 CBS 60 Minutes: That Corrupt House of Saud It is really easy to hate the corrupt urlLink House of Saud , and all their skanky progeny, raping the oil of their people, resisting principled leadership, lording it over a strategically undereducated and impoverished populace, making the GDP of the country their own little family checkbook. What's not to hate about the House of Saud ? But urlLink 60 Minutes kicks it up a notch. Apparently Bush is so cozy with them that Barbara, "Bar" Bush, wife of Bush the Elder, allows the skanky Prince Bandar the luxury of smoking in their house at their crib. urlLink He is the only person allowed to do so : "'To this day,' the elder George wrote to urlLink The New Yorker , 'Bandar is the only person besides the President of the United States that Bar lets smoke in our house, although both have to do it in their room with the door closed.'" Say what you will about the urlLink House of Saud and their underage prostitutes , they know how to buy a President. The sleazy corrupt bastards could also spell the end of the Bush dynasty if urlLink Kerry makes them a campaign issue . And he should. urlLink 60 Minutes reports on Sunday : "A London-based Saudi dissident says Saudi Arabia framed Britain for bombings in its capital in an effort to pressure the British to stop his group from criticizing the Saudi regime." "... urlLink The Saudi government reacted to a series of bombings in Riyadh that began in late 2000 by arresting five Britons, a Belgian and a Canadian, even though expatriates were the apparent target and Muslim fundamentalists the probable perpetrators. "The Westerners confessed and were convicted of the bombings, they say, after being tortured -- a fact the Saudis deny, but doctors have confirmed. In the confessions, the detainees say they were forced to implicate British diplomats in Saudi Arabia. It was all part of a plot against his group, urlLink says al-Faghi . "'They wanted to use those detainees as leverage to twist the British arm in order to force them to kick us out of Britain or do something to silence us,' al-Faghi tells Bradley." urlLink The harrowing story continues : "Al-Faghi's group has criticized the urlLink House of Saud for years, condemning the repressive kingdom on a radio station beamed into the country that the British allow the organization to operate from the United Kingdom. " "Saudi Arabia took drastic action because it was frustrated, says al-Faghi. 'We are a political opposition to the Saudi regime and because they've tried all means to harm us, to convince the British that we are doing wrong things, [but] they failed,' he says. "Britain did not capitulate. A team from Scotland Yard was forced to investigate the diplomats in Riyadh and found no basis for the allegations. The detainees, however, spent several years in captivity, enduring more torture, and for two of them, the promised threat of execution. A personal plea from Prime Minister Tony Blair last summer got them pardoned and released - but not exonerated. The Saudi government still considers them guilty. "This is difficult for Briton Sandy Mitchell, who with his friend, Canadian urlLink Bill Sampson , spent two-and-a-half years on death row. "'To my dying day, I will hate myself for this,' says Mitchell, 'because I was ashamed of having to falsely accuse two innocent men and I had to name two British diplomats.' "Sampson is resigned to the injustice. 'I know the members of [the Saudi] government are hypocrites. I know the members of their government are liars and therefore I do not expect anything better from them than that,' says Sampson. " urlLink Prince Turki al Faisal , who was head of Saudi intelligence when the men were arrested, twice postponed an interview with 60 Minutes before finally declining to talk to Bradley." Watch this on 60 Minutes Sunday at 7pm. Now, if you'll excuse me, writing about the House of Saud makes me want to take a shower.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Desmond Tutu was pimping hard at the Vanity Fair Tribeca Film Festival . Check out the ice grill and hit pause on the urlLink playa hating button, 'lil bit, you better recognize : the archbish is up in the TriBec to see and be seen (as well as get his crunk juice on at the Skyy Vodka open bar). The arch Bish will bish slap all pretenders and contenders. "Kiss my bling-bling," the bish seems to be saying, nonchalantly, with that angelic countenance, and the sufferage-aristocratic sounding Afrikaner-Soweto lilt, what, with the reddish-Bronze twilight of the stuggle for racial equality shining in the background. No "loser dust" gathers on his fancy threads Tutu is flossing: go archbish, go archbish ! Graydon Carter better jump back! Out : How does one put this? How does one broach a subject so ... so sensitive ? Tender as the teenage heart. Well, I'll come out with it, and thank you to urlLink Scott L at Stereogum for bringing this to my attention. urlLink Britney Spears has a crack problem . Who knew? In : urlLink Mistreatment of Iraqui soldiers and the attendant Rumsfeld-bashing . prediction: Rummy resigns after setting-up-the-grounds for exit ("I would obviously resign if I didn't feel I could be effective") and McCain takes Rummy's place (and, by Karl Rove's evil genius, gets taken out of the equation once and for all as a powerful Southwest bulwark Veep for Kerry) Out : Tomb raiders. Not cool. So-not-cool. And yet, it is such an evil Nietzschean-Kissingeresque enterprise ... Anyhoo : urlLink Some corpse thieves raided the Toscanini family tomb , desecreating the final resting place of the legendary conductors daughter, Wanda Toscanini Horowitz . Apparently there truly is no honor among thieves. urlLink The AP chronicles : "'It surely wasn't an act of vandalism,' (Police Col. Marco Rizzo ) said, citing the fact that they didn't leave graffiti. 'There were at least two people involved, maybe a third person. We don't know. "The break-in happened Thursday night, although it wasn't noticed until the following day. The culprits entered, pulled open a grate to the underground chamber, but ignored Toscanini's coffin. "Instead, they smashed a marble tombstone covering the coffin of Wanda Toscanini Horowitz , who died in 1998. They opened the coffin, then left, Rizzo said. He said it was possible the intruders may have been hunting for jewels." It is deliciously ironic (and how can one not talk about matters concerning death without the requisite irony ?) that urlLink Scythian tomb robbers, who robbed ancient tombs, were expert at the practice actually, ended up leaving, in their wake, archaeological data of sometimes greater import than the tomb that they themselves had robbed . Okay, enough with the dark irony , guys, (see what two days sick will get you?) next : In : Middle Aged women baring breasts are the new black. Washington DC, home of the FCC and their ludicrous tirades against Howard Stern as well as all the networks, is, it appears, a place that is very fixated on the the proverbial " urlLink dirty pillows ." urlLink Freud might say something about being weaned too early and the concurrent effects on psychosexual development. Who knows, who cares : all we know is, a middle aged lady flashed Ben Affleck at the Bloomberg after party, as he was with Vanessa Kerry. According to urlLink Ananova, via The Sun : "A fan flashed her breasts at Ben Affleck as he chatted with the daughter of US presidential hopeful John Kerry . "Affleck was with medical student urlLink Vanessa Kerry at a Washington dinner at the time, reports The Sun . "The middle-aged woman showed off her bare chest, exclaiming: 'You are fucking gorgeous.' "An onlooker said yesterday: 'It wasn't pretty.'" Did she have a tablemat holder nipple ring, too; or were the naughty bits closer in resemblance to a Ninja star of death, perhaps? DC: it's gritty: it aint pretty. Out : Louisiana's disproportionate legislative power is going the way of the Dodo bird, so much the better for us. Louisisana is far more conservative than the general consensus in the blue states, yet, alas, for many years they have held a disproportionate amount of political juice. The secret is very southern: blue state congressional seats have a migh higher turnover rate than the sloe gin fizz of the humid and conservative South, where urlLink plus sa change, plus le meme chose . urlLink TheHill notes : "Louisianas congressional delegation is going to lose much of the power it has wielded for nearly half a century because retirements and election-year maneuvering mean four of its nine members will be freshmen in January. "One senator and three members of the states seven-member House delegation are retiring at the end of their terms. With the loss of seniority, much of the states historically influential delegation may be unable to garner prime committee assignments. 'There are no two ways about it,' said Rep. urlLink David Vitter (R-La.), who is retiring to run for the U.S. Senate. We will lose seniority in the delegation. We have a tradition of having an effective delegation up here in part because of seniority, he added. " ... urlLink W.J. 'Billy' Tauzin (R-La.), the most senior member of the states delegation, is leaving his seat for health reasons. Tauzin served as chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee and sits on the House Resources and Homeland Security committees. He is serving his 13th term." No offense to my one southern conservative reader of this blog, but good fucking riddance to that Cajun bastard . Anyone on Energy and Commerce would be better than that cat. The words Louisiana and power scare me as an African American, they remind me that urlLink in 1990, 14 years ago, David Duke won 55% of the white vote in his run for Governor , despite the fact that the National Republican party denounced him. In : trailer trash : whether on Jerry "(wheezes) Jere ... " Springer, or anywhere else, their lack of shame makes for great shadenfreude, and their desire to be famous -- if only on reruns and at the local dive bar and Dairy Queen -- is a little on the yucky side. But oh-so-compelling ; I lie to myself often and psychologically justify my fascination by calling it all "my amateur sociological research into Americana." Whatever. Those are my hang-ups, I will not hide them from you, because, well, I show them to you, like 5, maybe 6 days a week? Anyhoo : This man sold his ex-wife's wedding dress on eBay, and, as trailer trash is wont to do in these social situations, urlLink he couldn't resist the urge to spill the beans on the seedy breakup of his nuptual bliss in lurid detail. Oh, hey, Mr. trailertrashman, resist ... resist : "I found my ex-wife's wedding dress in the attic when I moved. She took the $4000 engagement ring but left the dress. I was actually going to have a dress burning party when the divorce became final, but my sister talked me out of it. She said, 'Thats such a gorgeous dress. Some lucky girl would be glad to have it. You should sell it on EBay. At least get something back for it.' So, this is what Im doing. Im selling it hoping to get enough money for maybe a couple of Mariners tickets and some beer. This dress cost me $1200 that my drunken sot of an ex-father-in-law swore up and down he would pay for but didnt so I got stuck with the bill. Luckily I only got stuck with his daughter for 5 years. Thank the Lord we didn't have kids." Mariners tickets and some beer -- pour l'amour. (That's about as romantic as urlLink riunite on ice ) In : Embedded with Grrrls. Our favorite Spin employee, urlLink Ulragrrrl , shares with us Andy DePunk's urlLink observations on dating-in-your-twenties : "It is bizarre though, that no one in their twenties knows what the hell's going on. Since college, dating's been a lot like my little 6 year old cousin's soccer club. The parents drop off the kids and everyone just kicks the ball around like crazy, bonking heads and skinning knees until they occasionally make an accidental goal. But girls, no matter how savvy they are, seem a hell of a lot more frustrated and confused with us than we are with them. And I guess that was the gist of my previous email. "I have a female roommate now, which is sort of fascinating. I feel sort of like a journalist embedded with the enemy troops. I'm privy to war room discussions on hot guys who haven't called back, strategic planning sessions on capturing high profile targets, and endless standoffs with pussy boys who flirt with their eyes at bars and don't do anything about it. The whole thing was funny to me at first. Because girls seem to have absolutely no idea what they're doing. But lately I'm feeling more humbled. Maybe the pheromones are getting to me." Maybe , but this is interesting stuff delivered with a lot of heart and sharpness. Read on urlLink here . Out : urlLink Fashionweekdaily has an interesting post about "punchy" former New York Magazine editor "sweet" Caroline Miller possibly-maybe headed to urlLink another Primedia property , one jingled about by the late ... mediocre ... Steve Allen : " Caroline Miller , who was ousted as editor-in-chief of New York Magazine in favor of Adam Moss in February when Bruce Wasserstein bought the title from Primedia, has emerged as a strong contender for the top spot at TV Guide. TV Guide editor Mike Lafavore was fired on Monday, and Miller has already had a pow-wow with the publishers." Can you get any more edgy that TV Guide , what, with those mutiple collectors item covers? TV Guide is raw like cole slaw. In : Conservatives value wisdom and the urlLink Permanent Things , liberals value urlLink sophistication and urlLink Internationalism : urlLink why can't we combine the two teleological ends ? Both sides have merit: the depth of urlLink conservative wisdom and the breadth of urlLink contingent pragmatism are two sides to the same coin. urlLink Dewey and urlLink Voegelin , why can't we all just get along ... philosophically? Out : urlLink The great Choire Sicha on Remnick's unchanging hair .

 Was Andy Kaufman's Death a Hoax? urlLink The AP reports : " urlLink Andy Kaufman died of lung cancer on May 16, 1984, but according to legend, the eccentric comedian said if he were faking, he'd resurface 20 years later to the day. "'So, just in case, a party is being planned by Bob Zmuda , Kaufman's best friend and partner, at the House of Blues in Los Angeles on May 16. "'Over 100 personal ads will be taken out across the country and abroad, reminding him of his words. Will he show?' Zmuda asked on the Web site for Comic Relief , a series of shows that raise money for health care for the homeless. Zmuda founded Comic Relief after Kaufman's death. "VIP tickets to the Andy Kaufman Dead or Alive? tribute offer 'select seating and celebrity reception (hopefully with Andy).'" Is this the second coming of Latke ? Was Andy Kaufman's death a hoax? Comments? Here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever blog.

 Are Checkoslovakian Faces "Complex"? urlLink Fashionweekdaily has an interesting quote from 70s icon urlLink Karen Black regarding her face, a subject which, I, too, I must admit, have pondered with deep consideration: "Its very nice because its severe and I have naturally curly hair. Im Checkoslovakian descent and I have a kind of complex face. So, I need very simple things to offset that. urlLink Tony Basil told me that. He said just wear very simple things because its very complicated from the neck up." Karen Black's face has always kind of freaked me out, you know, kind of like that kid in the Total Eclipse of the Heart video with the urlLink glowing green eyes , y'know? I was born in Uganda, and we are rather urlLink earnest from the neck up . Oh, and speaking about Africans, is one of the most imteresting people in the world. Born in the early 1940s, Tt-Michel Kpomassie, travelled from his home village in West Africa to Upernavik in northern Greenland. Why did a young tribesman urlLink decide to go to such an Arctic environment ? Would I be lose all credibility with you at this point if I were to bring up urlLink Eternal Recurrence and Deja Vu with respect to how certain people seem driven by forces in their life choices that might have already occurred ? Yeah? Okay, forget I said it.

 Grouphug.us Grouphug.us is the most fucked up yet fascinating look into the urlLink sepia-colored film Noirish David Lynchian heart that is Americana ... Americana horror, people . (looks around suspiciously, continues ...) Set up as a sort of confessional, with locked glass doors, we, the spectators confronting the spectacle, are allowed to pull up a front row center seat to watch the freak-of-the-week parade about their naughty bits. Some of it is touching, quite frankly, some of it is raw; some of it is brutal, but virtually all of it flouts the basic laws of grammar; here, my little soupbones, urlLink have yourselves a looksie : "so i am really really really scared. My girlfriend is going to get sick she says in her mind schizophrenia she says she will kill herself before she gets too bad. but we are suppose to get married and have children. i know she doesn't really want too. she left me alone tonight.. she is sleeping on the futon. I don't smoke pot anymore because when she smokes pot she gets scary and crazy and i just look at her and cry because i am powerless because i love her so much." (The Corsair pulls out a legal note pad and urlLink does a Dr. Melfi ) "... sometimes i get really confused and shit is crazy in my head fast and quiet a man and a womens voice. I have been told i feel too much. I cry a lot. I cry over the time that i am missing spending with my parents or i think of times that i am not going to be with my girlfriend i have also been told i have dyslexia probably my dad has it." ( The Corsair cocks an eyebrow, slowly puts down the legal pad, and gets into a sprinters position) "um. i burn my arms. i don't know really why but i do with steam and heated spoons. i put bandaides over them so people can see the bandaides. but i hide the scars." ( The Corsair shivers ... and bolts from the room to the accompanyment of urlLink Asia's Heat of the Moment ) I wonder if there have ever been studies about the statistical percentages of madness in a world empire, and whether or not the pathologies increase over time.

 Will Blog Tomorrow Still under the weather. Blogs resume tomorrow. Cheers, Ron

 No blog posts today. Bad allergies and residual aftereffects of Cinquo de Mayo barfood. Yikes. Sorry.

 Krucoff on the Quest 400 urlLink Just who, precisely are the Quest 400 ? They are the Masters of the Universe , my precious little soup bones. Walk down Fifth and the Upper Eighties on a Saturday Night and you will see the tribe in action. They are urlLink that tiny group of high society holdovers that urlLink parties on the Upper East Side . Sometimes, on Saturday nights, you can see them shuttling off to the benefits -- there: look at the man wearing a cape and sporting a cane, like Dracula . Now: think of dracula as metaphor. Anyhoo : No longer do they tend to their rose gardens in Newport, Rhode Island. urlLink The ladies have little lap dogs instead of imperial colonies with brown people. The men are straight out of an Auchincloss novel. They sip Cutty Sark and cry real tears over the urlLink appalling state of their old prep schools (".. and, barmaid, *sob*, the old boys have made Latin an elective!"), or their sail boats. They frequent upscale bordello's after urlLink Michael's if they aren't already cheating with the illegal immigrant nanny. And to their urlLink cucumber-sandwich munching wives , those Rockefeller Republicans with the severe 1970s hair, the many facelifts, and the designer handbags, their dogeared copies of urlLink Debretts Peerage and Barontage ("Royalty is the ultimate reality, my dear") urlLink Cindy Adams can do no wrong. They make socially inappropriate comments mitigated by the fact that they are rich and don't really give a fuck that you might be offended by. Sometimes , they say, with the undigested cucumber sloshing about their botoxed lips -- sometimes a good right wing dictator really gets the trains running on time, Binky . To be sure. urlLink Krucoff crunches the numbers , god bless his snarky mathematical soul, and urlLink Gawker , for doing the math and putting it online. Where precisely did these Masters of the Universe make their fortunes? urlLink I'm saying . urlLink The bad way . Media/ Publishing. Captains of Industry. Fashion. And, surprisingly, one percent actually made it on the A-List through sports. Would I be cynical if I said those sports were more likely the ones with the little balls populated by white players? Yes, too cynical . Bravo, Krucoff, bra-fucking-vo.

 P Diddy and Lady Victoria Hervey: Just Friends From urlLink Loaded, April 2004 " Loaded : is it true you had a fling with P Diddy? urlLink Lady Victoria Hervey : Oh no, we're just friends. We met at the Monaco Grand Prix about three years ago and then hung out in Saint Tropez. I think we've done lots of summers of hanging out in the Mediterranean. He is seriously bling. I love that. He is such a fascinating guy. I just felt like I was in one of those little videos with the jacuzzi and stuff. Loaded : So what are the parties like on his yacht? LVH : I think he's probably the best party-thrower I know. Scantily clad on the boat, yeah. They're not debauched, it's very civilized."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Howard Stern was apparently invited to the National Press Club, urlLink according to Joe Hagan of The Observer . " ... In Washington, D.C., Mr. Stern has met with relative silence. "Two weeks ago, the committee that runs the National Press Club in Washington voted down a proposal for urlLink Mr. Stern to appear as a guest speaker, according to two sources familiar with the situation." Your loss, Press Club, that would have been a hell of a speech had he given it. Out : The urlLink Smokinggun.com collects through the Freedom of Information Act some of the funniest letters to the FCC from Howard Stern listeners on the double standard of giving Oprah Winfrey a free ride. My favorite line, "Tell me, Mr. Powell, how do you explain the concept of a tossed salad to your kids?" In : The feud between urlLink Catwoman , Julie Newmar and Jim Belushi , hero of the dumpy working man. Too Wong Foo, Julie Newmar : ka-pow! While, personally, I'd rather devote the space to a dissection of the urlLink neoconservative hatred of the UN's origins in Security Council Resolution 3379 , and how the disgusting Zionism-equals-racism pronouncement turned Israel forever against the possibility of working with the UN, alas, the thought of Julie Newmar and Jim Belushi mixing it up is too delish. That significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer tells writes that the two C-List neighbors are feuding. "On January 25, Newmar wrote to her local councilwoman, Cindy Miscikowski , complaining about the fence. "In her letter, Newmar said, 'I live next door to a neighbor from hell . . . "'I have called Police, Fire, Building and Safety Departments and other authorities on dozens of his prior law-breaking actions. It is exhausting and expensive. "'Please help me. I need some peace.'" In : Howard Dean is going to barnstorm the Deep South. Hmmm (a moments pause). Bad fucking idea, Keemo Sabe, let me count the ways . One, you are the poster boy of the Eastern seaboard Democrat. Two, they grow them big and mean and inbred in Mississippi. Three ... But I can't stop Dean, no one can -- he does what he feels is for the good. He's a urlLink Scorpio , dammit. urlLink Alexander Bolton of TheHill reports : "'But whether they like it or not, Dean may be coming to a neighborhood near them. Dean will announce the specifics of his planned tour through the South within &#147;the next couple of weeks,' said an aide. &#147;'He has a number of states in mind,' said Walker Waugh , Dean&#146;s spokesman. 'He&#146;s talked about going to Mississippi, and he&#146;s talked about going to Alabama.' "Dean also has told some Southern Democrats that he plans to travel to Texas and Louisiana as well." ( The Corsair shakes his head in disbelief and actual worry for Dean's physical safety) Out : Prada is, I repeat, not going public. Don't believe the hype. urlLink Our pal Godfrey Deeny of Fashionwire reports : "Prada has taken the unprecedented step of issuing a public statement denying a report in the Italian press that the firm will seek a public quotation later this year. "'With regard to the news: in the Italian press, the Prada Group would like to clarify through its spokesman that while it can confirm the strong improvement in its financial figures, there are no plans for a public listing in 2004,' the Italian luxury specialist said in a statement." So, now you know. In : urlLink WHCD Bloomberg After party yearbook pictures . An implausibly raven-haired Wayne Newton searches anxiously for the Mark of the Beast on Henry Kissinger's forehead. Andrea Mitchell humors her incontinent, urlLink rich granpa . And, tv talking head urlLink John McLaughlin flosses his pimpy rings and tries to pull down another 'ho on the DC side with his own prat out technique. Pimp hard, John, cause pimping aint easy. Out : Morrisey , cause urlLink Lindsay says so: "Morrissey's onstage banter bugged me. He kept handing the mic to some idiots in the front row who were talking about politics and Tony Blair and shit, and Morrissey was really cocky. When he first came on stage I thought to myself 'There is the man who got me through high school.' But after a while it occurred to me: 'The man who got me through high school is kind of a...dick.'" In : Scott L's very smooth Stereogum gives us a urlLink high school pic of Fred Durst .Biscuiticuit looks primed for some serious geek love. Out : urlLink Al Gore's purchase of NWI . Programming: 8-9 pm, Plants Making Oxygen: a documentary; 9-10, reruns of The Rockford Files; 11-12, reruns of Barnaby Jones ... In : urlLink Jann Wenner, devoting $200,000 to Salon Media . I guess it is a better investment in securing the Dems in the White House than running a urlLink Rolling Stone cover photo of Al Gore with an airbrushed crotch .

 Fuck Michael Eisner: Remember the Alamo Karma is a bitch, and Michael Eisner is finding that out, the hard way . According to urlLink Page Six, Mel Gibson is being touted as a possible successor: "A consortium of mysterious European investors has approached Gibson about a possible takeover of Disney now that Comcast has thrown in the towel, sources told PAGE SIX. 'We were very impressed with the way Gibson handled The Passion of the Christ, ' one insider said. The group was especially motivated after The Passion, made for $25 million, raked in almost $600 million. 'Gibson has the sensibilities Hollywood needs,' says a source close to the star. 'He has the right insight to lead a studio. Look at those numbers! Now, that is how to make movies - none of this $120 million nonsense.'" Why not? Look at the leadership of Eisner of late: urlLink he tanked -- big time -- on Alamo . He has consciously, studiously even, made sure not to urlLink groom a successor . Eisner has quixotically urlLink tossed $8 million for Clive Barkers Abarat series (like money down the toilet, because, of course, kids dig Clive Barker stories). And urlLink his ego singlehandedly fucked up the Pixar relationship. Last but not least, urlLink Jim Rutenberg of the Old Gray Lady reports that The Mouse House is blocking Michael Moore's latest film: "Disney came under heavy criticism from conservatives last May after the disclosure that Miramax had agreed to finance the film when Icon Productions, Mel Gibson's company, backed out. "Mr. Moore's agent, Ari Emanuel , said Michael D. Eisner , Disney's chief executive, asked him last spring to pull out of the deal with Miramax. Mr. Emanuel said Mr. Eisner expressed particular concern that it would endanger tax breaks Disney receives for its theme park, hotels and other ventures in Florida, where Mr. Bush's brother, Jeb, is governor. "'Michael Eisner asked me not to sell this movie to Harvey Weinstein; that doesn't mean I listened to him,' Mr. Emanuel said. 'He definitely indicated there were tax incentives he was getting for the Disney corporation and that's why he didn't want me to sell it to Miramax. He didn't want a Disney company involved.'" One can almost see the pathetic Eisner, manic, like an African dictator about to be ousted, drenched in sweat, trying to cling to power. "Gibson passed on the flic. Now Gibson wants my job. They all want my job (looks over his shoulder). I gotta back out. Gotta. And the taxes. I can blow $100 million on Alamo, $8 million on Abarat. but I need those Florida tax breaks ..." It's over Michael ... it's over. Whether they replace you with urlLink Steve Jobs or Gibson, it's over, Johnny.

 Reichstag to Tom Cruise: Nein! According to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink The Evening Standard , the German parliament nixed his bid to shoot some scenes for urlLink Mission Impossible 3 in the Reichstag: "'The building is not available as a film location and we refuse point blank every request to use it as such,' said a spokesman for urlLink Parliament President Wolfgang Thierse . "'It is about maintaining the dignity of the parliament.'" Ladies and gentlemen, actual proof : The overcalculated, robot-like actor actually fails (and not in a Cocktail-like cheated on Elizabeth Shue on the islands, and now I gotta fly back to the states to win her heart kind of way).

 A Picasso Record? urlLink Maccers posted this story about the Picasso urlLink rose period painting "Garcon a la Pipe" poised to sell for $100 million . I go back and forth with Picasso. What kind of a fish is a Picasso? Is Picasso a mighty trout navigating the breakers of the wine dark-sea of Art, or is he a minnow riding on the backs of more original Old Masters ("I collect Old Masters and Young Mistresses" --Nabokov, Ada). Some days, when I look back at his blue period, suffused with carbolic and icy blues and haunting lunar urlLink El Greco lighting that fairly crackles and vibrates, I think: Goddamn, utter and complete genius . Picasso is the sum total of all that came before him. And then , almost as often, the more and more one looks at his work, the more one sees how much he outright copied from other artists . He was an incredible thief. urlLink He stole so well and hid the booty in his own works, that his victims, the melancholy Spanish guitar of Juan Gris with the amber patina, the dispassionate dance hall gaze of Toulouse-Lautrec , Leger , Goya , Velasquez , Braques , El Greco , the unnamed West African mask makers, the Greek potters, have all become, in the fullness of time, his inferiors in the art world, subsumed to Picasso's superior plundering. His artistic borrowings were legendary -- he was a proto-postmodernist, in a way. Does Picasso disappear in the absence of greater artistic lights; is Picasso like the moon, which shines only from the borrowed glory of the suns rays? His line is confident, certainly (he could paint before he could talk), but is it worth 100 mil? urlLink the anxiety of influence is particularly heavy with Picasso . Sometimes I even wonder just how original or even if Picasso was very original. The more I learn about art, the more pictures I catalogue in my mind, the more I see that a particularly clever idea, a witty or disturbing character, or use of color, in his paintings -- was borrowed. And, like an onion unraveling, one wonders, underneath it all is there anything of substance? Or is it all just smoke and mirrors and protective layering? Perhaps he is not a fish at all, but the screaming, disruptive urlLink bull of Guernica slowly evolving into the urlLink priapic Minotaur as the 20th century unfolds, leaving weeping women in his wake, instead of urlLink bombed out Spanish villages . The Modernists are strange that way. Their break with ancient and classical forms moves them closer to clever statements, or disposable pronouncements, rather than all-inclusive world philosophies. Compare urlLink Magritte to urlLink Velasquez , or urlLink Koons to urlLink Titian . On matters of art (and urlLink education politics ) I am quite conservative, and on everything else, an unashamed liberal. Then again, the moderns may have a point that art is better served as wit and disposable pronouncement if, indeed, there is no meaning to human existence. A conservative take on art is an anti-Nietzchean view that there are absolutes -- love, God, Buddha, the culture (Greekness, Maya, Nilotic) whatever. The Nietzcheans are all about pushing-the-limits. God is dead, has been for quite some time, really, so the form of Christ is not so much in the renaissance of debate, but form itself, say, in synthetic cubism, or the startlingly beautiful, if lifeless geometric compositions of Mondrian. Whatever the case, the painting is clearly interesting: "Charles Moffet, co-director of Impressionist and modern art at Sotheby's, said: 'It has a haunting ambiguity that has ensured its status as one of Picasso's most celebrated images of adolescent beauty. "'It is, without question, one of the most beautiful of the artist's Rose Period paintings and one of the most important early works by Pablo Picasso .'" " John Whitney , a former US ambassador to Britain, bought the painting in 1950 for $30,000. " ... It is being sold by the Greentree Foundation, a philanthropic body founded by Mr Whitney's wife, Betsey, following the death of her husband in 1982." If Byron was the first rock star, Picasso was the first international celebrity -- Madonna with talent. Is it worth $100 million? Fuck no. Give me a urlLink mysterious labyrinthine urlLink Mannerist any urlLink day of the week . Now, back to gossip ("toss me in the shallow water before I get too ...")

 Scarlett Johansson to Louis Vuitton According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , Scarlett Johnansson is to be the new face for Louis Vuitton : "Two weeks ago, urlLink The Daily reported Scarlett Johansson had been tapped as one of the new faces of Louis Vuittons fall advertising campaign, photographed by urlLink Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott . Now The Daily has learned from an inside source that the 19-year-old Johansson will allegedly be paid $5.33 million to pose for the LVMH-owned luxury goods and clothing house, with the first images scheduled for August magazines. When reached for comment, a Louis Vuitton representative said the company could not confirm Johanssons business matters. 'We expect to make an announcement by the end of next week,' the rep said. 'But I cant comment now because the nature of celebrities can be very fickle.' A Vuitton insider commented that Johansson was picked after company executives wanted a younger name post-Jennifer Lopez. 'Shes young with classic look that hints at a bygone era,' the source said." As opposed to JLo? ouch. Isabella Rossellini had recent problems with age and fashion, says urlLink British vogue , "the raven-haired daughter of Ingrid Bergman , who has complained that she was ousted as the face of Lancome in 1994 because she was too old, laughs at the idea that she could ever turn back. 'I'm 52,' she told Women's Wear Daily . 'I don't think cosmetic companies have plans to come back to me. I'm available.'" And urlLink Page Six noted yesterday that 60 year old former covergirl Lauren Hutton is enjoying life, and still looking grand, at 60, "Only a few years after a serious motorcycle accident, the seminal supermodel just returned from a month-long trip to Africa (her 28th visit) that included cliff-diving near Zanzibar and a safari in the Serengeti, where she tracked game on foot and shocked her guide by picking up a 6-foot boa constrictor." Party on.

 Jim Jamusch: "I Love Ghostface;" PLUS: RZA and His Colloidal Silver From urlLink Filmmaker, Spring 2004 : Filmmaker : What about the urlLink Bill Murray piece (in urlLink Coffee and Cigarettes ) -- how did that come about, the idea of him playing an actor on the lam as a waiter? urlLink Jim Jarmusch : Oh, man, I don't know, because I wrote that one literally the day night before. I wanted to have urlLink RZA , urlLink GZA and urlLink Ghostface Killa from the Wu Tang . I love Ghostface and I thought he'd be a great actor to play with. And then I found out that Ghost was in Miami but GZA and RZA were definitely coming. So I called Bill and he's like, 'Jim, how long will this take?" 'One day.' 'Well, can we do it in half a day?' 'I'll try.' 'Oh, you'll try ... just tell me where to be, when to be there and what to wear.' Now, you can't give Bill's number to anyone on the crew -- his agent doesn't even have it. (On the day of the shoot) Bill walks right in, parked his own car and was there for the whole day, took RZA and GZA out to a Japanese restaurant for lunch. But I wrote that script real fast, and they followed it to a large degree. The thing about RZA being a doctor was a real funny thing. Filmmaker : It was real? Jarmusch : Yeah, one night I was with RZA in the studio and he gets a call from the wife of our friend urlLink Sifu Wahnam , the Shaolin Master. RZA is the god father of his kids. The kids are sick, its like 1:00 in the morning, and we go to their place. (Sifu's) wife Sophia's all freaked out -- one kid has a fever, one's sweating. And RZA's like, 'Okay, here's what you do, man. You take them urlLink off the dairy , you take them off the citrus, you give them this mineral , you give them one aspirin each -- no more!-- one aspirin each and you call me in the morning.' We're leaving and I said, 'What the fuck, are you a doctor now or what?' And he's like, 'Hell ya! You know, I started reading that shit, I've been reading alternative medicine for three years. So I put that in the script ... Okay, how much do you want to bet that that mineral is urlLink RZA and his crazy obsession with colloidal silver . I swear to god, urlLink RZA is going to turn half the population blue with this fixation !

 Mean Girls: Tina Fey vs. Last Call Girls Girls are mean. And urlLink Tina Fey should know . urlLink According to Star Magazine , there is a catfight going on at NBC. Tina gives NBC's lowgrade fare Last Call the icy grill: "There seems to be a pissing contest at NBC -- literally -- between the female staffers at the show, Last Call with Carson Daly and the ladies at Saturday Night Live . Tina Fey , SNL's head writer and Weekend Update co-anchor, and the writer and co-star of the film Mean Girls, told Carson Daly on April 21 that the women at SNL have a problem sharing the bathrooms on 17th floor of New York City's famous Rockefeller Center with the Last Call women. The reason? The SNL ladies believe Carson's female employees urinate on the toilet seats!" ( The Corsair softly chuckles) "Word leaked out the next day that the urlLink Last Call girls were upset by Fey's remarks so someone from SNL put up a sign in the ladies room that read, urlLink 'Tina says : If you sprinkle when you tinkle, please be neat and wipe the seat.' " Questions: 1) Who knew Last Call was still on the air 2) Who leaked (excuse the pun) this information to the Star? 3) I just watched the SNL Tivo from last week, and isn't urlLink Amy Poehler's Avril Lavigne hysterical? Anyhoo: check out urlLink Star for this story and other gossip.

 Black Eyed Peasy: A VERY SPECIAL CORSAIR According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer , Ashton Kutscher tried to punk the band urlLink The Blackeyed Peas and he himself ... was urlLink Punk'd . urlLink The Enquirer says : "The practical joke started innocently enough with the Peas being invited to a party at a Hollywood Hills mansion. "But when group members, with the offbeat names will.i.am , apl.de.ap and Taboo , arrived they saw couples retiring to bedrooms in the mansion. "Just as the 'Punk'd' pranksters planned, the Peas and their entourage found themselves in the middle of a brothel party with high-priced call girls. ( The Corsair grabs a handful of salt-free popcorn, and becomes riveted to the screen) "'Band member will.i.am was an accomplice in the prank,' said an eyewitness. 'But the rest of the band and their entourage became suspicious.' "Just then a team of seven phony vice cops rushed in from all directions. Some of the band members tried to explain it was a big misunderstanding, but the Peas' pleas fell on deaf ears." ( The Corsair makes an inaudible whistle) " ... And then all hell broke lose." ( The Corsair jumps up and down shouting: 'It's on like urlLink Gray Poupon! ') ""When one of the cops acted like he was going to slap the cuffs on will.i.am, one of his friends punched a cop in the jaw, which sent him flying backwards and into the pool," said the eyewitness. "Then, the guy tackled another one of the prop-cops and they both went tumbling into the pool!" "The 'Punk'd' crew members hurriedly tried to explain that it was just a joke -- but nobody was laughing. "Usually at this point Ashton comes out of hiding and lets the celebrity in on the prank, but a spokesman said the actor was away on location for a movie. "It's just as well. The Black Eyed Peas quickly left because tensions were so high, said the eyewitness. "'If they had stayed, it probably would have led to a full-fledged brawl between the band and the Punk'd crew.'" The Corsair is 'away on location for a shoot.'

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : This has got to be the urlLink whitest entry in David Patrick Columbia's Social Diary . Ever. Hilarious . Wake up, white people! ( Ed note . We at The Corsair love to read our friend DP Columbia's NY Diary, but we wish our friend would do more non-Upper East Side events.) Out : urlLink Senator Al Franken? (link via urlLink Wonkette ) Sure, he's arrogant and geeky, but could he be the next Senator from the state of Minnesota? According to the USA Today : "'I've thought about it and discussed it with my family more,' Franken told The Associated Press Saturday, before attending the annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner here. The only holdout, he said, is his 19-year-old son Joe, who is worried he'll see less of his father. "Franken, over a bite at a Thai restaurant (he ordered tom yum goong soup with shrimp and seafood salad), also said he's happy with the direction of his new radio show, urlLink 'The O'Franken Factor,' despite unenthusiastic early reviews." Well, if I may shed the fedora natural to a snarky blogger covering the LA-NY-DC power circuit for a moment, and only a moment, and don the Darth Vaderesque mantle of seedy political wonk-advisor, Al: lose the yum goong soup. Fast . You are running in Minnesota against urlLink Senator Norm Coleman : Mr. Apple fucking pie Americana. That chow is too eastern seaboard elite-internationalist -- go in for some Pillsbury Cookies made with Land O Lake butter, my little soupbone, or, better yet, pot luck . Now, urlLink that's Minnesota cuisine at it's most inedible . Thems good eats . Stick to the mild humor, Al, leave the heavy lifting to the professionals. In : The Indian fashion industry . Mark my words, my crystal ball is clear: 2004 will be the year of India . Indian culture is hott. Bollywood rocks. And their curry-hott fashion market is about to blow up: " Raghavendra Rathore , the designer from the royal family of Jodhpur in the desert state of Rajasthan, known for its vibrant colors and rich embellishments, said every designer was trying to work out that perfect combination of inspirational designs, financial management and marketing savvy. "'The bubble is about to burst and one or two of the designers will really make it. Very soon you will see,' said Rathore. "Fashion experts and industry insiders say it is only a matter of time before one of the top 50 makes that elusive breakthrough and becomes an international style icon. "'People are dying, itching to see that one perfect combination,' Rathore told Reuters on the sidelines of Fashion Week on Wednesday. 'It's a matter of time, stars and the moon to align themselves when the time is right.' (and while we're on fashion, a little plug for our pal urlLink Ivy Supersonic , a force of nature) Out : urlLink Al Gore to buy NWI?! According to urlLink Wonkette , Al Gore will announce the purchase of the excellent urlLink under-the-radar international news channel NWI . Damn. No doubt Al will fuck this up just like 2000. There goes the fucking neighborhood. And I really loved my Canadian News with dinner. *sigh* Seriously, I'm not joking In : Arnold sues. According to urlLink TheSmokingGun , The Governator has sued the company that made the bobblehead doll of him. Bad move, Ex Lax. Blame it on the dodgy horse hormaone to human hormone ratio in Shwarzenegger's blodstream, but this lawsuit is only going to fly back in his face. As urlLink the cats at theSmokingGun explain : "The Schwarzenegger doll, which went on sale about a month ago, is one of several bobbleheads featuring politicians that the Ohio firm sells ( John Kerry , Wesley Clark , and Howard Dean also retail for $19.99, while George W. Bush would only set you back $14.95). The bobblehead company contends that since Schwarzenegger is now an elected official, his image is public domain." But try to explain that to Arnie, who is campaigning so hard for the Republican nomination in 2008, what, with trips to Jordan, Israel and Germany, that he is neglecting that self-deprocating humor element of his political persona. It's a crucial part of any politician, Arnie. Shheeessh . Nazi-kids have no sense of humor. Out : urlLink Tanorexic Teens . According to the LA.com blog, "Sun-kissed California teens may have to catch their rays all natural if lawmaker Joe Nation (D-San Rafael) gets his way. Nation introduced a bill, which was amended on April 22, banning teens under 18 from using tanning beds." But what about the orange teens? What happens when they revert to a pasty shade of white? It'll be anarchy! In : Welcome to urlLink Defamer, the inside Hollywood blog, which debuts with, among other things, a Friends last episode spoiler . Cheers, and welcome to the club. In : urlLink Michael Musto, one of our favorites for years , interviews Jessica Simpson . Hot damn, kids, with that intro, you just know it's on like popcorn . Just sit back, and let the Musto weave the tale: "Granted a moment to interrogaterather than lickJessica, I asked her if she's become any more sophisticated lately, but she didn't seem to get the question. I repeated it, and sweet Jessica laughed and replied, 'That's not a good word to describe me. Classy, but I don't know about sophisticated.' 'Baby, you're the most sophisticated," smirked Lachey, oozing that patented male-hustler-esque chic I naturally adore. (He's the smart one in the household, the way Janet's the normal Jackson. Kidding. I love them all!) "'Your favorite book?' I posited, but Jessica didn't hear the question. I repeated it, adding, 'Mine's Cosmo Girl.' She laughednot that dumband said, 'My favorites are romance novels. I'm definitely a girlie girl. Anything that'll make me cry.' (Bergdorf Blondes does it for me. So moving.) And finally, considering that Jess is a part owner of Dessert Beauty, is this kind of expansion really necessary? Does she really need the moola? She got the question. 'Sure, why not!' baby Jessica exclaimed, without pause. Repeat: not dumb at all! Only Michael Musto would have the guts to ask Jessica Simpson her favorite book. So best. Out : Jordan: Hollywood of the Middle East? urlLink Army Archerd writes in Variety , "King Abdullah of Jordan is no stranger to Hollywood -- or appearing before cameras. But earlier this week he was in Hollywood trying to encourage shooting (movies, that is) in Jordan. He personally conducts a taped tour of Jordanian sites that could be attractive to moviemakers. In : Plum Sykes is a bitch, so says our favorite socialite, the always in urlLink Miu Von Furstenberg . "There's nothing worse than a socialite with a bad attitude, and Anna Wintour as a mentor." That's Our Miu, standing up for socialite scrumptiousness against the dark forces of Plum.

 Felix Dennis: Poet? Naaaah Maxim Magazine founder and vole-like mogul Felix Dennis really wants to be a poet, urlLink or so he hints to the Wall Street Journal today . Oh, The Corsair loves rich eccentrics, like Sargent Shriver and Felix the scat ... we could go so many ways with this little chestnut. urlLink WSJ's Matthew Rose writes : "'It would be nice if Mr. Letterman or Oprah gave me two minutes,' Mr. Dennis says. 'I'd blow their bloody socks off.' "Mr. Dennis has let his hair grow long and shaggy since he started writing seriously in late 2000. He has completed 650 poems, at last count, in the four hours a day he devotes to them. Every few weeks, he sends what he calls a 'wodge' of poems to his editor and to a lawyer friend, who stands in for the kind of ordinary reader Mr. Dennis seeks. Mr. Dennis then joins the other two in grading his poems. Those that get three As make the cut. Cs are discarded. Anything in between goes up for discussion or revision. "Mr. Dennis says in the next few years he's considering selling Dennis Publishing, owner of the highly successful Maxim, an irreverent men's magazine. He would like to concentrate on poetry and other interests ..." " ... A poet named Michael Horovitz (during a reading by Dennis) jumped up and protested that it was 'so wrong and so unfair,' Mr. Dennis recalls. Mr. Horovitz says he didn't use those exact words, but he has little admiration for Mr. Dennis's style: 'He has this maddeningly reactionary and Philistine concern about rhyming, which is why Felix, until he gets over it, won't become a true poet.' He adds that people only bought the book out of 'sheer gracefulness' in return for free wine." Wine ... or whine. Mr. Dennis is like any other good British boy who wants deeply and perversely to be urlLink Lord Byron . The Corsair believes that the whole Rolling Stones/ Beatles thingie began with Lord Byron, rock stars are just pale imitations. But the sun has set on the British Empire, although they have colonized the language -- why not make the most of it, my little soupbones, goes the thinking. Alas, " Mr. Dennis ," while living like an imperial viceroy on Mustique, doesn't know that the category of poet is, in fact, dead. Rigor mortis has set in. No one gives a flying fuck about the poets anymore. And poets, as a social class, are on the rungs somewhere between subway motormen and squeegee handlers on the great social ladder of Being. Finally , Dennis lacks the exotic bohemian style, the savoir faire , of Lord Byron, urlLink Don Juan ; rather, Dennis strikes us as Falstaff without the wit and minus the drinking stamina. The Corsair managed (wink, wink) to get a few stanzas of Dennis' floetry , his low grade godawful doggerel. Check it: " Epistle to Celebrity Skin " urlLink Halle Berry's got a lotta class/ Fills out a swimsuit with her tits and ass/ She took the Motion Picture Academy to the Cleaners/ Plus she stirs my Oscar ... Meyer Weiner" Also: " urlLink Lara ( urlLink Flynn Boyle ) "How does one adequately describe in verse/ Without appearing too perverse/ I'll set aside my pint of Bass/ And describe the urlLink bony curvature of her ass ." But, that's not all ... Finally: " Gina Gershon " urlLink Gina, Gina , Burning Bright/ In the forest of the night/ Should a pizza suddenly appear/ Which slice would go best with beer?" I'll refrain from reading urlLink Rhyme of the Ancient Pamela . Big kudos to urlLink TMFTML , who also tear Felix a new hole. Comments? post here or at urlLink BestWeekEver .

 White House Correspondents Dinner: Famous-For-DC We are the world's last superpower. America, the great. We sit astride the globe like a mighty colossus. So, what went on at the WHCD Bloomberg After Party ? urlLink Wonkette , urlLink Mrs. Cox (2nd story on OldHag), who was urlLink charming on Howie Kurtz , leads us off: "Line is not quite around the block. urlLink Jeff Bezos is behind us. Franken about five places behind us, swaying just slightly. Much discussion on whether or not IDs are being checked and whether or not everyone is being forced to stand in line or just those of us who may be famous-for-DC but who are not legitimately famous. Question answered: - urlLink Olsen twins are swept by. - urlLink Chris Matthews goes right on in. - urlLink Joe Scarborough , talking to Marines, follows. - Bezos takes this as his cue. - urlLink John Podhoretz next, eliciting memorable exchange: urlLink Franken : 'I'm telling Page Six!' Podhoretz : 'I am Page Six !' Franken: 'You can't handle Page Six!' Franken proclaims his intention to get to the bottom of this. Marches forward. Returns, announces, 'They told me I could get in, but I'm gonna wait in line with you!' "Truly, a man of the people." urlLink Jon Fine of AdAge tells us : "The crowd of well-wishers demanding snapshots with Internet gossip-and-links purveyor Matt Drudge -- outfitted for the occasion in a simple white hat he bragged cost $3.99 -- was substantially larger than those demanding snapshots with entertainer Wayne Newton . (Those convinced that Donald Trump has the most terrifying hair in the world would do well to avoid the improbable and elaborate structure that crowns Mr. Newton's skull.)" "... urlLink Newsweek columnist Howard Fineman end-running an entire receiving line to enter Newsweek's pre-dinner reception -- an egregious offense of party etiquette ameliorated slightly by the fact he had urlLink Meg Ryan on one arm." Next, we have urlLink Hank Steuver of the Washington Post : "Nix the moment where urlLink Henry Kissinger , older than ever, declines, with actual horror in his voice, the opportunity to speak to Lyndon LaRouche . (Who, it happens, told us: 'Keep out of mischief, unless you enjoy it.' Oh, that lovable LaRouche.)" "But urlLink Ben Affleck looked exactly like urlLink Ben Affleck , and his draw was understandably magnetic. He was large-headed, and available, out on the crowded smoking yard in back, surrounded by all these young Republican women (he told one of them he thinks Republican girls are better looking than the rest, and she told us, and we tell you). urlLink Vanessa Kerry , daughter of, took his cigarette out of his hand and threw it on the ground, as a health admonition. Later Affleck got involved in a heated debate about the estate tax." urlLink Danna Harman of the Christian Science Monitor : " Serena Williams , awesome enough in her tennis clothes, was in an even more eye-catching emerald number." And, finally urlLink Elizabeth Bumiller of the NY Times : "'It's become like everything else,' said urlLink Christopher Buckley , the comic novelist and a former speechwriter for Mr. Bush's father. 'It's become the Super Bowl.'" Basta!

 NYTimes to Spurlock: You Want Liver Failure With That? It is rare that the staid New York Times Arts and Leisure section makes The Corsair spit out his Kenyan blend coffee, but urlLink Susan Dominus did , in her interview with Morgan Spurlock of the eagerly anticipated fast-food bashing film urlLink Super Size Me. Sure, Emily Nussbaum's lovingly rendered 70s tv nostalgia moves me; but Dominus downright floored me. After about 30 days of McDonalds: " DOMINUS : Did you start to smell bad? " SPURLOCK : Oh, man. I was deliberately not exercising any more than the average American, but I did let myself go to the sauna, to kind of sweat some stuff out of me. And when I came out of the sauna, some guy was like, man, somebody or something smells like cheeseburger in here. I could only assume it was me. " DOMINUS : I think that's a safe assumption."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Kaballah gibberish tatoos. In her rush to emulate the Material Girl (who, apparently, is no longer materialistic) Britney Spears made a boo-boo, urlLink according to the 3 AM girls : "The 22-year-old has had a series of Hebrew symbols etched into the back of her neck in an act of devotion to Kabbalah, the mystical form of Judaism she was introduced to by Madonna. "But unfortunately for her they are absolute gibberish. "Says a source: 'She had hoped it would say new year or new era. It seems she's got the words the wrong way round." Oops she did it again (we couldn't resist). Out : Fashionweekdaily reports that Plum Sykes may, finally, have found her plum pudding, I mean, prince charming: "Has urlLink Plum Sykes, 34 , finally found her prince? Sources close to the Bergdorf Blondes author tell us she may be getting engaged soon to erstwhile urlLink Internet entrepreneur Toby Rowland . The 35-ish Rowland is the son of the late Tiny Rowland, a British press baron who owned Britains The Observer newspaper at one point. Toby, who was engaged once before, to an American, started an Internet company at the height of the dot com boom, but his company went down when the bubble burst; before that he worked for Disney." Not the freshest catch, Plum, darling: Rowland was head of urlLink something called Clickmango , an online health site that went bust ... can the air of impatient superiority that surrounds you support such an association? In : Art wars. Who wins? Us! urlLink Those crafty Page Sixers report that urlLink Sotheby's and urlLink Christy's are going all out this week: "Both are holding their major Impressionist, Modern and Contemporary art sales. On the block is between $400 million and $500 million worth of art. Each auction house has gambled millions of dollars guaranteeing owners minimum prices, whether their artworks sell or not. The excitement starts tomorrow with Christie's Impressionist and Modern art sale featuring, among others, urlLink Modigliani , urlLink Monet , urlLink Chagall and urlLink Picasso ." Seriously, though, if any of you want to hook me up with urlLink George Braques Bouteille et Verre ( a steal, BTW, at $1.2 million to $1.6 million), I wouldn't have a problem. Out : Teenage Exhibitionism. urlLink Daphne Merkin in today's New York Magazine brings us up to scoop on what the private school kids are doing (Is there a NY Mag private school beat?). And, as far as I am concerned, it makes urlLink my old UN School spitball embarassment moments look fucking miniscule in comparison: "In the latest instance of a teenager attempting to convey her hotness factor, a urlLink Horace Mann eighth-grader used a digital camera to tape herself masturbating and simulating oral sex, then e-mailed the gawkily explicit videowhich resembles an audition for a pedophiliac porn filmto a male classmate she had a crush on. The boy in question chivalrously rushed the three-minute clip onto the Web, and its contents quickly made the private-school circuit." Damn. Kids are cruel . In : Guy Ritchie ; Lourdes: Language Maven: Einstein. According to the Austrian Magazine Woman , via Ananova, Madge says of her husband: "'My urlLink husband was always a scientific type and a total Darwinist when I met him. He was never interested in spiritual things like God and the Bible. But Kabbalah is based on scientific facts and that captured his analytical mind. "'My daughter also attends her own spiritual course every Saturday where she learns about sharing and the power of her words. It's changed her a lot - she doesn't overreact as much anymore,' she said." So your baby is a sorceress and your hubby is a mad genius. Gee, the Kaballa has really made Madonna down to earth. Out : Sofia and Quentin are officially an item. A urlLink gawker stalker breaks it all down for us. urlLink Check it out , apparently, "They like each other quite a bit, actually. It's all been rather peasy." In : Russia. All that corrupt cash floating around, not to mention the spikey hair, the gel, the loose women -- get me a flight. According to urlLink Nick Charles of Fashionwiredaily , "No wonder Vanity Fair-y George Wayne has not returned from a jaunt to Russia. According to Lotus co-owner and party poohbah Mark Baker, Moscow is the place to be these days, and a Moscow branch of Lotus isnt far off. Apparently the city is crawling with newly-minted billionaires who love anything that smacks of American-style glamour, and Moscow fashion week has become a must. Baker is also helping Russian aristo-model Natalia Vodianova channel some of the cash to a good cause and establish a childrens foundation with a Calvin Klein fashion show planned for the Moscow launch. As for George, he is still 'missing' somewhere on the Volga. After persistent reports of perk fests in the name of Vanity, is there a home to come back to?" The Corsair prediction: Wayne will return in a few weeks with a harrowing story of partying with ukranian cossak crime lords and Moldavian slave-boytoys. All in time for the VF's next issue: That crezzy GW . Out : Writers and envy. urlLink Carl Swanson on Elvis Mitchell in NY Mag : "'Elvis has this sort of Candide-like air about him,' says Outside executive editor Jay Stowe, who edited Mitchell at Spin (yes, he worked there, too). Its not navet, exactly, but an aura of doing what he wants and seeming surprised, in all innocence, when people take offense." Offense or envy?

 Sargent Shriver: Keeping It Gully urlLink WWD keeps us up to date on America's semi-Royals , The Shrivers (Quickly: let's do the math on this one -- Spensors:Windsors:: Shrivers: Kennedy's): " The Shriver clan urlLink Eunice Kennedy Shriver and her husband urlLink Sargent 'Sarge' Shriver , Timothy , Bobby , Anthony and urlLink First Lady of California Maria , descended on urlLink Giorgio Armanis Rodeo Drive boutique Thursday night for a party hosted by Details and Olympic gold medalist urlLink Carl Lewis to benefit Special Olympics, founded by Mrs. Kennedy Shriver in 1968. While the entire retinue wore neutral-hued Armani, it was Sarge who caused the biggest fashion frisson in an Old Guard navy blazer and buttercup yellow trousers paired not with the standard loafers, but black and gold Reebok trainers. 'Am I hip? I dont know,' he growled, 'but have you ever seen an 89-year-old man do this?' he asked as he lifted his leg to a 45-degree angle, leaned over and bent his knee to better examine his shoes. 'Oh, he is the most fashionable one of us,' joked his wife. 'Dont let him fool you.' ( The Corsair lifts his leg to a 90-degree angle, leans over and bends his knee to better lift a bottle of urlLink Cutty Sark ) Anyhoo : Sure, Sarge, urlLink Dick Cheney would pass out if he tried that: you are the urlLink healthiest Vice Presidential also-ran in history ; but Sarge, you're not tha only old man with some serious athletic game: Jack Palance , 84, that gravelly-voiced creepy Silver Age star, a full three years your senior , urlLink does push ups in public . You better recognize! Frankly , though, my favorite Sargent Shriver story is urlLink told by Sam Stossel here in The Atlantic, April 9, 2004 : "A campaign-trail legend from 1972 places Sargent Shriver , the dashing Democratic candidate for the vice presidency and the former director of the Peace Corps and the War on Poverty, in Youngstown, Ohio, chatting up voters in a working-class tavern. Shriver is his usual genial self, and seems to be connecting with the assembled steelworkers, who will form part of a vital voting bloc in the general election. As the merrymakers call for another round, people shout out the names of their favorite beers. Not to be outdone, Shriver eagerly joins the chorus: urlLink 'Make mine a Courvoisier! ' For Congressman Tip O'Neill , who had been traveling with Shriver, this faux pas was the last straw. 'That's it,' said O'Neill, stepping away from the bar. 'I'm getting back on the plane and going back to Boston. There's no hope here.' (Indeed, there wasn't. Richard Nixon was reelected in a landslide that November.)" Oh, yeah, urlLink Tip, like a man named after a drink gratuity is unfamiliar with the 'voisier. (averted gaze). Rest in Pickled, Tip

 John Simon: P Diddy Has Presence ... Alacrity We are in " urlLink the last days ," people; the last days. Strange things are happening. Jesus is right around the corner. urlLink Will you be Left Behind ? John Kerry's presidential campaign is urlLink shaping up to be the biggest natural disaster since Al Gore . George Bush's urlLink base is starting to abandon him . Now, urlLink John Simon, the ultrasnarky New York Magazine theater critic , has some, sort of, urlLink nice things, to say about P Diddy's performance in Raisin in the Sun : "Under Kenny Leons meat-and-potatoes direction, all the principals in Raisin Phylicia Rashad , Audra McDonald , Sanaa Lathan , and young Alexander Mitchell do admirably. As for urlLink Sean Combs as Walter Lee , his eyes widen a bit too readily, his limbs are so loose as to threaten flying apart, and his face is curiously babyish. Still, he has genuine presence, and his emoting, except in a moment of utmost dejection, has alacrityno diddling or pufferyand shows potential, if not quite yet heart." Genuine presence .. alacrity ... boyishness ... no diddling or puffery? On the subject of snark, urlLink Bob Hoover of the Pittsburg Post Gazette wrote on Simon : " John Simon's dismissal in The Times of Norman Mailer's 1991 'Harlot's Ghost' came close. "Confronted with that 1,300-page 'widow-maker,' Simon summed up Mailer as 'a punch-drunk writer trying to outbox all competition, real or imaginary.'" urlLink The Hindu of India (no, that was not a typo) summed it up: "But the review that really got Mailer's goat, perhaps because it appeared in the one publication that matters most to American writers, was that of John Simon in the New York Times Book Review. "Simon, better known as a theatre critic, found Harlot's Ghost an 'arbitrary, lopsided, lumpy novel that outstays its welcome'. Mailer's 'hang-ups are too naked, puerile, perverse", wrote Simon, adding that "what he lacks is (a good) editor'. Worse has been written by reviewers and some of Simon's 2,500-word critique was even complimentary but Mailer blew a gasket. He stormed into the offices of the New York Times, demanding and obtaining a meeting with the Managing Editor of the paper and the editor of the Book Review section. Simon, he alleged, was biased against him: Mailer had apparently described Simon years ago as being 'as predictable in his critical reactions as a headwaiter.'" A kinder, gentler John Simon? Naaaaaahh.

 Sopranos: Does Adriana Get Whacked? We are down to the last three episodes of urlLink The Sopranos , and Drea de Matteo is all set to play Matt Leblanc's sister in the NBC Friends spinoff, "Joey." So, does that mean urlLink Adriana is about to get whacked? Or does she go 40,000 Leagues in Witness Protection? Somethings gotta give, fuggedaboudit . One , comare , Adriana has been a snitch for the Feds, using that hookup to get rid of rivals on The Soprano food chain. There's no way David Chase , the consigliere, is going to tease this out beyond the last episode this season: it screams resolution, like a (makes Italian hand gesture) Chiacchierone . Two , FBI agents planted listening devices in Adriana's nightclub, particularly in the back office where Tony meets with other gangsters. ( The Corsair munches on a plate of Gabagool) Were Tony to find said devices, or someone else, Adriana might be fingered. And, should Tony suspect that their semi-romantic moment might have been a ruse to set him up, Tony would come heavy, react with furious anger, commit a Message Job . Either way, if Johnny Saks hears ot it, he will force Tony to show that he is still in control . Col tempo la foglia di gelso diventa seta. Three , Adriana, in the last episode, ( The Corsair munches Sfogliatelle) asked Christopher very earnestly to move, perhaps to California, to pursue screenwriting ( The Corsair makes elaborate hand gesture). He replied that he was "a soldier." But by the end of the episode, after an urlLink argument with Tony S. and Tony B . Maybe Christopher doesn't have the iron constitution to be a soldier. Maybe he has the heart of an artist, a screenwriter, an FBI Informant? urlLink Fox Columnist Roger Friedman notes , "Sources insist that De Matteo's work on 'Joey' will not conflict with 'The Sopranos,' which is filmed at various locations in New York and New Jersey. 'She is contracted for a sixth season' of 'The Sopranos,' an HBO source said." Whatever.

 A Lizzie Spiers Jones? urlLink My old bossman Jason Calacanis makes an interesting point in his blog, "(Elizabeth) Spiers retiring from blogging makes me feel like the times when Jordan retired from the NBA. :-(" "Hey kid, can you just give us a couple of riffs on Graydon (Carter) for old times sake?!" My sentiments exactly, although, to my knowledge, Ms. Spiers is still in the game, just caught in the whirlwind of Adam Moss' new New York Mag. Spiers hasn't posted for her blog in two weeks, and, urlLink with Choire Sicha going on vacation , which is going to leave snark addicts with a serious jones at the height of the Graydon Carter mess. Of course, the talented Ms. Spiers is prolly quite busy at the print side of the new New York Magazine, and the Kicker blog is, quite possibly, going to be updated on a more infrequent basis. Such are the mysteries of Adam Moss . That having been said, I'm having a urlLink Lizzie jones ... can somebody spare a fix? Just to get me past the shakes?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink A goddamn Kerry-McCain ticket ; gimme five, spoonbread . urlLink Kerry and McCain for the ages . Ahhhh, the pause that refreshes. There are a lot of aristocratic Republican types ( urlLink Arnaud de Borchgrave , anyone?) as well as urlLink Log Cabin Republicans (Why in this day and age, after civil rights, would anyone oppose gay marriage? I don't get conservatives sometimes), urlLink immigration reform minded Republicans in the Southwest, who cannot abide by the fucking hayseed/hillbilly reactionary center of the universe that is the Bush White House. Any fucking moment I expect John Ascroft to do a little faith revivalist hillbilly dance with a rattlesnake in his arms, singing some West Virginia ditty. A Kerry-McCain ticket would make it pretty goddam jake for swing voters to go Democrat("and they say once you go Democrat ...") even though John Kerry is as exciting as urlLink photosynthesis . According to urlLink The NY Times : "'Senator McCain would not have to leave his party,' (former Senator Bob) Kerrey said. 'He could remain a Republican, would be given some authority over selection of cabinet people. The only thing he would have to do is say, I'm not going to appoint any judges who would overturn Roe v. Wade ,' - the Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion, which Mr. McCain has said he opposes. " Chris Lehane , a Democratic strategist who once worked for Mr. Kerry, said such a ticket 'would be the political equivalent of the Yankees signing A-Rod,' referring to Alex Rodriguez , the team's star third baseman." The very fact that this idea is being "floated" ( urlLink last weeks flavor was Governor Bill Richardson )tells me that the Kerry camp is seriosuly considering it; which is, as Martha Stewart might say were she not so stressed at present, a good thing . One can almost see urlLink George Stephanopoulos choking on his Ovaltine. McCain comes from the critical Southwest and he brings Republican moderates into the fold. The Southwest, to the Democratic Party, is the new black; (note to Kerry: pick up a urlLink Navajo-made Silver & Turquoise Bolo Tie for the campaign trail). Out : urlLink Troy . That shit sucked. I am the biggest classics geek. Ever. urlLink Homer and urlLink Plato and urlLink Sophocles and urlLink Xenophon are my favorites. I weep over urlLink Euripides' Medea . I read Greek and Latin; I actually studied the languages and their literatures in college. Fuck it, I find urlLink anacreontic poetry to be darkly beautiful, I'm hopeless; get some Cutty Sark in me and I'll recite (or, better yet, don't and avoid the ungodly spectacle of a Ugandan blogger scanning Homeric meter). But, goddamn it, urlLink Troy sucked ass. Oh Lord, how it sucked . Hollywood should just leave the fucking urlLink Great Books alone. They are not equipped to handle the job. Patently unfit. And no Hollywood actress has an interesting enough face to play urlLink Helen of Sparta , the most beautiful woman in the world, daughter of Zeus. Hmmm , well, allow me amend that, maybe urlLink Angelina Jolie , with that urlLink beautiful Gemini face . Out : Apple Paltrow, grrr ( The Corsair frowns). urlLink According to the AP : "Hollywood actress Gwyneth Paltrow has given birth to her first child, a daughter called Apple, a spokesman said on Saturday." Grrrr . I know, I know, why would you welcome an innocent little WASP baby into the world like that by putting it on The Corsair out list? Paltrow's face just sets me off and makes me do crezzy things. I didn't even like her in urlLink Seven , where she played the mousy wife ("What's in the box ..."). I'm just old school like that. In : urlLink Jimmy Kimmel ODs on Advil . "Don't hate ... appreciate ," ( The Corsair heard a little suburban wigger with a urlLink hat tipped pimp-style like Britney's boyfriend saying that this morning in Midtown at the cross street to another tweenager). Out : urlLink Fashionweekdaliy's Quote of the Daily , from Farnsworth Bentley , P Diddy's (softly chuckles) "manservant/ Howard University graduate," "There will come a time when people will ask, 'Wheres your umbrella from?' and if it isn't from FJ Bentley, it won't be special. The parasol will be the next avant-garde fashion accessory. Trust me." From Howard U. to peddling parasols. Nice . The shark is circling Farnsworth, you of the bandy legs and discombobulated dance maneuverings. Your next line, Mr. Bentley, should be, "do you want your urlLink blood blisters removed, Mr. Diddy ?" In : Socialites . Thin slices of yum yum, spending their lives in leisure, looking good. There are so many things we mortal men wish to know about socialites. How do they remain so razor-thin: Do they always eat such small portions: how come they always smell so mmm-mmmm good? Anyhoo : Our favorite socialite, our future first wife, urlLink Miu Von Furstenburg , is in Los Angeles, causing quite a stir. You will remember yesterday she went mano-a-mano with Milla Jovovich : "Being in LA, and preparing for the long haul, I wanted to get pampered. So my friend Nicky and I went to the unfortunately named Juan Juan Salon in Beverly Hills. We went in for a simple manicure and pedicure. However, when we saw that they do aromatherapy hair treatments, we had to jump at the chance (although my first thought was, 'what the fuck is it?'). I mean how LA would this be. Maybe this exists in New York City, and I've never noticed (I have been going to the same stylist for years). "To my disappointment, it was basically an expensive oil treatment. A combination of Lemon, Geranium, Tea Tree, Chamomile, and lemon were used. All I have to say, is that afterwards I hated the smell of my hair. If I wanted to smell of Geranium, I would have gone to my aunt Allegra's and rolled around in her garden." New York just isn't the same. Come back, Miu. Out : Don Hewitt and his old ... old ... very Old Boys Club, with Mike Wallace. You know you're on CBS when, as the party bumps, Leslie Stahl is the spring chicken of the bunch. On Tuesday night, the 60 Minutes Gang (what do you call a grouping of octagenerians? A murder of Old Crows?) talk with urlLink Don Hewitt as he gets ready to retire . You can be sure urlLink there will be more softballs tossed here than in Elijah Woods' bedroom after the urlLink Appletinis are drunk: "The man most responsible for telling the stories that 60 Minutes is famous for finally tells his own story on CBS. "Broadcast journalism legend Don Hewitt takes the spotlight to talk with his correspondents about his career and his creation in urlLink 'Tell Me a Story: The Man Who Made 60 Minutes,' to be broadcast Tuesday, May 18, at 9 p.m. ET/PT. "Correspondents Mike Wallace , Morley Safer , Ed Bradley , Steve Kroft and Lesley Stahl join Hewitt in a lively discussion punctuated with footage of 60 Minutes classic moments and people." No mention of how urlLink he and urlLink Mike Wallace made Meredith Viera's life a living hell before she resigned because she had the temerity to have a baby. Wallace and Hewitt essentially double teamed her until she finally resigned, all chronicled by urlLink Richard Cohen . Assholes. Great journalists, though, who did great things, but assholes nonetheless of another era not as liberal and sophisticated. Also, Out : The Swan . According to urlLink TheSmokinggun.com : "The Los Angeles doctor Fox Television has tabbed to provide "psychological counseling" to contestants on "The Swan," its controversial plastic surgery makeover show, received her Ph.D. from a California correspondence school that was described this week as an unaccredited "diploma mill" by congressional investigators, urlLink The Smoking Gun has learned. "Therapist Lynn Ianni , it turns out, is not a doctor, she just plays one on TV." Ouch.

 Court Love: The Unbearable Lightness of Being Crezzy Or, Silly Girl ... Silly Trial urlLink TheSmokinggun.com does their usual fine job of deconstructing the disintegrating rocker today: "The way Courtney Love sees it, her March arrest for assault actually had nothing to do with her smashing her microphone stand in the face of that poor New York concertgoer. Instead, the bedraggled 39-year-old singer chalks her assault/reckless endangerment to an overarching plot: 'The police have a conspiracy against rocker chicks.' That is just one of many kooky statements Love made to New York Police Department officers after her March 18 arrest, according to the below disclosure form filed yesterday by Manhattan prosecutors. Love also told an NYPD sergeant that she was getting popped because, 'You just want to be famous.' Love entered a not guilty plea at her misdemeanor arraignment yesterday in Manhattan's Criminal Court. She then repaired to a courthouse bathroom for a rambling press conference with female reporters, a tactic Martha Stewart never thought to employ." Her soon-to-be infamous impromptu bathroom press conference tapped into a wide array of important social issues, including but not excluding, Why My Daughter ( The Corsair sobs softly, sweetly) has to give up her horse to help her Mommy (Another generation of Cobains, it appears, has to give up The Horse ... fascinating); also, the Cryptic Mosaic Warning, "You do not sleep with married men (is this the Kabbalah-red-string-theory at work?);" and, immediately contradicting the previous statement, in a personal message to the very married Russell Crowe (like, personal over the world's media personal -- you know we're in the Bizarro world of Courtney logic here), "I'm sorry to Russell Crowe for you leaving me all those messages for the Golden Globes. I never got them, dude. It would have been a fun date." Indeed it would, biscuit. Courtney's a fun sorta gal: a hoot, no doubt, if you will , with her own, to be quite graphic, surgically-enhanced set golden globes to play with; but even Russell, our gruff, lager-infused-punkface-thesbian, even Russell Crowe couldn't handle that flavor of heapin' crezziness that is Court Love. She's a whole lotta woman, that Court; whole lotta woman. Court Love: Livin the Thug Life, swinging from court date to court date, assaulting peeps. urlLink She's like the wind .

 Will Andy Kaufman Return From The Dead? He's Supposed to Resurrect on Sunday urlLink The AP reports : "Andy Kaufman died of lung cancer on May 16, 1984, but according to legend, the eccentric comedian said if he were faking, he'd resurface 20 years later to the day. "'So, just in case, a party is being planned by Bob Zmuda , Kaufman's best friend and partner, at the House of Blues in Los Angeles on May 16. ( Ed note : This Sunday) "'Over 100 personal ads will be taken out across the country and abroad, reminding him of his words. Will he show?' Zmuda asked on the Web site for Comic Relief, a series of shows that raise money for health care for the homeless. Zmuda founded Comic Relief after Kaufman's death. "VIP tickets to the Andy Kaufman Dead or Alive? tribute offer 'select seating and celebrity reception (hopefully with Andy).'" Is this the second coming of Latke? Was Andy Kaufman's death a hoax? Will Zmuda make a bundle for Comic Relief and the homeless, two worthy charities, BTW. Tune in. Comment here, or urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever . I can't say I believe this to be anything other than Zmuda drumming up money for worthy charities with dubious means, but, say, wouldn't it be wild if Kaufman actually pulled a prank of galactic proportions that took 20 years to pull off? How ... Kaufmanesque ... would that be?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Stolen Demi-Ashton pics ... I'm never gonna dance again, guilty feet aint got no rhythm. Anyhoo : Enough about me; lets talk Kutcher. Soon to make the rounds of your favorite Not-Safe-For-Work internet sites (cue to the sleazy neon lights and cheap ass sax solo) are the forbidden love photos of Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher that were allegedly filched, urlLink according to The Sun : "FILM beauty Demi Moore is devastated after discovering that X-rated snaps of her and toyboy lover Ashton Kutcher have been stolen. "The pictures were on a laptop nicked from the Hollywood Hills home of Ashtons friend Adam Goldberg . "The couple are worried that the images will appear on the internet like heiress Paris Hiltons infamous sex video. "A police spokesman said the photos were of Ashton, 26, and 41-year-old Demi in 'compromising positions.'" We'll glance over the British use of 'nicked,' which has always rubbed me the wrong way, like urlLink Benny Hill , which, to me, is just one more reason to hate the British (let me not get started on the term 'cheeky,'). Wonderful to relate, though, true believer, is that The Corsair , too, keeps intimate photos of himself and his various toygirls on the laptop at of fellow blogger urlLink TMFTML . Ashton and Demi, combined, prolly share a solitary, but pretty brain cell and on that day, it was in joint custody. The Corsair erupts: Pickleheads! Out : The oily Vanity Fair Editor Graydon Carter , slithers into the out column this week. According to Graydon Carter's Vanity Fair, the Entertainment industry is so very alabaster indeed that African-Americans urlLink have failed to grace the cover of said august institution for years ... years. Because we all know that Gretchen Moll is hotter than Prince . So, having vented thusly (deep cleansing breath), it comes as no surprise to The Corsair that urlLink his ethics are being called into question . He was rather conveniently paid a staggering $100,000 "finders fee" (Russian wink, Nigerian nod) for suggesting to Universal Pictures that Sylvia Nasser's 'A Beautiful Mind be made into a film: "'Vanity Fair has been blurring the lines for some time,' said Cynthia Gorney , associate dean of the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley. 'But there is something particularly distressing about the nice round figure of $100,000 and the fact that it directly lined Mr. Carter's pocket.'" Indeed ( The Corsair gloats), his urlLink Turnbull and Asser suit must have been specially tailored to manage all that loot ( The Corsair struts, vindicated). We all know, of course , that in Hollywood, studios throw money at anyone who mentions an idea ( The Corsair is now all puffed up and self-satisfied). Of course, ( The Corsair puffs a Montecristo cigar) Ron Howard has been lavished with praise (wink wink) by Vanity Fair as a result. Well, you have to hand it to Graydon Carter , this is a particularly inventive, possitively Nigerian way to get graft by using his position in the world. In : urlLink Scott's stereogum chronicles the Coppertone motif from ad to Magazine cover, as Carmen Electra takes over where Jim ("Voices") Carrey left off, namely, on an exposed moon. Out : Russell and Kimora , possibly-maybe on the out. We'll have to wait for the next New York Magazine. According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , "Writer Phoebe Eaton is doing a piece on Baby Phat 'designer' Kimora Lee Simmons for New York magazine ." urlLink Phoebe Eaton is a hottie. That's apropos of nothing, I just wanted to let my feelings on the subject be out there. ( ... call me Phoebe?) In : Sidney Blumenthal is partisan to the nth degree, but he is also a smart cookie, and he makes a strong argument this week against the neoconservative star in DC, which shines less brightly these days. In his urlLink column for The Guardian he writes : "Under Bush , the team of Cheney and Rumsfeld spread across the top rungs of government, drawing staff from the neoconservative cabal and infusing their rightwing temperaments with ideological imperatives. The unvarnished will to power took on a veneer of ideas and idealism. Iraq was not a case of vengeance or power, but the cause of democracy and human rights. "The fate of the neoconservative project depends on Rumsfeld's job. If he were to go, so would his deputy, the neoconservative Robespierre, Paul Wolfowitz . Also threatened would be the cadres who stovepiped the disinformation that neoconservative darling Ahmed Chalabi used to manipulate public opinion before the war. In his Senate testimony last week, Rumsfeld explained that the government asking the press not to report Abu Ghraib 'is not against our principles. It is not suppression of the news.' War is peace." urlLink We miss you, Bill , we honestly miss you ... Out : Oh, snap , Dany Levy , possibly the cutest, petitest online writers gets a bit of a beating urlLink at the hands of the evil geniuses at Lowculture today : "Either urlLink Dany Levys minions are easily fascinated or they should think about changing their meds. urlLink Daily Candy , Levy's digest of overpriced baubles and prime evidence of why Americans deserve to be hated ..." Low culture is so good, and yet so evil, like Rocky III's urlLink Clubber Lang ... we like. In : Sometimes I feel like Haley Joel Osment ... urlLink I see white people . ( The Corsair sends special thug love to socialite Topsy Taylor , and kudos to NY Social Diary's David Patrick Columbia , who we suspect, will see the humor in this) Out : My friends urlLink Lola and Patti and the always excellent Dman (hey Casey and Michael) from Papermag.com's message board came up with the clever line: 'Dude, Where's My Couture?' How right they are, as according to urlLink British Vogue : "PARIS will be a poorer place come Couture Week. Both PARIS will be a poorer place come Couture Week. Both urlLink Emanuel Ungaro and urlLink Donatella Versace have announced that they are bowing out of fashion's most exclusive week, which is set to run from July 6 - 9. The news follows urlLink Givenchy's announcement this week that it would not present a couture catwalk show, as it had not yet replaced Julien Macdonald , as well as rumours that Valentino may not be showing either. Pierre Berge , Yves Saint Laurent's long-time partner, says this is simply a continuation of a trend begun by YSL himself, followed by the likes of Thierry Mugler , Louis Feraud , Lanvin and Nina Ricci . 'I'm sure others will follow,' he told Women's Wear Daily . 'I've always said that the couture would die with Yves Saint Laurent . Now it's a domino effect. The couture has lost its raison d'etre. Couture isn't art. It's not meant to be hung in a closet like a painting. The women who wore couture no longer exist, the art de vivre that spawned couture has died. If houses such as Chanel and Dior one day get proof that they can sell as many bags and fragrances without a couture show, they'll stop couture, too." In : Miu Von Furstenberg , we love. Perhaps someday my blog and Miu's blog will get married, and beautiful mocha colored blogs will ensue. urlLink Miu is on the left coast, causing mayhem : "I'm in LA, so of course one must visit Fred Segal . A trip to Fred Segal usually entails a celebrity sighting, although with my luck it's usually the minor ones. Once again, FS doesn't disappoint. Of course I drag along my good friend urlLink Nicky Getty . "Since this is LA, I must purchase something white, so I go with a little white cocktail dress from Gucci (Robi is taking my later this week for my first spray on tan so I won't look like a ghost). It seems every third woman in LA is wearing white; it's quite disarming. While I'm making the purchase, I spot Milla Jovovich ." The Corsair grabs some salt-free popcorn and is riveted to the screen. "I'm never one who has a problem engaging in banter with a celebrity. I of course to the obligatory, "Miu: 'Are you Milla Jovovich?' "Milla: While not directly looking at me, she answers, 'Yes I am.' The Corsair mouths the words: 'It's-on-like-Grey-Poupon!' and pumps his fist wildly in the air. "Miu: While racking my brain trying to come up with a film she was in, I blurt out - 'You were the best part of The Fifth Element.' (Knowing for a fact that Chris Tucker was, but I wasn't talking to Chris Tucker.) "Milla: She smiles, and says 'Thank you.' "Miu: She obviously knows I just lied to her. But of course I press on. 'Are you ever going to record another CD? I really love your singing voice.' The Corsair cringes. "Milla: 'No. I'm sorry, I don't have time for this.' "Miu: So the loving her singing voice comment threw her over the edge. No one to back down, I slightly shout as she's walking away 'Any chance for a sequel to Joan Arc?' The Corsair is crushing so hard on Miu's gutsiness. "Milla: She turns her head briefly and I believe mouthed the word 'Bitch.' "So I guess we will never know if there will be a sequel to The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc . I turned around to sign the receipt for my purchase, and the saleswoman was just staring at me. I said, 'Well at least I didn't ask for an autograph.'" urlLink It's Miu's world , I just blog in it. Out : The Administration. Even Republicans are mad at Bush, notes Jonathan E. Kaplan of urlLink TheHill.com : "Republicans on the Hill are so frustrated with the White House that when Speaker J. Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.) criticized the administration at a House GOP meeting last week, the caucus burst into applause. "The meeting was only the latest sign in an accumulating body of evidence that lawmakers are unhappy with the way the administration treats them. "One GOP lawmaker at the caucus meeting said Hastert 'expressed outright dismay with the White House staff for the way the transportation bill had been handled. They did not give the priority necessary to the issue in resolving it as the Speaker had wanted. Its in absolute limbo.' "A rank-and-file lawmaker said: 'Hastert was frustrated and disappointed that he had not been dealt with openly and fairly and given accurate information. He was not so much speaking to the conference as he was speaking for the conference.'"

 Like Father, Like Son urlLink Adam Clayton Powell IV . There are few greater pleasures in the world than watching Harlem politics. And the upcoming battle between Adam Clayton Powell, IV and ranking member on the urlLink Ways and Means Committee, Charlie Rangel , was going to be a battle of the superheavyweights. It was slated to be hotter than urlLink Sylvia's gumbo. As the legend goes: Charlie Rangel humiliated Adam Powell's dad, the legendary Adam Clayton Powell, arguably the grandaddy of Harlem, a larger than life figure. Light-skinned, Powell passed for white, and ended up going to elite universities and moving in powerful circles. He wasa good looking man, and that helped him navigate in both the black and white worlds during the Civil Rights struggles, in Congress, representing Harlem In his later years, alas, he became corrupt (on a Nigerian-Russian scale), carousing with busty women and whiskey instead of defending Harlem's interests in Congress during the crucial civil rights era. Rangel, it is said in legend, headed the delegation to Bimini sent to seperate Powell from the booze and chicks (party pooper!). Powell, allegedy, slapped Rangel in the face during the "impromptu intervention" and said, simply, "you do what you gotta do, baby" And he did. In defeating Powell, which led to the great man's ruin on the cliffs of unfulfilled destiny, Rangel became the new biggest cat in the jungle in Harlem politics. Cut to a few decades later, the former great man's son, Adam Clayton Powell, IV, has come back to avenge the family name (like Andrew Cuomo, like George Bush the Younger). Powell was born of a Puerto Rican mother, and has a base in both black Harlem and the rising Latino demographic. Add the fact that he inherited his father's looks. The battle, as they say, was on like Gray Poupon After Powell got elected to an Assembly seat, it was only a matter of time before WW III. Even Al Sharpton, angry that Rangel didn't support his presidential bid, . urlLink threatened to inject himself on the side of Powell But the urlLink rape allegations in a seedy Howard Johnson's that sufaced against Powell may have ended the dream. Just like his dad, and, perhaps just like urlLink Andrew Cuomo and urlLink George Bush the Younger . urlLink Fathers and Sons ... Funny how generational sagas tend to repeat themselves ... ( The Corsair contemplates Bill Clinton in his harlem office, on 125th street, in the summer, contemplating the kapow booty of the ladies that stroll that way in the poom-poom shorts. This isn't anemic DC flank -- no, this is Harlemworld USDA Ground round highwater booty. The Corsair feels profound sympathy for The Passion of Bill)

 "Lindsay Lohan is a Total Snob" That significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine tells us that the raspy-voiced teen hearthrob Lindsay Lohan is letting all the fame go to her head (and not, contrary to beliefs aired on urlLink TMFTML , her chest): "'Lindsay was a total snob,' says a source on the Canadian set of her latest and most excellent flick, urlLink Mean Girls . 'She thinks she's as famous as Britney Spears . She treated the crew members like they were her personal servants, commanding them to grab her drinks.' Lindsay's natural naughtiness helped her land the part, reveals an executive with Paramount Pictures. '[Mean Girls writer] Tina Fey wanted a star like Drew Barrymore, but Lindsay nailed it on the first audition,' the source says. 'Everyone knew she was right for the role.'" "But sources say Lindsay's stardom has gone to her head. A fashion stylist who recently worked with Lindsay on a magazine shoot tells Star, 'She would take clothes off the racks and if she didn't like something, she would just throw it on the floor. She is by far the most difficult star I've styled.'" Okay, leaving aside the fact that said precvious speaker used the word "style" as a verb, there is something strangely fascinating about teen superstars and how they behave. I have a touch of the amateur sociologist about me (one could argue, frankly, that this is the primary focus of the blog), and the psychology of how a teenager behaves when the world gives them its full attention and they are liberated from family need and from financial worry, is ... intriguing (rubs hands together and chuckles like urlLink mad scientist ). urlLink Thank you Star Magazine , for answering my prayers with empirical data. Lindsay Lohan is our lab monkey (no, TMFTML , lab monkey, not love monkey): "While filming Mean Girls, the talented ( Ed. Note : The Corsair softly chuckled when he read the word 'talented' in reference to Lohan) 17-year-old singer/actress reportedly scrambled to cover up a messy car accident she got into while illegally driving around in a rented $100,000 Mercedes. Lohan reportedly tried to sneak the damaged vehicle into a repair shop, but got caught. "And recently, Lindsay reportedly tried to pick up Colin Farrell on the Paramount lot. After eyeing each other, Lohan supposedly offered Farrell her phone number -- but he declined the minor's offer ( Ed note . Lohan is under 18). Her reps deny it, but Farrell has mysteriously not commented." The Corsair Lab Notes (scribbling furiously): Rich, famous teenagers will cover up illegal car wrecks and initiate unlawful sexual encounters with other, older hearthrobs. "Then there is Lindsay's feud with her archrival Hilary Duff , 16.The starlets are said to have first battled over 16-year-old singer Aaron Carter , who was dating Lohan, but reportedly started two-timing with Duff behind Lohan's back. Lohan was said to be furious. "The pair have also become increasingly competitive for lead roles. Even after Lindsay was cast in Mean Girls , a source says Hilary's manager-mom Susan was calling to get an audition for Hilary. 'Too bad. She was never even a consideration!'" The Corsair Lab Notes: Child actor manager-parents are stupid asses. "These days, one of Lindsay's friends tells Star that the teen feels her star shines much brighter than Duff's (who's best known for Disney's Lizzie McGuire ), and now has a few films and an album in the works. 'Lindsay doesn't care about any of this. There is no competition on her part.' However, in an apparent copycat career move, Lindsay is also recording her own debut album, which some say is another attempt to steal Duff's thunder. Adds the source on Mean Girls, 'Lindsay has a major attitude problem. She'd better watch her behavior or she's going to make even more enemies.'" The Corsair lab notes conclude: Teenagers plus fame plus fortune equals picklehead.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Nudity Riders . urlLink TheSmokinggun has collected two, count them two , nougaty, nudity riders from urlLink Linda Fiorentino and urlLink Diane Lane , both respectable older actresses who have been around the Hollywood block. Linda Fiorentino's is 4 pages long! Out : Congressman Henry Hyde . The paunch, the small minded take on internationalism, the (makes disgusted hand gestures) the whole Hyde package -- (averted gaze), it just doesn't work. Now, urlLink According to TheHill the Congressman has been ahving a grand old time with taxpayer funding for a fiscal conservative: "Rep. Henry Hyde (R-Ill.), chairman of the House International Relations Committee, took 23 aides on a 13-lawmaker congressional delegation, to Ireland and Hungary last month. "There were 17 congressional staff and 6 military aides. "The high number caused consternation among lawmakers on the trip who say codels usually include fewer staff than members of Congress. "Among Hydes retinue were three of his Chicago-based district staff, including a mother and her daughter, and a military physical therapist/personal trainer who spent much of his time shopping and sightseeing with the lawmakers spouses." (Averted gaze) Now, you will remember, of course, this asshole Hyde, from Lewinskygate where urlLink his own hypocritical affair was revealed in all it's suburban smarm . Out : Sadie Frost . Jude Law's terminally melancholy ex-wife Sadie Frost got fired from her UK talk show, urlLink according to the Sun . "The series, urlLink What Sadie Did Next on Channel 4s satellite arm E4, was her first go at telly presenting and she hoped it would be a springboard to a new career. But bosses pulled the plug after eight shows. "Last night a source said: 'Sadie got a lot of criticism for being a lightweight interviewer. People just didnt warm to the sycophantic way she treated her celebrity pals on the show.' "She was supposed to use her connections to pull in A-list guests. But after kicking off impressively with GWYNETH PALTROW , things went downhill fast." Okay, we'll leave aside those of you (me included) that question the status of Gwyneth Paltrow as an A-Lister. The article continues, brutally: "The limp cast of low-rent C-listers included artist urlLink TRACEY EMIN , dope smuggler urlLink HOWARD MARKS , Hollywood madam urlLink HEIDI FLEISS and singer urlLink PEACHES ." This unfortunate news does, however, have a good side. The spare time will allow Frost to more accurately stalk Jude Law . In : Orla Healy , who will replace the excellent Libby Calloway as fashion editor of The NY Post . Calloway left the Post this past February to edit The Tennessean's Living Section. As urlLink WWD's Jeff Bercovici tells it , "The New York Post has hired Orla Healy to be its fashion editor. Healys career in fashion started in 1989 with an 18-month stint as Anna Wintours assistant. After 10 years with The New York Daily News , she joined In Style in 2000 as deputy editor, leaving in 2002 to become U.S. correspondent for The Sunday Independent , an Irish newspaper. 'Shes unique in her ability to understand both news and style,' said Faye Penn , the Posts features editor." Out : One nasty little Conde Nasty. urlLink According to the Fashionwiredaily , Bernd Runge, (doesn't the name tip you off that no good is coming up?) "the founding publisher of Russian Vogue and Vice President of Conde Nast International, was a snitch for eight years, who tattled on his own colleagues, according to Der Spiegel, Germany's leading news weekly." Apparently his code name was "Olden," as opposed to, say, urlLink Jonah . Fashionwiredaily continues: "In his file, Runge is described as 'social, a good talker and crafty.'" Which, in retrospect, makes him the perfect Conde Nasty. In : Peter Jennings , urlLink acoording to The Drudgereport , "ABC News urlLink World News Tonight with Peter Jennings attracted 8,940,000 total viewers and 3,060,000 Adults 25-54 to place first in the ratings race last week. NBC News Nightly News with Tom Brokaw placed second with 8,740,000 total viewers and 2,690,000 Adults 25-54. "The ratings mark the first time since September 24, 2001 that World News Tonight beat Nightly News in both demos with Peter Jennings and exiting- Tom Brokaw anchoring the broadcasts. Additionally, World News Tonight won four out of the five nights for the week of May 3rd, 2004."

 Deadbeat ... Lookin' For a Deadbeat! urlLink Don Johnson , 54, former star of Miami Vice and Nash Bridges , who recently filed for bankrupcy, is being accused of being a deadbeat on his bills. One would think that Sony Crockett might have more pull with Johnny Law. Apparently not; urlLink According to AP : "An Aspen grocery store has accused actor Don Johnson of leaving an unpaid bill of $5,470, according to court records. "Other Aspen businesses also are suing the (Johnson) in Pitkin County Court for outstanding bills. A list of creditors in a bankruptcy petition include $7,345 from Aspen Valley Hospital, $1,228 from Isberian Rug Co., $1,688 from Holy Cross Energy and $2,787 from Garfield & Hecht law firm. "A spokesman for the actor could not be reached for comment." (all together now): urlLink Deadbeat ... lookin for a deadbeat ... comment here or urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever

 Brad Pitt: The First Rule of Skirt Club Mel Gibson wore a skirt in Braveheart , Russell Crowe wore one in Gladiator , heck, even that dude who played Shaka Zulu wore one. Now, urlLink Reuters reports (thanks to urlLink Tom from TheMediaDrop ) that Brad Pitt believes that men may start wearing skirts in general: "Actor Brad Pitt said Sunday that fashion-conscious men may be wearing Greek-style skirts soon after his big-budget film about the Trojan War opens this week. "'... Men will be wearing skirts by next summer. That's my prediction and proclamation,' he said with a laugh. 'The film answers to both genders. We were going for realism and Greeks wore skirts all the time then.'" urlLink First rule of skirt club is you do not talk about skirt club. Comments here or at urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever .

 Platonic Symposium: Don Imus, Dierdre Imus, Larry King urlLink Or, Can Virtue be Taught? urlLink Leathery old racist Don Imus and his dingbat wife, Dierdre , urlLink on CNN with spring chicken Larry King . When three intellectuals of world-historical importance gather together, well, you can imagine the conversation -- Hannah Arendt , Plato , Ralph Ellison , Marie Curie and Confucius , surprisingly, did not come up in conversation: "DEIRDRE IMUS: It started as being an athlete and playing sports. I've never been on a diet. So this isn't about diets or what diets work or don't work. It's just about, for me, at least, eating a healthy. And the most important thing goes beyond whether you eat meat or not. It's eating organic food and eating whole food. "KING: But this is ranch food, you bill it as cowboy food, meaning. Because cowboys are associated with beef. This one's for dinner. "DEIRDRE IMUS: That hasn't changed except for at our ranch. These cowboys that work on the ranch, they don't have to stay for lunch and dinner. They want to be there. They eat lunch and dinner with all the kids. They love it. They love the food. They still eat their steaks and hamburgers and everything else. "DON IMUS: She's not against people. All of our friends are cattle ranchers. We're not opposed to people eating meat. "DEIRDRE IMUS: I don't have any vegetarian friend and I hate most vegetarians." More of this Platonic symposium urlLink here . This is not a pipe. It is, instead, a complex piece of performance art demonstrating the failure of our educational system. And, next week: Imus, Imus and King urlLink on the subject of Poetry .

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : My fellow blogger and partner in online crimes, urlLink Miu Von Furstenberg, is in Los Angeles : "Miu has arrived and will be trying to avoid any silicon spills during my extended stay. I'm unfortunately not here for pleasure (although I'm sure I will stumble upon some), it's a business thing." Miu is in LA. The air is thick with scoop. All is good in the world. Basta! Out : I will not even try to unravel the geopolitical mess that is the Chechnya situation here. Can;t do it. Too fucking complex. But lets, for a second, at least, mull it over, urlLink a la Reuters : " The leader of Russia's restive Chechnya region was buried Monday, the day after an assassination that shook President Vladimir Putin's plans to tame rebellion he sees as a threat to the fabric of his country. "Thousands of mourners attended the funeral of urlLink President Akhmad Kadyrov , an ex-Muslim cleric central to Putin's bid to pacify mainly Muslim Chechnya but viewed by rebels as a traitor. Security appeared tight at the ceremony at his home village, Tsentoroi. "Kadyrov was killed with six others by a bomb blast at a World War II victory ceremony in a stadium in the regional capital Grozny Sunday. The bomb was planted under the VIP stand where top Russian and Chechen officials had gathered." I am no fan of central asian terrorism or even the sinister means by which the Black Widows of Chechnya are using in their war, but: Why is Putin holding on to this region? Is it a matter of pride? Is it some barbaric sense that Russia's power will unravel if he lets this region of darker skinned people go? What the fuck is Putin smoking that he considers his Chechnyan War anything remotely like the United States' War on Terror? Why do Russians have such a powerful national addiction shows of force? Does this have anything to do with the suppression of the Orthodox Church, the Death of God, the rise of Communism and now, without any mitigating ethical system, the rise of Ultracapitalism ( urlLink Sopranos-style )? urlLink Is the Russian character okay with autocratic personas ? How will Putin respond? Revenge is like cold cuts ... With ultraviolence, most likely. Out : What's RuPaul up to? urlLink The blog says it all : "i have a real passion for roasted, unsalted sunflower seeds from TRADER JOES grocery store. today, while i was down there picking up my supply, i spotted the actress who played 'charlie' (the murdering, kidnapping lesbian) on the NBC soap PASSIONS. i said 'hi charlie,' and she said 'wow, i cant believe you recognized me with my new blond hair'... she was a brunette/redhead on the show." (sound of cicadas chirping in the Spring breeze) Hmmm. Time to cut some records, darling. ( Ed. Note . The Corsair is holding out hopes that the Rupe regains the "Eye of the Tiger") In : Jennifer Capriati's Hulking Arms . urlLink Scott L's most excellent blog , Stereogum gives us a peep at urlLink those massive barn door delts and massive traps of tennis star and former stoner Jennifer Capriati . Can you imagine those arms urlLink cradling the egg-shell fragile and well moused head of troubled former Friends star Matthew Perry ? Don't get Capriati angry, urlLink you wouldn't like Capriati when she's angry . And, don't get me started on whose been in the arms of urlLink Matthew Perry ... Out : Fashion Alert: Stolen Donna Karan Shwag ! Someone walked off with "pounds" of DKNY , and Donna aint having it. According urlLink to British Vogue , "A BATTLE is brewing between DKNY and the producers of Notes From New York , which appeared at the Donmar Warehouse in March, after thousands of pounds worth of costumes have gone missing." urlLink The story continues : " ... ex-RSC actor urlLink Craig Purnell , who co-starred with urlLink Paul Spicer and urlLink Julie Atherton , has held onto the contents of his stage wardrobe, according to the urlLink Daily Express . 'It makes me sick to my stomach,' a spokesman for the play's producers, who are set to commence legal proceedings against Purnell, said. 'Everyone involved with the show and all of the staff at DKNY are extremely upset by his actions. Donna and her colleagues have been so supportive of the show and to say we're disappointed in Craig's behaviour is an understatement. It's a case of gross professional misconduct, which means that Craig has not been paid and nor will he be paid unless the property is returned in the condition in which it was given to him.' Purnell's spokesman confirmed that the clothes were still in his possession but said 'the situation is being dealt with. We are obviously hoping the items will be returned.'" Hey, Craigie: return the DNKY: ASAP! ( Ed Note : you don't get to keep the shwag until after you are famous) In : urlLink Fed to Boost Interest Rates Before Election , according to Republican-pariah-monkey-boy Robert Novak : "The Bush administration has been alerted that Chairman urlLink Alan Greenspan ( Ed Note . I'm Federal reserving the right to say: That photo was taken in the fucking Coolidge era, Greenspan; you're not fooling anyone there, bro) will guide the Federal Reserve Board to a small interest rate boost before the presidential election, and President Bush is reported to be satisfied. "According to these sources, the central bank this fall will raise the federal funds (interbank lending) rate from the current historic low of 1 percent to 1.25 percent. The Fed is expected to push the rate to 1.5 percent later this year after the election, and up to 2 percent early next year." How does Novak, the self proclaimed "Prince of Darkness," King of the studied leak in DC, get this type of detailed information? Out : Carmen Kass as politkon zoon . Our philosopher queen is not all she is cracked up to be. urlLink According to British Vogue , via urlLink The Evening Standard , Carmen is indeed aware that she is not the, uhm, er, best qualified candidate for the EU from Estonia. Nevertheless : "'To Estonians, being part of Europe sounds at first like being part of the Soviet Union,' she says. 'So that is my first task - I don't have a whole lot of policies worked out. I just want to activate people to be a part of it, the political process; to educate people on what it means to go out there and take up the opportunities. I think people in Estonia realise that at least I can represent the opportunity that the outside world offers them.'" She may not have the policies worked out, people, but she, herself, is no stranger to some serious cardio.

 Henry The Intern: Topic A with tina Brown urlLink The Gawker's intrepid intern Henry breaks down Tina Brown's Topic A with elan: "'What are the chances this is going to change the minds and the convictions' of Arabs, voters, and the administration? urlLink (Foreign Affairs Editor James) Hoge hypothesized America is a superpower acting as a rogue state. Back to the pornographic imagery, what do these pictures mean for women? urlLink (bloated art critic Robert) Hughes : 'Women can be just as bad and demonic. . . the culture that generates this kind of behavior affects women just as much as men.'" Hughes then, I thought brilliantly, referenced his own book on urlLink Goya, contrasting the Master with the pornographic "hooding" sadomasochistic photos . He said that while Goya's eye was "appaled," the soldier's photos were "... done with a kind of jokey approval." Like, d'uh . Then Henry notes that Tina forgot herself, or ran out of questions, and asked the same obvious question, twice : "Tina's idea of a probing question for a tease: 'Would Camelot be possible without Jackie?' They all answer no, duh -- and Tina asks again on the other side of the break." Wake up, Tina, when cometing with urlLink Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone , you've got to be at the top of your game, on the real . Anyhoo: thanks, urlLink Henry .

 60 Minutes: General Zinni to Bushies: You Screwed Up The War There is no question that Don Hewett's 60 Minutes, where The Don is about to fade into the reddish-bronze urlLink sunset of retirement on Martha's Vinyard , has been perhaps the most influential anti-Bush media outlet. Howard Stern probably ranks in a close second, pulling the conservative ethnic Democrats as well as Republican white manual labor crowds, people who usually might normally vote for Bush, but won't. But one would be hard pressed indeed to find another media player other than 60 Minutes so consistently and brutally anti-Bush, not even the New york Times. And Sunday night's 60 Minutes continues that trend, with the clock ticking for the Bush Administration's demise. Bill Clinton's former Commander-in-Chief of Centcomm, urlLink Ret. Gen Anthony Zinni , is not happy with the way the Bushies are handling the war, urlLink according to the CBS 60 Minutes website : "Accusing top Pentagon officials of 'dereliction of duty,' retired Marine Gen. Anthony Zinni says staying the course in Iraq isn't a reasonable option. "'The course is headed over Niagara Falls. I think it's time to change course a little bit or at least hold somebody responsible for putting you on this course,' he tells CBS News Correspondent Steve Kroft in an interview to be broadcast on urlLink 60 Minutes, Sunday, May 23, at 7 p.m. ET/PT . "The current situation in Iraq was destined to happen, says urlLink Zinni , because planning for the war and its aftermath has been flawed all along. "'There has been poor strategic thinking in this...poor operational planning and execution on the ground,' says urlLink Zinni , who served as commander-in-chief of the U.S. Central Command from 1997 to 2000." This sets up urlLink Zinni to address the ongoing Civil War within the the nation at large, the Realists versus the Neoconservatives. Ironically , as it has been, up to now, Conservatives have ridiculed the utopianism and naivite ( urlLink Nietzsche and urlLink Kissinger's favorite perjorative) of urlLink the Left .They'd like to buy the world a Coke and we'd like to open markets for soft drinks in Central Asia, that sort of thing . The pendulum swings: "Zinni blames the poor planning on the civilian policymakers in the administration, known as urlLink neo-conservatives , who saw the invasion as a way to stabilize the region and support Israel. He believes these people, who include urlLink Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz and urlLink Douglas Feith , the undersecretary of defense, have hijacked U.S. foreign policy. "'They promoted it and pushed [the war]... even to the point of creating their own intelligence to match their needs. Then they should bear the responsibility,' Zinni tells Kroft. " urlLink In his upcoming book, 'Battle Ready, ' written with Tom Clancy , Zinni writes of the poor planning in harsh terms. 'In the lead-up to the Iraq war and its later conduct, I saw, at minimum, true dereliction, negligence and irresponsibility; at worst, lying, incompetence and corruption,' he writes. "Zinni explains to Kroft, 'I think there was dereliction in insufficient forces being put on the ground and [in not] fully understanding the military dimensions of the plan.'" Could there be--somehow -- a connection with an overly idealistic geopolitical philosophy and the inability to accurately predict and incorporate the military dimensions of that plan? Are idealists at a disadvantage in war, on the ground, in reality ? And does the incompetence in executing a ground war serve as a final refutation of idealist philosophy in war? I'm just saying, yo ... "(Zinni) still believes the situation is salvageable if the United States can communicate more effectively with the Iraqi people and demonstrate a better image to them. "The enlistment of the U.N. and other countries to participate in the mission is also crucial, he says. Without these things, says Zinni, 'We are going to be looking for quick exits. I don't believe we're there now, and I wouldn't want to see us fail here.' "Also central to success in Iraq is more troops, from the United States and especially other countries, to control violence and patrol borders, he says. "Zinni feels that undertaking the war with the minimum of troops paved the way for the security problems the U.S. faces there now, the violence Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld recently admitted he hadn't anticipated. "'He should not have been surprised,' says Zinni. 'There were a number of people who before we even engaged in this conflict felt strongly that we underestimated ... the scope of the problems we would have in [Iraq].'" They were called urlLink realists . urlLink CBS' 60 Minutes website concludes : "The fact that no one in the administration has paid for the blunder irks Zinni. 'But regardless of whose responsibility [it is]...it should be evident to everybody that they've screwed up, and whose heads are rolling on this?'" Perhaps this could be true of Secretary Rumsfeld , if, indeed, his effectiveness and usefulness to the Administration has run it's course. Or, as urlLink Senator Warner said last year, Rumsfeld is becoming a "millstone around the President's neck." In that instance, Rummy would resign. I have 50-50 odds that he does.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : The penultimate Soprano's episode for the penultimate Sopranos season is on Sunday night ( The Corsair rubs his hands together and chuckles softly in anticipation). Molte buono! And so it begins (munches on zeppolli). As urlLink the HBO website describes the episode , "With the feds pulling a new trump card, urlLink Adriana ponders her options. urlLink Tony B. unloads some heavy baggage on urlLink Tony , and vice-versa; urlLink Johnny Sack makes Tony an offer he can refuse; and Tony offers Carmela a deal to make her real-estate dreams come true. Don't miss the all new episode 'Long Term Parking' on Sunday May 23rd at 9PM ET." ( The Corsair digs into a plate of pounds of shrimp scampi) So, does that mean Adriana gets whacked, Ninja style ? Or does she convince Christufuh to go into witness protection or what? What heavy baggage? Were the Tony's victims of child abuse when they were younger? Is that what made them the men they are today, capish ? ( The Corsair chows down on veal marsala, making wild Mediterranean hand gestures) Out : Senator John Kerry , he of the urlLink Gilbert Stuart-like crafted face, delaying his acceptance of the Democratic nomination for strategic reasons. Bad fucking move. Already the Repubican spin machine is playing this little fiasco as another example of the flip floppy Taxachuesetts liberal's indecision and, quite frankly, lack of a core . Thirty year old bideo tape of an idealist Kerry against the war on Dick Cavett does not an exciting man make. Kerry has not yet found the G-Spot of the Democratic Party, and The Party is getting restless and unsatisfied. Why have a convention without the traditional "happy ending"? The Republicans have a point . The Conventions are geared like a NASA mission, with the candidate launched -- officially and with great fanfare -- on the last day, in prime time ; a culminating speech without accepting the nomination is, to be sure, a zipless fuck. urlLink The NY Times observes : "If he goes through with the idea, Mr. Kerry would still give a culminating speech amid the traditional pomp and circumstance of his party's convention here in late July. But he would formally accept his nomination at about the time President Bush does at the Republican convention in New York in early September, aides said. "Such a move could offset what otherwise might be a severe financial disadvantage for Mr. Kerry under the arcane rules for the public financing of campaigns. Both he and Mr. Bush are planning to use federal funds in their general-election campaigns, and thus will be limited to spending $75 million apiece on television commercials and other expenses in the fall. "But that spending cap kicks in at the moment a candidate is nominated by his party or on Sept. 1, whichever comes first, according to federal election officials. And with the Republican convention pushed back this year until Aug. 30 to Sept. 2, Mr. Bush has five more weeks in which he can spend an unlimited amount of money, while Mr. Kerry has to make his $75 million allowance last that much longer. "'Think about it,' said one Democratic strategist who spoke on condition of anonymity. 'You're John Kerry. You're raising more money than any Democratic candidate ever has, you've just this last month out-fund-raised a sitting president of the United States who's a record-breaking fund-raiser himself, and despite all of that, the clock is ticking on when you can spend that money, and you know that for more than a month, you're not going to be able to use it. It would be self-crippling not to keep raising money as long as you can.'" It would also be crippling, we cannot fail to note, if the Republicans began to attack Senator erry, who, increasingly, is allowing his campaign to appear stagnantly Al Goresque while he is out whoring for his campaign lucre. The Republican spin machine can characterize Kerry as being entirely a creature of strategy and compromise and, we must not fail to note, however regrettably, " urlLink The French Connection ." In : On a lighter, fruitier, Chateau D'Yquem note, According to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink The Sun , " urlLink Keira Knightley has admitted having cosmetic surgery. " The Pirates Of The Caribbean star has confessed she had treatment to give herself a fuller upper lip, reports The Sun . "The 19-year-old actress's treatment is similar to that which gave Leslie Ash her infamous 'trout pout'." Which is understandable considering that those loveable Brits sometimes are -- how does one say this gently -- deficient in the smackers ? Comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog , where I have been known to post. Out : urlLink Yodel-rockers: The Darkness . And I must say that this is one of the more disgusting , anatomical-biological stories I've ever blogged on, so, uhm , if you have eaten a meal in the past 10 minutes or are in the process of digestion of some repast, you might want to skip this one over . That having been said, according to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink The Sun : "The Darkness frontman Justin Hawkins has had to undergo surgery in order to save his voice from his own stomach acid." ( The Corsair dry heaves) "The flamboyant singer was forced to cancel a series of dates on the band's US tour earlier this year because of health problems. "Hawkins told The Sun : 'I had a hiatus hernia and acid reflux. Basically, there's a sphincter inside your throat, as well as up your bottom. It's supposed to control how much acid is let up into your throat. "'But mine was broken so my stomach was spitting acid into the throat. It was literally burning my voice up.' ( The Corsair nods, knowingly, mouthing the words 'that yodel' ) "Doctors warned that if he didn't have treatment, he was in serious danger of losing his voice. "The singer added: 'Doctors stuck a tube down my nose to measure the acidity. Three per cent is normal. They operate at 12%. "'But I clocked a whopping 82%. It was one of the worst cases in medical history. I was taking indigestion tablets to stop it. But they weren't working. So I had to go through with the procedure." "Although his voice is now permanently cured, Justin has been left with marks from the operation." And we, who read this story, also have been left with marks, no less acute, though less visible. In : urlLink California . Say what you will about Arnold Shwarzenegger : his urlLink 16 year old mistress , the urlLink hookers , the steroids ... Arnold did what he said he was going to do and the Democrats failed miserably at doing : and California is looking better, urlLink much better . Upgrade to Ca-lee-forn-ee-a, and the Governator. Now, go get annudder "ploh-jahb" from another ambitious young actress in the trailer. Out : urlLink Michael Moore wins the Palme D'Or in Cannes . Didn't you know that urlLink he was going to win , though? His second win in as many years. The anti-administration politics, the buzz, the French. I actually loved Roger and Me , and will see this film as well. But it was just so political and I believe Cannes should be about the Global Arts, you know , honoring films like urlLink Wild at Heart , urlLink Cries and Whispers (my favorite fucking movie in the universe), urlLink 8 1/2 , and urlLink Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon . How many years in a rown has it been that political films attacking internal United States culture have won the Palme d'Or? And I'm a moderate and I notice this. In : urlLink A royal wedding in the rain . What could be more elegant. urlLink Reuters reports : " urlLink Spain's Crown Prince Felipe has married former urlLink television presenter Letizia Ortiz in a glittering ceremony symbolising a new dawn for Spain two months after the deadly Madrid train bombings. "A torrential downpour began as Letizia entered Madrid's Almudena Cathedral on Saturday for the capital's first royal wedding in nearly a century. "But the rain did not dampen the spirits of tens of thousands of well-wishers straining for a view of the couple or watching the ceremony on huge screens in central Madrid. "'Letizia, take this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity to you...,' the prince said, at one point forgetting his lines, during a televised ceremony beamed to a billion people worldwide." Sunshine is for amateurs, it is when a marriage can endure the rain that it can last a lifetime. Congratulations to the royal couple. And also In : Jeff Zucker , urlLink getting monster buzz from the Observer : "Last week, after 39-year-old Jeff Zucker was crowned president of the newly merged NBC Universal Television Groupnow the biggest broadcasting company in Americathe only question remaining for the NBC loyalists under Mr. Zuckers management was: Why stop there? "'I think Jeff would settle for President of the United States,' said urlLink Lawrence ODonnell , a writer for NBCs The West Wing , talking about Mr. Zuckers insatiable ambition. 'He might take a rest after that.'" "But Mr. Zucker would not respond to the call to duty. "'Luckily for the United States of America,' he said on Tuesday, May 19, 'were not going to find out.'" He might want to try a pharamceutical for that self confidence problem.

 Neil Strauss and Courtney: On Picking Up The Skanks urlLink Former boytoy/walker of The Gray Lady, urlLink Neil Strauss , a low grade piece of ass, to be sure, has some rather acute comments on his general desireability in his infamous urlLink New York Times Sunday Styles piece on picking up skanks , which, sure enough, augurs prophetic in his new urlLink houseguest the embattled Court Love : "Though I am not bald, to say that my hair is thinning would be an understatement. I have indentations on either side of my forehead, which I like and believe add character to my face, though I've never actually received a compliment on them. When I look down at my pale, skinny body, I wonder why any woman would want to sleep next to it, let alone embrace it." (Averted Gaze) Anyhoo : This paragon of manliness -- an Hyperion to a Satyr --left The Gray Lady to concentrate on wifey #2, urlLink A Young Blond Skank, namely, the porn star Jenna Jameson's biography , which he is "co-writing" ( note to Jenna : Better practice the alphabet in your soup, dear); Strauss is also scheduled (anrily grabs The Cutty Sark ), if that is urlLink le mot juste , to guest appear in a porn movie, he will be fully clothed, a nurse . You can imagine the Gray Lady loved that idea. But it was not until our intrepid journalist/rock critic, our urlLink Everyman , our urlLink Siddhartha , entered an underground community known as "the community," that his luck with the ladies began to change, his personal philosophy turned inward, intensified . He begins urlLink his Odyssey thusly: Strauss : "Type 'seduction' or 'how to meet women' into a search, and you will find hundreds of sites trying to part you from your money. But the lucky few, able to wade through enticements to 'meet models now,' may find one of the free Usenet groups, Internet mailing lists or message boards where hundreds of men labor day and night to turn the art of seduction into an exact science." The Corsair Simultaneous Translator : If a geek like urlLink Francis Bacon can come up with the scientific method , surely someone has come up with pimpology 101 for geeks. Strauss : "From New York to London to Croatia places my reporting took me many of these men meet off line in groups known as lairs to discuss tactics and techniques before going out to bars and clubs to put their theories to practice." The Corsair Simultaneous Translator : The Old Gray Lady was my first ho. Strauss : "It is a world with its own jargon (A.F.C., for example, denotes an Average Frustrated Chump, P.U.A. a Pickup Artist) and luminaries known by pseudonyms like urlLink Mystery , Juggler and Formhandle. Those who manage to earn the respect of their peers through online postings or real-world prowess can make money writing e-books or running workshops." The Corsair Simutaneous Translator : The He Man Woman-Haters Club will come to order. First things first: nicknames. Now, who wants to be Maverick ? Strauss : "This has given birth to a seduction industry marketed almost entirely through online newsgroups and mailing lists. Some have turned it into a full-time career with six-figure incomes, others into a lucrative sideline allowing them to collect a few thousand dollars here and there." The Corsair Simultaneous Translator : This, true believer, is the story of how I got Court Love to live with me. Strauss : "My real-life entry into the community began when I took on a pseudonym and withdrew $500 from the bank, stuffed it into an envelope and wrote ' urlLink Mystery ' on the front not the proudest moment of my life." "I took the envelope to the lobby of the Roosevelt Hollywood hotel, where I found myself waiting with two other students (one had flown in from Australia, the other from Canada) who, like me, had arranged to spend four nights on the town with Mystery, one of the most admired men in the world of seduction. Born Erik von Markovik , Mystery is known for spitting out long, detailed posts that read like algorithms of how to engineer social situations to meet and attract women." The Corsair Simultaneous Translator : Yes, you were indeed correct. The geeks in math class were dangerous and creepy. Strauss : "In detailing his social life online, he has single-handedly invented much of the jargon and tactics that men around the world are using to meet women. "The 'neg,' for example, is his invention. Neither a compliment nor an insult, a neg holds two purposes: to momentarily lower a woman's self-esteem and to suggest an intriguing disinterest. ('Nice nails. Are they real? No? Oh, they look nice anyway.') Mystery cautions online, however, that negging is only for exceptionally beautiful women used to a steady stream of compliments." The Corsair Siumultaneous Translator : It's all based on "an adaptation of neurolinguistic programming, a school of hypnosis holding that one can communicate with the subconscious through seemingly normal conversation." Hey Court, urlLink silly dress, silly girl . Hey, why don't you come move in with me?

 David Hasselhoff: Hip Hop Gangsta urlLink According to The Sun , the Frankenstein monster-like David Hasselhoff is about to embark in a new career as a rapper: "GANGSTA pioneer ICE-T aims to turn DAVID HASSELHOFF into a rap star by producing the ex-Baywatch actors first hip hop album. "Ice who paved the way for 50 CENT and EMINEM, told me: 'The man is a legend. We are going to show a whole new side of him.' "The unlikely lads are near neighbours in Los Angeles and have struck up a close friendship. "Ice is convinced medallion-man Hasselhoff can take on the biggest names in rap. He said from a New York hotel: 'Hes gonna come out as Hassle The Hoff. 'The Hoff will surprise people with his rap skills and humour.' In other news, urlLink Page Six reports that former Scores manager Tony Lombardi has some interesting things to say about The Iceman: "Scores management is still upset Lombardi revealed that 'Ice-T liked to hang out by the ladies room at Scores and attach a string to a dollar bill and watch the girls bend over to pick it up.'" Uhm ... maybe producing the urlLink Knight Rider is an upgrade. Comment here or at urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog (Note: no blog tommorrow, work deadlines. See you Saturday)

 Bill Cosby: The Phantom Menace Something odd happens to the human consciousness once it gets on in years. All that residual psychic goo gets crystallized . The brain cavity ossifies. One becomes a curmudgeon . Eccentricity, bitterness, and the art being nasty is your lot: welcome to old age, playboy, your hip will fracture forthwith. Everything was better in ye olden days , says the angry codger: Mister, urlLink we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again . Didn't need no welfare state ( Ed Note : My sister, Elizabeth and I, BTW, used to think that Archie Bunker was crooning on about something called a "wolf estate"). Anyhoo : It was no surprise to me that urlLink Bill Cosby, EdD he urlLink who famously snubbed Wanda Sykes at the Emmy's showcasing her deficiency in, uhm, the language arts to a mortified audeience of her peers. Cosby's back ... yes he is and the old man is downright grumpy; it's like they took away his PicturePages (TM) and left him with an urlLink Easy Reader (TM ). urlLink According to Rush and Molloy , old mudfoot hisself was on a tear at the NAACP Brown v. Board of Education gala ( The Corsair covers his face for the tornado that he knows is coming up): "NAACP representatives weren't laughing during Bill Cosby's remarks Monday night at a urlLink D.C. gala commemorating the 50th anniversary of the Brown v. Board of Education decision . Cosby, who was honored for his massive donations to black colleges, had organizers gasping when he contrasted the '60s civil-rights pioneers with some of today's African-Americans. "'These people marched and were hit in the face with rocks to get an education, and now we've got these knuckleheads walking around,' he declared. 'The lower economic people are not holding up their end in this deal. These people are not parenting. They are buying things for kids - $500 sneakers for what? And won't spend $200 for Hooked on Phonics. "'I can't even talk the way these people talk: Why you ain't, Where you is' ... You can't be a doctor with that kind of crap coming out of your mouth!' Note to Bill Cosby, urlLink he of the busy sweaters : Why you aint remembering the time you did voiceoverwork for a character named urlLink mushmouth "Turning to criminal justice, (Cosby) said, 'These are not political criminals. These are people going around stealing Coca-Cola . People getting shot in the back of the head over a piece of pound cake and then we run out and we are outraged, saying, 'The cops shouldn't have shot him.' What the hell was he doing with the pound cake in his hand?" Hey, Bill, old man on a tear, what the fuck is up with referencing the pound cake? Are you hungry? The pudding pops didn't satisfy? Why the fuck is the pound cake of such cosmic import? Is Cosby morphing into Ike Turner? What? "Cosby's blunt appraisal left Howard University President H. Patrick Swygert and NAACP President Kweisi Mfume looking 'stone-faced,' The Washington Post reports."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Elizabeth Spiers gets Carter. We love us our dark Lizzie Spiers, the OG of the blogosphere, switchblade at the ready issuing extreme justice ... with prejudice. Today, she puts the oily urlLink Graydongate story into perspective : "If Carter doesn't want to be taken seriously as a journalist, this presumably isn't a problem. But Carter's dogged crusade against the Bloomberg administration (despite the fact that the overwhelming majority of Vanity Fair's readership doesn't live in New York and probably doesn't care about civic affairs in Manhattan) would seem to indicate otherwise--and even more so, his recent tirades against the Bush administration. " urlLink Carter clearly wants to have his cake (Fauchon, truffle) and eat it, too." And those pesky National Magazine Awards that Graydon cares so very much about. How does he expect National Magazine Awards if Vanity Fair itself is not taken seriously as a magazine. The Corsair will refrain from mentioning the lack of African-Americans on the cover of said magazine. Thanks Lizzie, for breaking it down. Out : Those 70s dorks . That 70s Show is just the right thing to watch after midnight, when you've just come back from the bars, or clubs, drunk, with the spins (not that The Corsair would know, uncomfortable silence). But Those 70s "stars" (ahem) are not so urlLink copacetic , urlLink according to the Page Sixers : "NOTE to celebrities: Ditch your entourages! 'That urlLink '70s Show' stars Danny Masterson and Wilmer Valderrama showed up at urlLink Bungalow 8 late Tuesday with several drunken guys. One man dressed in a suit took offense when the club's renowned doorman, Armin , showed the group to a table and placed his hand on the man's arm. The drunk snarled: 'Get your hands off me!' before 'flipping out,' according to the club's owner, Amy Sacco . Armin quickly subdued the would-be pugilist and tossed out the entire group. 'Danny and Wilmer were great and had nothing to do with it,' Sacco said. 'They were embarrassed by their friend.'" Pickleheads ! But don't you love how club owners defend stars? The Corsair , not a star but celestial in appearance and intellectual scope, is urlLink 86ed in ever bar and club in Hell's Kitchen and the East Village. In : Greg Lindsay . In today's urlLink Gothamist interview, Lindsay cops to a pretty cool story involving him, David Bowie and Sarah, the Ultragrrrl : "A few years ago I was leaving work at Inside.com with our intern (the infamous Ultragrrrl ) when we were caught in a sudden summer downpour. We sought a cab on 10th Ave., and while I was hailing one, she pointed to a man on the far side of the intersection and asked 'Is that David Bowie?' She called to him to share our cab, which was headed uptown. He got in, and sure enough, it was him. We played it infinitely cool -- idly chit-chatting, pretending he was just like us, or we like him, or something. We got out first and began jumping up-and-down screaming after the cab disappeared from view. I mentioned this story to one of Ultragrrl's friends a few months ago, and was told she edits me out of the story when she tells it now." People change , Greg. Out : Lapdances , they add up. According to the folks at urlLink TheSmokinggun.com , those lap dances are murder on the credit card bill: "Faced with a whopping $28,021 bill from a Manhattan strip joint, a business executive has filed a lawsuit claiming that he was grossly overcharged for a recent lap dance and Champagne bacchanal. In a State Supreme Court lawsuit, a copy of which you'll find below, Mitchell Blaser alleges that he is being swindled by Scores, Gotham's leading gentlemen's club. Blaser, 53, was partying with a pal last December and racking up the lap dances and very pricey bubbly (he expected an American Express bill in the two grand range). But the club says that Blaser ran up the 28k tab by ordering five magnums of Clos Du Mesnil Champagne , at $3,200 a bottle, and partaking in hundreds of $20 lap dances. Scores contends that Blaser, chief financial officer for the American division of the giant Swiss Re insurance outfit, signed receipts for every purchase." Hundreds of lap dances ? That's a whole lot of glitter and baby lotion on the trouser leg, gangster. In : urlLink LA.com's blog . Today they write: "Jeez Louise, will megasuccess mess up certain stars heads, or what? Until very recently, this blondes every project could be guaranteed to be utter crap. As for her messy personal relationships--honey, lets not touch them with a ten-foot cattle prod. But when her career nosedived, it seemed the jolt she needed to come back down to Earth. She'd scorched plenty of people along the way with her crazy mood swings, mind you, but when the road got rough, she suddenly acted so nice, so angelic to everyone, many wondered whether shed turned over a new leaf. (She actually considered selling her old LA manse and lying low in a Hancock Park guesthouse!) Now, though, TVs given her career a jolt, and shes gone right back to being a screaming, self-centered harpy spending fortunes on closets full of clothes, fretting about whether she should buy her own plane and gobbling up houses around hers to wall herself into a private compound. Like anyone would want to get near her unless they absolutely had to." urlLink Ellen Degeneres ? Out : Madonna : " urlLink According to The Sun , Madonna is back to her old "shock the bourgoisie" ways: "MADONNA is planning her most shocking stage performance yet by being 'executed' live on stage. Backstage insiders have lifted the lid on the urlLink Queen of Pops explicit new Re-Invention tour , which hits the UK this summer. "And I can reveal Madonna pushes the boundaries to new limits even by her outrageous standards. "Fans at the shows will see: "Her being 'frazzled' in an electric chair. "Images of corpses of people slaughtered in Iraq beamed on to a huge video screen. "Simulated steamy lesbian sex as Madonna tangos with a female dancer. "A parade of scantily-clad pregnant women while she sings Papa Dont Preach. "One source reveals: 'This show will make peoples hair stand on end. Madonna has pulled out all the stops to make it her most controversial yet. The electric chair scene is breathtaking.'" Madonna trying to shock people ? Who knew. In : Plump Washington Square Park Freaks. According to urlLink Lloyd Grove , the Apprentice 2 cast hired a wierdo to help them promote Crest in Washington Quare Park yesterday, And things went wrong. Horribly wrong: "It was, in fact, a disturbing and unnerving scene not calculated to enhance any brand - not Crest, not 'The Apprentice' and not Trump. "A spy tells Lowdown that after handing out tube after tube of the decay-preventing dentifrice to passersby, the 'Apprentice' team enlisted a plump 51-year-old woman to haul the unsightly empty boxes back to a nearby truck and haul back armsful of sparkling-new boxes. "For this, they offered her $20. "As the woman lumbered from the table to the truck and back - 'working her a- off,' says our spy - she was overheard mumbling, "I have to do a good job for Crest." "After about an hour, she had worked herself into a beet-faced, sweaty daze. At one point she tumbled over and began to roll around on the ground, chanting "Crest! Crest!" over and over. "'It was just spooky,' said our spy." ( The Corsair softly chuckles at the image of a plump freak working her ass off; sips his Cutty Sark gingerly, continues reading) "Finally, while the 'Apprentice' folks stood by watching, an off-duty EMT worker and an onlooker picked up the distressed woman and carried her back to the truck. But as soon as they had deposited her in the driver's seat, she started to shake - 'It looked like she was going into cardiac arrest' - and suddenly passed out cold, falling limp into the passenger side. "When she finally awoke after a full three minutes, she promptly vomited and demanded, 'Where's my money?'" I suppose it would be wishful thinking to imagine Trump waiving his short fingers into the Grenwhich Village breeze, standing among the dealers of shwag dime bags of really bad weed, saying, to all those present, in that louche outer-borough accent that reeks of garage sales in Massepequa, "Yer Fiyad!" Out : Dennis Hastert : the Speaker of the House is an Ass. urlLink Hastert, who got out of the war on a bad shoulder, lectured John McCain , who spent five years as a prisoner of war, in a Korean prison: "" urlLink If you want to see sacrifice , John McCain ought to visit our young men and women at Walter Reed and Bethesda (two Washington area military hospitals). There's the sacrifice in this country. We're trying to make sure that they have the ability to fight this war, that they have the wherewithal to be able to do it. And at the same time, we have to react to keep this country strong not only militarily but economically. We want to be able to have the flexibility to do it. That's my reply to John McCain." What an ass! In : Blogger Drama! urlLink OldHag is causing mayhem once again . A cyberstalker, one urlLink KvnJms (Kevin James?), went after Maud Newton with urlLink his site Fraud Newton . The site had all the fragrance of some wierdo shit. Apparently, KvnJms hosted it on the urlLink Foundation Center's web site . After a spirited discussion, Maud chimed in: "Hi everyone. Someone I know did the site because he thought it would be hilarious. It didn't make me laugh as much as it made me want to kill myself. It's a pretty accurate takedown of the self-indulgent bullshit I post all the time. I didn't have the nerve to tell the creator that it induced suicidal impulses. He seemed to want me to link to it, so I did. "Evidently his company was less than thrilled with the traffic and took it down." Blogger drama! Out : Bush Slipping . urlLink According to TheHill.com : "Republican members of Congress are growing increasingly concerned over President Bushs sinking approval rating and the souring public mood over the war in Iraq. "At the same time, many members say Bushs poll numbers are also affecting them by coloring public opinion about the economy and other issues more directly linked to their own re-election prospects. " urlLink A recent Gallup Poll showed Bushs job approval at 46 percent , the lowest of his presidency, and a urlLink Zogby International poll earlier this week put his job approval number at 42 percent, also the lowest of his presidency. Not since Harry S Truman in 1948 has a president won a second term with an approval rating below 50 percent." In : The Burberry fashion show benefiting the obstetrics and gynecology wing at New York-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center. urlLink Jessica Seinfeld and Sloane Barnett rocked Cipriani last night. Fashionweekdaily quoted Burberry CEO Rose Marie Bravo, "Its absolutely wonderful. Look at the turn outits amazing. Im so thrilled we were able to support the hospital and all the great work it does. And the weather certainly cooperated didnt it? Everybody should go out and buy a Burberry umbrella today." Kate Betts , Pamela Gross , Sophie Dahl , Princess Michael of Kent and Lally Weymouth (former flame of The Nation's Marxist Alexander Cockburn), among others, noshed on Bellinis and chicken salad alla Cipriani followed by chocolate souffl with crme anglaise.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Rena Xu , who writes for urlLink Monday's Harvard Crimson : " Carrie Bradshaw , heroine of TVs urlLink Sex and the City , famously remarked in the episode where she models for a New York fashion show, 'When I was broke sometimes I would buy urlLink Vogue instead of food. I felt it fed me more.' "As I recently perused my own copy of Vogue over a meal in Annenberg, it struck me that almost every female body featured in the magazine looked as if it had perhaps skipped one too many meals. Of course, this was no novel discoverythe endless pages of endless legs were little surprise. After all, models are almost always expected to fit an unhealthily tall and skinny image. What was surprising, however, was the fact that the pictures of impossibly thin, bikini-clad models appeared just pages away from an article discussing the serious battle against anorexia and bulimia fought by one of the most prominent of these models ..." Bravo. Out : Graydon Carter , beeyatch. The urlLink oily Vanity Fair editor has indeed urlLink become everything he once detested when he was a clear-eyed and writer in Spy Magazine, after a childhood yearnings of WASP writerly glamour back in la Canada , eh? Does it really matter that urlLink Graydon has done gone and sold his ass ? Certainly it does. And urlLink my nemesis Toby Young gets it just about right: "Well, as someone who worked for Vanity Fair from 1995 to 1998, I think it does matter. When I first met Graydon in 1993, he was in the pupae stage of his metamorphosis. He'd left Spy two years earlier ( urlLink the New York Observer came in between), but hadn't quite settled into his new role. He tried to give the impression that, despite being the captain of this Conde Nast flagship, he remembered what it was like to be a pirate. Two years later, when I became a contributing editor, Graydon still prided himself on not being for sale. He was contemptuous of the publicists who clamored for his attention and urged his staff to put all press releases in "the circular file." He made it a point of principle that Vanity Fair, unlike other, lesser magazines, did not grant celebrities copy approval. He encouraged his writers to remain slightly aloof from the world they were covering. "There were compromises, of course. Sometimes, to gain access to a big star, he had to strike a deal with a publicist and promise to include a less well-known client in the magazine. This D-lister would then appear on the front page of the Vanities section, a slot referred to by the staff as "blond bimbos on the horizon." "But it would have been impossible to edit the magazine without coming to some accommodations with the PR machine. Within these limits, Graydon did his utmost to preserve the independence of the magazine. He knew he was on the losing side in the battle against the culture of celebrity, but he wasn't about to surrender. "Now, however, he's in thrall to the voodoo priests and priestesses of the entertainment industry, and Vanity Fair is no more tough-minded than any other glossy magazine. The most embarrassing detail of last week's story was that Graydon recently tried to set up meetings at a number of Hollywood studios to pitch the idea of a movie based on a Vanity Fair article by urlLink Nancy Jo Sales , with himself as a producer. (Graydon had stuck a toe in the water when he was one of the producers of the Robert Evans documentary urlLink 'The Kid Stays in the Picture.') Despite the best efforts of his agent, however, only one studio granted him an audience--and passed. "As the co-founder and co-editor of urlLink Spy , not to mention an outstanding editor in chief of Vanity Fair for more than a decade, Graydon Carter was a giant in journalism. If he had traded in his professional integrity to become the head of a studio, or even for a three-picture deal, that would have been one thing. But he has sacrificed his reputation to become just another hustler scratching around for scraps from the Hollywood table. I always feared he would sell out eventually. I just thought he would have commanded a higher price." I did as well. In : The Lindsay Lohan breast augmentation theory got a, uhm, boost from that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer , which writes: " Lindsay Lohan is busting out these days. And it's not just thanks to the 17-year-old's hit movie, Mean Girls. 'There is no question in my mind that she has had breast augmentation, and I think the results are very good,' Beverly Hills plastic surgeon Dr. Wallace Goodstein tells Star. 'It looks like she has saline implants, which have taken her from a size A or small B to a size C or small D. The bigger breasts look very natural, which is what surgeons aim for,' adds Goodstein, who does not treat Lohan. When contacted, Lindsay's rep Leslie Sloane Zelnik laughed it off, saying she's 17 and still growing. But Star got a second opinion anyway. 'What you see is what you've got,' says New York-based cosmetic surgeon Dr. Geoffrey Tobias . "It would seem to be obvious... that she did have breast augmentation.'" Or, as they might say at urlLink Whatevs.org , so obvs . Out : urlLink Grown men running around Central Park in diapers ? Say wha? What the fuck ? Blogger, please. In : urlLink Polly Jean Harvey's new video, The Letter (link via urlLink Stereogum ). The Corsair likes his women like he likes his coffee: strong and dark. urlLink PJ Harvey , dancing in her black dress by the window in the night is an image that sexily haunts. Out : Travel, unless, of course, you can make it into a performance art, like Massimo Redaelli has. According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , "Ive become an expert on traveling. My trips are the ultimate in performancethey are all calculated down to the minute. And everything is done to maximize my time, since traveling is just a waste and loss of valuable time." "...Massimo Redaelli has the kind of action-packed, glamorous life that puts most corporate execsnot to mention bona fide jet-setters-- to shame. As International VP of IMGs European Fashion division, this Italian-born 38-year-old is traveling non-stop between London, Paris, and Milan, but thankfully, hes mastered the art of the high-end, hassle free viaggio. Hes got British Airways' 'Special Services' on speed dial (no ticket or passport lines, thank you very much), two sets of Vespas parked in London and Paris (the quickest way to make an airport connection), an impossibly chic wife ( French Vogues contributing editor Masako Kumakura ) whipping up authentic Japanese meals for him at his enormous Avenue Victor Hugo apartment in Paris, and a supremely well-connected 'roommate' in London (art curator Alannah Weston, whose daddy owns Selfridges and Fortnum Mason ). Basically, Massimos on a non-stop, never-a-dull-moment ride that takes him from the well-appointed boardrooms of Milan fashion giants in the morning to power lunches mid-day to the hottest table at Londons Cipriani restaurant for dinner." In : Are you a urlLink Neoconservative (link via Memefirst)? This quiz from the urlLink Christian Science Monitor is pretty definitive, for a non-scientific quiz. BTW: The Corsair scored "Realist." Also In : Did you, by any chance, read urlLink this New Yorker article on the search for Architeuthis ? Fucking amazing. The New Yorker has gotten so interesting of late, no?

 Best of The Corsair It's a slow week, what can I tell you. The DC-LA-NY power nexus is about as exciting as John Kerry's campaign. So, if you are new or not-so-new to this blog, I'll serve up some pipin hot Best of ... back when there was actually interesting news going on: urlLink The Corsair takes on Al Sharpton on SNL Oh yes (devilish grin widens, The Corsair rubs hands together) ... oh yes. The funniest guy at the otherwise regrettable Democratic Party debates is taking his shtick up in Lorne Greene's bitch . The stars are all aligned in forming a cosmic happy face. The wise men are coming from the east bearing gifts of Frankincens e and Myrr . It's Christmastime in the city and on Saturday Night, urlLink Al Sharpton is going to help us all get a laugh on. " Paris Hilton ," report Rush and Molloy , "who has canceled all interviews, will join guest host the Rev. Al Sharpton and musical guest Pink on Saturday Night Live." So much the better. That's right : Al Sharpton's hosting that countercultural Baby Boomer strong hold Saturday Night Live; and, coincidentally, his own pimp hand is also strong . The Corsair is salivating at the thought of Harvard Lampoon writers trying to not trip over themselves writing for the Reverend, who needs little help in cracking up an audience. There are so many ways we can go with this: "11:32: Opening Skit. Flashback: Sharpton debates patrician Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan (played deftly by Darrel Hammond) for Senate in 1994. A rhyming Sharpton engages in (makes Italian hand gesture) " the dozens ," while Moynihan, in vain, tries to steer the debate towards urlLink Iatrogenic Government . Hilarity ensues. "11:40: Al Sharpton medallion skit. The secret origins of Al's eye-catching medallion. Apparently it has come down from from an ancient African civilization of hustlers. The medallion imparts the gift of gab and urlLink is powered by solar energy . "11:50: Al Sharpton: The Early Years. Driving around in "Tha Drrty South" doing doughnuts late at night with James Brown in parking lots. Hair coiffing techniques are discussed. urlLink Mobb Deep's Violators plays sinister-like in the background. "11:55: Weekend News. Anchors Tina Fey and Jimmy Fallon , telling Sharpton jokes, are interrupted by ... a slow walking ... upset ... you got it: Rev Al Sharpton ! Oh no, they didn't! "12:05: President Al Skit: What would happen if Al Sharpton won the Presidency? Pink Performs "Get The Party Started" at the Inauguration, as Al gets his boogie on, Harlemworld-style . Shuttle diplomacy over to solve the East Coast /West Coast gang friction; Al uses linkage, and a urlLink thorough knowledge of the balance-of-power-politics . Al brings peace to the Middle East by chatting up his love of James Brown's early music, drawing a bipartisan sing along ending with Sharon and Arafat joinging together for a stunning rendition of " urlLink Hot Pants ." Al Sharpton marries a gay couple ( Maya Rudolph and Rachel Dratch ) in the White House, and brings together both left ( Amy Poelher in hippie garb) and right (Jimmy Fallon in an evangelical preacher garb, wet from baptism)in a sermon on that funny thing called love , over some down home urlLink Sylvia's soul food ("love is like ... urlLink this pickled Okrah ", "preach it Al,"). "12:10: Pink performs. Sharpton, drunk on attention, does back up vocals on ' urlLink Hooker' uninvited. Pink is not impressed. "12:30: Paris Hilton- Al Sharpton tape surfaces, making the rounds at office Christmas parties. On tape Al is shown answering his cell phone and posing lewdly for the camera. Al tries to escape the media spotlight by heading home to Harlem, unfortunately, guys on 116th Street accost Sharpton for "getting with a girl that don't have no ass." "12:45: Reality show. Al Sharpton must spend a month in The Hilton's world, attending premiers, walking past the velvet rope-- scantily clad. Sharpton must hold Hilton's teacup chihuahua Tinkerbell . Moral of the story? In the end, a teary eyed Sharpton confesses that 'a kid from the streets ... cannot manage this much papering.'" "1:00: Signs off with a pajama party reading urlLink Twas the Night Before Christmas to Pink and Hilton." urlLink Tim Robbins Versus Tucker Carlson In this month's urlLink InStyle Magazine , tough guy lefty Tim Robbins does his best to appear all lighthearted and superficial. I mean, what better place to look vapid and harmless than in InStyle, which features, among other things, serious discussion about "Cindy Crawford's smouldering glam eye makeup" and "Colorful Yoga Bags." What the fuck?! Anyhoo : The Timster almost pulls it off. Almost. The thimble deep magazine has the timerity to asks him about bowties ... and something goes horribly awry. Never ask Tim Robbins about bowties. He gets emotional. Gauntlets are thrown. See for yourself: Tim Robbins : Bowties are for waiters Robin Sayers : That's not what (Crossfire's) urlLink Tucker Carlson thinks. Tim Robbins : Tucker Carlson can kiss my ass. ( The Corsair ponders the hugely disturbing visual for a moment, then resumes blogging) urlLink The Zenith of the 80s It is my theory that the 80s ended when Rob Lowe, playing Billy in St. Elmo's Fire, got on the greyhound at the end of the movie. More on "The Fire": "Riding his bike in the pouring rain to a delightful uptown (DC) dinner party, (Emilio Estevez) presses his soaked nose to the windowpane, sucking in every inch of (Andy McDowell's) coltish beauty. Unable to restrain himself, he crashes the do, squelches in and approaches (her). She turns and drawls, 'How are yew?' His agonized reply: 'I'm obsessed, thank you very much.' urlLink Figuring she's the kind of gal who's turned on by a high roller, he uses the home of the Korean lobbyist he's working for to throw a loud, lurid party in her honor. When she fails to show, he tracks her all the way to a ski lodge where she's, of course, weekending with a concerned medic. She tries to let him down gently, saying she's flattered, whereupon he grabs her and lays a big deep sucking kiss on her. "This has the effect of transferring his infatuation. She's left shivering in the snow, her womanhood awakened. He speeds off whooping and punching the air in triumph." Jonathan Bernstein , urlLink Pretty in Pink . When did the 80s end? "Somewhere in urlLink Secret History Donna Tartt says rightly that the magical weekend always officially ended with the urlLink Wonderful World of Disney , at 7pm on Sunday night. That's when one did one's homework. Officially the 80s ended the moment Rob Lowe gave Demi Moore his urlLink St. Elmo's Fire speech . The decade ended when Billy intoned: "This isn't real. You know what it is? It's St. Elmo's Fire. Electric flashes of light that appear in dark skies out of nowhere. Sailors would guide entire journeys by it. But the joke was on them. There was no fire. There wasn't even a St. Elmo. They made it up. They made it up because they thought they needed it to keep 'em going when times got tough. Just like you're making up all of this. We're all going through this. It's our time on the edge." Just like that with that gravelly world-weary voice: it's our time on the edge. And with that, the 80s abruptly ended as Billy took the Greyhound bus out of Georgetown with his loaded six string on his back. Lowe always knew that you leave a party while the gettings good: look at how he exited the West Wing before it urlLink jumped the shark . urlLink Who is Ron Mwangaguhunga?

 New CEO For Chateau D'Yquem "How can I convince you what you see is real Who am I to blame you for doubting what you feel I was always reachin', you were just a girl I knew I took for granted the friend I have in you "I was living for a dream, loving for a moment Taking on the world, that was just my style Now I look into your eyes I can see forever, the search is over You were with me all the while" urlLink Survivor, The Search Is Over According to urlLink Fashion Wire Daily , Chateau D'Yquem is getting a new CEO: "Luxury goods giant LVMH, the main shareholder of Chateau d'Yquem, has appointed Pierre Lurton CEO of the most legendary dessert nectar on the planet. "Chateau d'Yquem, consisting of 250 acres producing just 500 bottles per acre of intense, delightfully luscious sauternes, was classed as an exceptional premier grand cru in the famed classification of 1855. "Though taking over at d'Yquem, Lurton will continue to manage the estate of Cheval Blanc, the Saint-Emilion class A premier grand cru, once described by wine connoisseur Hugh Johnson as, 'delicious young, and lasts forever.'" When did The Corsair first encounter Chateau D'Yquem? Oh yes, it was 1990, The Corsair was a freshman at college, dating a classmate who introduced said young man to the light and fruity pleasure in a Sheep's meadow on a misty Southern Vermont Spring afternoon (where are you now, I wonder, Maura). She had been saving it for just such an occasion. And now it is impossible to disentangle the Spring of 1990 with that bottle we shared, and what came after. The Corsair encountered it again, years later, in Annapolis, Maryland. His tatses had become more refined and so he enjoyed it all the more so. It reminded him of what he was, and what he had become. Congratulations to Pierre Lurton , the new helmsman of a brand that holds such good memories for so damn many Corsairs (drains glass in one sitting). And to the Spring of 1990. (I know .. it's been a slow week)

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Ladies and gentlemen: Heeeere's ... urlLink Viscountess Grace Jones , slave to the rhythm (Grace is our second favorite sassy mamma, the first being, of course, the queen of sass herself, urlLink Oldhag ). Is there even such a thing as a British peer of African descent? Don't they disown people for similar social misdemeanors (averted gaze)? Anyhoo , urlLink according to the style wonks at British Vogue , "super-icon GRACE JONES is courting the ultimate fashion status symbol - a title. Party boy and social commentator Nicky Haslam is telling anybody who'll listen that the 56-year-old Amazonian actress is planning to marry his cousin, urlLink Viscount Ivor Wimborne . 'A final date hasn't been set, but Ivor is as in love as ever,' Haslam told urlLink The Daily Telegraph , adding that Jones had already ordered her dress and a urlLink Philip Treacy hat for the big day. 'It's unusual to sort out the dress before the date, but that's Grace,' he went on. 'People have been saying they'll marry at his home in Northamptonshire, but it wouldn't surprise me if they got hitched somewhere really hip instead.'" Grace is about 20 years older than the 35 year old aristocrat, and she has been married three times previous. Her milkshake pulls all the urlLink boys in Debretts . Out : Justin Timberlake . Frankly, The Corsair lost all interest in Timberlake when he ran away from the urlLink Janet Jackson nipplegate flak like a true punk; he lost all his street cred, his pimp juice. But urlLink The National Enquirer says , and enquiring minds really do want to know, that Justin turned down an autograph for two ten year old kids who had worked up the courage to ask him for the better part of their dinner: "The girls -- both under 10 years old -- plucked up their courage to ask Justin for his autograph as the couple ate dinner at Dakotah's restaurant in Delray Beach on April 30. "But they were crushed when the handsome pop star snubbed them! 'Justin was so involved with Cameron that he just said no when the little girls asked him,' a source told The ENQUIRER." Now ... was that Justified? Justin Timberlake ... urlLink gets the gas face . In : Vasaline , that viscous petroleum jelly, so very in; at least according to the wags at urlLink TheSmokinggun.com : "Meet Robert Chamberlain . The 44-year-old Virginia man was arrested earlier this month and charged with felony criminal mischief for damaging a Motel 6 room in upstate New York. But Chamberlain, who has spent time on the pipe, wasn't breaking windows or throwing the television off the balcony. He was nabbed for slathering Vaseline on every single thing in Room 205--mattresses, pillows, sheets, furniture, carpeting, blankets, the TV, etc. A motel clerk discovered the damage after Chamberlain checked out and called the Broome County Sheriff's Office. When Deputy Kevin Smith arrived, the greasy m.o. rang a bell--a couple of weeks earlier a room at a nearby Super 8 was also apparently slimed by Chamberlain (though the owner declined at the time to press charges). A check of Room 205's trash turned up 14 empty containers of Vaseline, drug paraphernalia, cocaine residue ..." ( The Corsair shivers) I'm sorry, I just can't continue with this story in this vain. I was dreaming when I blogged this, forgive me if I go astray. Out : urlLink Jimmy Fallon made his last appearance on SNL, and is now headed out to the world of film, cautiously, like the fox, or urlLink le renard in French . urlLink According to Page Six : "The cuddly comic played down his heartthrob image by turning down big roles in teen movies (he was offered the Josh Hartnett role in '40 Days and 40 Nights,' for example) in favor of smaller parts in urlLink Woody Allen's 'Anything Else' and urlLink Cameron Crowe's 'Almost Famous .' Last Saturday's show, co-hosted by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen , was Fallon's last. 'Being a cast member on Saturday Night Live was a childhood dream come true,' he told (Page Six)." ( The Corsair follows the reasoning closely) Fallon resurrects the dying SNL brand; burns no bridges in the process, cultivates a hearthrob image, and moves from small parts from indies on up. ( The Corsair nods, a urlLink Machiavellian smile procedes along his African face) Smart . In : Catwoman , the impending biggest bomb in the history of film. urlLink Scott Stereogum's pimp hand is strong , and his crystal ball is clear as to the portents of the future. You know when you saw that urlLink freaky tumor-like catwoman mask on Halle Berry , with the tits and ass revealing costume (and how is she supposed to deal with the criminial element in that outfit?), the shark was circling her career, ominously, with the urlLink John Williams Jaws soundtrack growing louder . Someone call homeland security, Catwoman is a bomb !! The Palestinian Liberation Organization is sending people over to study the mechanics of catwoman for further research. okay, enough (although I could go on forever) Out : April Lavigne is not cool ( The Corsair shakes his head and makes urlLink the gasface ). Never has been, probably never will be. But urlLink Amy Poehler's impression of the angsty angry grunge rocker is very very cool; urlLink it's so choice , I highly recommend it. Apparently Lavigne realizes that she is quickly becoming a joke and is nipping it in the bud, urlLink according to Ananova , it was all a case of bad nutrition: " Avril Lavigne says lyrics in her songs were angry because she was eating the wrong kind of food. "Lavigne, who is currently promoting her new album, Under My Skin , says she was 'eating bad stuff, lots of sugar and carbohydrates, junk food all the time.' "The Canadian singer added: 'It makes you very irritated. I spent some time with a nutritionist and learned I had low blood sugar. Now I eat accordingly.'" In : Sure, urlLink Naomi Campbell is the skankiest girl in all the world (averted gaze), but when has that ever stopped a man in l'amour (goes to the window, looks out listlessly, melancholy)? She is so round .. so firm .. so .. urlLink fully packed . Anyhoo : urlLink her 34th birthday party for 800 of her closest friends sounds like our cup of tea. Obvs . urlLink According to Hello!: "Invitees who have been instructed to wear red or white will jet into the celebrity hotspot for the three-day party, which will include a show by famed performance troupe urlLink Cirque du Soleil . Few other details about the extravaganza, which is being organised by the catwalk star's friends and family members, have been disclosed, but Naomi has revealed she'll be wearing an exclusive gown by Alexander McQueen . "While many models might be coy about getting older, the sexy British cover girl, says she has no problem with the number of candles on her birthday cake. 'I'm 34 years old and proud of it,' she declared. 'I never lie about my age.'" I'll forgive the fact that she has Cirqu du Soleil at her party, which is really tacky, for the fact that she is so goddamned hot , she lies in beauty ... even in her skankitude.

 The Girly Helen Gurley Brown That significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine interviewed Helen Gurley Brown, and the results were fascinating. Here are some highlights: " Star Magazine : Burt Reynold's centerfold in urlLink Cosmopolitan's April 1972 issue was hot! What did he think of it? " Helen Gurley Brown : He said we kept him from having a great movie career -- I think that was a little ungrateful of him! " Star Magazine : Why did you choose him for the inaugural spread? " Helen : It's that hairiness that's so sexy! He looks primitive!" Simultaneous Translator : We were competing with National Geographic. " Star Magazine : Do you think Cosmo readers would like to see Donald Trump bare all? " Helen : I don't think people would mind seeing him naked. In fact, in the '90s I asked Donald to be a centerfold, but he didn't want to do it. There was no official reason. He just said no." Simultaneous Translator : Trumps rump is a pasty pink urlLink glutinous mass of capitalist excess (for further reference, see urlLink Steve Forbes ). " Star Magazine : You write about rubbing Smirnoff on your body. What's that about? " Helen : I did it with scotch! Alcohol is cool on the body. The best part is if you're having a kind of sexy date, you can drink some of the alcohol and use the rest for the rubdown." Simultaneous Translator : Back in the day, Helen Gurley Brown was a freaky ho.

 The Republican Party Spiderweb Snares Kerry Damn , the Republican pimphand is strong, urlLink according to TheHill.com . Extreme competition develops some master strategists, with layer upon layer of Machiavellian intrigue covered by urlLink Metternichian machinations , enshrouded in rich urlLink Richliieuesque trappings . According to TheHill, the Republican strategy extends into the Senate, and making Kerry look bad there, urlLink Geoff Earle writes : "The one-vote defeat of an extension of unemployment benefits last week has sparked fear among Democrats that Republicans have developed a legislative model that will cast Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) repeatedly in a bad light before the election. "The extension needed 60 votes to pass in the Senate, and 12 Republicans made sure the final tally was 59-40, with only one absentee, presidential candidate Kerry. "At least one Republican senator, urlLink Elizabeth Dole (N.C.) (Ed Note: sugarlips), was prepared to switch to a 'no' vote to make sure the measure was defeated even if Kerry returned to cast his vote, a Democrat charged. "Even if Dole had stood firm, observers on both sides believe the GOP leadership would have been able to turn other Republicans to ensure defeat. "But by calculating the vote to a nicety, the GOP managed to make Kerry appear to be responsible for the defeat because he was a no-show." Evil genius. One can almost hear the laughter of Henry Kissinger over his flabby flesh roasting in urlLink Dante's inferno .

 Smackdown: Dick Morris vs Bill Clinton From urlLink Behind the Oval Office , by urlLink Dick Morris p. 64-5: "At about midnight, (then Governor Bill)Clinton joined Hillary, Gloria Cabe, his campaign manager, and me in a cozy breakfst room off the kitchen. My polling (for a 1990 gubernatorial reelection fight) showed that McRae offensive (Bill's ooponent) had dropped Clinton's share vote to a meage 43 percent. Generally, when an incumbent's share of the polls dropped below 50 percent in the polls, it means he is likely to lose ... Clinton's temper got the better of him. Exhausted, worried, and angry, he exploded. 'You got me into this race,' he screamed, 'so you could make some extra money off me. That was the only reason. And now you give me no attention, no attention at all. I'm about to lose this election, this primary, against a nobody' ... Clinton has a terrible temper ... In pain and facing that harsh criticism, I lost my temper too. If he was too hasty in his criticism, I was too sharp in my reply. Storming out of the breakfast room through the kitchen toward the door outside, I rallied, 'Thank you, thank you, thank you. You've just solved my problem. I'm getting shit from Atwater and shit from Lott for working for you, and now I can solve my problem. Go fuck yourself. I'm quitting your goddamn campaign, and now I am a free agent. I can be a fifty state Republican and don't have to take your shit.' "Clinton charged up behind me as I stalked towards the door, grabbed me from behind, and wrapped his arms around me to stop me from leaving. I slipped to the floor. Hillary helped me to my feet. The moment I stood up Clinton became apologetic. 'Don't go, don't go I'm sorry. Don't go, I;m sorry,' he said as I walked out the door, slamming it behind me.. Hillary ran after me to calm me down. She put her arms around my shoulders and walked me around the grounds of the mansion. "Please forgive him," she pleaded. 'He's under so much pressure. He didn't mean it. He's very sorry. He's overtired, he hasn't slept well in days. He's not himself. He values you. He needs you,' she repeated. "I calmed down enough to drive to my hotel, and I called Eileen (his wife) shaking in rage. Later Hillary called to tell me how much Bill wanted me back. Then he came on line to apologize ... I couldn't leave Clinton three weeks before his primary, but from then on I dealt with him in a formal, almost frosty way. I stopped calling him Bill, always adressed him as Governor, and left when our meetings were over rather than hang around and chat."

 Best Of Corsair We have some new readers, so I'm going to recycle some of the better posts I've made over the past six months: urlLink RZA is Crazy The Corsair has many media obsessions but one of his favorites is RZA . The RZA is crazy. Nutso. He eats ungodly amounts of colloidal silver, even proffering it to his offspring need we say more? One day RZA and urlLink his babies are going to turn blue from a colloidal silver overdose and then people will take me seriously. Anyhoo : here's what he had to say to FHM: FHM : How strong is your Kung Fu? RZA : "Strong, but I've never used it. One of my uncles trains CIA agents. He was offended I was learning from someone else, so he showed me this one move. He said, 'I could cripple you.' I believed him but he had to prove it. I was hurt for three months." Okay ... leaving aside the implausibility that one of RZA's uncles is in the intelligence gathering business, how many people out there have familial relations that whisper urlLink Moon Knight-like threats. Being family is not about crippling one another. The interview concludes: FHM : Is there an RZA sex tape out there? RZA : I don't leave evidence like that. I form the lense with my hand, look through it and tape record with my mind. What-the-fuck?! urlLink Trump Loves Pennies "I'm not a big fan of the handshake ... I think it's barbaric, shaking hands, you catch colds, you catch the flu, you catch this, you catch all sorts of things." If you identified Donald Trump as the author of this oft-repeated riff then you are dead on. The trouble is that it doesn't mesh with a comment he made to FHM in the March issue. Check out this slice: Trump : If I see a penny on the sidewalk, I always pick it up, because, psychologically, I want to do that." FHM : Seriously? Trump : Absolutely. I do it all the time. That's the way I am. Okay, leaving aside the fact that this is utter and complete bullshit, lets zero on the whole penny-hygiene thing. Donald Trump, worth, roughly $2 billion bending over, ass akimbo, picking up Abe Lincoln's from the gritty expectorate laden Midtown streets. And yet he will not shake hands? Priceless. urlLink Samuel L. Jackson's Subway Nightmare In the March 2004 urlLink FHM Magazine , Samuel L. Jackson tells this harrowing tale of the urlLink evil subway . A "very special" Corsair: " I was riding the A train late at night. I was getting off the train and there was a woman in front of me who had some shopping bags, and one broke. I stopped, very un-New York like, and helped her pick up her stuff. When the door closed, I had one foot in the subway, and one on the platform. Luckily for me I was in the last car. As the train took off, I was snatched off by my feet and my body twisted, ripping all the shit in my knee. I was dragged along, dodging the poles and I couldn't get my shoe off. Eventually somebody pulled the emergency chord which stopped the train. I didn't find out until a year later when I was in court that the reason it took so long to pull the chord was that the guy who did was on crutches." urlLink That was Steven Brill All Over From James Cramer's autobiographical urlLink Confessions of a Street Addict , on mini mogul Steven Brill : "(Brill) never did know when to quit, though, and could not bear to lose at anything. At the firm's summer outing at Brill's Westchester mansion, he divided us into teams, placing us in his pool, and insisted we play a vicious game of water polo where dunking was encouraged and expected. He relished the contact, being a head taller than just about anyone else on the opposing squad, including me. Just as I was about to score what would have been the tying goal for my team, Brill sank his teeth into my throwing arm , spouting blood into the clear water in a steady stream. As everyone looked on in horror, I could only laugh. That was Steve all over." The Corsair is currently in the fetal position, knees touching his pronounced cheekbones, rocking himself back and forth, mumbling over and over again, "the New York media will be the end of me..." urlLink The Corsair's Remote Control Tour Diary There are over 500 cable channels nowadays, so who better to give you a tour of some of the major ones? Anyhoo : 500 channels means "niche marketing." And with all those niches, things can get confusing as to what is being marketed. So, The Corsair will help the viewer through the wonderful world of cable with these pithy explanations, In Media Res: TNT : Lousy with Middle aged Testosterone. A musky-smelling channel. Bruce Willis and Steven Seagal action flics and basketball. Big in New Jersey. CNN : Used to be a channel for Kings and Queens and heads of state, but of late it is the channel for cranky retired people with an angry opinion on everything political ("Those libs are holding up Medicaid!"). Poor CNN: They used to wine and dine with kings and queens, but now they are laying in the gutter eating pork and beans. Lifetime : A channel earnestly devoted to the smouldering resentments of Midwestern housewives. Husbands are to blame in most of these story lines. Anger is the predominant emotion. Hollywood has not been kind to Nancy McKeon . Hell hath no fury like Joanna Kearns scorned! Family Channel : The channel devoted to Christians in a nuclear family with a conviction that human history has a purpose beyond this world. Halleleuia. Lots of Mary Kate and Ashley films, which, ironically, attract a very different sort of crowd than the ones that these cats are aiming after. CNBC : This channel serves as "White Noise" for the various strip joints in the Wall Street and financial district vicinity. As your Bud Fox-like trader with a "Lawng Island" accent sips a Stoli on the rocks on his lunchbreak, sniffing his "Bolivian white Powder" ("Vitamin C"), getting a "friction dance" from his favorite "dancer," he can look over her shoulder, casually, and catch a brief glance at just how the markets are doing, and get a gauge on when he should return to the office. A&E : An elderly folks network with lots of Murder, She Wrote, and "original" films like "Horatio Hornblower," for viewers who can remember their glorious years of service in the British Imperial navy policing those hectic colonial ports. ( urlLink more Remote Control Tour Diary ) Tyson versus Wesley Snipes Tyson vs Snipes "One night after (Mike Tyson's girlfriend) Hope had visited MT (Mike Tyson) in his LA apartment, he told me to follow her. She had left earlier than usual, telling him that she had to visit a friend. He wanted me to find out where she went, if she made any calls, if she talked to anybody, everything that she did after leaving him that night. So I grabbed the black Lamborghini Diablo and kept a safe distance ... At Roscoes, a soulfood hangout in downtown LA, she parked, got out of the car and walked over to a black Lexus ... her friend turned out to be actor Wesley Snipes. "(Tyson) was paging me. I called him back to let him know the situation ... Less than ten minutes later, he pulled up in a yellow Testarosa, accompanied by a new bodyguard Anthony Pitts. Anthony was a former professional football player, stood about 6'7, and weighed in around 250. Tyson jumped out of the Ferrari. "...When Hope caught sight of him, she practically fell out of Snipes lap and onto the floor. The actor froze then waved a hand"'Now, Mike, now, Mike, we can do this together. I dont want no problem. "'Let's go into the bathroom!' Tyson snapped. "When I returned from the parking lot, I noticed Anthony was blocking the bathroom door. A couple minutes later we heard a big noise inside, and then Tyson emerged alone. "After he was gone, I cracked open the bathroom door. Wesley Snipes was sitting against the far wall, head tilted to one side, unconscious (italics mine)." urlLink The Inner Ring , by Rudy Gonzalez , p.58-9 I suppose Time Magazine's Joel Stein is an urlLink okay kind of guy . I've never met him. He seems to have a bit of a wit, however dry, for someone who works at Time Magazine, the world's capitol of gravitas and all that. In the end, there is nothing wrong with Joel Stein that a robust multivitamin couldn't remedy. But what was he thinking when Trio TV gave him the urlLink gig of a lifetime ? I mean, who wants to watch endless hours of Battle of the Network Stars? I mean, seriously, who even watched Battle of the Network stars back then, when Telly Savalas and Gabe Kaplan had juice? Not me: and I was ever the hip 6 year old. Who loves ya, baby? Now, If Laura Zalaznick of Trio Tv called The Corsair tommorrow (call me, Laura, call ... me ...) and asked: What low budget high quality shows would you program for Trio TV ? Remember, we only have a fraction of the network budgets, but we want high quality. I would say: Laura, have you ever read my blog? I am all about low budget high quality. Anyhoo : These are some of my picks: urlLink Dummy . Gritty 70s drama of urban social decline -- thanks, Ed Koch ! Asshole! Koch turned NYC into a Guns n Roses video, with Mr. Brownstone creeping around Central Park in a raincoat with nothing on underneath. Get this plot, though, peeps: LeVar Burton plays a deaf and dumb mute who is framed for the death of a prostitute ( Kuta Kinte , you are a framed man!). But will we get justice from the man? Will a young Paul Sorvino get him redemption when he cannot even communicate with his client? Or will "Dummy" just become another urban statistic on the Koch street? Despite the overall bleakness, this a very, very cool social commentary. Mast erpiece Theater : urlLink Last of the Mohicans . No, not the cheesy Michael Mann MTV video with Daniel Day Lewis and Madeline Stowe giving florid, overproduced romance. No, this one was the real deal. The French and Indian War, my little pomegranates. Colonial wars involving trappers and Native Americans dressed in coonskin and caribou, muskets at the ready. The Massachusetts Bay Colonizers and what not. Dodgy alliances, snow and muskets -- we're talking the French and Indian War, people, work with me here. The drama, fo' shizit. For some bizarre reason the Masterpiece Theater programs made in the 70s -- arguably the best programming of all time -- languish in someone's vault, uncherished and unsung. American history geek? (raises hand sheepishly) "adsum". urlLink Alice : I've always wondered if this was a comedy or a tragedy, or perhaps that significant 70s artistic construct, the "dramedy." Single mom who sings Bradway showtunes working to support her kid in Arizona on diner tips. Fuck! I'd imagine that singing "There's a New Girl In Town" ought to get those coffee refil tips rising into the stratosphere, like an Irving Berlin tune, out there in Phoenix . I'm sure the serial killer truck drivers on their way to the Pacific Northwest on one hours sleep, a thermos of coffee, a gullet full of crank and a meat cleaver at the ready are really up and around to hearing broadway medley's at Mel's Diner, no? ... No Better yet, Alice Hyatt , thou repository of Standards of the Great White Way, stick with Florence "Flo" Castleberry's crafty encomium: a leathery oversexed outlook on truckstop flings and a pipin hot "kiss my grits!" to the cheapskates. Imagine if that show were pitched nowadays. Only David Lynch would finish such a scenario. Without the laugh track, Alice could be an American drama drenched in pathos, like Dreiser's Sister Carrie. Take away the laugh track, throw in some creepy Lynchian music, and you've turned a dramedy into Americana horror. Alice would end up on nthe evening news and Lil Tommy would be shackin up with dingy Vera faster than Mel could re-lard his pork chops. No ... Alice doesn't live here anymore. Don't even get us started on the great urlLink Vic Tayback (god bless his clogged arteries) banging the pick up bell with his spatula, like the true character actor he was (it's those little flourishes, which i like to call "Taybacks"). Dating those seedy Phoenix chicks well past their expiration date. Americana horror is the genre. May Mel Sharples rest in a greasy kind of peace. Pink uniforms, ah, Mel, read much de Beauvoir? Rich Man Poor Man : Observe Nick Nolte before the fermented grape robbed him of his marginal looks, then again , there is charm in Nolte's whiskey ravaged grim visage. If Nolte can be a star then so, dammit, can anyone. Earns props for Teachers, though. He counts. urlLink Poldark : This cult British tv series is quite habit forming. Incredible. Just incredible. A period piece that is a cross between Wuthering Heights , the Mayor of Casterbridge and Le Liaisons Dangereuse . You get sucked in to this costume drama that is one part soap opera and one part high art. Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona when you were kid, don't you; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long cold drink of water. What, you never saw a black man doing a John Wayne impression, pilgrim? And you know in your heart Wilona saved Janet Jackson from falling down the elevator shaft trying to escape her mom who beat her with a hot iron just before she became Willis' girl, then Cleo on Fame, then Ms. deBarge. The one where Michael gets drunk off some dodgy "health tonic" was a classic ("Get Vita Brite and sleep tonight ...*passes out*). The there was the time Michael joined a gang. Oh, what about the one where Thelma almost married this bigamist Nigerian. Crazy! What about that pimpy guy "Lennay," who always sold hot appliances from out of his coat. So was the episode when James has hypertension. So was ... hey ... was this a comedy or what? Cinema Paradiso. The best work of art on friendship I've ever encountered. A glorious film. Fellini's Satyricon . A pagan work. Un-be-fucking-lievable. The Rablasian Fellini walks us through Roman antiquity as imagined crossed with a science fiction movie. There can never be anyone as Felliniesque as Fellini. The Big Blue Marble : My favorite show as a kid, if you must know. Carl Sagan's Cosmos: Okay, so in the madcap world of astrophysics Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already. Right? So what? So is Ptolemy's Almagest, and yet I still read it in college. The provocative thinking is worth another looksie. This series was the bomb! (looks around sheepishly, then raises hand, "question: who is the PBS geek"?)Classics do not get outmoded. Chespirito. This show was a mystery to me: Why would a grown Latin man want to go on tv dressed like a bumble bee with a big "CH" affixed to his paunch. Subtitle it and put it on Tri. We'd all like to know what the people on that endless laugh track find so funny. Stoned, the Afterschool Special with Scott Baio. "Super Stoned Jack," was the scariest introduction that most of us had to the world of the sweet leaf. If I were stoned I would never go out in a row boat. Well, not after seeing this little chestnut. Put it on Trio so we can all laugh at the "reefer madness." Just say yes. Fame the TV Series: Why are there not repeats on VH1 of this show already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat. The show of young, artistic people struggling for their moment to shine is about as American as it gets. Whatever happened to that sexy cello player who wouldn't give anyone the time of day, Lori Singer. Cries and Whispers by Ingmar Bergman. If Black Stallion is the most beautifully shot film, then this is number two. All natural lighting. Bergman uses a fade to red to seperate scenes, mimicking the inner membrane of our eyelids. About as fucking intense as art can get. And halfway through this film about communication and treachery and time past, Bergman dissolves a reconcilliation scene with a Bach Sarabande in the most mysterious way. Schoolhouse Rock: That Figure Eight. Mysterious, melancholy and mathematically instructional. Time will never again be so mundane. A strong influence on The Corsair's childhood. The Black Stallion: Those fabulous Coppollas! This is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Debate-Fight It was in the heart of the 60s: it was the polarized political center of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television. A classic. I just finished reading Vidal's Burr. Excellent. Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water. One of the most interesting experiments on television ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played Blossom. Shaky handheld camera follows a grown Michael J. Fox as slowly becomes involved with the much younger woman. Sound familiar? Kramer vs. Kramer. The first dramatic statement of the Baby Boomers. A film of the first water. Young married couple breaks apart. Wife leaves shallow workaholic husband and baby. Goes out West. Comes back revitalized. Husband fights custody. Bach and Vivaldi heighten drama. And the courtroom scene where Meryl Streep slowly dissolves into tears and forced composure are among the best acting you will ever see. Okay, so those are some of my Trio picks. And you have to admit it is a hell of a lot better than Battle of the Network Stars.

 The Sopranos Dream Episode . This episode rolled out like a Fellini film, like urlLink Ingmar Bergman's Wild Strawberries . According to the urlLink HBO site , it describes the dream like this: " ... At the Plaza, Tony gets a voicemail message from Silvio that's as chilling as it is succinct: 'Angelo's gone.' While the old consigliere was out buying a big wheel for his grandchild, he was shot to death by Phil and Billy Leotardo . Suddenly Tony realizes why Tony B. was so agitated. 'I saw him this morning and he must've fuckin' known already,' Tony says over the phone to Paulie. Tony B. and Angelo became close friends in prison and Tony B. loved the old man like a father. Fearing the worst, Tony makes several more phone calls in an attempt to locate his cousin, with no results. "Eventually, Tony settles in for the night. After availing himself of the services of an Asian call girl, he finally manages to fall into a fitful sleep. He has a long dream peopled with important individuals from throughout his life and culminating in an encounter with his high school football coach, Mr. Molinaro . In the dream, Tony points a gun at Coach Molinaro, who berates him for the company he keeps, the life choices he's made and his lack of preparedness. When Tony pulls the trigger, the gun's silencer goes limp; he pulls it again and the clip falls out. Just before he wakes up, Coach Molinaro tells him, 'You'll never shut me up.'" Psychic trauma, Asia motif, dream: up until this moment, Tony has been getting ready for the big bang, the upcoming gangland bustup that will either validate all his mother's critiques of his masculinity and his ability to be effective in the world, or invalidate them, freeing his energies up. Perhaps I'm reading too much into this (probably), but could the Asian call girl symbolize the East, and Eastern non-linear thought (the entrance into the realm of dream)? Coach Molinaro , like most of the characters in the dream (although, for the life of me, I don't know what Annette Benning means -- wife of Warren Beatty ? Tamer of the male libido run amock?), accuses Tony of not being "man" enough, squandering his leadership abilities. And the horse ( whores?) that Tony rides in on while visiting Carm ("we need to set up some ground rules ... I don't want to clean up after it"), is the symbol of Wild West Americana manhood, like the tv show they were watching, which, most probably, saturated his childhood. The camera angle is always in an odd relation between Tony and Carm. Remember when he almost threw her in the pool after she drained it in passive-aggressive protest at his penurious ways with child and spousal support? Tony towered over her, like he did while on the horse, like urlLink Fellini's women tower over him . Scrooge ? To Carm Tony is, withholding money, withholding affection; but it looks like Tony will get back to her, just in time for the bust up with Johnny Sacks and the much anticipated Adriana whack job, whih looks like it may occur next week. They will both see the light. But if Tony is Scrooge, is urlLink Carm Tiny Tim ? And is Tony the Frankenstein monster that the crowd made him up to be? Like urlLink Janice last week when she threw down on the soccer mom? Janice tried to suppress her hostility in anger management, to not be a monster, to hold on to her marriage: but Tony let the monster out, and was happy. But isn't depression rage turned inward , as Melfi might say. The Coach says, "You'll never shut me up," like the Reverend at the end of Bergman's Fanny and Alexander, who, beyond death, continues to haunt Alexander (Bergman). What do you think?

 Hail to the Sheath According to urlLink Wonkette via urlLink The Sun , Alexandra Kerry , the 30 year old daughter of likely Democratic Presidential nominee John Kerry , wore an ultra sheer, revealing see -hrough dress to Cannes. urlLink According to The Sun : "THE dishy daughter of US Presidential candidate John Kerry certainly gets our vote. "Brunette Alexandra Kerry left movie fans gasping at the Cannes Film Festival in her daring see-through dress. "Film director Alexandra, 30, showed at least two reasons why Americans should vote her dad into the White House in November. "Democrat Mr Kerry is hoping for a good showing at the polls. His girl is content with just a good showing." urlLink Hail to the sheath ! Comment here or at urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Seriously, though, Alexandra Kerry was at Cannes not to simply show off her cans, but to urlLink promote her short film , "The Last Full Measure," her film. Cannes, that jet set mecca, is a place well known over the years for gorgeous women dressing flimsily in order to promote their projects. Hey, Works for me.

 Meet The Press: Cue to Dead Sea (Dead Air); Or, Emily Get Out of The Way On yesterday's Meet The Press , Secretary of State Colin Powell's assistant, a woman named "Emily" , got a little bit frisky with the cameras on the show of NBC's Chief Washington Correspondent, Tim Russert . Bad move. Tim Russert hasn't been snubbed since before he worked for Senator Moynihan , Russert owns DC . urlLink Courtney C. Radsch of The Old Gray Lady characterizes the Sopranoesque dream sequence-like appearance of Colin Powell on urlLink Tim Russert's Meet the Press thusly: "Secretary of State Colin L. Powell was abruptly cut off during an interview on Sunday on the NBC News program 'Meet the Press' when one of his aides decided the interview had gone on long enough. "As Tim Russert, the program's host, began to ask his final question, the camera unexpectedly panned away from Mr. Powell, who was being interviewed in Jordan via a satellite link from Washington. In the confusion, Mr. Powell could be heard saying, 'He's still asking me questions,' to which a woman's voice answered, 'No, he's not.'" urlLink The article concludes : " Betsy Fischer , the show's executive producer, identified the staff member as Emily Miller , deputy press secretary to Mr. Powell, and said Ms. Miller 'pulled the plug' without warning. Although the interview was taped in advance, she said such interviews were usually run without being edited. Mr. Russert called it a case of 'press management gone berserk.' "'I've been doing this program for 13 years and nothing like that has ever happened,' he said in a telephone interview. 'I remember sometimes in countries around the world this happens, but not in America. This is a free press, and political figures can always say I don't want to answer.' He said he did not know if it was the content of the question that caused Ms. Miller's reaction or simply that the interview had gone over its allotted time. " Julie Reside , a State Department spokeswoman, said the interview had gone on considerably longer than scheduled, and that the personnel there 'made every attempt to get NBC to finish up.'" Clearly, Emily was a bossy child, and, as in the case of Secretary Powell, her universe just sort of ignores choleric outbursts and odd decisions. One wonders how Emily reacted to lifes little vagaries as they came up, in the fullness of time, during the course of her life: Doctor : Alright, you're having the baby -- push! Emily Miller : No, she's not. Mrs. Miller : (with averted gaze, pushes) ** Teacher : Class: repeat after me: Two plus two equals four. Emily Miller : No, It does not. Class : (averted gazes) Two plus two equals four. And so on.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Did JLo have plastic surgery ? You be the judge . Out : urlLink Arnold Shwarzenegger's Total Body Workout, circa 1984 . God bless urlLink Scott Stereogum for giving us, the people, this pop cultural chestnut of when the Governator was just a weight-lifting shlub hawking health supplies. God gave rock and roll to you, but Scott Stereogum gives us the pop kulcha. In : Jerry Springer, or, as they call him "Jere," in the trailer parks, is urlLink a Democratic Party delegate : " urlLink According to the AP , Jerry Springer is a Democratic Party delegate for the Convention in DC: "'(Springer's) made 50 appearances at Democratic events this year. He's been an outspoken advocate for the party,' said Dan Trevas , spokesman for the Ohio Democratic Party. "Springer, who was the mayor of Cincinnati before hosting the raunchy 'The Jerry Springer Show,' was named Democrat of the Year by the state party last weekend. He was named Friday as one of 159 delegates and 24 alternates from Ohio at the convention July 26-29, when Sen. John Kerry is expected to be nominated as the party's candidate for president. "'We welcome all delegates,' said Jennifer Palmieri , Ohio spokeswoman for the Kerry campaign." Evidently. The article concludes, interestingly, "Springer is considering running in 2006 for either Ohio governor or for the state's other Senate seat." Out : Seacrest--Out! . According to that significant cultural artifact, urlLink The Star : " Ryan Seacrest is very upset these days -- (Ed. note The Star's ) source says his TV talk show, On-Air with Ryan Seacrest , was canceled last week. (The Star's) source went on to tell (The Star) that Fox network execs were very unimpressed with Seacrest's ratings and were waiting for something to 'you know, pop!' But nothing happened -- 'his show is not a hit,' says (the) source. (The Star was) told execs called Ryan to their offices the week of May 3 and broke the news to him. 'He really thought the show would eventually take off -- he felt that at any minute, he was going to fly,' says my source. As a result, (The Star's) source says, Ryan has been taking out his frustrations on the cast members of his other show, American Idol . (The Star hears) his pals are just giving him some space to vent and get used to the bad news." Seacrest--Out! In : JK Rowling . urlLink According to Ananova : "J K Rowling says she's 'well under way' with the sixth Harry Potter book. "She took time off during her new son David's first year but is now back on track. " urlLink On her website , Rowling, 38, says: 'Book six is well under way, hooray, although I still have a large and complicated book on my desk to remind me what happens where. "'I am really enjoying this book, though for the first time I am conscious that I am approaching the end of the series. "'So much of what happens in book six relates to book seven that I feel almost as though they are two halves of the same novel.' "Rowling also teases fans by saying that regular visitors to her internet page will be able to find snippets of information on book six on the site 'if they can work out where to look'." Out : Thinking Different . An Apple Store employee couldn't recognize Ed Bradley . This comes from urlLink Gizmodo : "So I'm geeked to go buy a brand new Apple 23-inch display on a sunny New York Friday, on my way to the Apple Soho store. I enter and wander around looking for one of the aloof Apple drones to lower themselves to take my money. Finally I snag one and I'm given a card with some writing and told to stand and wait for the unit at the register. As I walk up, I come upon some Apple customer dissing in progress ... Holy smoke, yep, '60 Minutes' anchor Ed Bradley is an Apple fanatic! ... I walk up for my turn, and the really cute, but really clueless cashier is still looking at his back like he's an ass. I go, 'Yeah, that's Ed Bradley.' She says, 'Who's that?' I say, 'Uhhh, one of the most famous journalists on the planet on the most famous new program in the world ... The brain surgeon goes, 'Oh, I don't watch TV. He did seem upset though...whatever...' And here I thought Steve Jobs hired people with brains. Think Different indeed!"

 Dweezil and Lisa Loeb: B-Listers on the rocks urlLink According to the AP , rock music skank couple Lisa Loeb and Dweezil Zappa , who had the ultimate B-List romantic-television food show synergy, have gone the way of the dodo: "Loeb told AP Radio that she and Zappa recently broke up, and that it was just time for them to go their separate ways. "She said they had a good run with their urlLink Food Network show this spring , but they had only intended to do one season anyway." The rock couple had been seen urlLink all over the urlLink red carpets . And, according to urlLink John Matsumoto of the Merc : "'When (Zappa and Loeb) were on stage, we would play songs from the album, and we would have a friend come up on stage and make pies,' says Loeb, who vaulted to prominence in 1994 with the No. 1 ballad 'Stay (I Missed You).' 'It was a combination of a food demo and a concert. It was a totally sensory experience. The audience would even get samples of pie and cake at the end of the show." Any way you slice it, the pie is over. Comments here on on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog .

 Kissinger: Nixon Was Loaded Never elect a nerd the president . They can't handle the power. Their glands overwork, they miss thier favorite Sci-Fi channel programs, and their brains overheat, like urlLink Wyatt and Gary in Wierd Science (so ably played by Anthony Michael Hall and Ian Michael Smith , thank you, thank you ... ). urlLink According to the Associated Press , Nixon, during the elaborate maneuverings and countermaneuverings of the Watergate hearings and unfolding scandals, uhm -- how does one say this delicately? -- he got plastered . urlLink The Leader of the Free World was getting quietly "tight" : "Five days into the 1973 Arab-Israeli war, with the superpowers on the brink of confrontation, President Nixon was too drunk to discuss the crisis with the British prime minister, according to newly released transcripts of telephone calls. " urlLink Henry Kissinger's assessment of the president's condition on the night of Oct. 11, 1973, is contained in more than 20,000 pages of transcripts of Kissinger's phone calls as the president's national security adviser and secretary of state records whose privacy he had guarded for three decades. The National Archives released them Wednesday. "They show the powerful adviser trying to manage world crises even as Nixon's presidency teetered from the Watergate scandal that would consume his administration in August 1974. "In October 1973, U.S.-Soviet tensions were peaking over the Arab-Israeli war, and British Prime Minister Edward Heath's office called the White House just before 8 p.m. to ask to speak with Nixon. "'Can we tell them no?' Kissinger asked his assistant, Brent Scowcroft , who had told him of the urgent request. 'When I talked to the president, he was loaded .'" Deep Throat? Try Deep Liver. Ka-Pow! And that's not all , pookie: apparently Nixon, ever playing the macho, Yorba Linda alpha male in charge of a superpower ( The Corsair's averted gaze suggests feigned detatchment), according to urlLink The Washington Times , joked about nuking Washington : "Transcripts of telephone conversations with U.S. President Richard Nixon reveal he joked about dropping an atomic bomb on Capitol Hill. "The disclosure emerged in the transcript of a discussion in March 1974 between Al Haig , then White House chief of staff, and Henry Kissinger, then secretary of state, the Washington Post reported Thursday. "'I was told to urlLink get the football ,' Haig told Kissinger less than five months before the president's forced resignation. "'What do you mean?' asked Kissinger, who had called Haig to express concern the president might unwittingly unleash a Middle East war with his new, get-tough policy against Israel. "'His black nuclear bag,' replied Haig. 'He is going to drop it on the Hill.' "The exchange is among 20,000 pages of transcripts of telephone conversations Kissinger deposited in the Library of Congress in 1976 with the stipulation they remain secret until at least five years after his death. "Kissinger turned the transcripts over to the National Archives in February 2002 after being threatened with legal action by the National Security Archive, a nonprofit group that campaigns against government secrecy." What the fuck? Ka-pow! Post here or on the urlLink VH1 Best Week Ever blog Ed Note : We are taking a well needed break from blogging and the day job for the Memorial Day weekend to recharge, see you back here, guys, same bat time, same bat channel, on Tuesday. ka-pow

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Are Enrique Iglesias and Anna Kournikova ... married ... and pregnant ? According to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink The Daily Star : " The Daily Star reckons Anna is already pregnant following a 'secret' wedding five weeks ago. "The couple apparently revealed they were married while walking along Miami Beach. "A passer-by noticed Anna's huge pink diamond ring and congratulated them on their engagement. "Enrique reportedly replied: 'That's old news. We were married five weeks ago.' "That would have been around the time the couple were pictured in Bali on a holiday that the Daily Star now thinks was their honeymoon. "And the paper says a friend was spotted rubbing Anna's tummy and congratulating her during a recent dinner in LA." So, either Anna's preggers or Enrique might want to have a real personal conversation with that "friend," who amplifies on conversational points by rubbing his fiance/wife's belly. Out : Princess Michael of Kent , according to the urlLink addictive Page Six , is so very out: "The Pushy Princess, as she is known in Britain, had been trying to launch a career in the United States along the lines of Sarah Ferguson's successful efforts with endorsements and children's books. "But yesterday following her outburst at Da Silvano , where she told a talkative table-ful of African-Americans they should 'go back to the colonies' her publicist, Dan Klores , dropped her as a client." Bravo to Dan Klores . In : Ambition -- but has it ever been "out"? A cynic might describe daily social existence as the clashing of the trajectories of egos in ascent. And there is no man more ambitious name among the boldfaces than Andrew Cuomo , Our Great Enemy, he who reeks of testosterone, thwarted statewide office, and the seedy mantra: "restoration of family honor ..." against the common good: The Cuomos . Fuckers, all. They never quite knew the right dance moves, urlLink if you know what I mean . Andrew just couldn't hold on to the Kennedy trophy wife, he couldn't refrain from naming her lover in the papers, he just couldn't parlay a sub-Cabinbet housing position into his dad's old job. Always the rushed energy, that kinetic frenzy, that in a better, wittier and more nimble player might result in the realization of urlLink fortuna . There was never any good old Italian planning urlLink a la Machiavelli , with Cuomo, never a sense of pacing and slow progression -- his opera was all urlLink presto and no urlLink andante . Mario, who sired that sloppy clan of climbers, could have run against urlLink Bush The First , he could have been a urlLink Supreme Court pick under Clinton ... but he didn't quite have the vocabulary down pat. Spin it as Hamlet on the Hudson, if you will, but, at the end of the day, we know the truth: we know Mario forgot his jockstrap at home and couldn't really play with the big dogs. Fo shizzle. And, similarly so with his son Andrew, who urlLink smarmily cost H Carl McCall the chance at being the first African-American governor with a quixotic primary run, which weakened McCall to the point that urlLink Bill Clinton himself had to intervene, asking The Smarmy One to drop out . I fucking hate Andrew Cuomo's ambitious ass. urlLink Page Six lets us know that the ambition still runs in Cuomo's veins, but what goes around, it appears, comes around: "LOYALTY only goes so far in politics. Andrew Cuomo is believed to be positioning himself to run for state attorney general, assuming Eliot Spitzer decides to vacate the post to run for governor. Mark Green and Westchester Assemblyman Richard Brodsky are also said to be eyeing the AG job. But now there's another potential candidate, Charlie King , who was Cuomo's top aide at HUD and his running mate for lieutenant governor when Cuomo briefly challenged Carl McCall in the Democratic gubernatorial primary. When people ask King how he dares to run against his former boss, King cockily replies: 'The question is, will Andrew dare to run against me?'" There is justice in the universe. Out : The Monica Bag has been Lewinskied . urlLink According to British vogue : "THE Monica bag may be a thing of the past. Monica Lewinsky , who launched her handbag line in September 1999, seems to have given up on it. urlLink TheREALMonicainc.com is said to be 'hibernating while designing for next season' and is currently announcing to all users that 'no one is in customer service either', while msnbc.com reveals that Henri Bendel in New York, 'no longer carries that line.' On launching the bag line, the former White House intern announced to the world via her website that designing had helped her through the dark days when her affair with the then President Clinton erupted into the world's press. 'Reawakening my creative senses has helped me cope during an almost unendurable time in my life,' she said on her website. 'As I have learned from this extraordinary experience, I hope that you recognise the importance of being free spirited with your creativity.'" Creativity? In : Tom Sizemore. Tough guy. Former fiance to Hollywood Madam Heidi Fleiss got a dressing down from Bobby D recently, urlLink according to that significant cultural artifact, The National Enquirer : "Tom Sizemore has a surprising guardian angel Robert De Niro . Sizemore, the star of 'Black Hawk Down,' has been down in the dumps over recent run-ins with the law, so the veteran Oscar winner talked to him, hoping to straighten him out. "The 39-year-old actor landed in hot water recently when he reportedly tested 'dirty' for methamphetamine use." The Corsair grabs a bucket of salt free popcorn and sits at his screen rapt. "The Los Angeles City Attorney's office filed a notice of probation violation against the troubled actor -- who still has to serve a minimum of 90 days for domestic abuse against his former girlfriend, infamous Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss . "Sizemore's lawyer insists his client's drug test yielded a false positive -- possibly triggered by a medicine prescribed by his physician. "But 'Analyze That' star De Niro analyzed his pal's problems and decided to give him some advice, revealed an insider. The two met on the set of "Heat" in 1995 and have remained close. "'Robert took Tom for a drive and gave him a stern talking to,' divulged the insider. "'Bobby asked him to seriously consider what the heck he was doing and what ramifications his negative actions would have on his life. "'De Niro said: Tom, what are the odds of becoming a movie star? Especially a guy like you.' "'Tom knows he's not box office beautiful like Brad Pitt . He's got a gravelly voice and odd features. He used to wake up at 5 a.m. to take a New York subway to work -- where he'd cut melons for corporate breakfasts! "'De Niro told him he was beyond lucky to have gotten as far as he had -- and he shouldn't throw it all away. Basically, he told Tom he was blowing it.' "Sizemore confirmed to a reporter: 'Bobby De Niro talked to me when I was having problems. He said you're going to ruin your life, your health ... if you don't stop doing this stuff.'" Out : urlLink Poopy Girl . Gawker covers the sad, sad tale of a girl who drank a little too much at the office party. It's a cautionary tale: "Be prepared for one of the funniest stories you will ever hear.. [MAN'S NAME] just told me over the phone and this is completely factual because my roomate [X] was there and witnessed the whole thing.. "[WOMAN'S NAME] currently works for some advertising firm and this week they have the whole industry attends a bunch of these big parties held by each of the major networks because they are trying to attract more sponsors, etc... Let me get this straight (these parties are huge and have tons of celebrites and stuff) so even the newspapers cover these fiestas.. "Anyway, guess who gets so drunk, sh*ts themself and is carried out on a stretcher from one of the Fox Networks parties in Central Park last nite.. If you are thinking of our class representative who sends an update on what every geek from [SCHOOL'S NAME] is doing and has an enormous cranium, then you are correct. At least she is making [SCHOOL] proud. " ... I have also been informed that everyone in the industry has been talking about this the entire day and [WOMAN'S NAME] is as popular as Ashton Kutcher in Hollywood circles nowadays ..." Working in the media is such a bitch, no? If she were a paralegal, we could prolly put just get beyond this and move on. Now the poor gal will most likely leave New York. Sad, but very very funny . In : Dick Morris . Say what you will about this Francophile with a predilection to whores, he makes acute political observations. urlLink His latest column examines the recent history of fundamentalist Arab terrorist groups and how they insinuate themselves into the democratic elections in their Western enemies: "The terrorists have always shown a proclivity for participation in the democratic process by distinctly undemocratic means. From the bomb that shattered the prospects of the favored and ruling pro-Aznar Party in Spain to the terrorist attacks on the West Bank and in Israel that doomed the Labor Party and inaugurated Benyamin Netan-yahus party in Israel, the terrorists are well aware of the political implications of their mayhem on democratic elections. They follow the polls and time their interventions with a skill any American political consultant would envy. "Their capacity to disrupt elections in the United States was evident in the destruction of President Carter. Furious at the former president for sheltering the Shah of Iran, the Iranian militants seized American hostages and used their more than 400 days of captivity to make Carter appear even weaker and more vacillating that he was. Only when the Georgian was soundly defeated did they finally consent to the release of the hostages, ending the crisis along with the Carter presidency. "Now it is evident that the terrorists in Iraq are trying to do to Bush what their Shiite brethren did to Carter. By manipulating the pace and ferocity of their guerrilla war, they are moving the poll numbers in America more surely than the combined efforts of the Kerry campaign and his allies in the 527 community. If George Soros himself were orchestrating their timing, it could not have a more profound effect on the U.S. election campaign. "Since the Iraqi terrorist offensive started in earnest, Bush has lost 15 points in job approval and 10 points in the head-to-head vote share. And still counting." wow. Out : Saks Fifth Avenue and Macy's, after The Corsair's favorite socialite, urlLink Miu Von Furstenberg gives us the scoop : "Apparently women in New York City have something else to worry about while shopping for lingerie (other than the touchy feely lingerie sales people). Local a news broadcast stated that Saks Fifth Avenue and Macy's, had tried to resell returned undergarments. Ew ew ew. Personally I don't think that lingerie should be able to be returned at all. "Spokeswoman Elina Kazan said Macy's does not sell worn undergarments and posts signs in changing rooms that intimate apparel should not be tried on for size on top of bare skin. "'We train our associates to inspect the merchandise upon return and if in salable condition, return it to the sales floor,' she said. 'Any items that are soiled ... are not returned to the floor.' "Saks did not return calls for comment." To which, urlLink Miu concludes : "I know where I'm not buying my lingerie from."

 Macaulay Culkin, the $17 Million Man How cool is Macaulay Culkin ? The Culc is Kool and the Gang with The Corsair, even if he did have urlLink a rather dodgy relationship with Michael Jackson . But we'll just pretend it never happened. Like make believe. Check out this interview from Rolling Stone , June 10, 2004: "'I have all the F.U.M that you could ask for,' urlLink Macaulay says. That's 'Fuck You Money.' Culkin's bank account amounts to an estimated $17 million. So, he emphasizes, his recent return to acting has not been for cash or fame -- he has a surplus of both. He had fully intended for his retirement to be permanent, after Ric=hie Rich, in 1994, but realized that acting was fun and it came naturally to him. He likes the idea of making one good movie a year." An indie actor who has no ambitions beyond making interesting films? How cool is Culkin? (sips his glass of Cutty Sark)This cool: "... If somebody came to Culkin and told him they were thinking of taking their kid on auditions, would he recommend it? 'It creates a very odd dynamic if the kid starts getting paid more than you,' he says. 'In my case, it took a couple of years to get over being the family breadwinner. I was lucky. I was on the auditioning circuit for only about a year. But you see some jaded twelve year olds .." One can only imagine ... How come urlLink Paper hasn't had this guy on the cover? And The New York Times done a Sunday Styles article on him. You heard it here folks: Mac Culkin is officially cool.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Richard Simmons is so very, very In . Or, should I call the curly haired darling "Milton," because, according to the court papers released, Richard Simmons' real name is urlLink Milton Simmons (I know, I'd change the name too, baby pop ). Remember, he was arrested in some dreadful fiasco involving the bitchslapping of some wrestler: "Arrested in March for (bitch) slapping a Harley Davidson salesman/ex-con/cage wrestler at an Arizona airport, Richard Simmons is now officially in the legal clear. A misdemeanor assault charge against the diet guru, 54, was dismissed last Friday by a Phoenix judge, according to the below Municipal Court records. The dismissal came as part of a 'misdemeanor compromise' requested last week by slapee Chris Farney and signed off on by the city prosecutor. Such a compromise can include monetary compensation for the victim, but Simmons's lawyer, James Nesci , declined to say whether Farney, 23, was paid. Earlier this month, Farney told TSG he had hired a civil attorney to look out for his interests, adding that he had not decided whether to sue Simmons over the March 24 incident. We're guessing Farney opted for a little green instead of a protracted litigation that surely would have dredged up his rap sheet and the nearly three years he spent in prison for an aggravated assault conviction (a buddy was seriously injured when a drugged-up Farney crashed his car). Simmons was busted following a confrontation with Farney ... at the Sky Harbor International Airport. The trouble started when Farney (6' 1" and 255 pounds) spotted Simmons (5' 7", 155 pounds) and called out, 'Look, Richard Simmons. Drop your bags, let's rock to the 50's.' According to a Phoenix Police Department incident report, Simmons responded by walking over to Farney and announcing, 'It's not nice to make fun of people with issues.' He then slapped Farney in the kisser. The motorcycle salesman then called the cops, who popped Simmons for assault." (Averted gaze) Alright , now: if chubby little 'Milton' sashayed over to me in his poom poom shorts, brillo pad of hair waving in the wind, with malice in his eyes, saying what he said, wouldn't you, if you were a wrestler , block the shot and rock his universe ? I'm talking ka-pow, right in the noggin. Pop, lock and block, Mr. Farney; do your thing, handle your bidness, don't be fucking preposterous . And don't tie up the court system with your frivolous shizzle . Just recognize a player when you see one. Out : Graydon Carter , at least figuratively , according to the folks at urlLink Fashionweekdaily.com is out: "Coast to coast, Times to Times, everyone is calling for Graydons head. Well, they wont get it. But at some point, we all know one day Graydon will ride down those Cond Nast elevators, get into his Town Car, and ride off into the sunsetor onto Sunset. And he might even get his own Oscar. But dont fret, Cond Nast HRwe come to your rescue with urlLink The Daily Graydon poll. "Between today and June 15th, when you all will have recovered from your Memorial Day mimosas, Daily readers are invited to submit their Graydon replacement candidate in a brief paragraph (which, around here, means a one-liner) to editor@fashionweekdaily.com. On June 15, we will delight you all by publishing your entries. (Dont worry Arthur Carter , we keep everything anon. You just cant vote twice.)" The Corsair would like to nominate VH1's urlLink Michael Hirschorn , one of the coolest guys in the room. Should he want to step away for a moment from his fast-moving career at Viacom TV, Michael would be perfect at VF. Page Six's urlLink Richard Johnson and urlLink Christopher Buckley and even urlLink Harry Evans would also be my top picks. This could easily be the next media party game. Too addictive. I see urlLink Choire is angling for urlLink Susan Sontag . Sweet. But won't that cause some frisson between her and Annie Liebowitz , who dumped Susan for the nanny (averted gaze), and who often does cover shoots for VF? Or maybe Choire is setting up some scoops for himself. In : Fabian Basabe , writer at Details , the magazine for -- wink, wink -- metrosexuals , and other like minded men who fancy, uhm, excessive grooming . You'll remember the well scrubbed Fabian as urlLink the dude who drrrty danced with hottie presidential daughter Barbara Bush , she of the steely intelligent gaze (a rarity in the Bush family). According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily : " Fabian Basabe , the 'It Boy' whos provided tons of fodder for gossip hounds, is switching teams! The 26-year-old social scenester will be writing a piece for Details magazine, the Dan Peres -helmed metrosexual bible. The story will accompany a fashion spread starring, you guessed it, Fabs! Though the new scribe was initially contacted for a profile, talks quickly heightened and his story will now accompany the multi-paged spread." The only Details I want from Basabe is what went on with that sexy wild girl Barbara Bush at the afterparty. Ka-pow! Out : Shootin' at the walls of heartache, bang-bang, Ice T is "The Warrior." urlLink According to those Page Sixers , Ice, in addition to being a network star, is also a pimp and pornographer: "In between Ice's edifying observations, porn stars are shown engaging in an eye-popping variety of graphic sex scenes. "'Strippers are my favorite type of ho because they do not believe they are prostitutes,' Ice says in the (pornographic) video. 'A lot of them believe they are entertainers. Well, if you're an entertainer, you don't get off that goddamn stage. Lap-dancing is not entertaining. Lap-dancing is prostitution.' "Ice, who last plied his pimping trade many years ago and is married now to a frequently photographed blond bombshell named Coco, also opines in the video: 'It's funny. Free [bleep] always costs you more. The wife is the ultimate ho.' "He also calls pornography 'the ultimate, final level of the mother[bleeping] game, the pimp game,' and leaves viewers with this tantalizing truism: 'All of us are hos in one way or another, but very few will ever get the chance to truly pimp.'" And here I thought "the smarts" was the ultimate, final level of the motherfucking game; then agin, we watched too much 80s tv (especially urlLink that "special" episode of Diffrnt Strokes where Dudley got "touched" and urlLink the Sesame Street where Mr. Hooper died ). In : The Reality TV trend continues unopposed, urlLink in IWantMedia.com : "Q: The 2004-05 fall TV season was unveiled to advertisers last week. What are the most interesting trends? "A: Jack Myers , editor and publisher, Jack Myers Report : 'NBC and ABC, as well as The WB, are clearly taking a new approach to scheduling that more closely resembles cable than broadcast, with short-flight runs, shared time periods and heavy doses of reality fare the dominant trends for fall. Reruns are out, reality is in, and almost everyone is suddenly talking long and loud about the importance of scheduling original programming 52 weeks a year. Fox began beating this drum last year, and announced aggressive plans to program original fare on a year-round basis. Only CBS is holding firm to the traditional model of premiering new and returning series early in the season, placing little emphasis on midseason replacement shows or limited run programs. These strategic shifts raise the question about network profitability, and how the escalating cost of TV programming can be fully amortized without a repeat strategy and with declining international sales value.'" Out : Tony Blair , George Bush's poodle; or, I prefer, keeping things Saxon, Bush's Springer Spaniel. Gag him with a fork, guys, he is done. He tells CNN that he "absolutely agrees" with the President, glossing over the fighting of iraq war by passing on bogus intelligence through Ahmad Chalabi : "British Prime Minister Tony Blair has told the House of Commons he is "absolutely agreed" with U.S. President George W. Bush on the transfer of sovereignty to Iraq. "He said multinational forces would remain in Iraq by the consent of the interim government which will have ultimate strategic decision-making powers, but there was no question of coalition troops being under anything other than coalition command. "'We are both absolutely agreed there should be full sovereignty transferred to the Iraqi people and that the multinational force should remain under American command,' Blair said when questioned about apparent discrepancies between London and Washington." "Iranian intelligence has been manipulating the US for several years through Chalabi," said Larry Johnson, a former senior counter-terrorist official at the state department. But Blair has nothing to say on that. Good dog, Ubu, good dog. In : Miu Von Furstenberg , my future first wife, if she can put up with my love of Classical literature and 70s and 80s tv references (particularly the 70s show urlLink Eight is Enough ), with this delicious May 19th entry: "We had a bevy of celebrity sightings (no Justin or Cammy ). Michael Eisner , (chews with his mouth open) okay he's not a celebrity but, he fucks over them. Elijah Wood who was with a bevy of young cute boys, one of which was urlLink Kevin Ricardson from the Backstreet Boys . This was a little confusing to us, since Kevin isn't one of the gay ones from the group. urlLink Tom Green who we overheard spouting off something about some E3 conference - it had something to do with videogames. "As we were finish our dinners, we were sent over two Courvoisier's (how street) from someone at a table on the other side of the room. I, of course, had to find out who sent over the cocktails. As I was making my way over to the table, I body slammed into urlLink Peter Krause (from Six Feet Under). We both apologized profusely, and he turned very red (but looked very fuckable). I completely lost my train of thought, and headed back to our table. "I had a hangover this morning." We love you, Miu; we really do.

 Eisner, Tyrannus Or, Eisner Rex, with apologies to Oedipus When last we left Our Fearless Leader, Michael Eisner, in Orlando, urlLink shares of Disney were down to $23.68. There was a plague in the House of Mouse, and Eisner was determined to find out what it was. In the tide of death from which there is no escaping, Death in the fruitful flowering of her soul, Death in the pastures, And pestilence, a fiery demon gripping the city Sophocles , urlLink Oedipus Tyrannus Eisner My children, latest born to Disney old, urlLink When you wish upon a star , and all that jazz Branches of olive filleted with wool? What means this reek of incense everywhere, And everywhere laments and litanies? urlLink O, Mickey Mouse Club , it were not meet that I should learn From others, and am hither come, myself, urlLink I, Eisner , your world-renowned king. My zeal in stockholder behalf ye cannot doubt; Ruthless indeed were I and obdurate If such petitioners as you I spurned. Disney Shareholder's/ Chorus A blight is on our nation in the war on Terror, A blight upon the economy, A blight on urlLink ABC in travail ; and withal Armed with his blazing torch the God of Plague Hath swooped upon our company emptying The house of Mouse, and the murky realm Of urlLink Pluto is full fed with groans and tears. I, Eisner Ah! my poor Mickey Mouse Club, known, ah, known too well, The quest that brings you hither and your need. Both for the general and myself and you, But I will not resign urlLink this plummy post . Enter Michael Moore , fresh from visiting the narrator of urlLink Fantasia . Michael Moore If thou wouldst watch urlLink my documentary publicly, I'll tell thee straight, or with thee pass within. Eisner Speak before all; the burden that I bear Is more for these my subjects than myself. Tell us what the narrator of urlLink Fantasia has said. Michael Moore Let me report then all the god declared. urlLink The Lion King bids us straitly extirpate A fell pollution that infests the land, And no more harbor an inveterate sore. Enter Billy Bob Thornton Billy Bob Thornton Remember urlLink the Alamo . Eisner I'm trying to forget. But, what is this pestilence? Who is to blame for the falling share prices? Enter Jeffrey Katzenberg Eisner We're not casting for urlLink Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , you midget. Katzenberg (casually) Oh, I just happened to read that urlLink the box office for Shrek has broken all manner of records. Eisner (seething) Good for you. Katzenberg Yes, urlLink Dreamworks SKG is considering going public . And we just urlLink greenlighted two sequels . Everyones doing fabulous, not like this plague-ridden Disney . What happened? Why is Disney such a disaster? Eisner (from clenched teeth) Thats. What. I'm. Trying. To. Find. Out. Katezenberg (exiting) Well, when you do, let me know. We might have a Vice Presidency at the studio for you. Or something. Chow . Eisner (alone) What next? Enter the Weinstein Brothers Harvey What happened here ? It looks like the rack of lamb I destroyed at dinner last night ... Eisner urlLink The House of Mouse is plagued , and I intend to solve the riddle. Bob Weinstein We are looking for urlLink other corporate sponsorship , Eisner. Harvey Or maybe we should run United Artists? We need a better contract, Eisner, no more of this cheapskate Disney mouse food. We want fuck you money. Weinstein's Exit Eisner (distracted) What next? Enter Roy Disney Eisner Jesus Roy No, not Jesus, but his humble servant, urlLink Roy Disney . Shareholder/ Chorus Ah me, what countless woes are mine! All our stock shares are in decline; Weaponless my spirit lies. Earth her gracious fruits denies Eisner Roy Disney, hearer who comprehendest all, Lore of the wise and hidden mysteries, High things of heaven and low things of the earth, Thou knowest, though thy urlLink tone deaf ears hear naught , What plague infects our city; and we turn To thee, O hearer, our one defense and shield. Roy Disney Thy words, O CEO, are wide of the mark, and I For fear lest I too trip like thee... Eisner Oh speak, Withhold not, I adjure thee, if thou know'st, Thy knowledge. We are all thy suppliants puts on Mickey Mouse ears Speak, so that I may hear urlLink the truth Disney (agitated) Well, it will come what will, though I be mute Eisner Since come it must, it is thy shareholder duty to tell me. Disney I have no more to say; storm as thou willst, And give the rein to all thy pent-up rage. Eisner Oh yeah? Your dad may have made this company, but I saved it. I've surpassed your daddy's contribution to Disney. In fact, I'm changing my own name to Disney, since I am really the son he wished he had. urlLink I'm stealing your father . Disney Is it so? Then I charge thee to abide By thine own proclamation; from this day Speak not to these or me. Thou art the man, Thou the accursed polluter of this company. Eisner tears off Mickey Mouse ears at hearing the truth Eisner (howling) ahhhh! I've got a migrane. Shareholder/ Chorus The truth? He couldn't handle the truth.

 Breaking News urlLink Madonna cancels tonight's LA Show because she has a tummy ache, so says the Defamer. Hmm, didn't urlLink Gregtheboyfriend say he was sick? It couldn't be ... urlLink And Court Love pleads guilty to coke use (and we are shocked -- shocked!)

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : African-American chicks . urlLink Adrien Brody , it appears, has a -- how does one say it? -- urlLink Deniroesque appreciation for the dusky hued goddess. First, there was that urlLink uproarious kiss of Halle Barre , now, the sexiest skank in the world, Naomi Campbell . Apparently Brody and Campbell left together arm in arm to the casbah. I think this officially makes Naomi the female version of Tommy Lee ; but that doesn't make her a bad person . Out : I see white people . Once agin, Our favorite urlLink Upper East Side social diary shows us that, yes, indeed, Doris Duke had duskily complected "best pals." ( Ed Note : We actually like David Patrick Columbia -- deeply -- and hope our healthy dose of irony is appreciated in the friendly jesting manner in which it is offered up). It's just too funny to resist. My bad. In : According to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink Variety , the urlLink Sex and The City movie will not happen, at least not at the present : "According to Variety, Kim, who played Samantha Jones in the series, felt she couldn't commit to the film as no script had surfaced. "The film was due to be written and directed by Michael Patrick King . "'She would have loved to have done the movie and made a deal to do the movie, but waited as long as possible with no script or start date and felt she had to take other offers that were presented to her after the hold period had passed,' Cattrall spokeswoman Marvet Britto said. "'Kim would of course love to do the film and would be happy to revisit the project in the future.' "Variety adds that other reasons could have come into play, such as Cattrall wanting script approval and to earn the same amount as Sarah Jessica Parker ." ( The Corsair whistles silently, grabs a box of salt-free popcorn, then sits rapt to his screen) "HBO was unwilling to consider replacing Cattrall, or to go through the time and effort of developing a script without her firm commitment." Oh, it's on like Gray Poupon! Out : Auctioning Celebrity Medical Records . I know, this sounds like some horrible apocalyptic end-of-civilized-democracy shit, but it is real, baby pop . It looks like there will not be an auction for the actual birth records of Bruce Springsteen . urlLink According to TheSmokinggun.com : "Days after urlLink The Smoking Gun disclosed the attempted sale of Bruce Springsteen's medical records, the Leland's auction house has turned over the confidential material to the rock star after being contacted by The Boss's lawyers. Leland's spokesman Marty Appel said that the firm was approached by the 'Springsteen camp' after TSG reported on the auction, and was asked to hand over the documents. The auction house complied, Appel said, because 'we're such great admirers of Springsteen.' We're guessing that the prospect of litigation probably also figured in the auctioneer's swift change of heart. The hospital documents (and another item carrying the singer's Social Security number) were apparently yanked from the firm's web site some time today." In other Springsteen news, don't knock me over in a rush to Tower Records, but the Boss' wife urlLink Patty Scialfa's album goes on sale later this summer. ( The Corsair notes the sound of cicadas in the quiet spring breeze) In : Lindsay Lohan's Scar Tissue ? According to urlLink Gawker , via urlLink LiquidGeneration , Lindsay Lohan had breast implants at the tender age of 17 because she allegedly has scar tissue. You be the judge. urlLink Here. The urlLink always excellent Michael Musto writes today : "I hear that a recent Saturday Night Live after-bash there was highlighted by the machinations of former host LINDSAY LOHAN , the greedy little vixen who's already had AARON CARTER and chased COLIN FARRELL , and he's only about 40! Lohan was caught squealing, 'Where's Jimmy? Where's JIMMY FALLON ?' with a sense of determination not seen since the OLSEN TWINS first grabbed for menstrual pads. Observers feel either she's had him or she wanted to have himand sheesh, haven't we all in our more sensible moments? Alas, Fallon wasn't there, so the big-boobed starlet got to work trying to reach him on his cell phoneagain, haven't we all?and, being both a moral citizen and a college graduate, I don't even want to know what happened next." Lohan sounds like Paris Hilton . Out : The Brittany Murphy Crezzy Watch . She so cray-zee . Who will go crazy first: urlLink Brittney Murphy , she of the big brown crazy eyes , or urlLink Sadie Frost , she of the angry/sad face? I'm betting on Murphy, because according to urlLink Page Six : "BRITTANY Murphy and top talent manager Jeff Kwatinetz have officially entered Splitsville. The Tinseltown twosome, who have been engaged for a year, called it quits after a 'bad' trip to Paris a few weeks ago. Kwatinetz is the one who called off the wedding, said our source, who claimed Kwatinetz is 'still in love' with his ex, Michelle Dupont , who's now dating Adrien Brody . To make thing even more awkward, both Murphy and Brody are represented by Kwatinetz's company, The Firm ." Wait a second ... didn't Adrien Brody just ... never mind. Anyhoo : Crazy girl plus public breakup equals nervous breakdown. We predict Brittany Murphy should have some kind of meltdown by Labor Day. With those big crazy eyes. In : urlLink My pal Casey is so in . Want to hear urlLink the history of a relationship New York-style ? Check it out, pepper , you won't be disappointed. Out : urlLink Keith Blanchard at Maxim . According to Adweek , Felix Dennis is looking for a new editor up at Maxim. Our guess: How about urlLink Jenna Jameson ? No? Okay. In : A Day in the life of Ludwig Heissmeyer , Assistant Designer, Carolina Herrera ( urlLink didn't Solzenitzin write that ?), urlLink at Fashionweekdaily : " 1:00pm : On my way back to the office I stop at Pret a Manger for lunch. I love French food. I decide on a crawfish sandwich accompanied by tomato and mozzarella and a delicious chocolate chip cookieok, make that two. I take it to the office where I join my lovely co-workers for a well-deserved break." By the way, isn't urlLink Carolina Herrera the hottest older woman you've ever seen? Elegant in that jet set older woman way. And you know urlLink Gemini men like me are attracted to older, sophisticated lassies, you know, like the type who can whisper sexy phrases in your ear in seven languages. I know, I'm such a Gemini. Out : Michael Musto could never be out, but he may be "outing" someone at Fox: "... As for the folks who think we're doing great in Iraq, is it possible that onewell, at least oneof the right-wing maniacs on the Fox News Channel is 'fairy and unbalanced'? The Washington Blade's KEVIN NAFF just wrote an editorial saying that on a recent visit to a New York gay bar, one of that channel's anchors got a wee bit tipsy and hit on him Lindsay Lohan-style. Naff responded by telling the sauced star that he's not single, and besides he would never date anyone in the closet. (Same hereI won't take anyone out unless he's already out.) Spies tell me the guy in question is the one who said 'blowjob' on the air and was recently linked to NICOLE KIDMAN. How poetic! Maybe gay botes should start 'Closeted Only' nights, with half-price poppers bottle service."

 Cookie O Puss? Fudgie the Whale? The Ghost of Tom Carvel Lives On So little did I know when perusing urlLink The Gothamist today that a repressed childhood memory might spring up out of my already overwrought artistic consciousness, catching me unaware, leaving me gasping in terror, clutching at the very edges of sanity , contemplating its significance. The Gothamist mentioned: "To celebrate their 70th anniversary, urlLink Carvel Ice Cream is attempting to build the world's largest ice cream pie in Union Square right now. They started at 9AM, and Gothamist hears they are giving out free pies! "As many people who grew up in areas where there were Carvel ice cream stores, the theme song was 'Car-vel...Fresh...Ice...Cream,' ( The Corsair shudders) and the most beloved ice cream cakes were Fudgie the Whale and Cookie Puss , who must the coolest ice cream cake ever. As legend has it, Cookie Puss was a St. Patrick's Day cake ('Cookie O'Puss'). urlLink The Beastie Boys even wrote a song called Cookie Puss . And, as one commenter points out, Tom Carvel invented soft-serve ice cream AND did the voice-overs for the Carvel commericals." Okay , you say, what is this overblown drama about sundry processed milk products? Is The Corsair urlLink lactose intolerant ? urlLink Why doesn't he eat his fear ? Hardly . Tom Carvel freaked the fucking hell out of me when I was a kid. I've never told anyone about this, so, here goes ... Every time those low rent commercials came on, usually on the local channels, with that sepulchral, asthmatic-wheezy voice of Tom Carvel , one foot in the grave, issuing forth emphazematic pleas for me to buy a fucking "Fudgie the Whale," or a goddamned "Cookie O' Puss," concoction, I .. I .. it ... it gives me the fucking willies , is what it does. I just freaked out, man, I couldn't handle it . (shivers) There was something distinctly trailer-trash-creepy about Carvel, as if Dairy Queen would be a step up. One might imagine that Crystal Meth might go over well with a Cookie O Puss, no ? Whenever I passed by a Carvel as a child, I saw Archie and Edith Bunker mingling with reckless youth with no shirts on smoking Marlboro's with their free hand, feeling up their loose girlfriends with the other. All in a night of fun at Carvel (thems good eats). I've tried to make this blog a refutation of that haphazard lifestyle, that ... urlLink David Lynchian Carvelness. I call it Americana Horror. And what about that squidlike voice-that-could-break-glass: Cookie O' Puss ? Was that supposed to be cute ? Were we supposed to want to eat something with that voice, and that flawed in it's basic industrial design? I, for one, will be far, far away from Union Square. Thank you Gothamist, for helping me relive that ghastly childhood horror.

 William Hung Faces Death Threats According to that significant cultural artifact, and you know of which I speak, namely, true believer, urlLink The National Enquirer, William Hung is facing death threats : " SHE BANGS ? He hopes not! 'American Idol' reject urlLink William Hung has been hit with death threats, sources have told The ENQUIRER. The 21-year-old Asian-American singer -- who mangles hits by Ricky Martin , Elton John and others -- is so scared, he refuses to croon at nightclubs, say sources. But Hung is not so hung up that he refuses to play arenas or stadiums where he is far from the crowd. SCARED "'William says he's frightened to death of playing small venues, like nightclubs,' divulged a music industry insider." The Corsair knows he shouldn't laugh, but, well ... " urlLink After his private telephone number somehow got out on the Internet , threats started pouring in from crackpots. 'He recently turned down more than $250,000 for 30 personal appearances at different nightclubs around the country.' "Hung told the promoter who offered him the deal that he's taking the threats very seriously and said, 'I guess some people out there don't like me.' " Fortunately, the University of California Berkeley engineering student feels comfortable regaling large audiences with his rendition of 'She Bangs' and other unique stylings." Other unique stylings?

 Best of Corsair: The Democratic Party Veepstakes, Next Secretary of State Ever since urlLink NBC News Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent Andrea Mitchell , a graduate student in power, the wife of Fed Reserve Chief Allan Greenspan , suggested that urlLink Hillary Clinton wants the veep slot , it has been hers to lose. The problem with Hillary, and there are quite a few, is that she doesn't bring much to the ticket and she polarizes her opposition like no one in the world. Of course, she is also a geniune celebrity beloved like a goddess among African-American, Latino and Asian women. But Kerry already does well with women; he married a tough one, and that attracts the ladies -- a man unaffraid of a strong woman -- like nothing in this world. Kerry will win New York. Kerry will win the Northeast ( urlLink although New Jersey, surprisingly, is looking like it is in play , thanks to the charismatically challenged urlLink Governor, McGreevey ). In a sense, Hillary would have been much more useful to the ticket had she run for the Senate seat in Arkansas, where a Southern base would mark her head and shoulders above the sunny and optimistic bright Senator John Edwards , which, quite frankly, she is not. The problem with Hillary is that she was too tepid, she didn't run ; Edwards did -- and thus, among many, he should get the nod, it's his turn ; Edwards took the risk. Hillary Odds: 50-50 John Edwards : Neck and neck with Hill. Pro: Electoral College votes. A bombshell convention speech in Prime time to show off his looks. A player in the party to come. 50-50 Plus, appropos of nothing, Edwards is a Gemeni, and a Gemeni along with a Sagittarius Kerry, would be spectacular ( okay , now you can discount all my other analysis because I mentioned astrology) urlLink Max Cleland . The Corsair believes that he is the likely choice for a running mate. Pros: From Georgia, brings the South back into the mix ... former Senator ... triple amutee war hero would make a strong veterans campaign with Kerry -- and Vets are liely Republican voters ... expert on Homeland Security (big plus, as national security is a Republican stronghold) which Bill Clinton in a closed door meeting warned that the nominee must be strong on ... strong on health care ... could humiliate chicken hawk Cheney in a debate Cons : Health might be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : it's a fucking long ass sojourn through the country for a Veep, from Labor Day till the election -- can Cleland do it? I think so. Odds on favorite ) urlLink Gary Hart Pros : Vast intellect, PhD, Oxford, Political Philosophy ... wise from his time out in the political wilderness ... Strong in the Southwest ... devastating debator Cons : Old adultery charge may still stick in the Bible Belt ... may be more useful to the Democratic Party in a Senate bid against the very weak Ben Knighthorse Campbell ( note : Campbell will not seek relection) ... Possible Secretary of State , a la his hero, Jefferson ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 ) urlLink Bill Richardson Pros: Governor of ultra-crucial New Mexico ... Latino ... former UN Ambassador and urlLink seasoned diplomat would give international cooperation credit points to ticket Cons : None. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : hot like salsa) urlLink Wesley Clark Pros: Longshot, but if he wins big in Oklahoma and the conservative Southwest he could be in the cut ... General would give strong military backing to ticket ... would humiliate chickenhawk Cheney in a debate ... strong with African-Americans Cons : Too closely tied to Bill Clinton, who wants Hillary '08, which may be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : Wes is bitter as the Clintonistas dumped his ass as soon as he started looking like yesterday's donuts. Could be Sec of Defense in a Kerry White House. An effective military attack dog. Will work well with a Cleland Veep) urlLink Dick Gephardt Pros : Outside of Cleland and Edwards, the most likely running mate ... most popular pol in pivotal swing state Missouri ... would be perfect for a Kerry-Gephardt Northern labor-veterans strategy against a Bush South ... comes with the backing of labor, a Democratic must needs ... a truly good guy who dropped out and endorsed Kerry early: he did the right thing Cons : Wooden on the stump, charismatically challenged (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: this ticket may be too damn Northern top heavy. Could be the greatest and most powerful Sec of Labor in US history in a Kerry White House) urlLink Evan Bayh Pros: Young up and comer, popular moderate Democrat from a Republican state ... would look good stumping with Kerry ... strong political family ... Would play well in Bush states ... hugely ambitious for national office, a quick study Cons : A long shot ... may not even be able to deliver Indiana, his home state, against Bush ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : not bloody likely, but it would harken to the Tom Sawyer-Huck Finnish days of Clinton-Gore '92) urlLink Bob Graham Pros : Most Aggressively Campaigning for this position ... got out early ... most popular elected official in CRUCIAL Florida ... Senate Intelligence Committee Cons : Bad ticker ... charisma challenged. (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: The Corsair believes that Graham, who lusts after this position so badly that our computer screen is blurred, prolly had a deal with the Dean peeps, so he may be radioactive to Kerry; then again loyalty, in politics, is urlLink mobile, like la donna ) Others: urlLink Florida Senator Bill Nelson is as exciting as a glass of tea. urlLink Indiana Senator Evan Bayh's name , which has been aggressively floated for the past week, will NEVER be the nominee. Evan Bayh cannot even deliver Indiana to the Democrats, the Hoosier state is Republican for life. He is too conservative and he knows it. Ae has to be. He is a Democrat in Indiana, which is as rare as Paris Hilton rejecting a sexual offer or Courtney Love declining some "h". But it serves a Machiavellian purpose: floating Evan Bayh's name is like a shot of steroids, it raises his name recognition, like free campaign commercials, it strengthens his hold on a tenuous position, namely, being a Democrat in Indiana. The Next Secretary of State Democrats Walter Isaacson : It may not yet be his time. Wise, Aspen leader. N'Orleans Democrat with Founding Father best seller and media-philosophy cred. 85-1 Zbigniew Brzezinski : This man's name is more complicated than mine -- and that's a feat. He is auditioning hard with urlLink his new tome , which took a bit of an ass whipping in the urlLink New York Review of Books . He is unbelieveably brash for a man who armed urlLink the Mujahadein . A little too inside for Kerry to get away with appointing, then again, Jimmy Carter broke everyone's heart when he campaigned as a urlLink peanut farming outsider , then appointed the ultimate Trilateralist insider urlLink Cyrus Vance to State. 65-1 Richard Holbrooke : No one wants State more than Ambassador Holbrooke. And, while we are on the subject, since when do UN Ambassadors urlLink go out with Diane Sawyer ? Huh, urlLink Dick ? urlLink Impressive resume . Holbrooke is a master operator and a player who cultivates the air of inevitability that he will ultimately be the Secretary of State of the US, the world's last standing superpower, astride the globe like a mighty colossus. 50-50 urlLink Jamie Rubin : It may not be his time yet. He is too young, the John Edwards of the foreign policy elite set. urlLink Madeline Albright's pretty toy boy . A lock as possible UN Ambassador under Kerry. Hedged his bets on urlLink Wesley Clarke , and lost. Side note: His wife, Christiane Amanpour , may be the most important television journalist, and he himself is on the fast track to UN Ambassador, State, and, possibly, UN Secretary General. This is the glamour couple for the next age: The Age of International Law. 95-1 urlLink Gary Hart : This is my favorite choice, because now that Daniel Patrick Moynihan has passed on, no one is wiser or more intelligent on such a wide variety of subjects than Hart. And he gets along well with Kerry. Affairs will not matter at State, although you can be sure convoluted arguments will come from the Bible Belt ("hey, his past infidelities could be used as against you by a foreign spy.") 50-50 Republicans Now this here is the only game in town. Three major figures want this post: urlLink Newt Gingrich : A favorite of the Hawkish conservatives. So ambitious that he urlLink attacked Colin Powell in the urlLink neocon rags . While still sitting at State. Oh, it was on like urlLink Gray Poupon ! An enemy of George Bush the Elder , which may hurt his chances of advancing in the Bush dynasty. Poppy still has juice. 50-50 James Baker : You don't get any oilier than urlLink James E. Baker , who allegedly called Arabs, "sand ni**ers at a cabinet meeting." Baker is the dirtiest player in the game. Reeks of thwarted ambition. Why was George Bush, that punk President and he -- he, the mastermind -- secretary of state?! And only for part of the term at that! An unfinished Secretary of State stewardship, helping your Poppy's reelection: come on Dubya, you owe me . 50-50 Paul Bremer : A Bush favorite. Close with the Dynasty. His fortunes within the dynasty depend entirely upon the Iraqi power handoff, and whether he scores, or drops the ball. Slim chance. Al Graib probably ruined his chances.

 Soprano Chat: Adriana Gets Whacked I won't say I told you so, but despite rumors to the contrary, Drea de Matteo's long suffering character, the misunderstood urlLink Adriana La Cerva , got whacked -- sadly -- on urlLink last week's installment of the hit HBO Sunday night drama The Soprano's , urlLink clearing the way for her to play Matt LeBlanc's uptight sister, Gina , in the urlLink NBC sit com Joey . As Adam Brickman wrote in the urlLink New York Post back in March : "HBO would not comment on Adriana's status on 'The Sopranos,' citing its long-standing policy against revealing future plot developments. "Sources insist that De Matteo's work on 'Joey' will not conflict with 'The Sopranos,' which is filmed at various locations in New York and New Jersey. 'She is contracted for a sixth season' of 'The Sopranos,' an HBO source said." Riiight . How will the vulnerable Chris-tuh-fuh take it? Even though, as the cold blooded Sylvio muttered ominously, "... he's a resilient guy," (shouldn't that have been the tip off, Ade?) we know, in our heart of snarky hearts, that he "really loved her." Almost as much as the "h" he sniffed before T but a boot in his complacent ass, as they all veer closer to all out War. So, who gets whacked next ? Comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Blog Ever

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Bloggers . urlLink Daniel Radosh writes in this week's New Yorker : "Two years from nowgive or take urlLink Elizabeth Spiers , the founding editor of the gossip Web sites urlLink Gawker and urlLink The Kicker , will publish her first novel. Around the same time, Glenn Reynolds , who writes the political Web log urlLink Instapundit , will also have a book in stores. So, too, may writers from the blogs urlLink Hit and Run , urlLink The Black Table , urlLink Dong Resin , urlLink Zulkey , urlLink Low Culture , urlLink Lindsayism , urlLink Megnut , urlLink Maud Newton , urlLink MemeFirst , urlLink Old Hag , urlLink PressThink , urlLink I Keep a Diary , urlLink Buzz Machine , urlLink Engadget , and urlLink Eurotrash . Suddenly, books by bloggers will be a trend, a cultural phenomenon. You will probably read about it in the Sunday Times . And when that happens the person to thankor blamewill be Kate Lee , who is currently a twenty-seven-year-old assistant at International Creative Management ." To this, urlLink Gawker writes, "Anyway, guess we'll find out when Kate sells her first book. Ah, the hype before the storm. "Wait -- doesn't anyone want to see my book proposal? Hello?" I'll cosign on that Choire, my little soupbones. What about The Corsair's novel urlLink deal , Kate darling (in best growly 'what's new pussycat' Warren Beatty voice)? Hello? Out : Marriage , for the Catwoman; nine lives, yes, nine marriages, JHo; nein . Halle Berry said she will never get married again, urlLink according to Ananova , via The Oprah Winfrey Show : " Halle Berry says she will never get married again after discovering that her second husband Eric Benet was cheating on her. "She admits in a TV interview with Oprah Winfrey to air in the US tomorrow that stories last year that Benet was having an affair were true. "Berry, who filed for divorce from Benet earlier this year tells Winfrey : 'It's probably the first time the tabloids got my life right!' "She also said that her latest role as urlLink Catwoman , in which she wears a leather catsuit, helped her take control of her life. "... I'll never get married again, and I always hate to say never to anything, but I will never marry again." Pass the gospel on to serial bride JLo , sister. BTW : No, that's not a massive tumor on Halle's head, that's a mask. In : Adam Moss' vibrant, urlLink new New York Magazine takes a long, hard look at past SNL stars who exited the show with the highest of hopes and urlLink the lowest grade piece-of-ass scripts (listen up, Mr. Fallon , school is in session, the teacher is professor urlLink Logan Hill ), "Once the most precocious SNL alum, Eddie Murphy plummeted from the heights of Beverly Hills Cop. After lampooning Mr. Rogers and playing blue in Raw, he got caught with a pre-op transsexual prostitute named Shalimar in 1997, but recovered at the box office by churning out enough parent-approved pap (Daddy Day Care and the upcoming Daddy Day Camp) to shrug off his flop Pluto Nash ." Ah, suki-suki. Who added the dash of Wasabi to NY Mag? urlLink Adam Moss did , that's who. Out : $500 on steaks and $4,000 on wine . According to urlLink Page Six , " EVANDER Holyfield at Nello's washing down two kobe steaks ($250 apiece) with a $4,000 bottle of Screaming Eagle wine to celebrate his deal with Don King to fight Vitali Klitschko this summer." What about the urlLink goddamned pomme frites ! You can urlLink beat a man to death and still eat like a monarch. Only in America. In : Everyone on urlLink K Street is asking: Can The President present a unified Party and a unified vision ? urlLink TheHill.com reports : " President Bush will visit with congressional Republicans today in the Capitol amid growing levels of tension between the White House and GOP leaders. "House and Senate leaders invited the president, who has big-ticket legislative items pending, to address members, something he has not done in the Capitol since last May. "The meeting will take place in the basement of the Capitol, and Bush is expected to take questions." urlLink The Republicans are grumbling , urlLink eating their own , urlLink the moderates are growing restless, urlLink the anti-immigration hordes are upset . Can Dubya shore up the party, especially after his fall in the polls and his urlLink symbolic fall from his bike ? Out : JLo in Russia . Moscow snow drifting off her high water booty: priceless . urlLink According to British Vogue : " JENNIFER LOPEZ has chosen Moscow as a venue for her first shop launch. The singer, actress and fashion designer is expected to attend a party to launch the shop, which will stand alongside the likes of Calvin Klein and Ungaro in the Crocus City Mall , on May 31. Aimed at the city's richest 12 to 15-year-olds, the boutique is an attempt to create an 'interactive shopping experience', with plasma screens showing off Lopez's image constantly, huge sofas and music booths playing her records. 'There will be a swing chair and girls are expected to come with their friends to have a good time,' Tatyana Stoliarskaya , a spokeswoman for the mall, told The Hindu. The 300 sq metre shop will sell clothes, jeans, belts jewellery, sunglasses and a new line of lingerie that will debut during the opening fashion show. 'Moscow for Jennifer represents the ultimate in beauty, luxury and culture,' according to press release about the store." Interessant. In : urlLink Curbed , the snarky real estate blog, brought to you by the my man urlLink Lockhart Steele , who'se got it on lockdown. It's so choice, I highly recommend it: "Newly up for grabs: the Tribeca loft purchased by Sean Combs for $3.65 million. He never moved in, which justifies a $650k price jump." Out : urlLink Clay Aiken, fast living, beer drinking womanizer . Right (link via urlLink Stereogum via urlLink Lauraslashtemp ). In : P Diddy: The Fragrance. JLo's opening a joint in Russia, and The Diddy's making scents, urlLink according to the AP : " Sean Combs seems to have teamed up musically with everyone, from Notorious B.I.G. and Usher to Sting and Dave Navarro . But his next collaboration, through his fashion designer persona, is with Estee Lauder: The cosmetics company is planning to create and market a new line of fragrances under the rapper's Sean John name. "'People express themselves in many ways through their music, through the way they dress, and also through the fragrance they choose, so deciding to make a fragrance was very natural for me,' Combs said Thursday." The scent is said to contain oil of Glock . Kidding. Out : urlLink Kerry's convention plan -- floated convention plan -- sucks. William Safire, however, has a brilliant idea: set up the Dem Convention, next time around, at the same time as the Republican, allow competition to flourish. urlLink Networks hate conventions . They could sell ad space on almost any show better than a convention. But with the two parties competing, you double the ante.

 Harry Potter and the Chattering Class Allow me to amend an months old blog and update it for the new readers (AKA people who wouldn't give me the time of day when my blog was puke green and electric blue): Far be it from me , a lowly blogger, a peddler of the snark, to impede the progress of all the primping and preening that goes on among the chattering classes. I mean, they do deserve their time to waddle in the sun being as they explain reality to the rest of the world daily, via their nesting centers in NY , DC and LA , and occasionally urlLink Davos and The Charlie Rose Show and, sometimes, the cover of Vanity Fair (unless, of course, urlLink you are African-American ) Sometimes the chattering class appear to be unruly students at urlLink J K Rowlings' mythical Hogwarts , struggling in childlike wonder with The Big Questions of Our Day in ermine robes of state ( The New Yorker is especially good at this). Imagine, if you will, urlLink Eisner or, say, Michael Powell , as urlLink Voldemortian forces lying in wait in support of media consolidation ! Not too much of a urlLink wizarding stretch , I hope. And so , I present, as it were, on the fly, a virtual Hogwartsesque yearbook, in tandem with the latest Harry Potter release (the school song a martial, Murdochian anthem, possibly in urlLink Mandarin Chinese ?), without the pictures: For your pleasure , urlLink Rupert Murdoch HS, Class of 2004 (stands at attention, hums anthem solemnly): roll credits Who's Who : Barry Diller , Headmaster, urlLink Dumbledoresque mogul standing athwart urlLink media consolidation urlLink Don Imus ... shifty-eyed leathery janitorial-type (think of the creepy Carl the Janitor in urlLink The Breakfast Club ) ... urlLink Slytherin ... Affrimative Action for leathery geeks past their expiration date urlLink Felix Dennis , (rolls eyes; extended averted gaze) Sex ed, to be sure ... like most rich eccentric Brits, aspires to be a cigarette-smoking artist ( urlLink poet ); a Byron ... some of his lines: "As jealousy anticipates revenge/ So envy swamps compassion in its wake; Thus petty men seek insults to avenge/ And reaching for a ladder grasp a snake" ... the snake reference is obvious, but ... what-the- fuck ?! ... so, urlLink Mr. Beer and Bikini wants to throw down poesis? ... Pussy-boy Harvey Weinstein , Lucky Mascot , who portrays a rat named Eisner ... Although Big Harv fills out the mascot costume well, his feet are dainty : he cannot fill Michael's shoes... tough guy... hangs with Pat Buchanan , Steve Brill and the Dead Rabbits , urlLink the school gang ... aggressive bad taste (the anti- Kurt Andersen ), which becomes evident when he slices and dices a true auteur's bacon ... Thanks for giving us urlLink Benigni , ass ... soon to become rich off of serendipity, and urlLink Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 911 ... Fortune smiles on the Weinsteins ... A/V Club ... urlLink Slytherinesque Jim Romenesko , Head, urlLink Gryffindor House ... dry wit ... Best Personality ... creator of the most significant media blog ... humor, letters, memorials and breaking news for us navel-gazers urlLink Bonnie Fuller , The urlLink Dark Arts ... "I was the girl in the front row of class with my hand held very high. And I wore glasses." ... Thanks for sharing ... Will shadenfreude turn against Bonnie? ... well known for giving her students inordinate, no, Gargantuan amounts of homework ... burning bridges, making benjamins ... gossip zeitgeist 101 ... doesn't play well with Jann urlLink Walter Isaacson , Diplomatic History ... serious man with the urlLink weight of history on his shoulders ... casts a cold eye towards the purple twilight emanating from Washington and sees, with gemlike clarity, the crisis of the West ... urlLink Time Inc and Old Man Luce's old job aint what it used to be ... waiting for something better to come along ... future Secretary of State? ... N'Orleans ... coiled potential energy ... founder , Model UN ... a good man and hard worker ... urlLink Hufflepuff Harry Evans , American History, Department Chair .. Oh, urlLink Mr. Magoo , you did it again! ... a bit distant ... house husband ... Tina Brown is his A student, Al Gore to his Marty Peretz ... writes elaborate coffee table books that no one really reads ... well liked in the media ... hosts "events" for out-in-the-wilderness weekly called ... urlLink The Week (which wifey Tina plugs on her very own Topic A). Roger Ebert , Cinema, Chair ...Most European Midwesterner ever ... argumentative in a grandfatherly way ... simplistic thumbs up technique of cinema criticism ... will give at least one crappy studio picture the thumbs up per show , just so that Hollywood doesn't lock him out altogether and also to show that he has a sense of humor about poo ... would rather be watching urlLink Resnais ... what was he thinking in going with that egocentric Frat Boy, Roeper for urlLink TA ? urlLink Arianna Huffington , Women in History and Art ... Absolutely brilliant and rhetorically stunning ... Our urlLink Livia Frighteningly ambitious ... Darkly beautiful in her wraith ... Then : rival for Sally Quinn's social position as doyenne of DC; Now : so Unelected Mayor of Hollywood ... Ravenclaw urlLink Sidney Blumenthal ... How to brownnose your way from "objective" observer to Presidential aide ... urlLink more popular in Europe , while his rival, Christopher Hitchens is, ironically, urlLink more popular in America ... as smart as he is well dressed ... urlLink Ravenclaw ... Great haircut. urlLink Donald Trump , Milton Friedman Chair , Economics ... "you're fired" ... odd implausible orangey hair ... likes Eastern European women ... "there is no such thing as a free lunch" ... short fingered vulgarian ... purchased a modeling agency and a beauty pagent ... insatiable publicity hound ... louche : there is no other way to describe this man : turned urlLink Mar a Lago , an historic and palatial home, a masterpiece , into a pay-per-play resort (cafe society debutantes and urlLink Town and Country subscribers faint on cue) ... plasters his urlLink Hancockian signature on every monstrosity he erects... a gassbag ... a strong argument against democratic capitalism ... urlLink so Slytherin it hurts urlLink Steve Irwin , Care of Magical Creatures ... urlLink Mulleted ; a grown man who wears short pants .. for he so loved the aligators that he was prepared to give his child ... your typical urlLink yabbo urlLink Greta Von Susteren , Defense Against the Dark Arts ... don't let the flawless legalese fool you, this former lawyer, Gret, is also a former Swedish Foreign Exchange Student ... "is -- ya-ya ?" ... can't give her books away, God bless her ...bolted sinking AOHell for the sly FOX ... the latest lawyer turned journo to get some "face" ... and speaking of face, don't even get me started on her eyes urlLink Sue Simmons , Potions ... longtime anchor of evening news cast ... does not play well with others ... no , don't ask me why I included Sue here, I can't figure it out either ... flubs cue cards regularly. urlLink Maureen Dowd , Transfiguration ... sexy, hip bohemian aunt type ... apparently she dated urlLink Michael Douglas ... regularly vivisects the Bush Administration urlLink Ted Turner ... fired urlLink his own son ... Jane Fonda tried to hook him up with subservient urlLink Republican Bo Derek urlLink Larry David , urlLink Hufflepuff ... urlLink hard worker ... peeves easily ... the postmodern urlLink Charlie Brown urlLink Dick Parsons , Juggling ... gee, thanks for transferring the CEO job to me right here, right now , Gerry Coach Regis Philbin , Football ... wanna be tough guy circa 1950 cred was shot when "Coach Reege" took off his shirt in protest of a referees decision and revealed unseemly "man teats" ... likes to play career-enhancing sugar daddy to younger girls ... Brylcream man ... essentially, harmless ... looks like the type of man who wears (makes bracket marks in the air) "old man" garters urlLink Martin Peretz , Civics Chair ... Does not call on African American Students ... Secretly compares every student to his star pupil, Al Gore '00 ... out of power and melancholy about it ... oh, so godamm urlLink Slytherin Upperclassmen ( Intermezzo ) David Remnick , Senior ... Hufflepuff ... lends intellectual glamour to the Conde Nast set Fareed Zakaria , Senior ... dreams dark and reptilian dreams of becoming Secretary of State ... Junior Kissinger- urlLink Metternich Appreciation Society, founder and sole member ... regards the post at State as, "my preciousss" ... oh, just so ya know: urlLink Slytherin .... Why Bismark Matters 101 ... weeps openly at Wagner's urlLink Der Ring Des Niebelungenlied when Wotan steals the ring of power ("it's so true !"). Christopher Hitchens , Senior ... formidable debater ... a good man ... The Corsair's first media mentor ... does not play well with Sidney Blumenthal ... pugnacious, honest ... Next Move: MSNBC Show? urlLink Kurt Andersen , Senior . Most Likely to Succed ... National Honor Society ... Architecture Club ... Ham Radio ... Editor, ... dry as a martini ... Elder Brother of New York Media ... sharp eye ... highbrow aesthetics ... Next move: PBS documentary on the Media urlLink Bill Kristol , Senior ... Most Intellectual boy ... however, misreads Plato ; CW: Neocons down, Realists up ! ... didn't mesh well with Cokie and Sam ... hijacked US Foreign policy with his pen ... Most Likely to Misuse Power ... Senior Officer ... Next Move: Senior Foreign Policy Advisor urlLink Christiane Amanpour and Jamie Rubin ... The Investigators ... National Honor Society ... Power Couple ... Best All Around ... urlLink Madeline always liked him best ... She does a heck of a lot of reporting on blood, urlLink mutilation and body fluids ... is he a future Secretary of State? Over Isaacson's dead body ... she: Orianna Falaci ; he" Thomas Jefferson ... so International Chic that it hurts urlLink Maria Bartiromo , Senior ... flirts with Francis Ford Copolla (Francis said that for her urlLink he had a part , but The Corsair believes urlLink he just wants a piece )... Big waifish eyes known to make grown men turn to urlLink calamari estofado ... call me, Maria? ... ( The Corsair goes back to wistfully nursing a double shot of Cutty Sark ) urlLink Michael Hirschorn , Senior . Best Personality ... Editor ... Most Friendly ... Full of Most Smiles ... Turned the boring campus tv station into "must see" tv ... Everybody's Favorite Cousin ... Next Move: Heading up mini prestige studio, the next Miramax urlLink David Letterman , Senior ... Number two to Leno ... Midwestern Existential Americana: observe carefully urlLink Kierkegaard's Concept of Dread play itself out on network television in real time ... mellowing out; growing up ... accepting of himself ... Varsity Football ... Wittiest ... in the reddish-bronze twilight of his career ... passes the torch and becomes a happy family man (a ream of the red states as opposed to a urlLink dream of the red mansion ) urlLink Eric Alterman , Senior ... Not handsome ... looks to be in a perpetual state of constipation ... the official face of the left ( The Corsair slowly, disgustedly claps hands sarcastically, like Bender in the urlLink Breakfast Club upon seeing Molly Ringwald apply lipstick with her breasts) ... Worst Personality ... National Honor Society ... phony liberal: rails against aristocratic hierarchy, yet covets swishy party invites to media events ... dick ... Wenner school of liberalism urlLink Andre Leon Talley , Senior ... deceptively intelligent despite position of distinction among the Conde Nast crowd, who favor, uhm, lightness of being ... Mitigating factor: Diana Vreeland watched urlLink Soul Train with him; how cool is that? ... next move James Truman's anyone? urlLink Katrina Van Den Heuvel , Gryfindor , Senior ... pretty and brainy student of Russian poetry, history and philosophy ... Most Courteous ... waifish, idealistic and striving for the good... Best All Around ... lone voice among angry commentators ... often in over her head ... a good and honest woman ... next move: Ambassador to Russia ? urlLink Les Moonves , Senior, Slitherin ... Mr. urlLink Julie Chen ... a wanna be big screen thespian with a face made for for back office politics urlLink Richard Johnson , Senior ... The epitome of cool ... arbiter elegentiae , baby ... Our urlLink Petronius , and we wouldn't have it any other way urlLink Michael Wolff , Senior . National Honor Society ... Young Enterpeneurs ... Goes where the action is ... sharp social observer ... can be abrasive ... not afraid to mix it up in the business world, which is rare among writers ... doesn't play well with Tina ... Vanity Fair bound urlLink Anna Wintour , Senior Too Cool For School ... Winter Sports Queen ... Fashion plate ... Joined at the hip with Andre Leon Talley ... Chair, Remove the Popcorn Machines From the Cafeteria Drive ... resolved: food should have no smell ... "I need these minks killed in the most horrid way urlLink imaginable ... it adds to the lustre of the coat" ... called Cruella de Ville behind her back... cranky cause she's hungry urlLink Campbell Brown , Senior ... Full of the Most Smiles ... Most Courteous ... "hottie" ... What ever happened with Richard Branson that night when he stole your shoe? urlLink David Hershkovits and Kim Hastreiter , Seniors. Most School Spirit ... Wittiest Couple ... nurturers of the bohemian flame ... next move: VH1 or E! Network show urlLink Michael Musto , Senior ... Class Favorite ... a good man: Gryffindor all the way ... Wittiest ... bohemian ... the downtown scoop Charlie Rose , Senior ... Has amiably carried the Dick Cavett mantle in his stately bill ... Most Courteous ... "Lawrd almighteh, when will urlLink Wallace retire so that I can take his spot!" ... Could have been a fine Democrat Senator from NC -- he has the name recognition and the looks -- but, ultimately, that doesn't pay as much as urlLink CBS and urlLink Bloomberg Jon Stewart , Senior ... Class Clown ... urlLink Gryfindor all the way ... a good man who made us laugh after the horror of 9-11 ... national treasure urlLink Dan Rather , Senior ... Eerie serial killer-like stare (and, no, not the urlLink CBS one-eye )... Psychology Club ... Young Democrats ... signs off school Ham Radio program, "what's the frequency" ... Confused ... very strang; retire Dan, retire urlLink Bill Mahar , Senior ... once class clown ... now more mature, tried by a bitchlap by the Mouse network ... chastened, now evenhanded in his insults to both right and left ... hugely talented but routinely overlooked ... urlLink Wolf Blitzer , Senior ... The Wolf ... A- Woo! ... "Turn up that urlLink Memphis Bleek , Wolf" ... "Stop bogarting the last beer, Wolf" ... hungry like the Wolf ... busted smuggling beer into the rooms during Senior Ski Trip ... that crazy guy ... "Road trip, Wolfmeister ! I got shotgun!" ... Best Personality ... he's not a bird, he's Wolf urlLink Brian Lamb , Senior ... Serious Thinker ... Most School Spirit ... Martin Van Buren Society, founder and sole member ... " Pat Buchanan and Steven Brill stole my lunch money!" ... perhaps the only man to own a collectirs DVD set of everything dome by Ken Burns ... genuinely and passionately in geek love with all things American ... Hufflepuffish ... Hes not a Lamb, urlLink he's a dove . urlLink Lloyd Grove , Transfer Student from DC. Started out slow, but is getting better ... the most Washington-Politics-based NY Gossip column ever ... We like Lloyd . Toby Young , expelled ... flew back to urlLink Britain ... punk ass urlLink Pat O'Brien , Senior ... "Everyone, look at me!" ... "Demi, what do you think of me as Governor of South Dakota?" ... "Everyone, look at me !" ... "Look at meeee " Howard Kurtz , Senior ... editor, school paper ... protective of the institution of journalism ... Gryffindoresque ... got a little wrapped up in the urlLink K Street celebrity politics thing , but came around in time ... when will we see a Reliable Sources on the Graydon mess? David Chase , Senior ... fuggedaboudit! ... ear for dialogue ... Why'd you kill Adriana? Bruce Wasserman , Senior ... urlLink dates New York Mag , the head cheerleader, which comes with built in social cachet ... from geek to chic Liz Smith , Senior ... Texan ... Likes to quote intellectuals up front to distract from puffy column: but we like puffy gossip, Liz ... good natured; Illuminati ... secretly controls urlLink New York Geraldo Rivera , Senior ... shiny .. kisses and tells: in print! ... the ladies bathroom wall has detailed warnings of this man's antics: Bette Midler ? Kisses fingers when he signs off his Fox News show ... running gag at the Washington's Correspondents Dinner, but doesn't get the joke ... ex-lawyer turned journo: that explains everything (Think Brill) urlLink Tina Brown , Senior ... Topic A: Party Girl ... Gabba, Gabba, Hey ... Secretly dating Mr. Evans, the American History Teacher ... Gossip! ... "Where's Barry Diller?" ...Wild about Harry ... "Barry?" urlLink Graydon Carter , Senior ... Leader of the Snobby Conde Nast Clique ... Too Cool For School ... Full of the Most Smiles ... Young Democrats ... Winston Lights ... That's so First Room , Toby ... Bloomberg Sucks ... architectonic hair urlLink Vanitas Vanitatum urlLink Michael Barone , Senior ... Mathematics Club ... AV Club ... " Calvin Coolige Society ... " Pat Buchanan and Steve Brill stole my lunch money!" ... ... has urlLink bandy legs urlLink Laura Zalaznick , Senior ... Most Intellectual Girl ... Art Club ... "Did you see that documentary last night on PBS?" ... National Honor Society ... The revolution will not be televised because we are the tv revolution urlLink George Stephanopouos and Ali Wentworth , Seniors ... Golden Boy and Girl ... Twice a day? Really? ... A power coupling that has actually halved their cachet ... still the couple we love to discuss ... decidely not Christiane and Jamie urlLink Tim Russert , Senior ... Gryffindor ... In a state of grace ... Saint Tim ... St Theresa of Avila Rosary Society ... So, you really urlLink confronted Farrakhan about the spaceship and urlLink Yakub, the black scientist who Muslims belive created the white man ? ... very cool ... Dean of Washington Press Corps urlLink Chris Matthews , Senior ... The Ego has landed ... The Assistant Dean of Washington DC ... Conservative Democrats ... understands Americana backwards and forewards ... even handed, albeit quite enamoured of himself. urlLink Laurie Duhe , Senior ... "Those pouty lips, those legs, those come hither eyes!" urlLink Howard Stern , Junior ... King of the Geeks ... Drilled a hole in the Sumner Redstone Gym to peek at girls showering ... hides pornography in Student Lounge ... Move over Barbara Walters ... most likely to get slapped in the face during his first ABC interview with Angelina Jolie Peter Jennings , Junior ... O, Canada! ... Young Democrats urlLink Rush and Molloy , Juniors ... Cutest Couple ... Star reporters of The Daily News: most popular. urlLink Diane Sawyer , Senior ... Next in line now that Barbara is gone ... Nice score on the Dean interview ... stately journalist ... America's Junior Miss in 1962 ... urlLink Deep Throat ? urlLink Jon Favreau , Junior ... Allegedly a "director"... Sell Out ... Not especially talented or even creative ... likes to pretend he is a vapid cigar smoking Hollywood exec even as he hosts show on IFC; Independent cinema is so over. Dennis Miller , Junior ... Let's get this straight: Acting? Not an option ... HBO entertainment show? Nada ... urlLink Hair? Nope ... Republican Party Reptile? Priceless ... let's take a wait and see attitude re: his little "show" Cramer and Ludlow , Juniors ... Hufflepuff ... Hardest Working Man in the Media (Cramer) ... Ludlow "more tax cuts" his hair ... it isn't quite ... it isn't quite ... it isn't quite r ight Martha Stewart , Junior ... Headed for detention ... and that's a good thing. Joel Klein , Junior ... No Longer Anonymous ... Once objective journo, now card carrying member of the Washington Establishment ... Kerry booster ... once respectable and objective Caroline Miller , Junior ... aggressive NY Times interview with boxing gloves as prop ... watch the urlLink pageboy haircut , she'll slap you silly Roger Friedman , Junior ... urlLink Quixotic feud with NY Times ... Neil Strauss , Junior ... Foremer Times Style writer who uses urlLink geek techniques to trick girls into dating him ... Slytherin ..."I had provoked a negative reaction, but now at least we had a relationship. I just had to turn her anger around to make it a good relationship" ... fucking creepy urlLink Victoria Gotti , Sophomore ... Welcome to the wonderful world of publishing, fuggedaboutit! urlLink Mary Kate and Ashley , Freshmen Steve Cojocaru , Freshman Keep in Touch: Judith Regan ... Bryant Gumbell ...

 Topic A With Tina Brown urlLink Gawker.com's Henry the Intern pretty much got everything in his report on urlLink Tina Brown's show last night : "In an awkward transition to a lighter topic (and a pointless segment), Tina asked for 'a quick gallop' through the 'dog and pony show' of the urlLink television upfronts . urlLink Sharon Waxman , of The New York Times, said NBC's urlLink Jeff Zucker was 'prancing' and ABC's presentation was like a wake (or, Tina thought, like the urlLink Seven Year War ). TV Guide's urlLink Stephen Battaglio said ABC's new wife-swap reality show 'has more to do with vacuuming than sex.' Tina was charmed: 'vacuuming and sex - that's what life is.'" Yeah, as if Tina has ever changed vaccum bags . A couple of notes: Steve Battaglia was wearing this urlLink very disconcerting gold mesh eye shadow . And, yeah, it looks like ABC is nearly dead in the water.

 The Corsair vs. AJ Benza Apparently, The Corsair has a little more juice than he thought he did. Multitudinous is my capacity for making mischief, dear readers ( The Corsair rubs his hands together like the cat who licked the cream). The other day I blogged on urlLink AJ Benza and the Howard Stern Razor article , blaming him with incendiary language . Imagine my surprise today when, sifting through the birthday wishes and usual hate e-mail, I recieved a missive from AJ Benza himself! In the subject line it read, "Note to Ron OogaBooga from AJ Benza" People get fixated on the name, what can I say ? Every hate email The Corsair gets has a Kindergarteny vibe. You get used to it. It continues (averted gaze, exaggerated cough, feigned detatchment): "Mr. Corsair...." Oh, it's on like Gray Poupon . "Do yourself a favor and report facts. If you were an actual reporter, you'd know that the founder and editor of Razor, Craig Knight, quit over what his publisher Richard Botto did with my Howard Stern piece. Even Howard respects what I wrote and has told his millions of listeners that this is obviously the publisher of Razor trying to drum up sales." The Corsair throws some punches at the air. "I clearly state in my piece that my speaking to Stern came about during a personal phone call regarding John Melendez jumping to Jay Leno. Howard and I spoke yesterday morning and I was vindicated. So why dont you report on that? If you don't, you clearly have an ax to grind. And if you do....what can I do? Second....if you think a $600,000 a year job hosting a reality show this fall is a 'dead career,' then you're dumb as a stump. And if you add in my $200,000 Talk/Miramax book deal on top of that.....that's some decent scratch, no? Does Paper pay you $800,000?" Yes, that is some, er, "decent scratch," and, no, I do not make $800,000 a year; but I am a thousandaire . I have no axe to grind, AJ, aside from being mildly miffed at the swipe at my name. You are right, you have been vindicated by Howard Stern. But that vindication came after I wrote my piece. So, here I am writing about it now, tough guy. "I like your writing. I read your stuff. What you don't understand or ever do is actually report on stuff. It's a kick just to be able to scream out your opinion on shit...but it's another to make sure what you say is accurate. And what you wrote about me is incorrect." It's a "kick"? Who is this really: Frank Sinatra? Conversing with AJ Benza is like going into a 1950s time warp where dames are dames and men were men. Mista we could use a man like Herbert Hoover again . But, you're right AJ, I was inaccurate. I am not a reporter. Never said I was. I am a blogger, a commentator, and a humorist who, at the moment, is having a fucking good time with you. "If you hate me...that's your right and I'm cool with that, my man. But just get some facts straight in the process. "Best AJ Benza "PS: Keep stirring up shit. The world needs it." I don't hate you, AJ, in fact, after this little frisson, I think I understand you a little bit better, man to man. So, apologies on the story and the "dead career" thing. Next time you're around Williamsburg way, I owe you some scotch. Ron

 Mobb Deep At The Movies Vibe Magazine has this interesting feature where they show movie trailers to the thuggiest hip hop stars and have them rate it -- two guns up if it is good, and, conversely, two guns down if it sucks. Brilliant. In fact, I want to informally pitch this to all the cable people reading this blog (I know you are lurking out there): Think Siskel and Ebert, but with thugs . Chatting . I'm telling you, this has MTV written all over it. Anyhoo, urlLink Prodigy and Havoc of urlLink Mobb Deep reviewed: urlLink Predator vs. Alien Havoc : Thumbs down! They bitin off urlLink Freddy versus Jason . Prodigy : They took too long to do that. urlLink Alien versus urlLink Predator ? It's too late. I'll wait to see it on DVD. Havoc : When did Alien and Predator ever come from the same world? Wasn't the Predator in the present and Alien was, like 2050 or something? Now all the sudden they caught up to each other. Prodigy : It looks weak, man. Thumbs down. Havoc : It's not gonna fly. Rating: Two Guns Down urlLink Spiderman 2 Prodigy : Oh, it's on. It's gonna be a smash hit. Havoc : Spiderman 2 is a must see. The first was off the hook. Prodigy : Now they got that dude, Dr. Whats his name? Dr. Octagon or some shit? Havoc : Octapus, I think. Out of all the comic book remakes, Spiderman was by far the best one. So I'll definitely check out 2. Prodigy : Spidey's ill. He be flying around with the web, that shit is ill. Nigga crawlin on walls and shit. Rating: Two Guns Up urlLink Anchorman Prodigy : That nigga retarded, son. Havoc : urlLink Will Ferrell -- that's my dog right there. Prodigy : Hell, yeah, he's like the new Chevy Chase. Havoc : Right, exactly, but funnier. I'll definitely check that. Prodigy : Word. Get doped up and go laugh real quick. Word. Plus, he smacked he in the ass and said 'I like that fatty.' Havoc : Yeah, he said fattie, son. Thumbs up! Rating: Two Guns Up urlLink The Village Prodigy : Looks like urlLink Little House on the Prairie , but horror. Havoc : There's a urlLink red slash on everybody's door , so what? Prodigy : The 'hood would be like, 'Where that monster at? -- Straight up! Where that monster at? You gotta show something. What the fuck? Leprichauns is in the woods or something -- that's that kind of shit that when you finally see what it is, you be like, 'uhh, man.' Havoc : Do I wanna see this movie. Do I wanna spend $20 on it? I don't think so. Thumbs down. Rating: Two Guns Down urlLink I, Robot Prodigy : I don't know about that one, god. I like the song and all they have playing. Havoc : Nice little rock beat. Prodigy : But we judging movies here. Havoc : I, Robot? Prodigy : I knew someone was gonna do 'I' something cause that 'I' shit is popular. It's i-pod, i-this, i-that. Havok : Corny title, urlLink weak trailer . It's not "'hood friendly." Prodigy : I wouldn't see it. Rating: Two Guns Down urlLink The Chronicles of Riddick Havoc : The special effects was alright, nothing too spectacular, but I love science fiction cause it gets us prepared for what's really about to happen in the future. Prodigy : Who was urlLink that girl in it? Havoc : That's urlLink the girl from Mission: Impossible II that I'm in love with. urlLink Tom Cruise aint know what urlLink to do with that. Ima see shorty when we get to Hollywood. I give it a thumbs up. Prodigy : She was the best part of the whole clip, but the movie looks kinda suspect. I give it a diagonal thumbs down. Rating: Mixed: One Gun Up and one -- er, "Diagonal" (?) Gun Down

 A Little of the Old In and Out: The Corsair Special Birthday Edition In : Me . It's my birthday, silly. Obvs. Out : Apparently, urlLink according to Page Six , Terry McCauliffe is on the outs even though, on paper, he is very much on the ins: "WE weren't totally accurate in predicting three months ago that Sen. John Kerry would dump Terry McAuliffe as chairman of the Democratic National Committee. McAuliffe continues to hold the title. But sources say Kerry has installed urlLink John Sasso , a loyalist from Boston, as his key man at the DNC. "No checks are written until Sasso signs off. No decisions are made until Sasso says so," said one Democrat. 'Terry McAuliffe was told to take it, or take a hike. And he's taking it.' McAuliffe, a multimillionaire from Syracuse, was hand-picked by Bill Clinton and has remained under the influence of Sen. Hillary Clinton. Sasso was a top advisor to Michael Dukakis and then a lobbyist in Beantown. 'He is totally loyal to Kerry,' said our source." Page Six plays serious hardball . Those guys are serious as a heart attack, and we love them for it. McCauliffe was a pussyboy besides. Expect McCauliffe to resign from humiliation Page Six style in the near future. In : urlLink menu=">Kate Beckinsale, a hottie, to be sure . According to urlLink Ananova : "Kate Beckinsale says she was made to feel ugly on the set of Pearl Harbour. "She says she hated the Pearl Harbor experience because she was made to feel ugly by the movie moguls behind the blockbuster. "Kate says her insecurities began when director Michael Bay bluntly explained she was picked for the film because she wasn't beautiful. "The actress says, 'It freaked me out because I was so pleased with myself, having lost the 70 pounds after my pregnancy. "'I wasn't exactly what they had in mind, and when they publicised the movie, Michael would continue to say, We cast Kate because she wasn't too attractive. "'I did find that quite upsetting and my self-esteem took a real blow from it... I became quite insecure because I was told a lot that I wasn't pretty enough.'" ( Ed Note : Michael Bay is a typical Hollywood picklehead.) "However, she says she got support from co-star Ben Affleck . "She said: 'Ben Affleck was very open about it. This is what goes on, he said, and I really needed somebody to tell me it wasn't just me.'" Wow, Ben Affleck get his first piece of good press in a while. Out : Creed has officially broke up, according to the always excellent urlLink Scott's Stereogum . Thank God, I will never have to hear the goadawful "with arms wide open ..." again. In : urlLink Miu Von Furstenberg says goodbye to Our Amanda Hesser, the punching bag of the blogopshere, to the tune of "Candle in the Wind": "Goodbye Amanda H Though I never knew you at all You had the audacity to write reviews While those around you balked They crawled out of the woodwork And they whispered that you were lame They set you on the treadmill Made you hang your head in shame "And it seems to me you lived your life Like a breadstick in the basket Never knowing who to cling to When the backlash set in And I would have liked to have known you Oh who am I to kid Your talent burned out long before urlLink Your Masa review ever hit" More of marvelous Miu urlLink here . Out : Representative Mike Thompson exits the House Agricultural committee to make room for the Democratic Party's newest superstar, Stephanie Herseth, according to urlLink TheHill.com : " urlLink Rep. Mike Thompson (D-Calif.) has stepped down from his seat on the House Agriculture Committee to make room for newly elected urlLink Rep. Stephanie Herseth (D-S.D.). "Thompson said he contacted urlLink House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosis (D-Calif.) office Wednesday, letting his partys leadership know that he would happily volunteer to relinquish his slot. "Thompson, also a member of the House Budget Committee , had a waiver to serve on Agriculture and was therefore a natural to leave the panel. "'Shes our newest colleague and she needed a seat,' Thompson told The Hill. 'I volunteered.'" And, of course, a seat on Agriculture for South Dakota is of infinite importance. This entrenches her, gives her the ability to bring home the bacon for South Dakota, and makes her harder for the Republicans to beat. That, la dies and gentlemen , is hardball. And, finally In : urlLink Ultragrrrl is having a ferocious debate on her site as to who is cooler urlLink Lloyd Dobler from Say Anything or urlLink Steff McKee , from Pretty in Pink. I say Steff. That man was pure unadulterated, reptilian predatory evil. But in a cool way.

 Blondes Have More Funds urlLink According to the 3AM Girls , Blondie's Debbie Harry can still out-diva today's whippersnappers: "She's been in showbiz for more than 25 years and Debbie Harry still knows how to act the proper rock diva. "The Blondie superstar, 58, scuppered an up-and-coming indie band's chances of supporting them on their UK tour because - wait for it ... the lead singer is blonde, too." ( The Corsair grabs his trusty bag on unsalted popcorn and, in one elegant sweeping move, leaps onto his chair, which, duly, wheels him to his desk and computer screen, to which he is riveted) " M.A.S.S , who have drawn comparisons with Blondie, had been chosen to support Debbie and Co. at a one-off gig in Amsterdam. "But minutes before they were due to go on stage at the Paradiso club, the promoter informed them that they could only perform after Blondie. "A clause in a contract stipulated that no groups with a blonde singer could go on before them." What the fuck?! "M.A.S.S, which is fronted by urlLink Justine Berry and features Denise Van Outen's ex, Andy Miller from Dodgy, on lead guitar, were understandably miffed. "'Maybe she was afraid of the competition,' fumes their manager, Andrew Winters . 'It was literally just before the guys were due on stage in Amsterdam that the promoter came up and told us there was a problem. "'He said Justine is blonde so we couldn't go on because there is a ban on blonde girls supporting Debbie Harry. "'I couldn't believe what I was hearing. At first I thought it was a joke but it wasn't. Turns out they didn't realise Justine is blonde because the band is quite punky and heavy metal. I was told there was a clause that stipulates this. Maybe she doesn't want the competition, who knows?'" This makes the whole ( The Corsair makes quotation gestures into thin air) "No Brown M & M's" clause kind of moot in comparison, no? Comment here on on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever blog Ed Note : Tomorrow is my birthday and I'm taking the day off from work and haven't decided if I will be too hung over to blog. So, don't take it personal if I'm not on. I'm just getting my Gemini on.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Childhood sexual fantasies. They are very dark indeed, sepia-dark, with wine colored interiors and tangled. So very tangled . Apparently, Janet Jackson (who so ably played "Cleo" on the hit tv series "Fame" ... thank you, thank you; please bring this show back in reruns VH1 ) -- Our Janet had childhood fantasies of the disgusting kind, according to urlLink The Sixers . And, one would imagine, Jackson family childhood desires are considerably darker than the common man's: "BREAST-barer Janet Jackson had a very active libido at a very young age. The songstress admits to early crushes on both Barry Manilow and R&B lothario Teddy Pendergrass , who starred in her early sexual fantasies. 'My mother would come into my room and say, Janet, why are you being so lazy?' Jackson tells Blender magazine. 'What she didn't know was that I was having a very sexual moment with Teddy, in my mind.'" The Corsair dry heaves violently, rolled up in the fetal position, mouthing the word: Why . Can you think of two more dodgy characters on the margins of sonic propriety other than Teddy Pendergrass , with the jheri curl, (averted gaze) and, the affable, if very "Poconos" Barry Manilow , what, with the strung out blonde hair and the big shnoz? Oh, urlLink sweet Melissa : I mean, why stop there : what about Phil Bailey (who so ably recorded urlLink "Easy Lover" with Phil Collins , thank you ... thank you ) And while we are in a confessional mood, dear reader, I want to admit to an indiscretion of the mind, shall we say , committed --with gusto, I might add -- with marginal R a& B talent urlLink Evelyn "Champagne" King in the early 80s. She made the song "Ooh You Make My Love Come Down," you know. The fantasy involved my fevered pre-adolescent mind and a sundry half empty bottle of urlLink Riunite on ice ... so nice . And I'm not even going to get into my Sheena Easton "Sugar Walls" fantasies. The Corsair won't go there. Out : urlLink According to Page Six , Madonna has instituted a "cursing fine": "THE times they have a changed! Madonna, once known for her lewd behavior as well as her lewd language, has imposed a 'cursing fine' on everyone in her tour, including dancers and roadies. 'Every time someone curses, they have to pay a fine,' said an insider. Liz Rosenberg , Madonna's rep, said: 'That is correct ? and by the way, she has paid plenty [herself]. I think it is $5 a curse word.' Madonna was caught several weeks ago shrieking at her dancers: 'Get it right or get the [bleep] out!' ? just before she donated to the cursing can.' What the f@*k?! ( The Corsair quietly deposits a wooden nickel into the cursing can) Out : Fred Durst . The man is creepy to celebrity women; creepy . First there was that urlLink very public wooing of Angelina Jolie , on Access Hollywood, no less; then he told Howard Stern that urlLink he had sex with Britney after writing her some fucking poetry ( The Corsair shivers). Now, according to Rolling Stone via urlLink Ananova : " Avril Lavigne has revealed how Fred Durst tried to woo her by buying her a huge box of hamburgers and chips after she told him she was hungry. "The 19-year-old Canadian says the Limp Bizkit frontman seemed 'a little pi**ed' when she rebuffed his romantic advances. "She told Rolling Stone the pair met backstage at a Metallica concert. "She said: 'I mentioned to Fred that I was hungry, like, I want an In-N-Out burger. "'He had someone go out and get me a whole box of them, with fries. I was like, Yeah!. "'Then he took a private jet out to one of my shows, expecting me to bang him. He was disappointed that I wouldn't even go near him. "'He was a little pi**ed that I went to my room alone that night.'" First off : Hey Avril, urlLink watch those carbs. And, Fred, let me explain something to you: Avril wanted an In-N-Out BURGER, not ... uhm, In-N-Out ... I'm going to go on to the next category now, thank you. In : Mel Karmazin to Disney ? Cue to the urlLink Survivor song The Search is Over . I speculated this might happen yesterday ( The Corsair pats himself on the back). It is a logical fit and the media industry is hugely logical in its calculations. Again, urlLink those dazzling Sixers give us the pipin hot scoop: "... The buzz is that the Disney despot plans to step down at the end of the summer and that he's handpicked former Viacom president Mel Karmazin as his successor. The Post reported yesterday that Karmazin has been eyeing the job. "'Eisner trusts Mel,' says one of our sources. 'They've been talking about him taking over.'" Out : urlLink George Tenet : "'I will miss him,' Bush said." ( The Corsair motions for a cadenza of weepy violins) "Tenet, 51, came to the White House to inform Bush about his decision Wednesday night. 'He told me he was resigning for personal reasons,' Bush said. 'I told him I'm sorry he's leaving. He's done a superb job on behalf of the American people.'" The Corsair coughs *Chalabi* "Tenet will serve until mid-July. Bush said that deputy John McLaughlin will temporarily lead America's premier spy agency until a successor is found. Among possible successors is House Intelligence Committee Chairman Porter Goss , R-Fla., a former CIA agent and (John) McLaughlin." In : urlLink Shavar Ross , the kid who played Dudley in that "very special" Diffr'nt Strokes. You know, the kid who was "touched." No word yet on The Gooch or the cast of the late 70s PBS show "High Feather." Out : urlLink The Frist-Daschle feud . According to urlLink Geoff Earle of TheHill.com : "Tensions between Senate Republican and Democratic leaders have surprisingly abated in recent weeks after a series of high-profile compromises. "The relationship between Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.) and Minority Leader Tom Daschle (D-S.D.) soured after Frist committed to attending a campaign rally in South Dakota for former Rep. John Thune (R-S.D.). The race between Daschle and Thune this fall is expected to be tight." Apparently, the frost is having a thaw; cicadas and the scent of cherry blossoms are in the air on The Hill ... and, most importantly, "l'amour": "The first breakthrough came last month, when Daschle and Frist reached a deal to move 25 judicial nominees. The powerful lawmakers secured a deal so that President Bush?s noncontroversial judicial appointments would be confirmed while Democrats retained their right to filibuster a handful of other nominees left out of the agreement. "A separate leadership pact to clear a batch of executive nominees followed suit." ( The Corsair plays dramatic romantic music, urlLink Monteverdi , for Daschle and Frist) "Senate Democrats also allowed a major highway bill to proceed to a conference committee with the House, after receiving assurances from Frist that they would be included in the negotiations. Democrats had been blocking legislation from reaching conference to protest being shut out, infuriating Republicans." ( The Corsair dims the lights for Frist and Daschle) "The latest sign of bipartisan cooperation came when Frist decided to cancel a scheduled cloture vote on a controversial class-action-reform bill. Republicans apparently have won over some key Democratic converts, finally reaching the crucial 60-vote threshold on the issue." That article concludes with the sweet note: "Frist and Daschle held at least one face-to-face meeting Tuesday, a possible sign that Frist is tempering his habit of communicating through his BlackBerry device. "Daschle told reporters he holds out hope for action on a stalled asbestos bill and energy legislation, although he said there weren't great prospects for success on the class-action bill." Love is putting aside the BlackBerry for a face-to-face. The Blacker the Berry the sweeter the juice! okay, that was not my most inspired line; but I couldn't figure out where I was going at the end. In : Ass kissing , but, in the world of high fashion, where beauty and backstabbing are the premium, it never goes out of style. Carolina Herrerra , whom I am somewhat embarrassed to say I find oddly attractive, in a jet-set heiress kind of way, even though, she is, like, quite a bit older than me, kisses ass magnificently on urlLink Fashionweekdaily : "Who do you admire in the industry? "I have a great admiration for John Fairchild and, following in his footsteps, Patrick McCarthy . I admire Suzy Menkes , who I think writes fantastically well. She has a lot of knowledge about fashion and writes about it in a wonderful way. And of course, Anna Wintour . I admire her personal looks, not to mention her abilities as an editor." How vaguely politic and dreadfully jolting Carolina, that you, a designer, admire fashion writers and editors that are important to your career? I still think she's hot, though, just a touch aristocratically duplicitous. Out : Hammy actors . urlLink Le fucking jambon already, okay? Hello : The folks at the urlLink LA.com blog ran this blind item : "You all know him as a former master thespian who's as famous as he is pretentious. But to your dear Dolly (not to mention to the actor's coworkers) he's an insecure, hammy, royal pain in the butt. Just ask that Oscar-level director what happened when he quietly informed his prickly star that an emotionally juicy scene they had been scheduled to shoot needed to be completely rethought. Saying that Mr. Method Actor went off the deep end would be too gentle. He bellowed, yowled, punched the air, kicked furniture and pitched such a major meltdown that his histrionics spread onto the soundstage, where crew members practically had to restrain him from throttling his director. Too bad cameras weren't turning while the actor gave his greatest performance in ages." Ka-pow! The comments on the board after the story are weighted towards Anthony Hopkins , but I'm not so sure. Thoughts? In : Okay, when I am not working sensible, flexible hours at the job, when I am not blogging, when I am not imbibing The Sark at the local tavern, I have been reading Simon Publications paperback reissue of urlLink Carl Van Doren's bio Benjamin Franklin , which is, so choice, I highly recommend it. I can't put it down. Some of the best lines: "But the wind abaiting the next day, we made a shift to reach Amboy before night, having been thirty hours on the water, without any victuals or drink but a bottle of filthy rum, and the water we sailed on being salt." And this chestnut: "An old woman in the town, of whom I bought gingerbread to eat on the water ... invited me to lodge at her house ... she was very hospitable, gave me a dinner of ox-cheek with great good will, accepting only a pot of ale in return." And so Franklin, belly full of gingerbread and ox-cheek rambles through American history, mostly drunk, and chronicled, excellently, by Carl Van Doren. Ben Franklin comes off like urlLink Encolpius in Petronius' Satyricon . This book is so hott.

 FLYBY: Jake Gyllenhall: The Next Superman Sure, Tina Brown obsessed about him on Topic A on Sunday, and Entertainment Weekly gushed over him with their cover story this week, but now, as Superman, Jake Gyllenhall will finally get the chance of his star to shine, at least urlLink according to Star : "Although it's his starlet girlfriend Kirsten Dunst who makes him weak -- rather than Kryptonite -- sources say Jake Gyllenhaal is set to soar now that he's landed the coveted role of Superman. Star can exclusively report that Gyllenhaal, 23 -- best-known for his roles in The Good Girl , with Jennifer Aniston , 35, and Donnie Darko -- beat out actors like Ashton Kutcher , 26 and Brendan Fraser , 35, to play the Man of Steel." The Corsair quietly mouths the words: "Brendan Frasier?!" "Headshots of potential actors were on a wall under the characters'names in the film's production office, says an insider, adding: 'They used to have all these possibilities under Superman/Clark Kent. Now, there's only one headshot: Jake Gyllenhaal.'" The Corsair raises his arms in triumph, shouting, for all the world to hear: "Jake Gyllenhall: It Boy!" "With his all-American good looks and proven acting skills, Gyllenhaal was reportedly once tapped as a backup to play Spider- Man in the sequel last spring, after Tobey Maguire , 28, cited back problems just before the sequel went into production. Now, thanks to all the publicity and attention the potential role brought him, an insider says Warner Bros. has found their Superman. 'It showed them that Gyllenhaal could be thought of as a credible action-hero,' says the insider. "The insider says many of Hollywood's hottest young actresses are being considered for the role of the brainy beautiful sidekick, Lois Lane , including Beyonce Knowles and Keira Knightley , both 22, according to sources. Meanwhile, That '70s Show star Topher Grace , 25, is up for cub reporter Jimmy Olsen. The insider adds, the film will be directed by McG, 33, whose work includes the two Charlie's Angels movies and the hit TV show, The O.C." Yes, Lois Lane, the star feature reporter for The Daily Planet must be a 22-year old hottie, dont ask us why . We prefer she be played by a Victoria's Secret model. "Star can also reveal that the production office is trying to keep the project top secret. 'Instead of the name Superman on the door, there's the code-name Flyby ,' says the source. The role of Superman was made famous on the big screen by Christopher Reeve , now 51, who appeared in four Superman films from 1978 to 1987. The movie's revival was reportedly first discussed in 1993, and reports say filming will begin in winter 2005, with a release in 2006. Gyllenhaal's reps would not comment."

 No Makeover for Tony Soprano Ah, that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer , because enquiring minds want to know, gives us some broiling, icy-hot scoop today on James Gandolfini , he who so aggressively breathes as he eats his Gambino-style Veal Chops Milanese (what's with Gandolfini and that aggro breathing? Is that urlLink Stanislavsky ?): "FUGGEDABOUDIT! In what's gotta be the dumbest freakin' move ever made by reality TV, those 'Queer Eye for the Straight Guy' queens suddenly invaded 'The Sopranos' set and -- with cameras crankin' -- chirped cheerily at hairybear bossman James Gandolfini : 'HI, there! Ready for your makeover?' That's when all HELL broke loose, say insiders. Turning bright red with anger, Gandolfini snarled, 'Get the f--- away from me!' When his message didn't immediately register in the Queer Ear, Gandolfini exploded! "WHO THE F--- LET YOU IN HERE?" he shouted. 'TURN THOSE F----N' CAMERAS OFF . . . NOW!' Finally reacting to their star's outrage at the on-set ambush, 'Sopranos' producers -- who'd allowed the 'Queer Eye' invasion thinking Gandolfini would be amused -- quickly started shooing The Gay Gang toward the exit. Boss of All Bosses stormed off to his dressing room fuming, and refused to return until he'd been guaranteed there wasn't a Queer Eye in sight!" What is it about tough guy roles that, when successful, urlLink turn the actors into the characters that they play? Is it the fact that actors have a fragile, perhaps nonexistent sense of self and the commercial and critical success gives him/her an option at selfhood? Or, maybe I'm just getting way too thoughtful about an ass.

 NY Post's Bruckman: Chris-tuh-fuh Will Sleep with the Fishes urlLink The New York Post's Andy Bruckman has an interesting theory about the last episode of The Sopranos, one that involves The our favorite Associate-wannabe-screenwriter urlLink Chris-tuh-fuh Moltisanti , and some concrete footwear, capeesh ? "HERE'S some advice for Christopher Moltisanti: "* Take a long vacation. "* Don't accept any rides upstate. "* Watch your back." That ominous beginning wrought with impending doom slithers, like the grimy, shower inducing Soprano's opening theme-song, directly into: "'The Sopranos' ends its fifth season urlLink Sunday night at 9 on HBO . The one-hour episode - No. 65 - is titled urlLink 'All Due Respect .' "Here's the tantalizing description that was posted on HBO.com last week: 'Tony's [ James Gandolfini ] crew circles the wagons as Johnny Sack [ Vincent Curatola ] turns up the heat; Carmela [ Edie Falco ] counts her blessings; Christopher [ Michael Imperioli ] is freaked out by an unexpected visitor; Benny's [ Max Casella ] connection to the plumbers union comes in handy; A.J. [ Robert Iler ] demonstrates his business acumen; and Tony ponders whether to execute a 'sacrifice bunt.'" And what can one glean from that (elaborate hand gesture)? The Carmela angle is pretty straight forward ( The Corsair pecks at Veal Piccata), her character has achieved some equilibrium over the past season. Last season, at the end, she had made an abrupt departure; now, at the end of this season, one year later, she has realized things about herself: who she is ; and she has accepted the things she cannot change and, in the bargain, got some land. Carm's fine ( The Corsair breaks off a magnanimous chunk garlic bread) AJ probably shakes down some smaller kids ( The Corsair munches Marinated Asparagus Wrapped with Prosciutto). He is Tony's past repeating itself. In the picture on the HBO site AJ is on the phone, so I'm guessing, his "business acumen" involves sports betting of some kind. Maybe he becomes an amateur bookie? He's got that thug lite thing going ( urlLink in real life as well , but let's not go there), and a little loan sharking with a hefty vig for the private school set might be up his alley. I can see season six high comedy as AJ collects his vig from some luckless Preppy, ninja-style . The Johnny Sacks thing is more difficult to decipher and is probably tied to the "sacrifice bunt." Will Tony sacrifice an associate to win the game, or, at least, gain a stalemate? My guess is that Tony will sacrifice the other Tony, that gavone (munches from a plate of ziti and calzone), in a heartfelt ending, one where Gandolfini can really emote, and show off his acting chops. But Adam Bruckman of the Post has an intriguing idea: "Christopher's a screw-up. In the latest example, Tony had to step in and place Paulie Walnuts in charge of a cigarette hijacking operation that Christopher apparently botched. "Christopher's an out-of-control hothead. He's already threatened Tony at least twice this season - once, when he showed up at the Bada Bing brandishing a pistol, and again just in the last episode, when he raved to Adriana that he ought to kill Tony for favoring the other Tony, Tony Blundetto (Steve Buscemi). "And what if Christopher begins to question Tony's decision to murder Adriana? How mad might he get then? "If Tony is contemplating a 'sacrifice bunt,' it's doubtful he's thinking about baseball. Does it mean he has to offer someone up to the New York mob? Might he offer his hotheaded, screwup of a nephew, who's not really his nephew anyway? "And who's the 'unexpected visitor' who shows up at Christopher's door? That doesn't sound too promising for Christopher's future. "That's the case so far. And even if Michael Imperioli has made no plans to appear in a network sitcom this fall, I'm sticking to it." Interesting. There would have to be "h" involved. Perhaps the visitor is the ghost of Adriana? There are as many ghosts undistinguished from the living in The Sopranos as in any urlLink Ingmar Bergman film . If Adriana comes back from the dead to psychologically haunt Chris-tuh-fuh, he is more likely to get in the witness protection program, but Bruckman's theory is interesting. And what about the FBI? What are the odds that at the end everyone gets arrested by the boys in blue? ( The Corsair sips some Grappa, then points the glass out, towards you, the readers) Salut.

 An Interview with Patrick Swayze urlLink Entertainment Weekly's nubile journo Jessica Shaw did something that The Corsair has been trying to do for quite some time, namely, to interview pop icon Patrick Swayze . We would ask him about urlLink The Outsiders ("Stay gold, Ponyboy ... stay gold "), and the horrible ... horrible urlLink Too Wong Foo (the title alone implies ... noxious ). But Our young Jessica Shaw didn't go there ... no , she took it to a whole new level and interrogated The Swayz on his hip pop cultural "edge." Why does The Swayze have juice and, say, urlLink Henry Winkler does not? Why can The Swayze strut through The Fort Greene Mall in Brooklyn and not get a cap busted in his ass ? Such are the mysteries of The Swayz: urlLink he's like the wind . And, while, yes, Jessica didn't quite give Swayze the respect that a man such as he deserves, a man of such urlLink multitudinous mullets ; but she got the job done . And, we like what she did: Jessica Shaw : Was it your work in urlLink Tiger Warsaw or urlLink Three Wishes that urlLink inspired Ja Rule to cast you in his video for "The Reign"? The Swayze : urlLink There's this term that seems to have caught on throughout the hip hop rap world: 'I'm Swayze. ' Jessica Shaw : --I'm sorry? S-Bone : If you do something cool or it's time to get down, you say, urlLink 'I'm Swayze.' If it's time to kick ass, you say, urlLink 'I'm gonna Swayze on your ass.' Jessica : You're telling me if I walk up to Jah Rule and say, 'I'm gonna Swayze on your ass,' and urlLink he'll know what I mean? P. Sway : Everybody does. LL Cool J . Snoop Dogg .

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink La.com ran this blind item today that has me guessing: "A certain ex-teen idol must be seriously jonesing for those brief glory days of screaming fans, magazine covers, paparazzi attention, and her pick of the hottest manflesh in show business. Lately, shes been doing a few fairly low-key gigs, but even the teensiest taste of success brings out her inner psycho bitch. Suddenly shes demanding big-time perks from producers and studios who doubt shes worth the trouble anymore. Shes making her agents yank out their hair because shes refusing roles she thinks are beneath her. And shes also back to her old ways in the man department, putting the make on married older dudes, especially non-showbiz spouses of her female friends and costars. Were doubting she'll get much career bounce from her newest projects, so maybe she should just go ahead with those cosmetic surgeries shes been discussing with specialists in New York and Europe. If she hopes to stay in the game, the ultracompetitive actress better do something." Jennifer Love Hewitt? Just a guess. Out : Henry Kissinger shows up on urlLink Wonkette's Celebrity sightings in DC , and, as expected, things get hectic: "Next mini celeb was the surprisingly hobbit-like Henry Kissinger , who slipped out of a tremendous SUV in front of the Palm while I was dining with other plebes at C.F. Folks. Kissinger had a quick exchange with the limo driver, eyeballed passers-by briefly and disappeared into the swank (and skanky, in my opinion) confines of D.C's favorite long-beat power lunch trough. "My dining partner said, 'you don't see a war criminal every day.'" In : Elle McPherson's victory over post partum depression. Accroding to urlLink British Vogue , the stunning mannequin suffered after the birth of her child: "ELLE MACPHERSON has admitted that she was battling with post-natal depression when she checked herself into the Meadows Institute in Arizona last October. The 40-year-old supermodel, who is in Sydney this week to launch her new line of Intimates bedwear, told the Herald Sun that she completed a six-week intensive program because of total exhaustion and depression after the arrival of her second son, Aurelius Cy , in February last year. 'I took the steps I needed to take in order to recover,' she said. 'The truth was, I just did what I needed to do and addressed a lot of issues that needed addressing and had a well-earned break, which I really needed as well. I had never done anything like that in my life and that's about it. I think it was made out to be a lot more dramatic and more insidious that it was.'" Mcpherson is fully recovered. Out : Will someone please kill urlLink Rod Stewart ? You know, just fucking smoke his obnoxious ass and feathered hair in a colosally violent act. He's doing another tour (averted gaze). Of oldies. Charmed , I'm sure. In : urlLink Lowculture's Take on The President's Umbrella problem. It's hard to handle an umbrella in a storm and look Presidential. Very, very hard. Observe the 43rd President of the united States, the most powerful man in the world urlLink here (averted gaze). Out : urlLink Admiral Zinni for Vice President . Bad idea, urlLink Water Isaacson ; the rarified air of Aspen seems to have addled the fine political mind of Walter, biographer/destroyer of Kissinger. There are too many heavyweights in the ring, like John Edwards , Senator Nelson , Bill Richardson , Evan Bayh (softly chuckles), Dick Gephardt , Hillary Clinton and -- quite possibly -- John McCain . Why the fuck would Kerry go for an unproven cruiserweight general, when Wesley Clark , with higher name recognition, actually won the Oklahoma primary and can bring the Southwest into play? urlLink Go back to Aspen, Walter , and contemplate Franklin and the discovery of lightning as electricity, and we'll call you when the race is over. In : Harper's Bazaar and Glamour , because, in the words of urlLink honorary African-American Roger Friedman : "Many congrats to the editors of both Harper's Bazaar and Glamour . They each have black women on their covers this month. Queen Latifah is on the May cover of Glamour (I'm a little late mentioning this) and none other than Beyonce in triplicate no less is on the Bazaar cover. These were brave decisions considering that Vanity Fair still refuses to put a black person by him-or-herself on its cover. Both landmark Oscar winners Halle Berry and Denzel Washington have not appeared since their 2003 triumphs." How is it that Roger Friedman, who is white, thinks of these things, and I, who am black, do not. Enquiring minds want to know.

 South Dakota Congressional Report: Stephanie Herseth beats Larry Diedrich In a race that could forshadow things to come, South Dakota Democrat urlLink Stephanie Herseth edged past Republican urlLink Larry Diedrich in a squeaker. Why is a South Dakota Congressional race so important? Well, first because it holds portents for the Senate race, the most highly contested race in the United States, a race that could see the Senate Minority Leader broken. I'm talking about the Thune-Daschle race, bruh; keep your eye on this little chestnut. And this is a race in which 100 years of tradition was smashed when the urlLink Senate Majority Leader actively campaigned against Daschle , his counterpart from across the aisle. Fucking incredible, and a shining sybol of how civility has left the most aristocratic club in the world (outside of the princes of the Vatican): the United States Senate. Second , this could be seen as a referendum against George Bush . The urlLink first lady campaigned for Diedrich . The urlLink Speaker of the goddamned house campaigned for Diedrich . Cheney, a man with so many fucking negatives it boggles the mind, campaigned for Diedrich (hey, Wyoming is important to a Republican victory!) Whiffs of the urlLink Thornberg-Wofford Senate race (a fascinating race that figures high in the minds of politics geeks like me, a race which presaged the defeat of a seemingly invincible George Bush the Elder) are in the air. Remember when George, at above 90 percent approval ratings, sent his peasant farmer Attorney General Richard Thornberg to get his ass handed to him by Harris Wofford, an upstart with a health care message, in Pennsylvania? You don't? Okay, so maybe it's just me. Third , South Dakota should be, by all rights, Bush country, no? urlLink TheHill reports : "South Dakota Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeated Republican Larry Diedrich Tuesday to win the House seat that eluded her two years ago. "Herseth edged out Diedrich 51 percent to 49 percent to win the seat of Rep. Bill Janklow (R-S.D.), the former governor who resigned earlier this year after being convicted of vehicular manslaughter. Janklow defeated Herseth with 53 percent of the vote in 2002. "Both parties invested heavily in the campaign, spending up to $4 million on the race. Party leaders such as Vice President Dick Cheney and Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.) campaigned there. "Herseth and Diedrich will meet again this fall in the general election. Herseth's win marks the second Democratic pick-up in a special election this year; Ben Chandler won a Kentucky House seat in February."

 Dan Rather To Interview Bill Clinton on 60 Minutes urlLink According to Romenesko , which obtained a copy of CBS' press release, Bill Clinton will be interviewed on June 22nd for 60 Minutes by Dan Rather : "CBS News Release "June 1, 2004 "BILL CLINTON TO APPEAR ON '60 MINUTES' IN AN EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW ABOUT HIS NEW BOOK -- SUNDAY, JUNE 20 ON THE CBS TELEVISION NETWORK "The Former President Speaks to Dan Rather in His First Interview About His Memoir, My Life, to be Published by Knopf on June 22 "Former President Bill Clinton makes his first appearance to discuss his memoir, My Life, in an exclusive interview with Dan Rather to be broadcast on 60 MINUTES Sunday, June 20 (7:00-8:00 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network. "Alfred A. Knopf will publish the much-anticipated 957-page autobiography on June 22 with a first printing of 1.5 million copies. "CBS News' 60 MINUTES is the number-one news magazine finishing the 2003-04 season with an average of 14.2 million viewers. Jeff Fager is the executive producer of 60 MINUTES." What would you ask Bill Clinton if you had the chance? Answer here on on the urlLink VH1 Best Week Ever Blog

 Will Viacom Sell Off Radio assets?! Or, Karmazin as Eisner Successor at Disney? The exodus of Mel Kamazin at Viacom has rocked the urlLink entertainment media universe harder than urlLink Mike Tyson did when punching out Wesley Snipes back in the day (Ka-Pow!). urlLink Seth Seutel of AP reports : "In a conference call with Wall Street analysts, (Viacom CEO Sumner) Redstone said Karmazin left because of 'frustration' with the company's sagging stock price and the lingering troubles at the company's radio division. "Redstone suggested that Viacom's new management team would consider getting rid of the radio business, saying the company would have a 'hard look' at the radio operation as well as other assets. 'There is no sacred cow,' Redstone said. 'But for the time being we're committed to radio.'" For the time being : What does this mean precisely for the beleagured Howard Stern ? For the time being sounds like urlLink Bryant Gumbel's first marriage . Ooof! urlLink Marksfriggin.com summarized Howard's on air thoughts : "Howard hasn't heard from Mel yet and he figures it might have something to do with the company being a publicly traded company. He believes that no one at the company is going to back him up like Mel did so his days are really numbered now. He said that Mel told him that his show really hasn't changed and he was to just keep broadcasting like he was doing it. He talked about that conversation and how Mel convinced him to just go back to work and keep doing his show the way he was doing it. He has to work around the delay hits and stuff like that but he could keep doing the show. "Howard is in shock this morning because Mel was his backup there at the company. Now he's got Les Moonves, who he has had problems with in the past, running the company. Howard sees a darkness at the end of his tunnel with all of this going on. It can't be good for his show because Mel had his back." One caller, late in the show, gamely suggested to urlLink Stern that he interview Karmazin on his ABC special . Howard said that was a good idea. And, that might be interesting considering urlLink Karamzin has been mentioned as a successor to Eisner at Disney . What this means to the beleagured Stern Show is, as yet, beyond the purview of The Corsair's crystal ball. But Karmazin would be the perfect Eisner successor, no? You heard it here first, anyhoo; although we will back Viacom over urlLink The Collapsing Mouse House and their urlLink last place network and urlLink cheesy theme parks anyday.

 Halle Berre Can't Stop Breaking Wind Or, Halle, Loosing an Isaiah (oh .... phew!) According to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink TeenHollywood.com , "Halle Berry has confessed she can't stop breaking wind." The Corsair rubs his chin in confusion. "According to Teenhollywood the actress has been on an intense exercise regime to shape up for her role in Catwoman and has been drinking protein shakes to help enhance her muscles. "But she has discovered the drinks have given her some unwanted side effects. "Halle confessed: 'It was wicked stuff. I had the worst gas in the world!' The same, The Corsair would like to relate, could be said of her "performance" in the stinker "Losing Isaiah." In fact, let it be that whenever Our Halle lets out a "silent but deadly," emission, it should to be referred to correctly as the Oscar Winner " urlLink loosing an Isaiah." Comment here, or on the urlLink VH1 Best Week Ever Blog

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : John McCain and George Bush ? The Corsair would say, yeah, right, like two people who hate each other running together -- right. But urlLink the Village Voice sees it differently , shrewdly : "June 9 is a key date in American politics. That's the day John McCain has to file if he's going to run for a fourth term as Arizona senator. So far, all eyes have been focused on whether Kerry can persuade McCain to sign on as his veep on the Dem ticket. McCain has said over and over again he won't do it. But there's another possibility: If George Bush wanted to rescue himself from his current suicide dive, he could dump Cheneywhose negatives are substantialand select McCain as his veep. If he did that, John Kerry would vanish without a trace." and rumor has it urlLink McCain will not seek relection . Out : Senfeld's private garage is finally ready; the Porsche's are no longer homeless, thanks be to God (The Corsair crosses himself). urlLink The guys at TheSmokinggun write , with the faintest ghost of a smaile: "One of New York City's longest-running (and problem-plagued) construction projects has finally been completed. That's right, after five long years, Jerry Seinfeld's private Manhattan garage is finally ready to receive a handful of cars from the Porsche-loving comedian's pricey automobile collection. "Seinfeld's multimillion-dollar renovation of a two-story building on West 83rd Street was completed late last month, according to an April 29 filing with the Department of Buildings. The 50-year-old performer purchased the property in March 1999 for $880,000 and almost immediately applied for demolition permits (the 16' x 52' building previously housed a plumbing & heating contractor). In what must now seem like wishful thinking, Seinfeld originally estimated the renovation at $500,000. "According to Buildings permits, Seinfeld's garage will hold only five cars (three on the ground floor, two in the basement), though his rides will bunk in style." Thank you Jerry, thank you for housing those homeless Porsche's . Out : Pink "I'm Sorry For Fucking Someone Else, Baby" Diamonds . Charmed, I'm sure ( The Corsair gives off long, drawn out averted gaze ) Anyhoo : Are Kobi and Vanessa secretly in urlLink the throes of splitting up ? According to urlLink that significant cultural artifact The National Enquirer , the answer is that Vanessa is done with the expensive Kobi beef : "Kobe Bryant's wife Vanessa is secretly talking to one of Hollywood's most successful divorce lawyers, The ENQUIRER has learned exclusively. "And as the basketball great prepares to face his rape accuser in court, his wife has already been spending many nights away from home -- even when Kobe is in town!" If this is the case, and if she is not gaining leverage of any kind, and if she is serious -- three big ifs -- then expect her to do it after the verdict . In : Adam Moss' New York Magazine is definitely in, if you look, for example, at urlLink Matthew Flamm's laudatory article in Crain's : "The recent food issue of New York magazine provided recipes for grilled mussels and black-pepper shrimp, and an introduction to the West Coast-inspired raw food craze. Typical stuff for the magazine's semiannual staple, which has long been a major draw for advertisers. "But there was also something unusual about this particular food issue, which was the first under Adam Moss , the former New York Times Magazine editor who became New York's editor in chief in February. Unlike past issues, it carried no gossipy features about the trendiest new restaurants. "Even more shocking, perhaps, the articles had substance, most notably one detailing the bitter food fight among the city's gourmet retailers. "In his efforts to revive the faded weekly, Mr. Moss has been making gradual but steady changes. He has phased out mentions of young models canoodling with their boyfriends, and raised the overall tone of the stories, targeting upscale readers in their 30s and 40s who had been turned off by the youth-oriented, tabloid quality of the magazine under his predecessor." While The Corsair will still studiously detail the canoodlings of the media eliter as well as the urlLink gaseous emissions of celebrities as well as the urlLink Vice Presidential sweepstakes and urlLink complex discussions of art , it is good, it is noble to see an editor try exclusively the route of the sober mind and still garner buzz (god help The Corsair , who would have a dozen hits if not for Ashton Kutscher's canoodles and urlLink Janet and urlLink Courtney's boob). Bravo, Adam Moss . Out : The Prada retrial. urlLink According to British Vogue Daily : " PATRIZIA REGGIANI , who was jailed in 1998 for ordering the murder of her estranged husband, Maurizio Gucci , is to be retried. Reggiani, who was nicknamed urlLink The Black Widow by the Italian press, was sentenced to 26 years in prison after hiring a hitman to kill her husband in March 1995 after a disagreement over her alimony payment. She has always maintained her innocence. Grandson of the founder of the Gucci empire, Maurizio was gunned down outside his Milan office in March 1995. Reggiani's daughter previously appealed for her mother's release on the grounds that her ability to reason had been affected by an earlier operation to remove a brain tumour. Her lawyer, Danilo Buongiorno , told Reuters that the new hearing would begin on July 6 in Mestre, northern Italy." I thought this was an open and shut urlLink purse , I mean case . In : A BiPartisan Prescription Drug Reimportation Bill in the Senate ? urlLink According to Geoff Earle in TheHill : "A bipartisan group of lawmakers claims it has lined up the 60 votes needed to get a prescription-drug reimportation bill through the Senate, which some say could lead the White House to change its position on the controversial issue. "The legislators are leaning on urlLink Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.) to call up their bill which would allow for the reimportation of prescription drugs from Canada and selected other countries before the July 4 recess, as the window for significant legislative activity narrows. "'We have a very good time frame,' said urlLink Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.), after the group met with Frist in his Capitol office shortly before the Memorial Day recess. 'We would like during the next work period to have the Senate consider' the bill. We think we have the votes to pass it,' he said. "The Dorgan legislation has only 21 co-sponsors but has attracted bipartisan support. Sens. Trent Lott (R-Miss.) and John Kerry (D-Mass.) are among the bills co-sponsors. "Asked whether supporters could get 60 votes, Sen. Olympia Snowe (R-Maine) replied, 'In the final analysis, I think we could.' "Others participating in the meeting with Frist were Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.) and Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.). Frist is hoping Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee Chairman Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) will be able to move a bill through committee that Frist can call up through regular order. "But Snowe warned that supporters were 'looking for a vehicle' that they could attach it to if leaders dont call up freestanding legislation. "Those who attended the meeting said Frist still harbors concerns over safety issues related to reimporting drugs from other countries. But Snowe said the bipartisan group has been able to address many of Frists concerns by revising the bill. 'We really did a phenomenal job in precluding many of the safety issues,' said Snowe. "The White House strongly opposed a reimportation bill that passed the House last year. But Snowe said she didnt believe the president would veto a measure that has picked up broad support. 'It has the dynamic and the momentum to pass this year,' Snowe said. 'Its the one area of social policy we can really get done.' "'The question now,' she added, 'is hopefully being able to convince [Frist] and others that this is the year to do it.'" What's that quiet chuckling sound we hear? Oh, don't worry, it's just urlLink born-again moderate Trent Lott laughing at urlLink sticking it back to the Bush Administration for, like, the millionth time this Congressional session. Out : Topic A with Tina Brown . According to urlLink Gawker.com's Henry the Intern : "And finally, the editor's desk roundtable tackled 'The Day After Tomorrow.' Tina mentioned Dennis Quaid's 'furrowed brow,' but her favorite moment was when Jake Gyllenhaal made snowshoes out of a New York library chair: "Everything is about terror now" and can "be resolved with snowshoes." Or Gyllenhaal 'trying to get laid while the world is ending,' said comedienne Jessi Klein, who enjoyed the destruction of Los Angeles. Toure, of Rolling Stone, preferred the scene where Mexicans blocked fleeing Americans: 'Hell yeah, bring it on!' He thought 'this is not an environmental film, it's a 9/11 movie. . . just the chaos of it' was 'quite scary.' New York Times environmental reporter Andrew Revkin said hesitant environmentalists decided to embrace the film when they realized 'it's a $200 million ad' for their cause. Similarly, he said, 'the administration has been very worried about the movie' because 'it is going to bring this issue to people who never think about.' But Toure disagreed: global warming 'is not sexy at all!' Klein observed the irony of throngs of people seeing a film about climate change in air-conditioned theaters. "Attorney Ed Hayes played the role of Gail Sheehy this week: make the roundtable look younger and more hip by comparison. Toure and Klein showed the benefits of an energetic, vibrant roundtable; they should be regulars with 'Topic A' all-star David Carr . In : My former boss, Jason Calacanis, who is always in and ahead of the curve, gives urlLink a favorable verdict to the new G4 Network (Formerly Tech TV): "Im watching the G4 network, which is dedicated to video game, right now and Im actually impressed. "Anytime Ive watched a show about video games before Ive been bored out of my mind, but they have taken a very insider approach. For example, they are featuring an Alias video game and talking to the writers and directors of the TV show about the games they like and the integration of the story lines in the game and the TV show. Its pretty slick and Im getting the urge to go play Command and Conquer."

 Julia Roberts is Knocked Up The Pretty Woman, Julia Roberts , is pregnant with twins according to urlLink Page Six , via urlLink People Magazine , with a splattering of urlLink The Daily News and urlLink The Star to boot: "Actress Julia Roberts and her husband, Danny Moder , are expecting two bundles of joy, her publicist told People magazine (Sunday night). "The 36-year-old Erin Brockovich Oscar-winner and her husband of two years will celebrate the double births early next year, her spokeswoman, Marcy Engelman , told the mag. "Roberts is about to start filming 'Ocean's Twelve' in Italy beginning next week. "'America's Sweetheart' has been the subject of numerous reports about her plans to start a family - both on and off screen. "One recent item in The Sun newspaper in England said her character in the 'Ocean's Eleven' sequel, which also stars Ge orge Clooney and Brad Pitt , was originally going to be eight-months pregnant. "But after the superstar complained, her character was rewritten to be only three-months pregnant. "That way, Julia wouldn't have to wear fake padding." Congratulations to Julia and her husband, Danny Moder. Anyone have any suggestions for names? The Corsair believes she could go the urlLink celebrity silly name route , naming the kids after Mystic Pizza's, Anne Chovie and lil' Sausage Peppers ... Post here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog

 Razor Magazine's Sleazy Howard Stern "Exclusive" ( Note : AJ has been since been vindicated. The fault was with Razor Magazine, not AJ. I frankly like the guy, after our little contretemps. So, read this piece of history with those facts in mind) Way out in sleazy la-la land is urlLink Razor Magazine . According to their web site, Razor is, "for men who seek quality as a way of life and in what they read. "RAZOR is dedicated to capturing the broad spectrum of issues that are important to men and presenting them in an edgy, sophisticated manner with sex appeal and pertinent, thought-provoking journalism. "RAZOR targets the smart, selective, professional male looking for a magazine that incorporates all aspects of his lifestyle with substance and class. "Confident, Refined and Provocative Without Compromising on Intelligence." Thought provoking journalism? Refined? Quality? Class? Without compromising on intelligence? Apparently the oily urlLink A.J. Benza , he who admits to rarely wearing underwear, cannot be reached by email because all mail bounces, wrote and "exclusive" interview of Howard Stern for their June issue which Howard Stern on air today has denied that the interview ever took place. Where the fuck are the fact checkers at that sleaze ball operation? urlLink Lloyd Grove writes in the Daily news : "Did he or didn't he? "The folks at Razor magazine have been making a big deal about their 'exclusive' Howard Stern interview purportedly conducted by former Daily News gossip A.J. Benza. "But Stern insists the alleged interview never happened. "It's part of Razor's June cover story on the blue-tongued radio jock's troubles with the Federal Communications Commission. "I'm told that Razor's editors got very anxious the other day when Stern went on the air to deny that he ever gave Benza or anyone else an interview. "'According to urlLink MarksFriggin.com , a fan site that summarizes Stern's shows, 'Howard refused [Razor's interview request] and it never happened ... He thinks it's kind of funny that the magazine is putting out a press release saying that they have an exclusive with him when they don't.' "I hear that the Razor editors' anxiety level increased when E-mails to Benza, who has written for the mag on and off since 2001, were bounced back with the message that the address was invalid." The Corsair grabs a box of unsalted popcorn and is riveted to the screen. "'I have a hard time believing that A.J. Benza would make up quotes about somebody as prolific and newsworthy as Howard Stern,' Razor publisher Richard Botto told me. ( Ed Note : Richard Botto has since been fingered as the culprit) 'I think it would be career suicide, and I think A.J. knows that.' "But while Benza told me he didn't make up any quotes for the article, 'I never interviewed Howard. I made some calls to him personally as a friend,' he explained. 'We spent about 30 seconds talking about the FCC, but it wasn't under the guise of an interview. But then the magazine put out a press release about an exclusive interview. It's just stupid. It's ridiculous.'" "When I relayed Benza's comments to Botto, the publisher wasn't happy. "'He's clearly flip-flopping his position,' Botto said. 'That wasn't the way he presented it to our editors. It's a shame. I hate to see him take what I think is a terrific piece and turn it into something negative.' "Benza, for his part, told me: 'They still owe me a check.'" The Corsair saw the interview, which is just a cut and paste of things stern has said over the air dressed up with pro-Stern rants. Note to A.J.: Don't look forward to the check, baby.

 Christian Slater Likes The Strippers urlLink Those 3AM girls once again serve up a dish of some extra spicy fixins, with silicone enhanced ... uhm, "enhancements" (ka-pow!): "...The 34-year-old True Romance star gave his credit card a severe pounding during a trip to London lapdancing club Sophisticats ( The Corsair averts his gaze at the highly dubious namings of urlLink British flesh establisments ) on Wednesday. "And even though he's worth a fortune, he got a huge shock when he was handed the bill for his evening's, er, entertainment. "'Slater racked up a really hefty bill,' says our spy at the club." The Corsair grabs some unsalted popcorn and, in a single elegant "sophisti-catted" leap ( ka-pow !), lands right in front of his screen. "'It came to around ( $14,540 ). Perhaps lap dances are cheaper in America because he wasn't too happy about coughing up the cash. But he did eventually pay up.'" " ... He was so taken with the dancers, he whisked six of them off to a private room. "Our source adds: 'Christian was there on his own and he hand-picked the blonde bombshells to party on with him." The Corsair sips a glass of Cutty Sark, leans back on the sofa, turns on Kid Rock CD and watches all the action in the room. "'(Slater) took them into the blacked-out VIP room where he enjoyed private dances for hours. "'It's hard to believe he's a big movie star. He didn't look like a sex symbol at all - more like a scruffy tramp wearing just cheap jeans and a shirt." Damn . Whatever happened to the testosterone-laden anthem: "Whatever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas?" Did that just go the way of the Dodo or what? Huh? The humanity : "He seemed to be the worse for wear and was drinking champagne. But he loved the attention the girls were giving him. It's a bit sad, though, if you have to pay for that attention." "Slater, a father of two who is married to urlLink Ryan Haddon ( Ed Note : That mugshot link may be the prime reason Slater needs the "extra" loving, if you can dig it), seems to be a bit of a lapdancing aficionado. "He joined Ben Affleck on a wild night out at a Canadian strip bar last year - an event which led to a serious fall-out between Ben and J.Lo. And this isn't his first visit to Sophisticats either. "'Last time he arrived with three or four friends and spent loads of cash,' reveals our spy. 'They were drinking bottles of Cristal Rose champagne at ($900) a time.' "A club spokesman confirmed: 'Yes, we had a visit from Christian Slater. It's his second time - he really likes it here. He had dances from six girls. There were two in particular he liked, both young blondes. He was having a hell of a lot of fun with them.'" I hope it was worth $14,540 of sophisticash (ka-pow!).

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Elvis Mitchell's "Unusual" book proposal . According to the excellent Sara Nelson in yesterday's NY Post: " Elvis Mitchell , former New York Times reporter, has landed in the middle of a book auction. His proposal for a book about the comedian urlLink Richard Pryor is currently on the desks of several prominent New York editors. "The proposal is 'unusual,' says one editor who has seen it. It is nonlinear and suggests that the book will be part cultural history of America, part tour of the comedy world, part dishy anecdotes about Pryor including one in which the comedian's scatological language made New Yorker writer Lillian Ross not just blush, but faint." Unusual as that is, apparently, urlLink leaving the New York Times and urlLink palling around with the likes of Bill Murray does wonders for one's career, I suppose, as Sara Nelson concludes, "The bidding is now in the low six figures, but one industry observer predicts that the book which Mitchell promises to deliver in two years will ultimately go for around $500,000." Which almost makes up for the fact that he is, indeed, a black man named Elvis. Out : urlLink Bruce Willis and Brooke Burns . First they were supposed to be engaged. Then he denied it. Now, they have brokeen up, urlLink according to The Sun , for the sake of their kids: "BRUCE Williss ex spoke of their split for the first time yesterday and said it was so they could focus on their families. " Brooke Burns , 26, has a baby girl and film star Bruce, 49, has three daughters by Demi Moore . "They parted last week. But actress Brooke said: 'We remain really good friends. Hes an amazing guy and we have a ball together, even still.'" And, what better way to amplify on a major life change than by becoming trannie-whore loving Eddie Murphy's neighbor("my girl likes to party all the time ..."), urlLink according to The New York Post : "CALL him Beverly Hills Bruce. Action hero and real estate magnate Bruce Willis has just bought the two-story split-level Benedict Canyon home of movie producer urlLink Alan Ladd Jr . for just under $10 million. Remodeled in 1999 by Ladd, (whose films include 'Braveheart,' 'The Phantom' and 'The Man in the Iron Mask') and wife Cindra , the large home combines the beauty of a classic Spanish haciendastyle home with all the requisite technological trappings." Wealth means never having to marry for the sake of kids. And, there's nothing like starting off the day off with some real estate gossip for we, dear reader , the summerhome-less. In : Sure he has that creepy buzzard-like stare, but urlLink Issac Mizrahi is so very "in." Back from the dead, really. According to fashionweekdaily: " Isaac Mizrahi will return to the runway on Monday night for the first time since 1998, with his Target-hosted fashion show at Cipriani 42nd Street. The Daily has learned that Diane Sawyer, director urlLink Mike Nichols , urlLink Jason Biggs , and photographer urlLink Bruce Weber are some of the confirmed A-listers who will join New York societys elite, including Helen Schifter , urlLink Aerin Lauder , urlLink Nina Griscom , and Marjorie Raein , in honoring the Parsons graduate and quadruple-CFDA award winner. Mizrahi, whose label has been revitalized in recent years, will present his Isaac Mizrahi for Target and Isaac Mizrahi New York Couture collections" On June 15th, he will present a fashion show online urlLink here . Out : War , war, what's it good for ... good god, y'all . What the fuck is up? First urlLink Gothamist and Jason Calacanis , two of the nicest entities in the blogosphere get into a tussel, then the barbarians started ganging up on the beautiful urlLink Lindsay Robertson , now urlLink the Hampton's , the playground of the rich, have "got it twisted," (averted gaze) according to the urlLink NY Post Hampton's Diary : "THE war of the East End mags is just plain nasty. "On Saturday night at Nick & Toni's , one witness claims they saw Jason Oliver Nixon, editor in chief of Jason Binn's glossy Hamptons magazine, pick up a freshly placed stack of Joan Jedell's Hampton Sheet off the porch and fling them into the bushes. "Sources in the Hamptons-mag camp confirm Nixon and his friends were waiting for a table at the East Hampton eatery when Jedell, president and CEO of Hampton Sheet, came by to drop off June issues of her mag. "But they wholeheartedly and heatedly deny that Nixon touched the rival magazine. "Either way, Jedell's pages managed to go airborne. And when Jedell found out that someone had littered the shrubbery with her publication, sources say she retaliated in kind by throwing Hamptons magazines over the railing." Class will tell. What? Is everyone eating spicy food or something?

 Esquire Lives originally published January 4, 2004: Imagine our surprise at finding that Esquire did not, in fact, evaporate into an inert gas sometime in the late 90s as is commonly thought among the chattering classes. No, it actually is still being published. Not only that, true believer, but the January 2004 issue is pretty yummy indeed. It drinks, like The Corsair , deep from the urlLink cup of wit , partaking liberally from its libations. In their What I've Learned section, they manage all manner of fun from everyone including that Sir Edmund Hillary of social climbers, Lynda Carter , who went from being a middle calibre piece of ass to, dare we say it, a "Wonder Woman" to the trophy wife of a genuine pasty pink aging Washington power player. You go, grrrl (averted gaze). Aging Hollywood swordsman Jack Nicholson ("ah, grasshopper ..."), who Lara Flynn Boyle likes to call urlLink "chief," also makes an appearance in Eskie (It is rumored --I'm not kidding here -- that when she dated David Spade , her nickname for him was "peanut"). Here's what urlLink Wonder Woman had to say: "This modeling agency I'd gone to was putting on the Miss USA contest. Why would I want to run around in a bathing suit? But my mother and sister talked me into it. Three weeks later, I was Miss USA. Didn't even sing. There was no talent: it was all tits and ass." Well, to each our strong points. And Jack Black and Kyle Gass turn out this little chestnut: Kyle : Who we'd like to meet? Jesus . Jack : You should say I instead of we . I think Jesus would be a big fuckin letdown. You'd find out he's just a dude. He might be a real boring hang. He might be a really kick ass rabbi. You'd want to know the answer to everything and he'd say, 'How should I know? I'm just Jesus.' Plus you don't know how to speak ancient Aramaic. I say, let's go back to see someone who for sure kicked ass. Let's go fucking chat it up with Plato . Kyle : Talk about a language barrier. You're not gonna be knowin any of the Greek. I'd like to meet Hitler when he was an artist in Austria. Hang with him. I used to dream about this. I fantasized that I went to art school with the Beatles ... Jack : Dude, you better finish up that fuckin Hitler thought. You left it on a really wierd note. Kyle : Oh! I would just be checking Hitler out. Telling him, maybe you should stick with the painting." Esquire , the gift that keeps on giving.

 No Comment Necessary Originally published November 1, 2003: From urlLink David Brock's Blinded By The Right , page 25: "The dominant figure at the (Washington) Times was the editor in chief, Arnaud de Borchgrave , Newsweek's former chief of foreign correspondents ... the son of a Belgian Count, and the husband of a much younger, porcelain-skinned wife, Alexandra , an accomplished photographer and the great grandaughter of the esteemed book publisher Henry Villard , Arnaud was culturally about as far as one could get from Bible Belt fundamentalism ... (he) could occasionally be glimpsed doing early morning push-ups in his underwear in his office, or sunning himself with a foil reflector in the bureau adjacent to the Times building, maintaining a perpetual orange glow."

 "It was like Freddie Blassie was coming into your house" An excerpt from urlLink Listen, You Pencil Necks, by "Classie" Freddie Blassie . Kosuke Takeuchi , President, Weekly Gong Magazine "In 1962 we were still feeling the loss of World War II, and when Rikidozan beat (classy Freddy) Blassie for urlLink the WWA championship , he defeated the Americans. "Everybody I knew watched Blassie's match with Rikidozan on tv. The televisions were only black-and-white then, so Blassie's hair looked white. urlLink His eyes were popping out and he had blood all over himself. He was really frightening. "I've seen lots of foreign wrestlers -- Americans had been coming to Japan for several years as urlLink heels -- but never a heel like this . We were used to wrestlers picking up chairs and hitting opponents with them. That was as bad as it got. Blassie was the first time (the Japanese) ever saw bite somebody and draw blood. Blood would not only pour down the front of his face, but the chest and even the back of his head. It was shocking . "In the past the foreign heel would come in and lose. Then, he would accept his loss like a Japanese athelete would. Blassie was the only wrestler who, when he would lose, he still wanted to bite someone. In Japan, which is an orderly nation, we didn't understand this maniacal kind of man. "Blassie always bragged that when Japanese people saw him on tv, they had heart attacks and died. This is true. TV was still very new in Japan, and only 50 percent of the population had tvs. So, big groups of people sat together to watch wrestling. There still wasn't an understanding of the distance between yourself and the television. It was like Freddie Blassie was coming into your house. And there was a certain type of hysteria that upset some of the older Japanese people to the point where they had heart attacks and died. "Blassie knew about what happened. The reporters in Japan told him about the details. I don't know how he felt privately, he didn't seem to care. He said, 'If you're too old or ill, don't watch me on tv. If you do, you get what you deserve.'" And that's why he was "Classie"

 Family Values Limbaugh Ends Third Marriage Pumpkinheaded family values exemplar Rush Limbaugh has is ending his third marriage. Shrewdly, he announced it on Friday, thus hoping it would be buried in the little read Saturday papers. But The Corsair never sleeps . According to the urlLink Washington Post : "Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh said on Friday that he and his third wife, urlLink Marta , had mutually decided to end their marriage of 10 years. "A statement issued through Los Angeles-based public relations firm Sitrick and Company said the Limbaughs 'have separated pending an amicable resolution.' It was not clear whether either party had formally filed for divorce. "A spokesman at Sitrick declined to provide further details. "Limbaugh and his third wife, a former aerobics instructor he met on the Internet, were married in May 1994 at the home of U.S. Supreme Court Justice urlLink Clarence Thomas in a ceremony officiated by Thomas himself. "His two previous marriages ended in divorce." Well then, there you go: Clarence Thomas was the jinx; er, either that or this story speaks to the futility of finding commitment with aerobics instructors that you meet over the internet. The article continues, warbling, like a sad, slow cautionary urlLink Willie Nelson song of American woe: "Word of Limbaugh's latest marital difficulties come as the outspoken radio personality has come under investigation by prosecutors in Palm Beach County, Florida, where he lives, over allegations of illegal doctor-shopping for painkillers. "Limbaugh, 53, who has not been charged, admitted in October of last year to becoming addicted to prescription painkillers he took for back pain. He took a five-week break from his syndicated radio show to check into a drug rehabilitation center." When will Rush stop blathering about urlLink the morality of others , which, no doubt, gives him a bloated feeling of superiority, and look to his own sorry affairs? Maybe now? urlLink The Page Sixers elaborate: "RUSH Limbaugh put out a statement yesterday that he and his third wife, Marta, had separated but only after PAGE SIX called to confirm what we'd learned exclusively. Sources in Palm Beach say Marta dumped the burly blowhard and vacated the couple's home on North Ocean Boulevard. The two are quietly working out a divorce agreement. Limbaugh met Marta on the Internet and they married in 1994. Since then, Marta has seen Limbaugh through ballooning weight gains, deafness (a cochlear implant in 2002 restored 80 percent of his hearing), his prescription pill addiction, rehab and a police investigation. Signs of trouble first came last year in November when one pal of Limbaugh said: 'Marta didn't go visit him [at the in-patient treatment center] once until the very end. It was odd.' Insiders say there is probably a pre-nup, but Marta may get more as she 'knows where all of his skeletons are. That's why there are these . . . discussions.'" ( The Corsair cues urlLink ominous music ) ".... Discussions?!"

 What's Eating Russell Simmons? Originally published December 30, 2003: What's Eating Russell Simmons ? Or rather, what is Russell Simmons eating? Plants ... urlLink lots and lots of plants . The Corsair knows all the telltale signs. I was editor-in-chief at MacDirectory , and urlLink reported frequently on Apple's CEO Steve Jobs . Jobs drank so much carrot juice that at one time he appeared to be turning orange . We had to recalibrate our digital cameras, it was a fiasco. Kidding. ( The Corsair smiles serenely like a Venetian child in prayerful repose) Our favorite hip hop herbivore is looking a little ... now I don't want to offend anybody here ( The Corsair hastens slowly)... these are powerful toes I'm stepping on ( The Corsair fumbles in the existential void for urlLink le mot juste ) ... and I'm sure many of my readers are veggies as well ... Russ is looking a little anemic . A little urlLink unhealthy . In the ( The Corsair makes quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) "urban community," it might be phrased as: urlLink Russ doesn't look like he's packing "the rib-busting ox-strength." Seriously , though, on the real, keeping it gangsta and all: could someone just toss -- just dash off -- some curry oxtail in Russell's algae shake? Please?

 Brenda Stronach and Bill Clinton: Friends or Lovers? "( urlLink Brenda Stronach's ) friends have gone out of their way to downplay salacious thinking about her friendship with Clinton. 'They are friends,' a close friend of urlLink Stronach's told the CanWest News Service last year, 'but there is not a romantic linkage. It's just not that way ... you shouldn't jump to conclusions that they are having a serious fling,' though the friend added Stronach's 'intrigued' by Clinton's 'charisma, brainpower, particularly his knowledge of world events.' Stronach, according to that friend, said of Clinton: 'The guy is really smart, and he knows a lot of stuff." John Fund , Politics, The American Spectator, March 2004 So, Brenda Stonach, who may become Prime Minister of Canada and urlLink Benazir Bhutto , former Prime Minister of Pakistan, are both the subjects of shouts and murmers round the Beltway of having had flings with Wild Bill. Any other world leaders allege to know Bill Clinton in a Biblical manner? Right here's a good place to get it off your chest. Personally, The Corsair is still just getting over urlLink Markie Post . Crazy like Swayze. And in other breaking news: urlLink McCain rejects Kerry's Veep overture . Bet Clinton doesn't get too many rejected overtures, though. The further decline of the democrats. Kerry sucks.

 Ashley Twins Birthday Party Although The Corsair is more of a urlLink Natalie Portman type of freak (call me Natalie, call ... me), it takes all kinds. urlLink Diffrn't Strokes to rule the world , people; you better recognize. I realize that some of my base is salivating over the ( The Corsair makes quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) "legality" of urlLink Mary-Kate and Ashley . Yes, let's call it legality. Some people are taking it a little too far, in my humble opinion, urlLink but I won't mention any blogs by link . Some people are taking it to urlLink a whole new level . ... Elevating their urlLink game . Being a wee bit urlLink scary . Well, one thing is for urlLink sure . The perverts of the world are urlLink out and in force , my little sweet breads. The Corsair recommends that decent, law abiding Americans lock up their women and children, load up on food rations and water and head for those bomb shelter -- urlLink shnell !-- and don't come out until Monday . Remember the sage advice of Whodini, who, at the height of the crack era put out the "prescient" hit single: urlLink The Freaks Come Out at Night .

 Tina Brown: How Ronald Reagan Saved Vanity Fair Not only, as the eulogists would have us believe, did Reagan save us from the Evil Empire, but he gave us Vanity Fair, just as urlLink God gave rock and roll to everyone . urlLink Fashionweekdaily's link section turns our waivering attentions over to urlLink Tina Brown's rememberance in today's Washington Post about the time Ronald Reagan saved Vanity Fair . Oh, it's on like popcorn: "We needed something big and we needed it fast, since Conde Nast Chairman S.I. Newhouse had just made it plain that we had only six more months to fool around before he kissed this money-losing turkey goodbye. " urlLink Hoping for a deus ex machina , we got a president ex machina. VF's resourceful picture editor, James Danziger , traded on his friendship with Doug Wick, son of Reagan pal Charles Z. Wick, to score a cover shoot with Ronald and Nancy Reagan. "... The Reagans' moment of gaiety on the cover was a kiss of life for Vanity Fair." Oh, Tina, the man is dead, there is no synergy left in his rouged corpse, leave him alone ... must every occurrence under the sun be attatched to a Tina anecdote?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Napoleon Dynamite . I went to a screening last night and loved this quirky indie MTV film. (Ed note. The Corsair writes for VH1's Best Week Ever blog , so you can take this with a grain of salt, if you wish) Granted, this is not urlLink Heidegger , but it is a sweet, funny, and odd skewering of Middle American cornfed jock and cheerleader culture. I adored it. By all means check this movie out, it is so choice , I highly recommend it. Out : urlLink Ben Affleck , out with bronchitis, according to urlLink Ananova , via urlLink IMDB : " Ben Affleck has been readmitted to hospital for the second time in a week suffering from severe bronchitis. "The actor, who has been staying in his native Massachusetts with his mother and new love urlLink Enza Sambatoro , was first admitted to the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center last month. " ... On Monday he stayed for several hours for treatment, before being released." Poor guy , his ex gets married on the rebound, and now, two bouts of bronchitis. And we won't even mention his last few stinker ... I mean films , he made. ( The Corsair covers nose and exits room) In : According to the urlLink MTV News (link via urlLink Whatevs ) comedian Dave Chapelle is in early talks to play Rick James in a bio pic based on the rowdy funkster's upcoming book, "Memoirs of a Superfreak." Folks, I couldn't make this up if I tried. comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever blog . In : urlLink Fashionweekdaily's interview with The New York Post?s new 25 year old nightlife columnist Elisa Lipsky-Karasz contains the following chestnut: "How did you get to be an expert social chronicler? "Reading a lot of urlLink Henry James , urlLink Balzac , and urlLink Edith Wharton in school. They were really the ultimate social chroniclers. But I've always been fascinated by the different characters you find in the social swirl, and to my mind there is nowhere more captivating than New York City. " The Corsair is in love. Out : How urlLink we loathe Don Imus , that leathery racist. urlLink Gawker reports Imus' thoughts on the passing of Ray Charles : "Did anyone hear Don Imus on the death of Ray Charles this morning? (I certainly didn't -- I'd rather be bludgeoned with a radio than listen to it.) A reader says Imus spent some time making fun of Charles's 36 descendants: Imus said 'that's more than the Million Man March.' Then his cronies start naming the kids, 'Malcolm X Charles, Charles Charles, Ray Charles, Jr.' and laughing." Charmed , I'm sure. Now, now, Don, that kind of humor can be easily flipped, sort of like urlLink Paris Hilton in that video . Say, what if you and your dingybroadd of a wife Dierdre Imus birthed further offspring ( The Corsair turns his head for a moment in abject horror), what would their names be? Billy Bob, Lil' Mullet, Jedediah Kraker, the all purpose "Skyler," and, of course, who can forget Ezekiel . Fuck you very much, Don Imus , you old racist ex-cokehead fuck. In : We'd stalk urlLink Natalie Portman ( The Corsair begins to perspire) but urlLink Queen Amidala got all ( The Corsair makes imaginary quotation marks with his fingers into thin air) urlLink litigious that one time I camped outside her house with urlLink high powered binoculars , like the kind Luke Skywalker used in urlLink Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope , and got a restraining order out on me. Anyhoo : urlLink Fashionweekdaily stalks Natalie Portman so I don't have to remove my ankle bracelet. Out : urlLink Carolina Herrera, Jr really harshed on my mellow the other day. According to an interview in the May 2004 Tatler, when asked what her biggest food vice is, she answered, "McDonalds andcondensedd milk. I put it on cakes, ice cream and jelly." what-the-fuck?! In : My pal Tom at most excellent urlLink The Media Drop notes that Britney Spears has been sued for the use of "In The Zone" as the title of her album: "While I wholeheartedly believe in trademarks, copyrights, and the like, I think statements like the following from the attorney for Lite Breeze are probably overstepping their bounds a little bit. 'When people who buy T-shirts think of 'In the Zone,' they think of Lite Breeze,' ummmm, I don't think I would, actually. I'll even go out on a limb and suggest that 9 out of 10 people would agree with that. Maybe 'when people who buy T-shirts in San Diego think of 'In the Zone, they think of Lite Breeze' would be more valid. But since I'm not in San Diego, I can't say for sure."

 Vin Diesel's Ambiguous Racial Derivation Is Vin Diesel black? Is he white? Is he mocachino? Just what is he? After reading the urlLink Details Magazine cover story in the June/July issue I still haven't the faintest idea. Here's what they say: "In real life, Diesel's father (technically his stepfather, who came into Diesel's life when he was 1, he has never met his biological father) was an actor and a director of some racial background, reputed to be African American. His mother was a strologer-psychologist, and in addition to his younger sister, he has one younger brother and a blonde blue eyed fraternal twin brother." Say what ? The article continues: "The monologue at the end of (Vin Diesel's indie breakout film) urlLink Multi-Facial is something close to a manifesto. In it, Diesel describes going as a child to see his father play the lead in A Raisin in the Sun and thinking that everything his father said was related to him. After referring to a scene in which his father, playing a father, talks on stage about pride, he concludes: For years I thought he wanted me to act just like him, to be a black actor, like Danny Glover or Sidney Poitier or Morgan Freeman . Just like my dad. But I was never black enough. My dad died last year. And only then did I realize how ignorant I was ... My dad was a black actor. But he wanted me to go one step further. He wanted me to be an actor. Just an actor. That's what he meant when he said proud." Okay: I still don't know what his race is but that overblown speech certainly qualifies him as a urlLink ham . Ed. Note : Because of a meeting tommorrow, I won't be doing the blog. Sorry.

 CFDA Wrap Up 2: P Diddy Had A Good Week The kind folks as urlLink Fashionweekdaily give us the scoop on P Diddy and Zac Posen's after party: "A hip hop crowd descended upon Marqueewhich P. Diddy had closed for his invitation-only soireeto celebrate new business partners urlLink Zac Posen and P. Diddys dual CFDA wins earlier in the evening. While Zac held court at a reserved table right on the dance floorwhere he stripped down to just a tank top as he danced with urlLink Natalie Portman to (Jay Z and Beyonce's) 'Crazy in Love' while showering partygoers with rose petalsthe Diddy roamed the club, shaking hands and stopping the music to share the good news with the entire crowd, just in case any guests had forgotten they were partying with winners." And, of course, Diddy, not unaware of the importance of that significant cultural ritual the "after party", made an announcement befitting the occasion: "P. Diddy announced that he had signed urlLink Tyson Beckford to be the face of Sean John for the next two years. Apparently Diddy and Posen stopped by the competition, that would be urlLink Elizabeth Salzman and Tom Ford's CFDA after party . P Diddy: Best Week Ever?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Scarlett Johannsen as the pouty childish diva. You know the Tinseltown buzz on Scarlett, gentle reader -- she's ( sotto voce ) "mature beyond her years," (pauses, quietly sipping a urlLink 1973 Chateau Le Trehon ) after the role in which she played opposite the excellent Bill Murray in urlLink Lost in Translation . But, according to urlLink that significant cultural artifact Star , it's all a sexy lie wrapped in lingerie and saucy come-hither looks: " Scarlett Johansson may have a career that older actresses envy, but off-camera, the 19-year-old just wants to act her age. Unfortunately, behaving like a normal girl has proved difficult for Scarlett, whose mother and management team are constantly trying to make her seem more sophisticated, according to sources. 'They want her to be the next Meryl Streep ,' a friend told an insider. 'They see her as a leading lady, playing roles from the ages of 18 to 30 and expect her to look the part.' "In addition, says the insider, Scarlett is often coached to sound more mature than she really is. 'she gets fed up because even when she's not acting,' says the friend, 'she's being forced to behave like a different person.' God, who in the world would ever think that Hollywood is fake? Out : Courtney Love , who, once again, is scheduled to give us some "Court Love court room" drama, Law and Order style . Chung-chung! On the docket will be: impromptu urlLink bathroom press conferences , the inappropriate spraying of hot tears, the urlLink suckling of McDonald's clientelle , and, of course, flip comments excecuted with rock star dash urlLink ("silly case, silly dress") -- the works . urlLink According to Ananova : "An arrest warrant has been issued for Courtney Love after she was charged with attacking another woman. "Love is said to have attacked the woman with a bottle and a torch at the home of her former manager and ex-boyfriend. "An arrest warrant has been issued for the felony charge of assault with a deadly weapon. She is expected to surrender to police today." And, for those of you with a morbid taste for the decline and Fall of a rocker, urlLink TheSmokingGun delves into the specifics: " Courtney Love has been charged with felony assault for allegedly battering a fellow female rock singer with a bottle and metal flashlight during an April attack at the same Los Angeles home where the troubled performer had been arrested last October. According to the below June 2 criminal complaint--which charges Love with assault with a deadly weapon--the performer attacked urlLink Kristin King , a 28-year-old singer/guitarist who fronts an L.A. rock trio. King, pictured at right, is a younger and blonder version of the 39-year-old Love and is a favorite of Eric Erlandson , Love's former guitar man in the band Hole." In : Narsicism , it's the new black. Or, as urlLink Dick Morris writes on the subject today in his comparison of Clinton and Reagan: "A narcissist needs a mirror so that he can see himself, and measure his self-worth, in the reflected opinions of others. But narcissists dont want just any mirror. The more beautiful, bright, charismatic, charming and attractive people are, the more psychologically nurturing they are as a mirror for the narcissist." And Morris knows wherof he speaks on the need to impress people as a part of their self esteem. urlLink Was it Howard Kurtz who wrote on Dick Morris' episode with calling on Bill Clinton while with a "lady of the evening"? "(hooker Sherry) Rowlands also recounted an episode in which she said Morris let her listen in on a phone conversation with the president: "Hillary answered the phone and she said the president was exercising at the moment and she would get him . . . and when [Clinton] came back he sounds really mad . . . and he said, 'Look, Dick, I would prefer you not use this phone anymore. You can understand Hillary is upset, my wife is not well, you know with all this Whitewater trial and everything, she is not well. You know the regular lines, do not call the private residence anymore.' And he was embarrassed and he said, 'I'm sorry, sir' and hung up.'" Isn't this just a case of the pol calling the Clinton wack? Out : Henry Kissinger . I still cannot believe that Henry Kissinger is allowed to walk the streets free and unfettered by chains. Increasingly, his behavior mirrors that of the dictators he hustled in the 70s. In the June 3rd issue of The Nation, urlLink Scott Sherman chronicles the odd anti-American behavior of the Machiavellian in Winter: "Last November Foreign Affairs , the prestigious journal of the Council on Foreign Relations , published a review of The Pinochet File: A Declassified Dossier on Atrocity and Accountability, a new book by urlLink Peter Kornbluh , director of the urlLink National Security Archive's Chile Documentation Project . Written by the council's chief Latin America expert, urlLink Kenneth Maxwell , the review upset two former statesmen who figure prominently in the book and who also happen to be influential actors at the council: Henry Kissinger and his longtime associate urlLink William Rogers . In May, after urlLink an acrimonious exchange between Rogers and Maxwell in Foreign Affairs -- an exchange that Maxwell insists was abruptly curtailed as a result of pressure from urlLink Kissinger and Rogers--Maxwell resigned in protest from the council. His departure raises questions about intellectual freedom at the council; about editorial independence at Foreign Affairs, where Maxwell spent eleven years as Western Hemisphere book reviewer; and about Kissinger's and Rogers's influence on the nation's pre-eminent foreign policy think tank." In : Seal and Heidi Klum and baby Leni : perhaps the cutest family unit ever. urlLink According to Daily Vogue : "HEIDI KLUM has never felt love like it. The 31-year-old German supermodel, who gave birth to daughter Leni just one month ago, describes motherhood as 'amazing'. Having already regained her figure in time to turn up on the red carpet with her new man, Seal, in tow at the urlLink CFDA awards on Monday night , Klum told reporters that she had never felt better. 'You don't truly understand it until you experience it yourself,' she said. 'It really is a kind of love I've never felt before.' Admitting that she is also in love with the British singer who is said to be enjoying taking an active role in little Leni's life, Klum denied that marriage was on the cards. 'I'm in love now, but I don't need a wedding band to prove it,' she said." Out : The Sean Hannity versus Al Franken Feud is getting a little bit ... wierd . Okay, it's out-and-out urlLink Space 1999 (an ensemble cast that so ably included Martin Landau and Barbara Bain as, respectively Commander John Koening and Dr. Helena Russell ... thank you, thank you; you are too kind). urlLink TV Barn notes today : "Yesterday Bodies Like Ours sent an action alert containing a transcript excerpt from comedian and radio talk show host urlLink Al Franken containing an insensitive joke about intersex people and conjoined twins he made on his Air America show June 2, 2004. Many people reacted immediately by sending emails to the show expressing their dismay. "In a great example of how collective action can succeed, Al Franken will be issuing an apology for the remarks today on his show. Bodies Like Ours appreciates the quick response from urlLink Mr. Franken and his producer Ben Wikler in airing an apology." And, the apology? "On Wednesday's 'Fighting Hannity's Lies with Lies About Hannity' segment, I falsely claimed that Sean Hannity was born a hermaphroditic conjoined twin, and that the doctor who delivered him and his twin reacted in horror at their birth. I would like to apologize to members of the intersexed and conjoined-twin communities for furthering the unjustified stigma attached to these conditions. An estimated one in 2000 people are born with atypical genitalia, which, like conjoinment, is a naturally-occurring bodily variation. I am sorry for the ill-considered joke." urlLink Very Space 1999 , like I said. In : The Tom Freston Les Moonves Feud . urlLink The Defamer keeps us on the up and up: "The New York Post claims that MTV founder/TRL superfan Tom Freston has the advantage in the race to succeed Sumner Redstone as CEO of Viacom. (Quick catch-up for those joining us late: President Mel Karmazin recently quit the Big V, and Redstone named Freston and CBS head/evil mastermind Les Moonves as co-presidents, setting up a King Lear-style succession quagmire. King Lear was a 1997 TV movie starring Ian Holm.)" And also also In : urlLink Fashionweekdaily gives us this scoop : " Donna Karan and urlLink Ingrid Sischy are teaming up for the second time for urlLink Donna Karan: The Journey of a Woman (Assouline), a coffee table book due out this September. The book, which has been in development for the past nine months, follows the yoga-loving designers illustrious career from her early days at Anne Klein to the icon status she holds today." I look forward to it, cheers Ingrid. And, finally, also in: My old Boss Jason Calacanis urlLink brings back the good memories for kids who grew up in New York and remember the WPIX game "Pix," where kids would run home to play the interactive game on the phone with the tv station -- pre-Chose Your Own Adventure.

 Paris Hilton: "If people actually take (My Book) seriously, I'll be embarassed." In the urlLink June 2004 issue of Hollywood Life, Paris Hilton , in an interview with Stephen Rebello , gets deep: "Another project Hilton would like to do wis a screen version of urlLink Gigi Levangie Grazer's satirical Hollywood novel urlLink Maneater . 'I loved that book and if they make that a movie, I want to be in it. I love urlLink Jackie Collins too, everything she does, and I love her personally," says Hilton, who could easily be a character in one of Collins' racy novels. Hilton's affection for girly books is perhaps part of her reason for doing a comedic as-told-to book, urlLink Confessions of an Heiress , due out in the Fall from Simon and Schuster. But another reason is that today, invariably, every celebrity must publish a book. She breezily describes it as "about urlLink my life , my friends, it has lots of pictures, and its just kind of a book for girls about how to be an heiress. If people actually take it seriously, I'll be embarassed. I mean, there's a chapter from my dog, Tinkerbell, who has her own diary." With that, her adored teacup Chihuahua Tinkerbell , who sometimes sports her own designer booties, goes prancing around the studio like the pampered princess she has every right to be. "Tinkerbell is my life," says Hilton, with genuine emotion. "I love her so much, I can't imagine losing her. I will die when she dies. I really won't know what to do."

 Britney Disses Bono's Progeny urlLink The 3AM Girls serve up the pipin hot scoop on Britney: "THERE'S nobody quite like Britney Spears when it comes to erratic behaviour. "According to our spies, the 22-year-old diva 'had a turn' following one of her gigs in Dublin last week." The Corsair turns up Mobb Deep's Got It Twisted, grabs a bowl of unsalted popcorn and reads "And who was it that rattled the poor poppet? Step forward the children of rock legend and all-round decent bloke Bono. "The U2 frontman's kids were at the concert and wanted to meet Brit backstage after the gig. As it turned out, that was easier said than done. "'Britney was having none of it,' an insider reveals. 'She just point-blank refused to meet them and they were very disappointed. "'She made some excuse about being too tired. It's ridiculous if she thinks she's too important to meet the offspring of a legend like Bono.'" The Corsair continues: "... Our source added: 'Some of Colin Farrell's neighbours were there with their children and Britney had them ushered straight inside." "Perhaps the change in attitude had something to do with urlLink Britney's fling with 28-year-old Farrell last year . "'He's a great looking guy,' says our insider. 'Colin's hot property right now. So who could blame Britney if urlLink she still has a soft spot for him and wants to make a good impression on his neighbours?'" "Hmm, one person who might mind is current lover urlLink Kevin Federline . The loved-up couple had arrived in Ireland by private jet, before being whisked to the plush Westbury Hotel in a blacked-out limo. "... According to our source: ' ... Kevin's main role appeared to be chief bag carrier.' urlLink Sit, Kevin, sit ... good dog.

 Win One For The Gipper urlLink The AP reports "Ronald Reagan enthusiastic supporters say the late president deserves a place on the nation's currency, even if it means a lesser or disappearing role for Franklin D. Roosevelt, Alexander Hamilton or Andrew Jackson." A smiling Gipper ten spot anyone? Comment here on on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever blog

 Connecticut Governor Rowland: Got It Twisted I've adressed the problem of urlLink Connecticut's corrupt Governor before quite brutally. I thought I was done with Rowland (regally sips a mulled claret with cardamom seeds), that I had made him scream for mercy from under the weight of my snark. Evidently not (abruptly tosses glass of claret into a roaring fire). My backhand was not sufficient. No matter. It appears I must deal with him again (slowly, menacingly, removes red velvet gloves). ( The Corsair strolls, speaking clearly and evenly) According to urlLink AP writer Susan Haigh : "Hearings that could end with a call for urlLink Gov. John G. Rowland's impeachment opened Tuesday with investigators prepared to lay out details of a seven-year-old real estate deal that one legislative leader says is central to the probe. "'... Never before has this state conducted an impeachment inquiry relating to its governor, and never before has a committee of the General Assembly faced what you faced, a decision whether to recommend that a popularly elected governor be removed from office,' he said. I wrote a blog post waaay back on December 19th (most of you didn't read me back then, I understand, I wasn't cool yet), and still, Rowland clings to the office, his short and greedy fingers clutching at the vestiges of power. Resign, Givernor Rowland ... resign . And to help you on your way(reprinted form December 19): Shadenfreude is a bitch , let me tell you, gentle reader. And there is nothing worse that being urlLink hoisted by ones own petard , spraying hot tears, in the media capitol of the world. I know this instinctively , as an occasional practitioner of that spooky art of "media" in this city. Well, sport sounds less pretentious than art, so let's call it that . Never in my life have I seen a sitting politician receiving so many bitchslaps, in such rapid succession, within, ostensibly, a season of holiday warmth and bonhomie towards humankind, as are being issued to urlLink Governor Rowland of Connecticut . Never (affects "outraged" tone). If this beating took place in the ring, Judge Mills Lane would throw in a skimpy white towel and send urlLink Governor Rowie's black-and-blue broken body, spent from the bitchslaps, to the showers . Pronto! It's over , Johnny. It's over to everyone but the Rowland's , which makes this little political shadenfreude particularly touching and cruel and fascinating in observation; it's like watching a couple of ants, slowly by slowly, reeling under the heat of a magnifying glass -- knowing what is going to happen next. Equally sizzling a proposition, Connecticut's Governor, a thick-headed man, by refusing to just resign that damn job in the face of rising public anger, is not doing himself a service. This stubborn man is getting a long, protracted vivisection from urlLink everyone in the media biz . A serious vivisection, my little pomegranates, to which his wife is, sadly, a party. Connecticut Governor John Rowland , and his wife, his "partner-in-crime" , so to speak , Patricia , are too good to be true and too sad to be true, simultaneously : to paraphrase Mobb Deep, my current musical obsession: The urlLink Governor's got it twisted . There is a snarky blogger heaven where bloggers are 24/7 press access to the Rowland's, to trap the gaffes, like beetles in amber, ad infinitum; there is also a blogger hell , where the conscience of the blogger creeps up and asks the man -- can't you just leave them alone ? I can't. (averted gaze, exaggerated cough suggesting feigned detatchment) First off , Governor John Rowland is ethically challenged. Now, I don't know whether this is because ethics are invisible little creatures (goddamn them!) that cannot be spacially located, but even by the standards of politicians, Rowland is creepily devoid of ethics, of an ethical comapss ; oh, why mince it, for fucks sake: devoid of even a single negative imperative imprinted upon his psyche, those chestnuts that make us fit for civilization (puffs out chest, gets all into the "moralizing,"). At the very least a beast like Rowland should wear an ethics jacket because everyone else is wearing one. But no, our Rowlie cannot be bothered. For example, (December 19th) urlLink Times ties Rowland's "paving contractor" (munches on a urlLink Veal Piccata ) to his controversial partnership in a private deveolpment group (wink wink, he'll thake care of that thing for ya). What's up with that ? Since when do politicians engage in business ventures with ties to their precinct while still in office -- that's crazy talk: what was he doing, pulling a Mariah ? Rowland was absent with the sniffles in "political corruption" class on the day urlLink Ambassador Lauder taught everyone to make your scrilla after you leave office and have cemented your contacts, preferably in an emerging democracy, where the legal framework is dodgy at best , and urlLink the vulture , I mean venture capitalist can roam in search of carrion and monopolies at will. And then there is that whole country house angle with the Rowlands. Not that I am against summer houses, per se, if you go in for that sort of thing (averted gaze), even though I (sniff, sniff), like the majority of Americans are summer homeless . Summer house issues, air-conditioned dog houses thingies, (sigh) these issues (gets emotionally worked up) just don't work out with the electorate, even in an electorate as wealthy as there are in Connecticut (slams hand impotently next to his laptop). Be afraid, Rowland (puffs out chest), be very very afraid. But of all the Christmastime fun surrounding this *dramedy* the Rowland's, produced, of course, by Asaad Kelada , was yesterday's press conference, where husband and First Lady, like Bonnie and Clyde, took on the press -- big mistake, baby pop -- urlLink in poetry -- a bigger fatter Greek mistake -- was a moment of great hysterical , and historical significance. And I do not mean to say that they urlLink quoted Edmund Spenser , or Rilke or even Dr. Suess , people. No , the Rowland's, well, Patricia, to be frank, with moral support from "her man," read a "witty" attack on the media in the form of urlLink Twas the Night Before Christmas . ( The Corsair cringes at the thought) The NY Times yesterday described the delivery as a "sing-song rebuke." It goes a little something like this: "Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except me, the first spouse." ( The Corsair cringes, knowing that this is just the beginning) "I was waiting for Santa, that jolly old elf, to give him the list I had drawn up myself. "For I had hung all the garland and tinseled the trees and festooned the house for the public to see. "I'd sent all the cards to our friends far and near, and thanked all our staff for their hard work this year. "I'd shopped and I wrapped all my gifts full of love for our five picky teens, the black Lab and the guv. "I kept quiet and calm through December's dark storm, protecting my family from those who wish harm. (Corsair cringes again) "So now it was my turn to get Santa's ear, to tell him what I wanted for Christmas this year. "When out on my yard there arose such a hubbub, I thought maybe [Hartford Courant reporter] Jon Lender had jumped in the hot tub." --You see where this is going? No? I must continue? Very well: "Now surely that man needs to go soak his head, but there on the lawn stood Santa instead. "'Come in, dear Santa, and rest for a while. I've got cookies and milk,' I said with a smile. "'I am late,' said Santa. 'My last stop took hours, all that coal I delivered down The Courant's tall towers. "'They used to be good girls and boys,' Santa said. 'But the poison pen's power has gone to their head. "'And I have the same problem at the media stations; they've just simply forgotten good human relations. "'Their thirst and hunger for the day's biggest story has earned them black coal for their ill-gotten glory.' "'Oh Santa,' I said, 'that is sad, I agree. They've acted like Grinches who have stolen our tree.' "'They whipped themselves into a mad feeding frenzy. They've embarrassed our children and our Mama McKenzie [Jo McKenzie, a longtime aide]." Here is how Alison Leigh Cowan and Marc Santora of the Times described the event: "After the poem's tone became clear and the audience gasped, she glanced at the governor to assess his reaction. 'Go for it, hon,' he said. 'What can they do to us?' "'They can't make it worse,' she replied, and continued reading." The media can't make it worse, honey? I just did. And, as I write this, many media organizations in the tri state area are doing worse ... much worse. But enough, even I have had enough of this shadenfreude; it's just too sad. Resign, Governor Rowland, resign . ( Ed Note : Roughly six months later, it did get worse.)

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Jazz at Lincoln Center at The Apollo . Our pal, the wonderful David Patrick Columbia , faithfully continues his running chronicle, in his breezy yet vital tone, of our leading social and artistic luminaries in urlLink NY Social Diary . Another day in the life of DPC : "We were up at the fabled Apollo theatre on 125th Street where Jazz at Lincoln Center was holding its third annual gala concert and dinner, 'Teach Me Tonight.' " urlLink Cedric the Entertainer was host with performances by urlLink Bob Dylan , urlLink Al Jarreau , urlLink Branford Marsalis , urlLink Renee Olstead , urlLink James Taylor and the Wynton Marsalis Septet . There must have been more than a thousand guests filling the legendary theater, and afterwards 700 of them moved to the tents behind the theatre for an Asian dinner provided by Taste Caterers. "Bob Dylan in a jazz concert on the stage of the Apollo? Scruffy-looking as ever, accompanied by his harmonica and the Marsalis Septet, he sang a jazz version of 'Dont Think Twice (its all right)' and jazz it was. And Dylan it was too. Same with James Taylor who sang a couple of his own compositions." Doesn't it appear as if David is having the most fabulous life? urlLink Follow your bliss , David, it's all good. Out : urlLink On the La.com blog , this blind item is pungent, punky even (played, so ably, by the way, by Soleil Moon Frye ... thank you, thank you): "The Smelly Starlet "If you want to see owners and managers of pricey clothing boutiques freak, just be there whenever this popular international dish comes cruising into their swank establishments trailed by her army of friends, relatives, flunkies and hangers-on. A clotheshorse and big spender, she spends hours and hours trying on only fashions costliest threads. Problem is, urlLink shes so careless about her personal hygiene that once she wears something, it reeks so badly of her personal scent that it cant possibly be sold retail anymore--so her try-ons first get seriously dry-cleaned, then shipped to discount racks. The doll is so stanky that after she completed shooting her recent hit movie, the wardrobe people burned her costumes to a crisp because they were totally unusable. This helps explain why she hooked up with her slightly less famous current squeeze, whose many erotic fetishes include flooding his sniffer with overripe body aromas." The only comment mentions Penelope Cruz , who certainly fits the "international dish" bill and "slightly less famous current squeeze" thingie ( Matthew McConaughey ), but when was the last time she had a hit? Blow ? Any other guesses or do go just with Penelope? In : urlLink I see white people ! No colorful people in sight for a Silver Springs advance screening of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkhaban doubling as an urlLink AFI tribute to MPAA President Jack Valenti . It's either that, or an Emmylou Harris concert. Or ice hockey. ( Ed Note : Warning, before you read further, for some reason The Corsair is on a racial kick today) Out : urlLink Carmen Kass . It looks like the Eastern European hottie will not be Estonia's EU delegate, urlLink according to Daily Vogue , in fact, she'll get her Kass kicked: " urlLink CARMEN KASS has almost no chance of being voted into parliament, according to Estonia's opinion polls. The 25-year-old supermodel, who was voted Model of the Year at the VH1/Vogue awards in 2000, was chosen by her country's ruling right wing Res Publica party as one of 12 candidates for the first deputies of the recently enlarged European Union. But the polls show that Kass has less than one per cent of voters on side. Despite calling the experience 'an opportunity which I couldn't miss', Kass has admitted that not being elected will not be the end of the world. 'It will be a pity for me if I will not be elected, but not a catastrophe,' she told AFP. 'It's the people's choice.' If the votes were to swing her way, however, she is prepared to give her modelling second place in her list of priorities to do the job. 'If people elect me to do this job, I don't have any other choice, I have to go,' she went on. 'It will be hard at the beginning for sure. But after 11 years in a modeling career there are few things I have not done, so I will hardly put much effort into it. Mostly I will dedicate myself to parliamentary work.' And she isn't taking the lack of votes personally. 'Estonians have maybe forgotten about me, because I have been abroad for a long time,' she said. 'But I haven't forgotten about Estonia. I remember where my roots are .'" The Corsair will respectfully refrain from pointing out that urlLink Carmen's roots are indeed brown , although the hair is blonde. In : urlLink Michael Musto is one of the few writers who can go totally off on a moral argument, but do it in such an offhand, funny manner, that it disarms the punch but leaves the kick, drawing in even the most skeptical of readers: "In the wildly nostalgic 20034 season on the Great White Way, African Americans were represented by a maid, a slave, street urchins, a downtrodden ghetto family, and an ape. You've come a long way, baby! (Yes, I know these are well-meaning, beautiful portrayals of black rootsexcept for the apebut let's vary it up a bit, folks. At least throw in a modern servant once in a while, deal?)" urlLink We heart Musto. (link via urlLink Gawker ) More brilliance a la Musto: "On the show, fab PHYLICIA RASHAD is go-going nuts, giving such a cuckoo grande-dame acceptance speech that her first name, clearly, is God." and, my personal fave: "Moving on to a past Tony nominee, I love me some MERYL STREEP because, if anyone could grandiosely intone self-serving stuff like 'As an actor . . . ' it's huh, and she never does! It's only people who were in urlLink That's So Raven or CSI: Hoboken that spew such flouncy crapola." Damn, The Corsair wanted to be the first to make a snarky That's So Raven reference, but the Must beat us to it. Out : All the Ronald Reagan historical revisionism ignores the fact that his "constructive engagement" with the brutal totalitarian Apartheid regime. As urlLink Richard Knight told the General Assembly in 1984 : "The Reagan administration's policy of constructive engagement has already led to a significant relaxation of the arms embargo. Stressing the goal of regional stability the American government has now adopted a policy which they see as an "even handed" approach to all countries in the region. Thus the Reagan administration seeks to blame all sides equally for the violence in the region, ignoring the fact that the violence stems from apartheid. In reality there is no even handedness in the U.S.'s engagement in southern Africa; policy in the last three years has resulted in an increased South African ability to harass and dominate regionally." And it all ultimately played out as urlLink Usinfo.state.gov says : "The charismatic Anglican bishop, Desmond Tutu , rallied western support with his call for a boycott of South Africa, primarily through economic sanctions. The administration of Ronald Reagan opposed formal sanctions, preferring to exert quiet pressure to speed up reform. But the demand for sanctions could not be quieted, and in 1986 Congress overrode a presidential veto to ban the importation of South African goods and prohibit American business investments in South Africa. "While some critics believe the sanctions were more symbolic than anything else, others claim that they did contribute to rapid political change in South Africa. In 1990 President F.W. de Klerk released Nelson Mandela after twenty-seven years of imprisonment, opened negotiations with the ANC and scrapped most of the apartheid laws. In 1992 a strong majority of the country's white population voted to endorse de Klerk's dismantling of apartheid and the extension of political rights to the black majority. When this happened, President Bush lifted the economic sanctions, claiming that the purpose of the bill had been successfully carried out." Let's review : Reagan coddled the totalitarian regime, A Democratic congress blocked his veto and imposed sanctions against the Apartheid regime, and, four years later, Nelson Mandela is released, and two years after that democratic elections are held. Now, you tell me why Reagan is a hero. In : Sick of all the Reagan propaganda? Reagan fatigued, yet? I know I am. urlLink The cats at Lowculture have prepared a very cute testionial from Reagan's costar and, for all intensive purposes his intellectual peer, Bonzo, the ape. urlLink So best .

 Wrapping up the CFDA Awards: P Diddy and Sarah Jessica Parker are the Stars urlLink Sarah Jessica Parker got the CFDA Fashion Icon Award last night. urlLink According to Ananova : "Parker, wearing a pink and black lace vintage halter dress by the late Hollywood costumer urlLink Howard Greer , said she was 'thrilled.' "'Fashion is my fatal flaw. It's my weakness. Sometimes you see something you want and you can't have it, but in my case ... ' she trailed off to laughter from the crowd. "'Sarah Jessica Parker represents the fact that high fashion - which had been divorced from reality for a while - is now a little more entwined with what people are wearing,' said Glamour editor in chief urlLink Cindi Leive . " P Diddy was named the top menswear designer of the year for his Sean John collection at the awards; he beat veterans and previous winners Ralph Lauren and Michael Kors . "'I'm very happy as you can see. I'm living the American dream' he said. urlLink Vogue Daily , also covering the festivities, noted: "'It's not whether you win or lose,' Sean Combs said last year, 'it's what you wear to the after party.' But priorities were changed last night and the man we used to call Puff Daddy finally got what he wanted - the Menswear Designer of the Year gong at the annual CFDA awards. The four times-nominated style maker trumped previous winners urlLink Ralph Lauren and urlLink Michael Kors , but he didn't bear a grudge in spite of being open about his disappointment in the past. 'I'm very happy as you can see,' he said, having danced his way to the New York Public Library's podium. Explaining to an audience of 400 designers, models and Hollywood stars that he had once 'saved his pennies' for a Ralph Lauren shirt, he claimed now to be 'living the American dream', before shouting out: 'Ralph, you're still the sexiest man on the planet!' urlLink Carolina Herrera , meanwhile, trounced urlLink Marc Jacobs , urlLink Ralph Rucci and Michael Kors by winning the Womenswear Designer of the Year award, while Coach's urlLink Reed Krakoff , who was up against urlLink Edmundo Castillo in the Accessories category, also went home triumphant. Combs' new fashion protg, urlLink Zac Posen , won the urlLink Perry Ellis Award for Emerging talent and went onto co-host the night's most starry after party in Marquee with him. The ceremony, which featured a performance from American Idol winner Fantasia Barrino, also honoured urlLink Sarah Jessica Parker as Fashion Icon of the Year, Donna Karan for a lifetime of achievement, urlLink Miuccia Prada as International Designer of the Year and urlLink Tom Ford in a special tribute to his contribution to international fashion. But it was definitely Puff's night. 'At the end of the day, there's nothing more dreary than menswear,' said Barney's creative director, urlLink Simon Doonan . 'But he's brought a huge burst of energy into the industry.'"

 X-Tina's Drrty Patents! Christina Aguilera is on to lingerie, according to urlLink British Glamour's Daily Gossip : "A WORLD OF PANTS "Move over Damaris , Agent Provocateur and FrostFrench , Christina Aguilera is moving in on the luxury lingerie market. The Stripped singer has asked the US Patent and Trademark Office to approve designs for a range of knickers, due to hit shops next year." The Corsair immediately lunges up angrily, a look of righteous indignation on his face, then, slowly, he realizes, 'oh, knickers ... I thought the article said ...' "But that's not all (Christina's) planning to put her name to: with what looks like world domination in her sights, Christina has also registered patents for 451 other items, including crayons, antiperspirant, skiwear, badminton sets, contact lenses and ominously 'electronic multiple activity toys', ropes and handcuffs!" Cause she is badminton ... no matter what you say ... words can't bring her down.

 Jay Z's Chicken Wing Chef urlLink The 3AM Girls serve up quite the spicy appetizer today: "MILLIONAIRE rapper Jay-Z is living proof that money can't buy you taste. "Instead of spending his dough on eating out at the world's finest restaurants, the plucky star has added a new member to his burgeoning entourage - a dedicated chicken-wing chef." The Corsair appreciates the "dedication" to that lost art form, but he wonders if this interferes with girlfriend urlLink Beyonce's lifetime free supply of Popeye's fried chicken . "And Jay-Z is so convinced even London's poshest restaurants can't cater for him that he recently insisted his cook step in and take over the kitchens of one of them. Oh, it's London ... well there you go: boiled food doesn't go over well in the hood; a hood needs the secret soul ingredient , the (makes finger marks in the air) "hot sauce." "A source close to Beyonce Knowles' other half disclosed: 'Jay-Z had some important meetings in London and one of them took place at Nobu." "But the ... Japanese cuisine - a favourite of celebs such as Robbie Williams and Pink - wasn't to 34-year-old Jay-Z's taste. "Our spy continued: 'He was very polite but he made it clear that raw fish wasn't his thing. He had a couple of drinks and then left to go to flash caviar restaurant La Plume , which he'd heard was accommodating to stars' demands.' "And it's just as well because this time the rapper wasn't taking any chances. We're told: 'A member of his entourage called ahead and said that he'd only come if his chicken-wing chef could take over the kitchen. "'When the cook arrived he was in a panic as he wasn't sure if he'd brought enough Tabasco sauce for his secret recipe. It was pretty obvious Jay-Z wouldn't have been happy if it wasn't right." The Corsair nods knowingly at the primacy of hot sauce with the urban palate . "'He also likes to know where his chicken comes from and there's only one family-run farm in Mexico that he trusts." Rappers can be eccentric about their food and urlLink food supplements . "'His new cook is responsible for making sure there are 100 wings from this place available for him and his flunkies to eat every night.' He got 99 problems but the wings aint one. Post here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever blog

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : So very in : urlLink Black Table's analysis of just how the race game plays itself out nestled in New York City's hipper circles: "Okay. So, some white people are down. And some white people are trying to be down. "To study the difference, we attended the fifth-anniversary party celebrating the Cornerstone Mixtape, a near-legendary promotional CD given to media and radio DJs. The party was at LQLQ in New York City on a Tuesday night and the lineup included live performances from href="http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/stores/artist/glance/-/72903/102-7340837-0128956">CL Smooth (oddly, Pete Rock was playing up the street), urlLink Black Sheep (yes, they're still together) and urlLink De La Soul , the pioneering rap group who made rap cool for white college kids. The white people were there. The black people were there. The music was tight. "We took some pictures. "You make the call: urlLink 'Down' or 'Not Down.' " Out : urlLink Rush and Molloy of the New York Daily News note that urlLink Les Moonves' ex wife can not or will not watch CBS: "CBS chief Les Moonves and his girlfriend, urlLink CBS 'Early Show' host Julie Chen , are on top of the world after his promotion at Viacom. Moonves' estranged wife, Nancy, has more mixed emotions. Last week, when Viacom chairman urlLink Sumner Redstone named Moonves and MTV Networks boss Tom Freston as co-presidents of the entertainment giant, Nancy tells us she sent Les an E-mail 'congratulating him. I said, 'You and Tom will make an unbeatable team.'" "'I certainly hope so,' says Nancy, who is divorcing Les after 24 years of marriage. 'I have stock in the company.' "At the same time, Nancy, 57, feels so hurt by the 54-year-old Moonves' romance with 34-year-old Chen that she won't even watch CBS. "'Neither I nor our children have watched it in years,' she says. 'I don't want to see [Chen]. It's not healthy for me or my kids.'" In : urlLink Scott L's Stereogum gives us some MTV Movie Award pictures. Paris Hilton . Halle Berry . Elen Degeneres in a Spiderwoman costume looking at Kirstin Dunst's cleavage. Carmen Electra . urlLink The usual suspects , the usual crimes. Out : urlLink The po-po are "Hassling the Hoff." (Link via urlLink DLR on BestWeekEver )Ice T should be proud of his little urlLink thug in training . Keep it gangsta, Knight Rider; If you were flossing the urlLink Knight Industries Two Thousand , you would've been in another county before they even had you on the radar, playboy. Show 'em what calibre of thug you are, D-Hassell. In : urlLink New York Magazine's blow by blow account of the Rye police (can't anyone have any fun?) raiding an upper middle class teenage party. It brings back so many good memories of "wild and innocent youth" (a song, by the way, played, so ably, by Nightranger ... thank you, thank you ; although, to be frank, nowadays The Corsair taste lean towards "Got it Twisted," by Mobb Deep ) Anyhoo : "12:32 A.M. "(David) MacBride, 19, made his way through the house, quickly, quietly, alerting everyone to the police presence. And who were all these people, anyway? Little grinning clusters of them, everywhere you turned, kids who were bopping to hip-hop one minute, the Grateful Dead the next, sipping Coors Light and Budweiser. At least 50. Maybe more. Guys sporting khaki shorts, crimped baseball caps, creased Oxford shirts, flip-flops; girls in tight jeans, tighter tank tops, tiny flounce skirts. Some didnt even go to MacBrides school, Rye High, a regal old Gothic structure in this storied suburb of landscaped lawns and luxury SUVs, a place where popular after-school activities include boating and horseback riding. "Indeed, it was always the same: Your parents are out of town (in Ireland this weekend), you invite a few people over (no more than fifteen), you stress that its to be a small, intimate affair. Seriously. But then someone cant help but tell their friends, who tell their friends, who tell their friends, and all of a sudden you dont recognize half the people roaming around your own home. "MacBride was more than a little annoyed. In fact, just a moment ago hed grabbed his close buddy, George Ladd , a 19-year-old senior with cloudy blue eyes and a jawline you could use to crack open a walnut, and asked him for a favor. "'Im about to lose it,' MacBride said. 'Do me a favor, and start kicking people out.' urlLink "But it was already too late." The adrenaline rush of quickly quietly getting the hell out of impending police procedures, ah, what memories that conjures . Replace the Coors Light with Old English ("The Burgundy and the Gold") and the SUV's with Nissan Maxima's and suburban lawns with urlLink the old Saint club and I'm 16 all over again. Out: Check out this blind item on urlLink LA.com's blog : "The Loathsome Legend "Years of great reviews and award recognition prove that this titan of movies, TV, and stage is about as good as it gets. (And shed be the last one to argue with anyone on that score.) But when it comes to being popular with people shes worked with, lets just say girlfriend wont be taking home any Miss Congeniality trophies anytime soon. Filming her newest movie, she was unusually unpleasant to everyone around her, avoiding conversation by constantly sticking her nose in a book or newspaper, speaking to coworkers only when she absolutely had to (and even then only in hostile grunts), and snarling at anyone who tried to be even moderately friendly. Our Lady of the Rampant Mood Swings gave off such a leave-me-alone vibe that production assistants privately drew straws and paid each other off in an effort to avoid having to deal with her directly. With all that fame and acclaim youd think shed be proud of her accomplishments--so whats her big complaint? She has convinced herself that she is revolting to the opposite sex. Somebody ought to tell her it isnt her face, figure or brain power that sucks, its her twisted 'tude." The consensus on the board is Bette Midler . But what do I know?

 JLo Gets Married ... Again J-Lo wed Mark Anthony on Saturday, according to the urlLink Daily News (link via urlLink Gothamist ): "The third time may be the charm for Bronx Bombshell Jennifer Lopez, who tied the superstar knot with singer Marc Anthony at surprise ceremony yesterday. The duo wed in front of about 40 guests at her Los Angeles estate, Us magazine reported. "'It was a very lovely low-key intimate affair for the closest friends and family,' a Lopez friend told the magazine. 'Even guests were surprised.'" The marriage takes place less than six months after breaking up with Ben Affleck . urlLink The Daily News , which has been on this story like urlLink Hasselhoff on "urban music," also reported: "(Ben Affleck), who was released from the hospital on J.Lo's wedding day, reportedly was recuperating from bronchitis at his mother's home in Cambridge, Mass., when the press caught up with him. "'The world's got a few other problems,' said a spokesman for Affleck, the Boston boy whose high-profile engagement to the Bronx bombshell crumbled less than six months ago. 'Leave him alone.'" And a Craigslister poetically considers, after the manner of a reverse stalker, urlLink a world without Bennifer . urlLink And wedding pics (via Scott L's Stereogum) And, Defamer notes that Mark Anthony, who just got a quickie divorce last Tuesday, urlLink still has his old wedding pictures up on his site . Like school on Saturday, Mark Anthony, no class ...

 Bill Clinton on 60 Minutes: And So, "The Summer of Clinton" Begins Bill Clinton is set to break television and book sales records as his very own Summer of Clinton begins. We are right now in the calm before Hurricane Clinton storms the media landscape. Just in time too, as watching urlLink Senator John Kerry in "action" ( The Corsair yawns) is about as exciting as watching urlLink plants produce oxygen . Although I haven't read the book, only excerpts, all accounts of those who have read longer excerpts (or AP which has an actual copy -- those crafties) point in the direction of Clinton utilizing one part down-homey Ozark wisdom suffused with one part simple message of Christian "forgiveness" against the detractors of his life; very Passion of the Christ-like. This, I believe, will be regarded favorably by African-Americans, Latinos and middle class Christians alike, who, historically, have been most receptive to the urlLink Christian Beatitudes . The "people of oppression," as urlLink Russell Simmons might say . urlLink Brilliant strategy , by the way ( The Corsair elegantly tips a glass of Grappa in Clinton's direction), affecting the posture of Christ in the face of his enemies, who always seem to rise in direct proportion to Clinton's likeability. His own shadows taking form. Do all world leaders battle their internal shadows in the public arena like Clinton? But then, Clinton was always urlLink precocious . One has to admire the global scale to which Clinton plays The Game, down to urlLink his very ground of being he is a political animal, the biggest cat in the jungle, from that urlLink handshake with JFK . Make no mistake : The race for the Clinton legacy begins on Sunday, the same day, incidentally, that the Clinton Summer begins. Once this is all over, Clinton quite possibly might be a sort of Global Preacher to the Oppressed, not inconceivably a future Secretary General of the UN, or, more likely (considering the massive Republican opposition to that concept), an Oprah-esque talk show host, globally syndicated, bringing untold billions to whatever media company acquires it. As urlLink CBS's website reports : "Former President Bill Clinton calls his fight against his impeachment a 'badge of honor' in an exclusive and wide-ranging 60 Minutes interview with Dan Rather to be broadcast Sunday, June 20, at 7 p.m. ET/PT." Or, as urlLink Newsweek's Howard Fineman describes it: "The rollout is vintage Clinton--charming, down home and completely calculated. In speeches and interviews, the former president has coyly hinted at great revelations amid 'My Life?s' 957 pages. But it?s a tease: he shows just enough leg to make you want to buy the book." And urlLink Reuters reports of the released audio excerpts on his urlLink historic handshake with Kennedy : "... Readers' opportunity to hear Clinton read more enticing excerpts will come in the next few days, as Time Warner Inc.'s AOL releases an excerpt entitled 'I started crying' on Saturday, another entitled 'I loved & forgave him' the next day and 'Marriage remains' on Monday, a spokeswoman said. "Clinton's choice of opening excerpt, with its references to two of America's most respected presidents, is a way to position himself in a way he wants to be perceived, said John Baker, editorial director of Publishers Weekly. "'I'm sure he was aware that everyone would be looking for the racy bits, and he wants to come out of the gate first as a statesman-like figure,' Baker said. But back to urlLink CBS's account of the Rather interview: "In the candid, sometimes emotional interview, the 42nd president of the United States talks about his public and private life ? soon to be revealed in his upcoming memoir urlLink My Life . "He also discusses his Arkansas childhood and family, his times as Arkansas governor, and the triumphs and failures of his presidency." Unfortunately -- or, fortunately, depending on how you view matters -- urlLink today's New York Times focused almost exclusively on the Lewinsky scandal. The Old Gray Lady likes the saucy bits, it appears. That and the endless repetition that Hillary Clinton looked "as if she had been punched in the gut" when she learned the truth. Bill slept on the couch for two months ( The Corsair yawns). By next week you will have heard about that about a hundred times, mark my words. Personally, I'd rather hear about his childhood, his thoughts on Vietnam, Kosovo and the Rwanda debacle. urlLink CBS's site continues: "'For him to talk about his personal life in these terms is pretty extraordinary,' says Rather of his interview with Mr. Clinton. "'The interview is explosive, revealing, insightful, and reflective. We've never seen a former president talk about his life the way he's done.'" Which is why The Corsair cannot wait to see Clinton being New Age Sensitive President on Oprah. You know Oprah, more than Rather, will get Clinton to emote, to look back on his history. "Mr. Clinton tells Rather he is proud that he fought the impeachment battle that failed to drive him from office. "'I didn't quit. I never thought of resigning and I stood up to it and beat it back,' he tells Rather. "'The whole battle was a badge of honor. I don't see it as a stain, because it was illegitimate,' says Mr. Clinton of the impeachment process that he calls 'an abuse of power.'" urlLink The AP , which urlLink mysteriously obtained an early copy of the book , amplifies on that point: "Clinton said his biggest presidential mistake was a 1994 decision that would ultimately lead to his impeachment - asking then-Attorney General Janet Reno to name a prosecutor to look into his Whitewater land dealings. "He said he was not worried about the prosecutor, because he had nothing to hide. But Clinton observed that he may have been so worn out and upset by the death of his mother that he failed to make what now seems the wiser choice - release the necessary papers, give Democrats a thorough briefing and seek their support. "The original prosecutor, Robert Fiske , was succeeded by Kenneth Starr, and the investigation was eventually expanded to include Clinton's affair with Lewinsky. "Writing about his 1998 impeachment, Clinton said Republican leaders were not punishing him for dishonesty or immoral conduct in having an affair with Lewinsky and lying about it under oath. He said he believed the reason was power, and because his political goals were different from theirs. "He survived the ordeal and remained focused on his job because of the support of the White House staff and Cabinet - even those who felt betrayed by his behavior - numerous world leaders, and encouraging words from both friends and strangers. "He even expressed gratitude to his political enemies for bringing him and his wife closer together. And once the impeachment process was over, his eviction - of at least two months - to the couch in a living room next to the bedroom ended, too, he said." urlLink The CBS site on the Rather interview continues: "Mr. Clinton views his economic plan as the greatest accomplishment of his presidency. "'I kept score, how many people's lives were better off,' he tells Rather. 'I think the fact that we were able to have 22 million jobs and record home ownership and lower interest rates ? people actually had the ability to do more things than ever before.' "He had many days as president that he counts among his best, including his efforts to help the residents of Kosovo and rid the world of a dictator. 'The day that Kosovar war ended and I knew Milosevic's days were numbered was a great day. I had a lot of great days,' he says. "The failure high on his list of regrets is the affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky that he terms 'a terrible moral error.' "The affair?s disclosure put him, he says, 'in the doghouse' with his wife and also threatened to alienate his daughter, Chelsea. The family was able to overcome its terrible effect through counseling, however. "Hillary, says Mr. Clinton, needed time with him to decide whether she would stay married to him. "'We'd take a day a week, and we did a whole day a week every week for a year, maybe a little more and did counseling,' says Mr. Clinton. 'We did it together. We did it individually. We did family work.'" Did this involve urlLink Jesse Jackson ? "Why did Mr. Clinton commit adultery? He tells Rather there is no rational explanation. 'I did something for the worst possible reason. Just because I could,' says Mr. Clinton. 'I think that's just about the most morally indefensible reason anybody could have for doing anything.' "Rather interviewed Mr. Clinton in his home in Chappaqua, N.Y., June 15, and last weekend in Arkansas, where Mr. Clinton took 60 Minutes cameras to his childhood home in Hope, the capitol in Little Rock, and to Hot Springs, where he grew up. "The interview addresses all the important aspects of Mr. Clinton's life. He speaks about the issues of his presidency, including the war on terror and Osama bin Laden and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, regretting his failure to convince Yasser Arafat to accept a proposal he thought could finally bring peace." I'm so there for you Dan Rather. So very there.

 Bill Murray Versus Chevy Chase From urlLink Live from New York by Tom Shales and James Andrew Mills : " Bill Murray "I got into a fight with Chevy (Chase) the night he came back to host. That was because I was the new guy, and it was sort of like it was my job to do that. It would have been too petty for someone else to do that. Its almost like I was goaded into that. I did sense that. I think they resented Chevy for leaving, and leaving and making his own career go. Everybody else was from the improvisational world, where you don't make it about you. You were an ensemble, you were a company. So when he left, there was resentment about that. It was a shock. "At the same time, Chevy was the big potato on the stew. He got the most sketches, he had the most influence, he got the publicity -- all of those things. So they didn't miss that part of it. But there was still hangover feelings that he shouldn't have left until everybody had that. You make sure everybody else is there and then you do it. "It did leave a big vacuum, because he was really heavy in those shows. You look at those early shows and he's heavy. And so you had a whole year when the writers ended up writing, like writers do -- they write for the guys who can get it done, who can get it on the air -- and Chevy's sketches got on the air because he was "the man," you know. The other actors had to start from scratch and teach the writers how to write for them ... When you become famous, you've got a year or two where you act like an asshole. You can't help yourself. It happens to everybody. You've got, like, two years to pull it together -- or it's permanent. John Landis "I've only been to SNL three times, and one time I was there, Chevy and Billy were having this huge screaming fight in the hallway, and Michael O'Donahue and Tom Davis were holding them back, and John and Danny jumped in because Chevy and Billy were really going to come to blows. I mean, it was a huge argument. And the thing I remember about Billy Murray -- I didn't know Bill Murray, but he's screaming, you know, foaming at the mouth, 'Fucking Chevy,' and in anger he says, 'Medium talent!' And I thought, 'Oh boy, that's funny. In anger he says 'medium talent.' That really impressed me. I went, 'So, Bill Murray -- wow, who is that guy?' Laraine Newman "It seems that there was a tension between Chevy and Bill all along during the week. I don't know why. I don't know if Chevy provoked it or not. But it culminated with Billy saying to Chevy, 'why don't you fuck your wife once in a while?' And I don't even remember who threw the first punch, Billy or Chevy. But it was ugly. I'd never seen guys fighting like that, let alone people I knew. And, you know, I don't know how he did it, but Chevy went out and did the monologue a few minutes later. Watching from the floor, he seemed shattered. Lorne Michaels "Billy Joel, the musical guest, was out singing his heart out while this was going on backstage."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Clases to Masses . After urlLink Isaac Mizrahi's strong showing at his Target fashion Show, Karl Lagerfeld took to heart the mantra: urlLink "classes to the masses": "One of the most venerable names in haute couture will embrace bargain shoppers when Chanel and Fendi designer Karl Lagerfeld launches a new line for H&M, the mecca of disposable chic. "'Karl Lagerfeld has been with the classes, now he's going to the masses,' said retail consultant Howard Davidowitz . Out : Man-slapping by any other name is not as sweet. Apparently urlLink Regis Philbin took the back of his hand to NY Daily News gossip columnist Ben Widdicombe , a vicious man-slapping if I ever heard one: "Regis and Joy Philbin were at Sirio Maccioni's Le Cirque 2000 this week to help him launch his memoirs. I asked Regis what he'd learned from the restaurateur. 'He taught me how to enjoy food!' Reege barked, before slapping me in the face (in an affectionate way, but still, it was kinda weird)." Not since urlLink NY Times boldfacer Joyce Wadler took took an elbow to the breadbasket has there been such an outrage. One of my bretheren in the scoop is taking a bitchslapping ( The Corsair sprints regally with a purposeful look in his eye to the scene of the crime). Man down! Man down! In : urlLink Madison and Vine . Must advertising and editorial in the media combine in roder to survive? urlLink The Page Sixers report : "MEDIA bigs urlLink Tom Freston , Lenny Lauren , urlLink David Granger , urlLink Joe Perello , urlLink Steven Rubenstein , urlLink Charlie Walk and urlLink George Wayne were among the guests at a party at Vela hosted by Jason Binn to toast Advertising Age editor urlLink Scott Donaton for his " urlLink Madison & Vine : Why the Entertainment and Advertising Industries Must Converge to Survive." The book includes interviews with the likes of urlLink Les Moonves , urlLink Jimmy Iovine and urlLink Miles Copeland and carries cover endorsements from urlLink Harvey Weinstein , urlLink Mark Burnett , urlLink Kurt Andersen and urlLink Donny Deutsch ." urlLink The Corsair has noted this emerging trend in the magazine industry. Out : urlLink Krumping . In urlLink tommorrow's New York Times Arts and Leisure section , Valerie Gladstone and Madonna's choreographer Jamie King chat urbanely about the urban dance phenomenon that has, by virtue of this very discussion, jumped the shark: " Valerie Gladstone : What's urlLink the krump ? Jamie King : Madonna likes me to bring her the newest thing. The krump is very in-your-face, very angry and confrontational, with the arms spread wide in a threatening manner. My dancers told me about it. It looks like you're fighting. It's a way for kids in tough neighborhoods to express their aggression, without really fighting. That's what she and I like about it." In : urlLink The new expose of the Bush Administration (how many are there?). The Guardian writes: "A senior US intelligence official is about to publish a bitter condemnation of America's counter-terrorism policy, arguing that the west is losing the war against al-Qaida and that an "avaricious, premeditated, unprovoked" war in Iraq has played into Osama bin Laden's hands. Imperial Hubris: Why the West is Losing the War on Terror, due out next month, dismisses two of the most frequent boasts of the Bush administration: that Bin Laden and al-Qaida are "on the run" and that the Iraq invasion has made America safer. "In an interview with the Guardian the official, who writes as 'Anonymous', described al-Qaida as a much more proficient and focused organisation than it was in 2001, and predicted that it would "inevitably" acquire weapons of mass destruction and try to use them. "He said Bin Laden was probably 'comfortable' commanding his organisation from the mountainous tribal lands along the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan." Fuck. Out :This juicy little blind item from the urlLink LA.com blog (via Popbitch): "Blind items are the new black! Sandwiched among salacious gossip about Brits we've never heard of, Popbitch proffered this great blind item: "Which TV and film actor didn't stay lonely when his actress wife went off to New York to film? The actor wiled away most of his time at the local Starbucks in Malibu and when the coffee shop wasn't open, took the 18 year-old waitress back to his place for "coffee". "The headline was 'The Truth is Out There,' a hint so obvious that even those crybabies who complain in the comments section about perplexing LA.COMfidentail blind items will figure it out. Here's another hint: if this is the guy we're thinking of, he was a well known lothario before tying the knot." That's so easy, I'm not even going to Duchovny it with an answer ... oops! My bad. In : Is Drew Barrymore getting married to Fabrizio Moretti of The Strokes'? That's what that significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine says : "It was an emotional roller coaster for Drew Barrymore last week. First, the two-time "Angel" visited her ailing father, John Drew Barrymore, 50, at a Santa Monica Alzheimer's care center on Monday, June 7. It must have been a painful visit, because she left in tears. Thankfully her boyfriend of two years, Fabrizio Moretti , of the hot band The Strokes, was at her side. "The tears soon turned to tears of joy when the lovebirds were spotted gushing over engagement rings at Cartier jewelers on Rodeo Drive in L.A. just two days later. On June 10, the newly-svelte Barrymore, 29, and Moretti, 24, were seen holding hands and being very touchy-feely in the store." Hmmm. And, finally, also In : urlLink Congratulations to Defamer.com for their first scoop, a doozy: "We hear from a well-placed operative within MGM that Sony's rumored $5 billion purchase of the movie studio is a done deal. The news should be announced early next week. In the meantime, we can get back to our favorite pasttime: watching media conglomerates swallow up pieces of Hollywood in pursuit of the ever-elusive 'shitergy.'" Way to go, guys.

 Magazine Editors: Hot or Not urlLink Mediabistro's magazine editor hot or not contest is over, and some interesting observations came out of the 8,000 or so insider votes: "Some voters did get the point. '(Cargo's Ariel Foxman) is younger and hotter than urlLink Jann (Wenner), but Jann could do much more for a rising editor's career,' wrote a respondent in the gay-man category, with exactly the sort of opportunism we were seeking. 'None of the guys appeal to me, but urlLink Graydon Carter could advance my career the most,' wrote a similarly strategic thinker, this time in the straight-man field. 'Maybe I could get my screenplay produced,' snarked another Carter voter." The Corsair crumples a c-note and throws it on the dresser of Mediabistro.com. urlLink Gawker comments : "Evidently Harper's in-house email from the PR office for local crazy-man Lewis Lapham was unsuccessful (don't lie, kids, we saw the email), as Men's Health's urlLink David Zinczenko pounded Lewis and the other straight men." Finally: "All that out of the way, congratulations to the four winners of mediabistro.com's first Magazine Editor Hot-or-Not competitions: Spin's urlLink Sia Michel , who won a majority of votes in the woman category; Men's Health's Dave Zinczenko , whose pretty-boy rep was well underlined by his trouncing of his straight-man competitors; Rolling Stone's Jann Wenner , who at press time held a slim, 20-odd-vote lead over Cargo's Ariel Foxman (big surprise: the most action was among the gay men); and, finally, Playboy's Hugh Hefner , who won the legends race butsomewhat surprisingly, given his repwasn't too far ahead of Vogue's urlLink Diana Vreeland , who's been dead for 15 years."

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink The Howard Stern-Page Six-Lloyd Grove Imbroglio . In : urlLink Allegra Beck . urlLink This from the New York Times : "At the end of this month, on her 18th birthday, urlLink Allegra Beck will come into control of her 50 percent of the privately held Versace firm; her mother owns 20 percent and Santo, 30 percent. The family's holdings include the fashion business, which had sales last year of $486 million, as well as a villa on Lake Como and a town house in New York. The family has sold the Miami Beach house. "Though her name is as prominent as a Hilton, Ms. Beck isn't a typical heiress. This is in part because of what she has endured and in part because her father, Paul Beck, and her mother, who are separated, have shielded her from the news media. She attends a private school in Milan and is often present at her mother's runway shows. But, while Ms. Beck will soon be free to exert control over one of the most famous labels in fashion, she plans to enroll this fall in an American university to study drama and business." The Corsair would like to take this opportunity to formally extend to Allegra Beck a full scholarship to the Ron Mwangaguhunga School of Drama and Business , registration guaranteed upon turning 18. Call me ? For those of you who yahood in for "Allegra Beck", check out my latest blog posts urlLink here . Out : Paul McCartney , birthday boy. urlLink According to Jeanette Walls : "Crew members on the set of the singers concert are up in arms because the staunch vegetarian has banned the eating of meat by anyone working on the tour. "'Its completely crazy,' one worker in Oslo, Norway, where the former Beatle is performing tonight, told the paper Aftenposten, according to our translator." I suppose he won't be hanging with urlLink carnivores Jay Z and Beyonce anytime soon? Out : Johnny Depp's panties . (2nd story down) urlLink According to Liz Smith , David Beckham apparently snagged them: "So here's the latest Beckham rumor. He wants to channel Johnny Depp. He thinks the actor is just terrific. When Johnny's underpants sold for more than $3,000 at a recent charity auction in London, it is said that Beckham was the purchaser. A 'close celebrity pal' of David and Victoria Beckham insists, 'He's had the underwear framed, and hanging in their bedroom.'" Can I even muster the amount of snark that this little chestnut deserves? No. Upon consideration it appears that I can't. Since brevity is the soul of wit, I'll just move right along to the next item. In : urlLink Oprah Winfrey . I've been hard on the Ope in the past, but making Anna Karenina a part of her book club is a noble idea. For just a moment, at least, people who would be fearful to approach Great Works -- okay, Middle aged housewives -- will be exposed to Tolstoy. urlLink Way to go, Ope . Out : New York is, at least for Steve Garbarino who is headed to LA, according to urlLink the scoopsters at Fashionweekdaily : "Vanity Fair contributing editor Steve Garbarino is leaving Manhattan and moving to L.A. to work on his HBO pilot 'Freak Beat,' which is on track to fill the void left by 'Sex and the City,' we hear. The show is loosely based on Garbarinos own life covering off-beat subjects like the Hells Angels and oddball 'Heavens Gate' director Michael Cimino for VF. At least until the channel gives the green light for the full series, Garbarino will continue to write for VF and The New York Times Magazine. Meanwhile his name has been floated as a possible candidate for the editorial directors job at Playboy." In : urlLink Director Noel Baumbach . I saw Kicking and Screaming last night and loved it all over again. I'd love to shake Noah Baumbach's hand. Anyone know when his next movies out? I'm so there.

 Christina Applegate Interview Playboy , July 2004 (The one with urlLink La Femme Nikita Nekkid ) Playboy : How competitive was the child acting world back in the 1980s? Christina Applegate : Unbelieveably. Everything was kid-dominated. It was the era of urlLink Silver Spoons , urlLink Family Ties , urlLink Charles in Charge . Every girl my age had long, blonde hair, and we'd curl it for our auditions. It was really important to get on a show, get on a show, get on a show. I used to pray, 'Oh God, I just want to be on a sitcom. I really, really do.' Playboy : Describe the financial security that comes from starring on a popular sitcom for 11 seasons? Applegate : Not so secure, honestly. Fox didn't give us residuals. When it came time to negotiate for syndication pay, urlLink Fox claimed it really wasn't a network . So we didn't get what we would have if we were on Family Ties or one of those other shows. Those people can live off their residuals the rest of their lives. I think about it every once in a while and get a little pissed off, but we were stupid to accept it. urlLink Married with Children is showing five times a day on three different networks in almost every country in the world, and the checks I get are hysterical, literally for 75 cents.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Naomi Campbell's left breast , which, as it happens, just urlLink slipped out of her Rosa Cha swimsuit top (Ka- Pow !) the other day. That doesn't make her a bad person . The Corsair says: God bless her mocha colored dirty pillows. Here's how urlLink The Sun described the saucy milk chocolatey confection: "FOR someone who claims her privacy is important to her, Naomi Campbell has a funny way of showing it. "The supermodel wore a teeny-weeny bikini at a fashion show in Brazil so it was no surprise when her left boob popped out." Now, if only she was urlLink carrying a pint of lager . For Naomi, a stout bock , which, on occasion, by the by, the ladies have said of me (Ka-Pow!). Out : urlLink Jean Paul Gaultier . I'll let Reuters tell it like it is: "Slices of fresh bread overlap to form the cascading train of an evening gown. Baguettes sprout like a skirt from a wicker basket in the shape of a corset, where two brioches perch like women's breasts. "The mouth-watering creations are just two of the outfits in the exhibition 'Pain Couture by Jean-Paul Gaultier,' in which the irreverent French designer has conjured a surrealist wardrobe made entirely from bread." Now , we all know the old canard that "artists" who can't do shock, (cough, cough, urlLink Madonna cough, cough) but what is it about the French and these urlLink silly experiments ? Can someone tell me why the French aesthetic tastes have to be so goddmaned wierd? ( Ed. Note : urlLink This Grappa wine hangover has made me strangely conservative, quite curmudgeonly even, this afternoon, so if you like your Corsair more liberal, urlLink check me out here . Do not go any further. Danger, Will Robinson.I am in the throes of a urlLink fierce Grappa hangover ) If someone tried this stunt in America, they would either get short shrift on the Food Network, or be dashed off to an underfunded institution for the mentally deranged. Croissant corsets, my word! ( The Corsair affects the tone of Victorian gentleman) Damned cheek, this Gaultier fellow, a rummy pom, whot! And yet, in France, this is considered charming, witty even : "Through trial and error, the team succeeded in producing technical marvels such as a solid bread kilt and a swinging short dress consisting of rows of wafer-thin biscuits." What-the-fuck?! In : urlLink Monica Meadows , the model who got shot in the NYC subway a few weeks ago. urlLink According to the Enquirer , because enquiring minds want to know: "The aspiring actress -- whose biggest claim to fame was a bit part on TV's 'Law & Order: Criminal Intent' -- is now solidly on the celebrity fast track after being shot and wounded on a crowded urlLink NYC subway . "... in the three days following the June 1 shooting, 23-year-old Monica received more offers to appear in the theater and on TV than in the entire 18 months since leaving Colorado to audition as just another unknown wanna-be in the Big Apple! "'It's been overwhelming,' said the 5-foot-10 brunette beauty, showing off the gauze dressing covering the hole from the small-caliber bullet that tore through her left upper chest." Out : There is something rather subservient and "daddy worshipping" about this particular brand of paleoconservatism (TM) that urlLink Pat Buchanan and urlLink Peggy Noonan whore out, especially Noonan . Check out urlLink her piece on Reagan's funeral (link via urlLink Wonkette ): "The sun was strong, like a presence. It bathed the women in glow. One was standing straight, with discipline. Her beige bouffant was brilliant in the sun. I approached, and she turned. It was urlLink Margaret Thatcher . It was like walking into a room at FDR's funeral and seeing Churchill. "The cortege was coming toward the steps. We looked out the window: a perfect tableaux of ceremonial excellence from every branch of the armed forces. Mrs. Thatcher watched. She turned and said to me, 'This is the thing, you see, you must stay militarily strong, with an undeniable strength. The importance of this cannot be exaggerated.' "To my son, whose 17th birthday was the next day, she said, 'And what do you study?' He tells her he loves history and literature. 'Mathematics,' she says. He nods, wondering, I think, if she had heard him correctly. She had. She was giving him advice. 'In the world of the future it will be mathematics that we need--the hard, specific knowledge of mathematical formulae, you see.' My son nodded: 'Yes, ma'am.' Later I squeezed his arm. 'Take notes,' I said. This is history." This is bullshit , quite frankly: and I'll tell you why ( Ed. Note . I am hung over, so very hung over, so if you are not into "rant mode from blogger with headache" be well advised skip over to another entry, urlLink like this ). Noonan's prose is suffused with so much Daddy worship, so much urlLink nostalgia for the days of yore , urlLink the bare ruined choirs of the Catholic Church , that she sounds like bad urlLink Waugh .At any goddamned moment one expects urlLink Lord Sebastian Flyte to crash the fucking procedings with his teddy bear urlLink Aloysius in tow and some top drawer Moroccan brandy. I can respect the urlLink conservative search for wisdom . I truly do. Liberals just cannot wrap their minds around the fact that public schools are a joke, and that if anyone learns from them, anything of value beyond "aqua cetiline welding" or "woodwork," it is probably by accident. Public schools exist to train the next generation of servants. And the teachers unions are out mostly for pay raises. And any political dialogue on the subject usually degenerates into chat of "repairing buildings" or putting "cops in schools." Sweet . Liberals are allergic to any question of curriculum because they do not believe in any absolute truths, except, touchingly, a nebulous concept of "love." urlLink Conservatives have strong curriculum proposals . But, of course, when this search for wisdom degenerates, disintegrates, you get urlLink gasbags and moral scolds , who are more visible on the media landscape than the urlLink virtuous conservative . I also respect the liberal search for urlLink sophistication . Visit the Upper West Side, the world capitol of liberalism and you can see -- especially in summer -- how beautiful it is to be liberal. There are ethnic restaurants everywhere (as opposed to the frosty Upper East Side, where ethnic diversity is limited to ethnic servants going in the service entrances), lots of kids, lots of dogs, and a sort of air of Buddhist detatchment and accepting vibe luxuriates in liberal towns, like, say Northampton, Massachusetts. urlLink There is no ultimate truth , just surf reality with improvisation and love. And travel to strange and mysterious cultures and partake of their particular "realities". Naive , yes, but pretty, and, of course, urlLink sophisticated . Liberals are urlLink far more sophisticated than urlLink conservatives . In my life I try to take the good from both sides of the political spectrum and call each on on their bullshit ... when I'm not blogging about trite celebrity gossip, that is. But Peggy Noonan represents a paleoconservatism that I do not respect. All this talk of "Military supremacy," "hard specific knowledge," "mathematical formulae," "undeniable strength," "ceremonial excellence" and, of course, the favorite word of urlLink Brylcreemed paleoconservatives , the all-purpose "history," as in -- "if history teaches us anything [insert inane and unlearned point in here concerning "power" and "force"]"

 An Analysis of Larry King's Trash Should we be paying rapt attention to urlLink Page Six's revelation that Larry King wears absorbent undergarments? urlLink Depends. But, Seriously , folks ( urlLink cocks eyebrows and flicks cigar ), look at this man's trash : clearly, he drinks a wide range of beverages (like me, and yet, so not like me), dare we say it -- a superhuman amount: the coffee, the cardboard "juice boxes", the odd Perrier and Coke, all of these make the measure of the man. With all that liquid sloshing about his CN-iNnards, who wouldn't need, on occasion, just a little bit of back me up . A little something-something to make sure excess spillage doesn't rear itself moistly down his corduroy's while he're throwing softballs at the latest "It" urlLink octogenarian ( The Corsair softly chuckles) This all must be a strain for Larry King's urlLink little sweetie, Shawn . I mean, how will she handle the rude jokes whispered in the corridors at urlLink Sally Quinn's Washingtonian power dinner parties ? urlLink Depends.

 Janice Min: The Best Week Ever The swell guys at urlLink Fashionweekdaily , one of my other gigs, have a juicy scoop. Saucy even: "Last weeks issue of Us Weekly , the one that took you 'Inside J.Los Wedding,' sold about 1 million copies on the newsstand and is rumored to have delivered editor in chief urlLink Janice Min a hefty five-figure bonus. An insider tells The Daily that Mins editorial contract included a bonus clause that could deliver her Hollywood style money for superb sales figures. '[The bonus] will certainly be enough to put her new baby through college,' the insider jokes." And, to top things off, urlLink Min had a baby the same week. What a week, congratulations Janice, now repeat after me: "Bonnie who"? urlLink Leeny Kravitz, Gap model ?

 Blind Items urlLink LA.com's blog has this one: "I was recently invited, through a friend, to one barely legal starlets party at the Hollywood Hills ranch rented for her by her current film's production office. As the party filled with handsome young stars, I went looking for the bathroom (too many margaritas!) and when I saw a long queue, I went to find another one. What I found instead was the movie stars office/storage room, where there was a large framed photo of her ex-boyfriend and his new brunette girlfriend having sex on Malibus El Matador Beach. The photo looked like it was taken paparazzi-style, from behind one of the beachs giant rock formations in the sand, but it was blown up and expertly framed. When I asked one of the starlets stylists if she knew anything about the porn photo, she said that the actress 'likes to watch' and that she gets really turned on by thinking about her current boy getting it on with other women (and boys) in front of her. In this case, it appears that the actress shot the photo herself, post-breakup." I have no idea. Keira Knightley and her ex-Jamie Dornan? Any other guesses? urlLink Page Six has: "WHICH basketball legend didn't limit his activities to golf on a recent trip to Myrtle Beach, S.C.? He spent some quality time with a pretty little Asian girl who works for a timeshare resort." Well, I'm guessing either Michael Jordan or urlLink Charles Oakley as both was there at the end of May (the Memorial Day weekend), playing holes at Barefoot's Dye Club and the Norman and Love courses. Playing holes and playing ho's. urlLink Jordan is legendary at that.

 Mr. Belvedere Sat on His Balls "One of my favorite (Adam) Sandler stories was the one he told us about the time that urlLink Mr. Belvedere sat on his own balls. "Adam had a small part on the show urlLink Mr. Belvedere early in his career. On his first day, everyone was sitting at a huge table waiting to start the reading of that week's show. The old guy who played Mr. Belvedere hadn't shown up yet, so everyone was drinking coffee and talking until he arrived. Finally, Mr. Belvedere walked in ... in a sweatsuit and a matching monogrammed attache case. When the old guy took his seat he sang out 'Good morning everybody!' ... As he took a load off, he apparently sat on one of his own testicles. With his nut scrunched under his leg he screamed, 'Oooohhhhh!' and had to be carried out on a stretcher." urlLink Jay Mohr, Grasping for Airtime The Corsair highly recommends this book for comedy writers. Plus: check out urlLink one of my other gigs .

 A Little of The Old In and Out In : An ethics code for Vanity Fair . Oh, so very in. According to urlLink Medialifemagazine : "A month after the urlLink Los Angeles Times and New York Times reported that Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter received a $100,000 finders fee for encouraging producers to read 'A Beautiful Mind'which they then turned into an Academy Award-winning filmpublisher Cond Nast has implemented a urlLink code of conduct . The 16-page code, entitled 'What Governs Us,' reads, 'The integrity of Cond Nast and its employees depends greatly on avoiding conflicts of interest or appearances of such in editorial and business conduct.' Cond Nast hasnt publicly reprimanded Carter, but the launch of this new code, so soon after the controversy, gives the impression of doing so. But according to the Los Angeles Times, Carter is still pursuing ethically nebulous deals. The newspaper says he's been negotiating with frequent Vanity Fair advertiser American Express Co. to fund a documentary on the life of his writer friend urlLink Fran Lebowitz ." An ethics code, what a capital idea. May I suggest one? Letting years go by urlLink without placing an African-American on the cover -- because we all know the entertainment industry, sports, film, those sort of fields (averted gaze), lack people of color (small closing cough of feigned detachment) -- is not ethical . Out : urlLink An infestation of the B-Listers . They are urlLink everywhere . Prancing up and down the red carpet, doing wacky things, flashing the camera, trying to offset the fundamental fact that they have no talent. Mostly, this class of people ( The Corsair puts on his ethnobiologist hat) -- are famous for video-taped sex and other inappropriate hijinx and shenanegans . What is it about the heat that brings out urlLink the B's ? ( The Corsair gets philosophical as he strolls across the digital landscape) Is it all the pollen in the air? B-List parties and B-List boldface names are the new black. Who would you rather read about: Nicole Ritchie or urlLink Tom Hanks ? Uh huh ... me too , baby pop. In : urlLink This picture of Kate Moss , walking down the street with a pint of lager is driving me crazy. The sheerness of that dress is outrageous. Can she not fathom her incredible hotness and the disturbing effect it has on bloggers like me? And that frosty lager -- an adult beverage, to be sure. ( The Corsair moistens his lips) Teasing with thy frosty head. Flaxen-hued yummy drink. ( The Corsair gives "humid" looks to the lager) Honestly: I don't know if it's the lager or the revealing character of the dress that turns me on more, driving me to distraction. Okay , so the lager turns me on more, but that doesn't make me a bad person , just: alco-sexual. A lifestyle choice, to be sure . Out : It aint easy being Pink . Check out this urlLink "rainbow connection." Is it just me that finds this amusee ? Okay. Just me. Whatever (Averted Gaze). In : Is Jennifer Aniston knocked up ?! Okay (quieter), that was urlLink louche of me. Unpardonable. What I meant to say is: Is Mrs. Pitt in "a family way"? There, you see, more bourgois, presto . I can be "corporate." I can sell my soul for the right amount of cash and a Lincoln Town Car and an expense account ... call me Saturday Night Live writing staff ... call-me ? Anyhoo : urlLink The Sun puts the latest celebrity impregantion more delicately than I : "ITS the biggest game of 'Is she or isnt she?' in town. "Just days after her FRIENDS co-star COURTENEY COX gave birth, rumours are rife that JENNIFER ANISTON is now pregnant. "After months of saying she is ready to start a family, Jennifer is believed to be expecting her first child with the divine BRAD PITT. "A source revealed: 'This is something both Brad and Jennifer want. Expect an announcement later this month.' "Jennifers spokesman said: 'I keep hearing that rumour' but has so far refused to confirm or deny it." All these celebrities humping . It's got to be the heat. Out : Tucker Carlson , urlLink bragging about his tv show , on PBS at -- snicker, get this -- 10 :30 pm on a Friday Night : "... Carlson, whose talk show, urlLink 'Tucker Carlson: Unfiltered' premieres Friday night (WNET/13 at 10:30 p.m.) and is suddenly - unwittingly, to hear Carlson - in the vanguard of new right-wing talk shows about to invade - er, enter - PBS' rarified realm. "'Let me say right off the bat,' says Carlson, right off the bat, 'that I know so little about the back story' of why 'Unfiltered' has arrived at PBS. 'I'm doubtless certain there is one, but it's never been explained to me [and] I'm still confused by how the whole works - the stations, PBS, the Congress. The whole thing is all confusing to me.'" We so won't be there for you , Tucker: So. Not . There. In : According to urlLink Indiewire , Napoleon Dynamite : "Fox Searchlight's urlLink 'Napoleon Dynamite' proved its box office bang, opening in limited runs in the U.S. and topping the iW BOT as ranked by screen average. The film unseated 'Control Room,' which dominated the chart for three weeks." Out : Trophy wife and airhead Stephanie Seymour will "keep it in the family," (wink, wink) according to urlLink Fashionweekdaily : "At last nights grand opening of the new Bumble & Bumble salon, Stephanie Seymour revealed to The Daily that she will be a contributing jewelry editor for Interview magazine. The 35-year-old former supermodel is married to Brant Publications, Inc. chairman Peter Brant, whose company owns the 35-year-old magazine, which is known for its candid conversations between pop icons of today and tomorrow. Seymour will be working on two upcoming jewelry spreads for the September issue. She was inspired by her feature story in Vogues January 2004 issue, where she played fashion editor with Vogue European editor at large Hamish Bowles as he reviewed the spring 2004 collections in New York. 'Im so thrilled to be doing this,' Seymour gushed. 'Fashions great, but Ive always loved jewelry.'" Which might explain what she found attractive about that bloated hilbilly Axl Rose -- urlLink because of all the the shiners he gave her . Ka-Pow! Not PC, to be sure, but fu-nee , if you go in for that sort of thing. Out : Minnie Driver, folk singer. urlLink According to The Cincinatti Enquirer : "Rounder Records has signed Oscar-nominated actress Minnie Driver to a recording contract. "Her album, Everything I've Got in My Pocket, will be released on the label's rock/pop imprint, Zoe Records, in September, the Cambridge, Mass.-based company said this week. "She will be backed by a group that includes members of the Wallflowers and Pete Yorn's band. The album is described as 'sparse, atmospheric pop and a hint of contemporary folk.'" urlLink I'm so not going to have this CD in my pocket , I can tell you that. Good Will Singing, my ass.

 Blind Item urlLink LA.com's blog has this intriguing blind item: "The Self-Destructive Stud "Depending on how hip your household is, he may or may not be a household name. But this moviemaking wild child is credited with some very high-profile movies, some of them memorably good, some memorably bad. With a simple cell phone call, he can land a meeting with practically any big noise in town. He can even land a girlfriend now and then, although he much prefers ordering out exotic dishes from escort services (and not exclusively from the high-dollar agencies either, if you catch Dollys way-way-south-of-Western-Avenue drift). The real lowdown on this guy is that he is majorly addicted to self-destructive and risky behavior, whether its rough and raunchy sex, driving one of his zillion dollar sports cars like a bat out of hell while soaring on various illegal substances, or cutting and burning himself deliberately in all sorts of tender places. No wonder he tends to wear long sleeves to all those high powered meetings, no matter how scorching the temperature." urlLink Any guesses ?

 Campaign 2004 Round Up Senator John Kerry , who has urlLink raised over $100 million in three months, may be spending too much time urlLink in search of Mammon . Wearing his energies thin. Keeping his eye off the prize. I can understand, however, the almost fanatic desire for the Democrats to pimp out their asses for scrilla, as Al Gore , when the sitting Vice President, urlLink ran out in the last days of campaign 2000, ran out of paper . Even Vice Presidents can fall flat when faced with an opponent who pimps out hard for the corporate cheddar. But the search for the almighty dollar is actually hurting the sharpness of Kerry's campaign. Bush has the bully pulpit, he doesn't need to chase the corporate dollar -- they come to him . All he needs to do is lead -- give America a sense of security in this dangerous age. Granted , sharpness is not something that comes to mind when discussing the Kerry campaign's unfocused, lackluster trajectory of late. He won Iowa because he seemed stable, safe, a good provider with urlLink an impressive head of hair . And after Iowa, New Hampshire followed, and, after that the deluge. My own candidate, John Edwards never had a chance. Note to Kerry: you need to light a fire under your ass: you only get one shot at this. The polarization of the House continues apace on the campaign landscape. Every day another hallowed tradition of bipartisan cooperation is raped, lost forever, making us a meaner nation. Today, the urlLink New York Times notes , "(a) seven-year-old unofficial truce discouraging House members from filing ethics complaints against one another disintegrated Tuesday when a freshman Democrat accused one of the most powerful members of Congress, the House majority leader, Tom DeLay, of 'bribery, extortion, fraud, money laundering and the abuse of power.'" The Corsair picks up a glass of urlLink 20 year old champagne with flavors of roasted nuts and caramel, sips, silently pronounces it good, and then continues from The Times: "The Democrat, urlLink Representative Chris Bell of Texas, who is leaving Congress because he lost a primary election, filed a 187-page complaint against Mr. DeLay, also of Texas, with the House ethics committee. The complaint accuses the majority leader of illegally soliciting campaign contributions, laundering campaign contributions to influence state legislative races and improperly using his office to influence federal agencies." Of course , Bell lost the election because of DeLay's hardball redistricting of Texas, so personal bitterness plays a major role here beyond the intense polarization of both houses of Congress. urlLink The Hill notes that the partisan fighting is now intramural, with conservative Republicans fighting against the Centrists: "More than 20 House conservatives met recently at the Hunan Dynasty on Capitol Hill to discuss how to put some conservative backbone into the Senate, among other political and legislative priorities. Many of them believe that Republican centrists in the Senate are as much to blame as Democrats for their policy frustrations." So, if there is any summing up of the campign season it has to be the word: chaos . Pandemonium on the world stage and internally in our own affairs. urlLink How prescient Daniel Patrick Moynihan was , in retrospect. Ambivalence among Democrats for their guy, their "good provider," (why does this seem more and more like a bad marriage, Midwest --er, Iowa-style) with the desire to fire the current Administration capturing more passion than the presumptive leader. And, among members of the House, the erosion of tradition and courtesy, hallmarks of the conservative worldview. And within the Republicans, a struggle between the right and center, and, to a lesser degree, but significantly, within the Democratic Party, the struggle between the Naderites -- who are getting quite the boost from Kerry's Gorean lack of charisma and crisp sharpness of message -- against the Bush-Must-Go-At-All-Costs Air America wing of the party. Pandaemonium is right, Mr. Moynihan.

 Wonkette on On The Media Ana Marie Cox appeared on urlLink NPR's On The Media , and hit one out into the rafters: " Bob Garfield : Now, I think what put Wonkette on the map was its link to urlLink Jessica Cutler's weblog . Would you just please tell me about this episode and urlLink how you discovered her , and then urlLink what happened next . "ANA MARIE COX: Someone just sent me a link to her blog, which was called urlLink The Washingtonienne . It only had been a going concern for about a month maybe, maybe three weeks. And it was a very brightly written diary of her sex life -- her very graphic and somewhat risky sex life. "BOB GARFIELD: And occasionally remunerative-- "ANA MARIE COX: Yes, occasionally -- after all this happened, she was always very careful to say, like it's not like people paid her for sex, but they were having sex and they were giving her money. Maybe it was just a coincidence. [LAUGHTER]"

 A Little of the Old In and Out I actually made my work deadlines a little early -- a first, so -- as the deeply misunderstood urlLink Alex from A Clockwork Orange might say , hows about "a little of the old In and Out"? In : I love the smell of a rapper gone buck wild; it smells of ... shenanegans . According to urlLink Page Six , 50 Cent showed that he's like school on Saturday ... (altogether now, dear readers) ... no class : "... 50 spotted former friend Bang 'Em Smurf , who was seated in the front row, and threw a wad of cash in his face in response to Smurf's claim that 50 owes him $150,000. Police in riot gear broke up the resulting scrum between 50 Cent's posse, G-Unit and Smurf's crew." Aw, Fitty, urlLink smurf's are only three apple's high. urlLink That's not right . Out : urlLink Tootsie Heinz Kerry . As her son, Chris Heinz , the most eligible bachelor in America, plays hide the katsup with urlLink Helen of "Troy" ( urlLink note to ladies : "Chris Heinz is hosting a fashion friendly fund-raiser for his stepdad John Kerry July 12 on the Hotel Gansevoort's rooftop"), his mother, Theresa, is taking some hits. Par for the course, I suppose. In : More rappers and their shenanegans, we can't get enough. We'll file this one under: DMX and the Case of the High End Urban Doggiewear . Rapper DMX is in the dog house over a breach of contract with -- get this -- a (makes quotation marks with his fingers into thin air) "high end urban dog wear company." ( The Corsair chuckles softly) urlLink According to the Miami Herald : " Michael Rovell , lawyer for Amusing Diversions , said the company signed DMX last June and paid him $15,000 to help sell leather jackets, bubble jackets with fur trim, sports jerseys and other high-end 'urban' dog wear." DMX got the gig because he had recorded some well known "doggie awareness" spots. Little did the folks at Amusing Diversions know that DMX had made the spots not out of the kindness and compassion of his heart -- nooo: "DMX pleaded guilty to ... cruelty charges in 2002 after officials found 14 pit bulls living in filthy conditions at his New Jersey home. He was fined and ordered to do the ads." Let me guess: urlLink the 15 large has already been spent ? Out : The Waterboy: Adam Sandler Wipes Out. Water boy Adam Sandler, according to that significant cultural artifact the urlLink National Enquirer , "was the one in stitches after a surfing accident in Hawaii sent him to the hospital with his head split open." Ouch! "'Adam had a major wipeout on the first big wave he tried to catch, smashing his head on his board,' said a friend. Sandler had been working on his latest film, Spanglish, for the last four months when he decided to fly off to Hawaii for a vacation. "'You could hear the thud when the board connected with his skull. His head cracked open and blood spurted into the water. Luckily for all involved that said skull was filled with only hot air. Kidding! urlLink Anyhoo : Fifteen gnarly stitches later, Sandler was up and out of the hospital, but couldn't go in the water for the rest of the trip. Totally urlLink Barney . In : And speaking of pickleheads, Keanu Reeves is a bit of a hero today. According to that significant cultural artifact the urlLink National Enquirer , Keanu Reeves was in a drive by, but kept a level head: "Whoa! Gunfire ripped through a neighborhood grocery in the early morning hours, shattering windows as people screamed -- and shopper Keanu Reeves reacted like it was a live-ammo version of 'The Matrix'! The action star hit the deck, yelling at panicked customers: 'GET DOWN!' Everyone stayed plastered to the floor . . . and the gunshots finally subsided." Why didn't he take urlLink the blue pill ? Out : Tom Delay , according to urlLink TheHill.com : "Retiring Rep. Chris Bell (D-Texas) is planning to file an ethics complaint today against House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-Texas), who spearheaded a redrawing of the Texas congressional map that cost the first-term lawmaker his seat. "The complaint is only the third filed against a House lawmaker since party leaders rewrote the chambers rules in 1997 to prohibit outside groups from filing complaints with the ethics panel, known formally as the House Standards of Official Conduct Committee. "The new complaint follows a month of concerted activity by a self-described ethics coalition, a network of mostly left-leaning good-government groups that has tried to spur lawmakers to pursue more vigorously allegations of wrongdoing by their colleagues." And, always in : urlLink Michael Musto , who is the Gothamist interview today. "Gothamist: Do you feel television gives us the most out of Musto? "(Metro TV), actually, gave me a really good venue, whenever I could get a word in. The Gossip Show on E! was also a great forum because we got to write our own items and perform them with some flair. But when you do talking head appearances for cable shows, they're generally cut-and-paste jobs that only give a choppy hint at what you can do. (But they're still fun to do.) Live TV gives you a much better chance to shine. The immediacy of it is potentially terrifying, but it also forces you to walk the high wire and sometimes sparkle. My favorite live show to be on these days is Countdown with Keith Olbermann on MSNBC because he has a great, knowing tone and gives you a whole segment on which to deliver your own goods, rather than have to scream against some family values council member for two seconds. I don't even care if anyone watches." But you must read today's interview with the ultrahot Executive Producing team of urlLink Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato , who, among other things, did Trio's excellent urlLink Flops 101: Lessons From the Biz (and having urlLink Illeana Douglas narrate a documentary on failure added just the right dash of irony). Be sure to check out urlLink my new gig . We'll see how it goes.

 Jimmy Fallon Sighting urlLink The La.com blog chronicles an odd Jimmy Fallon sighting: "Jimmy Jonesing "The other day, Jimmy Fallon strolled into Elixir, the teahouse on Melrose, with a friend. He was talking about how cool it was to be on vacation in LA. Then he approached just about everyone in the near-empty place, servers and customers alike, and asked where the nearest urlLink Sav-On was to his hotel, the Chateau Marmont. And asked, and asked, and asked, over and over. What in the world did he need so badly?" Just a guess : As Fallon was a writer for Saturday Night Live, and, according to urlLink Jay Mohr's fascinating study on the culture there, most writers on the show are on anti-panic attack medication, I would say Jimmy Fallon was needing his urlLink Klonopin prescription filled right about then. Poor kid. But that's just a guess, in case any attorney's feel slap happy. Just an educated guess from an acute mind.

 What's Happening to Choire Sicha's Squirrel? We heart Choire Sicha but something strange is happening to urlLink Choire Sicha's squirrel . It is being X-ed out of existence and is vanishing at the same time. The squirrel has long been an object of fascination urlLink in the blogosphere . What does it signify? Is it an ancient work of art urlLink from a gallery ? Does it's secret origins lie in a urlLink lost civilization ? What is it? I quote Choire from his urlLink very own website : "On June 1, 2004, the squirrel that for quite some time marked this website began to die. It's nearly invisible now, as you can see, all white and see-through. Fairly soon, I will no longer be the squirrel at all. Goodbye, sad kingdom of squirreldom. Too bad, but change is on me. "Not sure what animal I'll be next, but we'll all certainly see as soon as I find out." And, we cannot fail to mention the striking similarities -- we are not implying anything here, mind you -- with urlLink Red Dragon antagonist and serial killer Francis Dollarhyde : "I am the Dragon. / And you call me insane. / You are privy to a great becoming, but you recognize nothing. / You are an ant in the afterbirth. / It is your nature to do one thing correctly. / Before me, you rightly tremble. / But, fear is not what you owe me. / You owe me awe." The Corsair trembles You do the math. And be afraid ... be very afraid .

 Bush USDA: French Fries Are Now A Vegetable urlLink According to the Bush Administration's Agriculture Department , batter dipped French Fries now count as a fresh vegetable. urlLink According to the AP : "'It's unfathomable to me that, when Congress passed this law in 1930 and used the term fresh vegetable, they ever could have conceived that large food-processing companies could have convinced USDA that a frozen battered french fry fell into that definition,' (Fleming) Elliott said. "Although Fleming Companies sold the fries to supermarkets, most are eaten in fast food restaurants, Elliott said. The coating makes the fry crunchy and adds flavor, he said."

 Kimora Simmons: "I Am A Fly Bitch" urlLink New York Magazine's Linda Evangelista look alike, the magnificent, Swan-like Phoebe Eaton does a great and, most importantly, even-handed job on the mess that is urlLink Russell and Kimora Lee Simmons . And there is so much The Corsair would like to get into about this article ( The Corsair bows his head solemnly), so so much, but this chestnut particularly strikes our fancy: "The gossip columnists sunk their canines into urlLink the incident ( Ed Note : podiatrist-to-the-stars urlLink Dr. Suzanne Levine and Kimora got into a frisson over a silent auction for naming rights to a Manolo Blahnik shoe). That scarlet Kabbalah string on Kimoras wrist, the one 'blessed by urlLink the matriarch Rachel shes long dead, like in a tomb somewhere,' had again failed to protect her." Averted gaze , followed by a small closing cough of feigned detachment: "'You urlLink gotta get tough ,' Russell told his wife. She had gone to such troublefor him!to measure up as an urban fashion icon, a woman who, in her own words, could 'inspire young women to aspire.' But to the urlLink New York tabloids , Kimora Lee Simmons is an urlLink irresistible pincushion ." If you go in for that sort of thing, which, in point of fact, urlLink I do . I truly-deeply-madly- do . "'Why is everyone worrying about what she spends?' says Russell. 'They should be worried about what Roberto Cavalli spends, too. What Ralph Lauren spends, too. How many cars does Tommy Hilfiger have, by the way?'" "'If you are successful, people want to see it,' says urlLink (Andre Leon) Talley . 'They want to share in the dream.' Especially people of struggle, as Russell Simmons tactfully calls them. Its one reason rap lyrics sometimes read like shopping lists." The Corsair particularly cringes at the clumsy use of the phrase (makes quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) "people of struggle." "Long ago, Kimora Lee realized that if she couldnt be the most popular girl in school, it might be fun to be the girl everybody talks about. 'Be happy if people are talking about you,' her father used to say. Only now shes not so sure. The self-styled Worlds Biggest Collector of Louis Vuitton is trying not to brag these days, but its hard: Theres just so much to show off. 'I am a fly bitch!' the 29-year-old says, sounding slightly exasperated." And exasperated doesn't begin to express what I feel after reading this great story. urlLink This will be the most talked about article of the week.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Margaret Cho . The urlLink High Class Cho fashion designer and urlLink comedienne spoke to Time Magazine this week about having her mike cut off at an event recently, "They were upset because I was making fun of the fact that George Bush fell off his bike. So they turned off my microphone. Then a whole band came onstage behind me and started playing Sweet Home Alabama, as if to Americanize the space. I was really insulted because I love Skynyrd." Out : urlLink Bijou Phillips . Regarding the original rich girl gone wild, urlLink Page Six writes , "In Phillips' hellcat heyday, she gained fame as an underage nightclub fixture, heroin addict, Calvin Klein model and Interview magazine cover girl. Phillips had a violent streak back then, too she stabbed a friend in the leg one Valentine's Day and severed another pal's fingertip with a cigar cutter. She once shoved a certain socialite to the ground at Spy nightclub the injured heiress had to be rushed to the hospital and received stitches to her skull." The Sixers continue with a quote from Director James Toback , "who cast Phillips in urlLink 'Black and White,' may have summed it up best when he opined that she 'has no line between her unconscious and her articulation of it.'" In : urlLink Halle Berry and that orange bikini . You know the one of which The Corsair speaks. urlLink According to Ananova via TeenHollywood : "Halle Berry says she still uses the bikini she wore in the last Bond movie - to make sure she hasn't put on too much weight. "Echoing urlLink Ursula Andress in Dr No , Berry famously emerged from the sea wearing the orange bikini in Die Another Day. The Corsair will refrain -- just barely -- from publicly asking for said undergarments on the grounds that I might freak out some of my regular readers. Protocol , you know. Out : urlLink Wonkette blasts George Herbert Walker "Hey, urlLink break me off a piece of that Reagan gloss" Bush's parachute jump -- which is definitely and desperately out , what, with pony boy studlet urlLink Brit Hume , in tow, tagging along like a puppy in search of a dog yummy from his master. Jump, Brit, jump -- good boy . Out : Adam Sandler . Ka-pow! Sandler, according to that significant cultural artifact the urlLink National Enquirer -- because Enquiring minds want to know -- "was the one in stitches after a surfing accident in Hawaii sent him to the hospital with his head split open." Ouch! "'Adam had a major wipeout on the first big wave he tried to catch, smashing his head on his board,' said a friend. Sandler had been working on his latest film, urlLink Spanglish , for the last four months when he decided to fly off to Hawaii for a vacation. "Minutes after the 'Big Daddy' star and his wife Jackie checked into Honolulu's Kahala Mandarin Oriental, he grabbed his surf instructor and headed for the waves. "'Adam is becoming a better surfer all the time, but he is still a novice,' said the friend. 'He tried to catch a monster wave that came in. He lost his balance, slipped off the board and had a wild wipeout! The board popped up out of the water about seven feet in the air and then came crashing down on his head. "'You could hear the thud when the board connected with his skull. His head cracked open and blood spurted into the water. Luckily said skull was filled with air. 15 stitches later, Sandler was up and out of the hospital, but couldn't go in the water for the rest of the trip. In : Blind Items of Gossip . Check out this exquisitely juicy blind item from the folks at urlLink LA.com : "Recently, I attended the exclusive Los Feliz birthday bash thrown by one desirable young actor known for dating a hot indie starlet. Hummus and fried chicken were served out in the open, but guests had to work their way to the actors top-floor Spanish-styled bedroom to find the three half-naked bimbo strippers serving lines from close to a kilo of coke. (Each line was offered to guests hungry noses on a gold-plated coke spoon.) After getting their buzz on, the guests were given all the proper cocaine accoutrements: ice-cold vodka tonics, cigarettes galore scooped from large Moroccan bowls and pads of recycled paper to write down 'brilliant thoughts.' Later, after each and every guest was flying high, a troupe of African drummers loudly entered--which scared some of the more tweaked-out guests. Soon after the young actors white-boy friends joined in the drumming, the percussion transformed from soulful rhythm to Pop Goes the Weasel, proving once and for all that a bunch of coked-up white boys certainly cant dance. Happy birthday, _____!" urlLink The comments say Heath Ledger , but Heath is not a Gemini (he's an Ares), as this person has to be as he was recently celebrating his birthday. I would have guessed Jared Leto, who is now dating urlLink Scarlett Johanssen , but he's a Sagitarius. Any other guesses? More gossip: From the urlLink superior Page Six : "WHICH magazine staffer sold out his source for $10,000? A recently married pop singer/actress was so furious when her private luncheon hit the glossies, she had one of her people contact the writer and offer him the money for his source. The writer collected the cash in a bag." Hmm . urlLink I wonder . And, finally, also In : urlLink Indiewire's excellent Eugene Hernandez notes : " urlLink Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11 , which is expected to open on between 500 and 1000 screens next week, has been rated 'R' by the Motion Picture Association of America. Yesterday, the film's distributors, Lions Gate Films and IFC Films , issued a statement saying that they are appealing the decision." An R rating might hurt ticket sales to the film.

 Julia Roberts: Cunt; Natalie Portman: 'Lil Cunt From an interview in the July 2004 urlLink Interview Magazine between Peter Sarsgaard and Natalie Portman: urlLink Peter Sarsgaard : Your character's (in urlLink Closer ) deliciously foul mouth is ... memorable. (Portman laughs) urlLink Natalie Portman : Very true. urlLink Julia Roberts plays the role of Anna, and we were laughing about the dirty words we have to say. You blush at first, and then you get pretty liberal with them. Peter : There's nothing more fun than watching someone who's not quite comfortable with it really landing a well placed "fuck." Natalie : Yeah, at the start of shooting I gave Julia a necklace that said 'Cunt' on it (laughs), then as a wrap gift she gave me one that said 'Lil Cunt.'"

 Carly Simon: Nobody Does it Better urlLink Interview Magazine July 2004 . An interview between Michael Kors and the always elegant urlLink Carly Simon , who I am now totally in love with: " Carly Simon : You know, when I was diagnosed with urlLink breast cancer in 1997 I realized I had spent too long arranging my attitude. I had a mastectomy in 1998, and then chemo. And throughout the whole process I felt much worse. So I spent the next year really depressed, coming to terms with the whole thing. My oncologist said, 'Don't speak about it for a while. Get yourself together and decide what you really want to do.' Here, I'll show you this (shows mastectomy scar) Did you see? " urlLink Michael Kors : Uh-huh. Yeah. " Carly : My scar is beautiful. It looks like an arrow. I didn't bother rubbing things into it or having any silicone injections. I just keep it that way because I liked it. " Kors : You know, I was at the meeting yesterday for the CFDA. It's the 10th Anniversary of 'Fashion Targets Breast Cancer' and we were talking about what we we're doing to commemorate it. Kenneth Cole said, 'I want to talk to Carly Simon. I don't know what we can do together, but it would be so meaningful. It's personal for her.' " Carly : You know, people want to honor me, and on the one hand, I don't want to be a poster child; but on the other I want to do something classy and great -- something where the residuals would go to the cause. I thought of having a designer make a beautiful dress with cut outs here (points to scar) and doing a picture of me wearing it. I just want to show off my scar proudly and not be afraid of it. A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars."

 Rosario Dawson: "I'm Attracted to Celebrities" urlLink WYWS Magazine did an interview with the kind of creepy looking African-American skateboarder urlLink Harold Hunter . urlLink Harold Hunter , the C-List skateboarder who hangs out at the Astor Place Cube once dated the reptilian urlLink Rosario Dawson . But, as he will soon relate in agonizing detail to an unknown skateboarding magazine, things went terribly awry. Terribly. Awry. Oh yeah, that, and urlLink Leonardo DiCaprio is girlfriend-stealing puppy boy: urlLink Harold Hunter : "( urlLink Rosario Dawson ) and I were going out and, like,she was attracted to actors and stuff like that. I remember one time, I went to a party and stuff like that, and I saw urlLink David Blaine sitting with Leonardo DiCaprio, and David was like, 'Yo, you know Leonardo's in love with Rosario Dawson.' I was like 'Yeah,' and I was like, 'Damn! He's gonna try and take my girl away, I know that.'" The Corsair groans, knowing what is going to happen next. "So we're all sitting together, drinking. So they were looking at each other and Rosario's looking at (Leonardo). And I was like 'damn, man I know somethings gonna happen.' So Rosario got up and had to use the bathroom. I was talking to David Blaine, we were drinking, you know talking. Then Leo gets up and walks away. And Rosario's gone for a long, long time." The Corsair winces in pain for Harold. "I was like 'Damn, where is this girl.' So I get up and go downstairs and urlLink she's making out with Leonardo DiCaprio ." "And that hurt my feelings, but I said, 'You know what, that's alright. In my head I said that, because if urlLink Michelle Pfeiffer were around I would kiss her too. At the end of the day, Rosario and I walked home, and she tried to kiss me and I was like 'I don't want your leftovers.' She said, 'Why?' I said 'I saw you kissing Leonardo.' ... She told me the truth, she said, urlLink 'I'm attracted to celebrities.' "

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Mick Rock of Papermag.com's extended meditation on Debbie Harry, the woman we all wanted to fuck back in the day, is brilliant: "Ignoring him I asked the lot of them, 'If you had a chance to bed down with Debbie Harry tonight would you? Not really knowing what she looks like these days, just going off the memory that's burned into your head, would you sleep with her?' You'd think we were a car full of choirboys and not skateboarders the way we sung the word, 'Yes,' in unison. Then we saw her. The curtain opened, the house lights found her and had the band not already begun playing then the entire audience would have heard the sounds of our hearts breaking. She was old. She was no longer the girl we'd fallen in love with. Her skin hung lose on her face and arms like a perfectly cooked spare rib, her mini skirt was far too short for anyone her age and the worst of it? She had panty lines! Panty lines are sexy only with sweatpants or business casual. But these weren't cute, ass-defining panty lines. She was wearing big granny panties. I wanted to cry for her. Is there anything grosser than grandma panties? I wanted to rush the stage, rip them off her, use them as a sail and sail off to some faraway land where I would never have to think of the horror I saw that night. But it was too late, the damage had been done." Out : Gary Oldman. According to urlLink Hello! Magazine , he is planning on starring in the next Star Wars film, that is, of course, if anyone actually still cares about that franchise after what George Lucas has done with it: "British actor Gary Oldman is set to carry on from his success as Harry Potter bad guy Sirius Black by taking on his most villainous role to date. The London-born star will be appearing in the new Star Wars film in the spine-chilling part of General Grievous. "The fearsome character is described as the deadliest evildoer the series has ever seen. And Gary's fellow-Brit Ewan McGregor, who plays Jedi master Obi-Wan Kenobi, will have his work cut out when he comes face-to-face with the wicked warrior. "'He's part alien and part robot,' revealed producer Rick McCallum. 'Grievous is a master strategist and the greatest hand-to-hand Jedi killer the galaxy has ever known.'" No, George Lucas is the hands down greatest Jedi Killer thr galaxy has ever known. In : Speaking about things sci-fi and "fantasy": Does Mary Jane hate Spidey ? Say it aint so ! According to urlLink the LA.com blog : "It's amazing that everyone missed one of the juiciest nuggets behind the scenes of Spider-Man 2--that Kirsten Dunst and Tobey Maguire barely spoke to each other when off camera. Studio insiders told me that the bad blood between them began during the filming of the first Spider-Man, because Maguire didn't treat Dunst very nicely. Then, when Maguire was having his oft-reported back and salary problems, Dunst lobbied hard to have him recast with her real-life main squeeze, Jake Gyllenhaal. Maybe what's needed for Spider-Man 3 is a therapist for on-camera couples." Out : Can you believe that an actress of the calibre of Kate Winslet would drop out of a Woody Allen production? Woody is the arty god of Hollywood, too smart to be mainstream, and too creepy to be Indie. Not only did Winslet commit the grave social felony of dropping out of a Woody Allen film, but a BBC funded Woody Allen flic at that, his first British movie . According to urlLink the Big News Network : "British actress Kate Winslet has pulled out of urlLink Woody Allen's new film because it would leave her too little time for her young family. "Winslett, married to director Sam Mendes , was due to co-star with Brian Cox , Emily Mortimer and Jonathan Rhys Meyers in the unnamed film, which will be the first Allen film to be shot entirely in Britain. "However, after realizing publicity duties for the Johnny Depp -starring film Neverland plus Mendes' own work on Gulf War drama Jarheads would have kept her and her family apart all summer, Winslet withdrew from the film." An actress pulling out of a prestige flic for family? What the f-c#! In : urlLink Bill Clinton . That significant cultural artifact reports that Bill is tomcatting again. As if this is a surprie to anyone. Can't we all just all accept that urlLink he has a non-traditional arrangement with his wife and move on? Of course, if Bill Clinton has any more encounters with heads of state or Hollywood starlets, I'll be the first one to report it. I just won't moralize or playa hate. Out : Zell Miller , urlLink According to the AP : " urlLink Georgia Sen. Zell Miller , the highest profile Democrat to endorse President Bush for re-election, will speak at the Republican National Convention later this summer, a congressional aide said Friday. "According to the aide, who spoke on condition of anonymity, Miller will give his address on Wednesday night of the convention in New York. The Bush-Cheney campaign was expected to make an official announcement later in the day. The convention will be held Aug. 30-Sept. 2." This just may be a minor plus for possible Veepstakes hopeful urlLink Max Cleland , also from Georgia. In : urlLink King Alfred the Great . I've been reading urlLink Asser's Life of King Alfred , don't ask me why -- I get eclectic in the summer's -- and he was a fascinating character. A proto anti- urlLink Machiavelli who operated in the sphere of political action but was personally governed by a deep religious idealism, he united Britain (The Angles and the Saxons), and drove off the barbarian Viking hordes who terrorized Europe. All British Kings, I believe, derive their authority from Alfred. Just reading this urlLink fascinating account by Alfred's tutor, Asser , gives me a richer understanding of urlLink Shakespeare and urlLink Byrd , the pomp and circumstance they have regarding the lineage of Kings (it is not that studied and fussed about in Uganda), by their genesis in King Alfred's struggle. I must be getting old, though, because I've been reading histories all month, which is something I told myself I'd never do. First urlLink Thucydides now this. And yes, people, when I am not trolling the gossip sites, drinking Cutty Sark at the local pub, ogling the ladies, or working at my various projects and schemes, I actually read urlLink The Great Books . Slowly, too, taking a dozen pages in at a time and wrestling with their meaning. Imagine that. Out : Slavery is over, but apparently it's okay to urlLink sell a lecherous Frenchman online (link via urlLink TMLTMF ). Oh yeah, and does anyone know how to get DVD's of the original urlLink Degrassi Junior High TV Show , that and the PBS hit series High Feather?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Rick James . From an interview with Jamie Foxx in the urlLink July 2004 issue of Stuff Magazine : "Rick James lives right down the street from me. He came to my house, he braught these girls with him, and he broke my bed. He was like, 'Yeah, Jamie, watch this!' He jumped on my bed and broke it. I'm such a fan of Rick James that I was just like, 'I don't care, man. Break the shit out of that mothafucka!' Rick James is hysterical. He gived you a window of when Hollywood was really Hollywood, the 70s shit, sex, drugs and rock and roll." Out : urlLink TheSmokinggun came up with some really twisted freaky stuff today. Very disturbing, very urlLink David Lynch : "While seated on the bench, an Oklahoma judge used a male enhancement pump, shaved and oiled his nether region, and pleasured himself, state officials charged yesterday in a petition to remove the jurist. According to the below complaint filed by the Oklahoma Attorney General, Donald D. Thompson, 57, was caught in the act by a clerk, trial witnesses, and his longtime court reporter (these unsettling first-hand accounts will make you wonder what's going on under other black robes)." Read the whole filthy little document urlLink here and then take a cool Visine eyebath. In : urlLink Zulkey interviews Slim Goodbody , AKA John Burstein , a figure of androgynous happy fun joy from my childhood: Zulkey : What did you do pre-Slim? Slim : I did some acting in NY way off- Broadway. I studied dance in Belgium, and dramatic literature at University. " Zulkey : Has the bodysuit evolved over the years? " Slim : Yes, Ive had about a dozen or so. The painting gets better. Ive added things like the diaphragm and changed the background colors a bit. " Zulkey : What do you do to stay slim for the bodysuit? " Slim : Swim, do aerobics, ride a bike, lift weights and eat right. I try to work out regularly." Out : I'm thoroughly enjoying Clinton's My Life, but, after reading the urlLink Larry McMurtry New York Times blow job , I'm not quite sure we are reading the same book, like when he says, lost in love: "Had Clinton become our urlLink Balzac , working all night at his office up in Harlem, with haggard gofers bringing in pizza, Chinese, ribs, whatever the Midnight Scribbler wanted? Could there even be a copy boy, making his last appearance in history, waiting to rush these pages down the street to Knopf? "One of the appealing things about Bill Clinton, at least to literary types like me, is that he frequently reminds me of authors or their characters - for instance, there's urlLink Thomas Wolfe , the big ghost from the other side of the South. Bill Clinton looks homeward often, to laud his angel mother, Virginia Kelley. But why stop there? You can have Clinton as urlLink Gulliver , pricked by the Boss Lilliputian, Kenneth Starr; you can have him as urlLink Tom Jones , eternally seeking his Dad; you can have him as urlLink L'il Abner , wooing his Daisy Mae in the unlikely purlieu of Yale Law School; though to his gnatlike cloud of enemies he will always mainly be the Artful Dodger, the man they're convinced is getting away with something, even if, as is often the case, they can't figure out what." Clinton's bio, as I read it -- and I'm about 300 pages in -- is a new kind of bio, a Boomer bio of an American President. This is an extraordinary happening. Clinton tells us things that no President could ever imagine telling us because of the generation out of which he has emerged, and because of the remarkable times where we live, now, as the unchallenged global superpower (Muslim Fundamentalists be damned!). This new phenomenon is, alas, not broached by McMurtry in his review, as he is so caught up in the act of performing what essentially amounts to a sloppy literary blow job. urlLink It doesn't work . And we, the readers of the review, are so much the poorer for not having that topic adressed. In : urlLink Gawker.com's special Learning Annex correspondent (Is that Our "Hendry" the Intern, again?) covers Damon Dash's lecture. I've always wondered about the internal politics of these things. I mean, how does it work? What manner of man would attend something so obviously silly and self promotional as a Learning Annex lecture by some artless pseudo-celebrity? Apparently, the people willing to shell out the $50 are trying to slip the celebrity a resume in the process, or at least plead their case. Sounds yucky, tricking a celebrity to get some quick cash only to spring the musk of Young Manhattan Ambition on them. Not just Young Manhattan Ambition, but Young Manhattan Ambition that does not know the proper protocol for applying for a job, or getting that demo listened to. But then, in a way, The Learning Annex doesn't say -- now is not the time to pitch your tv show to Regis, he just wants to make some quick pocket change and not be accosted. No, the folks at The Learning Annex never say that ... it might cut into their bottom line. Anyhoo : As you can imagine, Damon Dash , a thug-entrepeneur, who tells us during the course of the report that he wears the "iciest" watches, urlLink wasn't having any of this impromtu social advancement rally : "Somewhere around this point there was a near-complete breakdown in order, owing almost entirely to the Learning Annex's poor planning. The microphone was being handled by a meek, small girl and she was taking questions, which virtually everyone had, in no discernible order. Finally, one guy started yelling, 'Can we just put a microphone in the middle and we line up because I don't even know how she's picking?' "The crowd went crazy. There was total chaos for a few minutes and somehow out of it all this really big guy, who said he was a rapper named Solomon, got the microphone, telling the guy who had just freaked out, 'She ain't dissin' you homey. If you'd listened to what the man said. You would've just taken it for yourself,' to a general sarcastic rumble from the house. "His 'question': 'I just want to let you know that there's one person here who understands you.'" Never underestimate the creative character of Young Manhattan Ambition, in fact, The Corsair is planning on bottling a batch and selling it over eBay ... or something. Out : I see urlLink white people ! The United States Senate dress like plantation owners. Ought the Congressional Black Caucus to break into a spirited impromptu rendition of urlLink "My Mammy"? Kidding. ( The Corsair flashes a devilish smile) In : According to urlLink A Fly On The Wall , "Steven Spielberg's Dreamworks studio has begun developing a movie thriller about a urlLink Washingtonienne-like character who becomes ensnared in a coverup and CIA-sanctioned assassination of a critical congressman, according to several screenwriters approached to pen the script. "Unless you've been spending all your time buying tchotchkes on eBay, you probably followed the online adventures of the pseudonymous Capitol Hill hottie named urlLink Washingtonienne who blogged about her various sexual escapades involving bigwigs inside the Beltway. "Spielberg's studio began developing the project after learning about the real Washingtonienne's urlLink very public expose and subsequent firing a few weeks ago. In the Dreamworks film version, a Capitol Hill nymphette blogs anonymously about her Congressional sexcapades. When she annoys one too many powerbrokers, however, rogue CIA operatives frame her for a whistleblowing congressman's murder, and she must go on the run while simultaneously trying to prove her innocence and expose the real killers. "The movie will have a Enemy of the State sort of frantic pace and intensity," according to a Dreamworks internal development memo." Crazy. Read more urlLink here . Out : urlLink According to Wonkette , and we don't ever doubt her, "Chicago news outlets are reporting that Jack "Swing State" Ryan is dropping out of the race, leaving the field open for his hotter, less plagued by monumentally bad judgment competitor."

 My Favorite 70s TV Most of this was posted on February 18th, though I have made several additions to the text, but since some new people have come along since then, I thought I'd republish it, for anyone who doesn't really know me other than the snarky in and outs and my bad urlLink Interview with New Jersey piece that so totally didn't work (sorry for subjecting you to that), but seemed like a good idea at the time: What the fuck was up with urlLink this ? When I was a kid urlLink the dummy in Magic kept me up at night, distraught. Imagine me, a dainty African Ambassador's son, in the 70s, sheltered from the horrors of the West in decline against the Soviet bulwark -- hey, that's the line we were getting from urlLink Amin -- freaking out over a dummy. Actually, there was a lot of urlLink "puppetry" as a "televisable entertainment," inexplicably going on in the 1970s, lots of arts and crafts and Shields and Yarnell. Crazy ... urlLink Eight is Enough brings back warm fuzzy memories of childhood. One of the most intense memories of my childhood is the episode where the actress Bradford "Joanie," was playing urlLink the role Medea . It represented the Ultimate drama to me, at least the "deepest" drama I had ever encountered as an Ambassador's son constantly changing schools and continents. I was fascinated. Throughout the show she spouted lines urlLink over 2,000 years old . The canned laughter did not distract me. It had the same hold over me as those creepy ads on tv for the King Tutankhaman exhibit at urlLink the Met that aired during the mid 70s . Years later I found myself studying classics in college. Drama and the ancient, all represented by this hot chick, the actress, urlLink Laurie Walters . I blame Joanie Bradford for introducing me to Euripides at an impressionable age. urlLink Fellini's Satyricon . A pagan work, to be sure; groaning with alien laughter. Un-be- fucking -lievable: creativity on a galactic scale. Nino Roti's staggering sonic assault of music from another planet alone is worth the DVD price. The Rablasian Fellini walks us through Roman antiquity as he imagines it, crossed with highbrow science fiction sequences of an imagined future looking backwards, soaked in burgundy. There can never be anyone as Felliniesque as Fellini. Fellini has this really odd little maneuver, where the actors are frequently standing still, looking into the camera, which creates a very disturbing effect on the viewer, as if the actors, beyond time are watching us view their little spectacle. I have a pet theory that surrealism isn't really an art form at all, urlLink just a division, or category of the occult . This movie would bear that theory out. Throughout the film -- the Minotaur spares Acyltus from a bludgeoning, prompting cosmic laughter spiralling at the end (the absurd universe?), then the rambling journey winding through the labyrinthine whorehouse at the beginning, with those withering close ups of the freaky pagan denizens therein, then the elaborate fake funeral at Trimalchio's dinner (eating and dying was all Trimalchio was about) -- all give off the combined effect that the film is laughing at you, the viewer . From some distance outside of time the film is laughing at the viewer. Very, very strange effect, that; even now, the echoes of their laughter caused a chill up my spine. Also, the world's first urlLink werewolf story, the Tale of Niceras, which, told over the distance of two milennia, is incredibly creepy. But my Ascendant is Aquarius and I am a Gemini who studied ancient literature in college, so I truly dig the ancient sci-fi horror psychological vibe. Carl Sagan's Cosmos : Okay, so in the madcap world of urlLink astrophysics Sagan's hypotheses are probably all outmoded already . Right? So what? So is urlLink Ptolemy's Almagest and yet I still read it in college and gained benefit. The methods by which man came to his conclusions about the universe are worthy of contemplation; and, of course, worthy of more questions in light of our most current data. Cosmos is no exception. This series was the bomb! ( looks around sheepishly, then raises hand , " question : who is the biggest PBS geek in the room"?) Classics are never outmoded, they exist to be rediscovered and add onto.&nbsp; urlLink Chespirito . This show was a mystery to me: Why would a grown Latin man in need of some excercise want to go on tv dressed like a racy little bumble bee number emblazoned with a big "CH" on his paunch. Subtitle it and put it on Trio; I'd watch it just to clarify my childhood mystery. I'd like to crack open a cold cerveza and figure this out. What the fuck was going on here ? Why is everyone else laughing but me? I feel like I'm in a Fellini movie, but it is in Spanish and the sets are decidedly low rent. We'd all like to know what the people on that endless laugh track find so fucking hilarious.&nbsp; I think this was a Mexican Show and, to be honest, I've always wanted to know what the life of a Mexican immigrant is like -- they seem to be sadly, partially through language, a very socially seperate part of New York City.&nbsp; Often when I come back drunk from Soho, you can see the men getting off of work as busboys, taking their checks home to their wives. They seem decent people,&nbsp;even after some Heinekins and incredibly long hours at bad wages and horrendous treament. I'm getting off the subject. urlLink Stoned, the Afterschool Special with Scott Baio . "Super Stoned Jack," was the scariest introduction that most of us had to the world of the sweet leaf. Sensimila? Not if you have any sensibilities! The tag line for this read: "Jack is a motivated high school student who smokes cannabis for the first time, and falls in with a fast crowd. Will he wake up and realize what he's doing with his future before it's too late?" If I were stoned I would never go out in a row boat on the grey and greasy river limpopo. Well , certainly not after seeing this little chestnut of a public service announcement made by anxious parents of latchkey kids in the Age of Studio 54. Put it on Trio so we can all laugh at the "reefer madness." Just say yes to that Farah Fawcett haired character Felicity. But I'm sure skeevy New York Times writer Neill Strauss will. The Boy Who Drank Too Much Site wraps up a major plat point up nicely: "Scott Baio plays a high school nerd, complete with glasses, pocket protector and the nickname "Melonhead." At first, clean-cut Jack (Baio) wants nothing to do with the burn-outs who sneak joints into the Boys' Room. Unfortunately, Jack's accomplishments are ignored, since Dad is too busy doting on his jock older brother Mike (Vinnie Bufano). Plus, a cute blonde named Felicity in Jack's Spanish class ( urlLink Largo Woodruff , who later appeared in Tobe Hooper's THE FUNHOUSE) has him (excited), but the guy is too scared to speak to her. These teen pressures have Jack prepared to do anything to change his boring life -- even smoke grass! Oh, no! Of course, a couple tokes later, he's instantly hooked! Jack takes off his glasses, undoes the top button on his shirt, giggles uncontrollably, and suddenly finds the nerve to hang out with Felicity." Dummy . urlLink Gritty 70s drama of urban social decline -- thanks, Ed Koch ! Asshole ! Back in the Koch day, NYC was all about twitchy pimps with straightrazors and purple suits with ruffled shirts and jewel encrusted goblets wandering the urban landscape (hey, come to think of it, urlLink the pimpy fashion aesthetic is very ... umm... urlLink priest -like), as well as greaser glue sniffing graffiti punks roaming the streets, wild-eyed, switchblades at the ready, in search of a little of the old ultraviolence . Koch turned NYC into a Guns n Roses video, with Mr. Brownstone creeping around Central Park in a raincoat with nothing on underneath! Get this plot, though, peeps: LeVar Burton plays a deaf and dumb mute who is framed for the death of a prostitute (Kuta Kinte, you are a framed man!). But will we get justice for the amiable host of urlLink Reading Rainbow ? Anyhoo : Will a young Paul Sorvino get him redemption when he cannot even communicate with his morose client? Or will "Dummy" just become another urban statistic on the Koch street? Despite the overall bleakness, this a very, very cool slice of social commentary. &nbsp; I loved this movie soo much in the 70s. I was an odd kid, as you can imagine. urlLink Bugsy Malone . This was the shit when I was a kid. Scott "Chachi" Baio, who, incidentally, Hollywood has not been kind to, is in a period gangester flic ... only everyone is little kids . Crazy. urlLink Jodie Foster plays an oversexed Tallulah Bankhead rip off. Why were Jodie Foster's preadolescent roles so highly sexualized? I think Ms. Foster has a legitimate gripe with her stage mother. And one can only imagine the shit she had to deal with on those sets in Hollywwod playing a sexually charged tween. Remember, Mary-Kate and Ashley were objects of desire waay before they turned legal. There's a gangster called Fat Sam. And the whole crazy 70s scenario is about spud guns, the empowerment of children -- I fell for this film hook, line and sinker. There is a veiled sense of poking fun at the Cold War here, the escalation of arms, detente, and all that, but a kid, even a precocious little diplobrat like me wouldn't see it. urlLink I loved this movie . I wish Trio would put it back on (" urlLink anybody who is anybody will soon walk through that door/ at fat sams grand slam speakeasy") urlLink Kramer vs. Kramer . The first dramatic and fully articulated statement of the Baby Boomers achieving adulthood. A film of the first water. Young married couple breaks apart. They become two seperate people, no longer the Eisenhower nuclear family, post sexual revolution. Wife leaves shallow workaholic husband and baby to find her own particular nebulous conception of 70s "freedom". Goes out West. Hints of Big Sur, urlLink Esalen and the "Me" Generation. She finds herself. Comes back revitalized. In the meantime, shallow husband once defined by his work, like an IBM-era blue tie white shirt Organization Man, like--probably--his father changes, grows . Welcome to 1978, motherfucker. Ka-Pow! Husband fights custody. Bach and Vivaldi weave in and out of this drama artfully; a drama that takes place, it seems, embroidered into the most poignant colors of Autumn in Central Park, from skeletal oranges and violent reds to sepia oches and deep emerald greens, the seasons wheel by heavily, like a Buach fugue. Those colors and the rich tonal echoes of Bach and Vivaldi accurately reflect the heightened emotion of the drama -- the decisive break from the previous Norman Rockwell-era, the divorce and emancipation of the Boomers in film. And the courtroom scene where Meryl Streep slowly dissolves into tears offset by a forced composure, dignified in her hour of humiliation (better than Jane Fonda in Klute) as Hoffman's lawyer vivisects her irresponibility -- her feminism, her 1978ness -- are among the best goddamned acting you ever will see. Kramer versus Kramer is as good as film gets, heralding the onset of the Boomer Generation in much the same way urlLink Bill Clinton's My Life will forever change the way our "Kings" narrate the sequence of their movements through the stream of time. Poldark: This cult British tv series is quite habit forming. Incredible. Just urlLink incredible . A period piece that is a cross between Wuthering Heights , the Mayor of Casterbridge and Les Liaisons Dangereuse but with a compelling soap opera character at its heart. A silver mine in the American colonies, unrequited love, lots of horses racing with that dull but electric blue 1970s skyline backdrop, aristocratic dreams thwarted -- call me urlLink Madame Bovary , but I dig that classical romanticism. A guilty high quality pleasure. You get sucked in to this costume drama that is one part Danielle Steele and one part high art. Assorted Good Times episodes: Come on, you know you had a crush on Wilona ("and you too, Wilomena" said the archetypical corrupt pol, Alderman Davis ) when you were kid, didn't you -- the only blingy woman in the projects; or, if you were a girl, Bookman the janitor was your long, cold drink of water . What, you never saw a black man doing a John Wayne impression, pilgrim ? You better act like you know . And you know in your heart Wilona saved Janet Jackson from falling down that elevator shaft while trying to escape her mom who beat her with a hot iron just before she became Willis' girl, then Cleo on Fame.("and you too, Winooski") . But I was totally in love with Wilona; just as every African-American man my age took his cues from the proud George Jefferson as an influence, we all had a thing for Wilona, and many, many of the brothers are, as we speak, marrying Wilona clones. We can't help it. Her father must have been with the PLO, cause she was Tha Bomb! Remember the episode where Michael gets crunk off some dodgy ghetto "health tonic" (aka, muscatel) with a dangerously high alcohol content? Crazy. urlLink classic ("Get Vita Brite and sleep tonight" ...*promptly passes out*). Then there was the time Michael joined a gang and hid his jacket in the oven, which prompted JJ to note that the smell emanating from the kitchen was an improvement on Thelma's cooking. Oh , what about the one where Thelma almost married this polygamist Nigerian cat. Crazy ! What about that pimpy guy "Lennay," who always sold hot appliances from out of his coat. Classic . So was the episode when James has hypertension. Apparently most of the writers were white, too. So was ... hey ... was this urlLink a comedy or what ? ("and you too, Winifred") Cinema Paradiso . The best work of art on the subject of friendship I've ever encountered. The Corsair lost a couple of tears in his Cutty Sark at the end of this one. Any classroom reading of urlLink Artistotle on Friendship should include a look at this film. urlLink Shields and Yarnell . Come on, you know you liked it -- mime, dance and comedy sketches. What more could you want? Okay, talent ... is nice. Fame the TV Series : Why are there not repeats on VH1 of this show already? When you say low budget and high quality I think .. right here's where you start paying for it ... with pain ... and sweat . The show of young, artistic people struggling for their moment to shine is about as American as it gets and less cruel than Donald Trump's Apprentice, where sharky career advancement is all about crippling the competition. Whatever happened to that sexy cello player who wouldn't give anyone the time of day, urlLink Lori Singer . I was all about the emotional cellist yet frosty behaving Lori Singer back in the day. Yummy. Cries and Whispers by Ingmar Bergman . If urlLink Black Stallion is the most beautifully shot film, then this is number two. All natural lighting. Bergman uses a fade to red to seperate scenes, mimicking the inner membrane of our eyelids. About as fucking intense as art can get. And halfway through this film about communication and treachery -- where the incessant ticking of an pocketwatch reminds us of time's passage -- Bergman dissolves a reconcilliation scene between two hard hearted sisters into urlLink Bach's Sarabande no. 5 in D minor . That's so fucking cool it hurts to just write it (*sips Cutty Sark to steady hisself*) The Black Stallion: Those fabulous Copollas! This is perhaps the most beautiful filmed movie ever. From the point of view of a boy. urlLink The Black Stallion is really about the restrictive society. Very 70s in that it lauds freedom ("keep on truckin'"). The image of the horse adrift in the Pacific Ocean, a burning ship sinking in the background, and the boy, by pure instinct, snatching the floating rope as it passes, is straight out of urlLink Jung -- all boldness, the act of grabbing hold; the rest is archetypal images of power and the unconscious. The Gore Vidal-Bill Buckley Debate-Fight It was in the heart of the 60s: the polarized political center of the 60s. The left and the right clash violently on national television . In the news division of a respectable network . Fuck! A classic . The country was divided in those days is an understatement. Excellent . Buckley is the Grandfather of the American conservative movement; Vidal the leading leftist rhetorician (lefties don't organize hierarchical movements, it goes against type). For a moment, our two leading intellectuals of our two political polarities went at it in a bareknuckled intellectual fistfight. Not since urlLink Burr shot Hamilton dead has there been so much political drama in The Republic. Was there something in the water in the late 60s, or was everyone just crezzzzy. Woody Allen's Teleplay: Don't Drink the Water . One of the urlLink most interesting experiments on television ever. Woody Allen directs and writes a teleplay starring Michael J Fox and the kid who played urlLink Blossom (Incidentally, you'll have to remind me to get back to the subject of Blossom). Shaky handheld camera follows a grown Michael J. Fox as he slowly becomes involved with a bright but much younger woman. How the fuck did this get on American and not Parisian tv? Aren't we supposed to be puritainical? Did Woody Allen have so much juice back in the day that he could put on pedophilic Americana on network tv? Does the story sound familiar? Actually the story is tame, and inventive and very, very arty. Whatever happened to Slim Goodbody? True, he was slim. Very slim. Okay, urlLink John Burstein was the classic urlLink ectomorph geek . But we were urlLink wild and innocent youth at the time. What were we to know about cool? But even as a kid, I did pick up a certain ... nervousness. Now, maybe that had to do with a really fast metabolism on his part. Or, maybe it's just the plain fact that dressing up in his mom's panty hose with your innards haphazardly painted on them isn't the best way to make a living; it's just not a socially acceptable way of being gainfully employed. And add on to that the fact that he did this in front of kids. Creepy factor . In the name of (makes broad ironical quotation marks with his fingers) " health education ." Said ectomorph with an afro would actually sing these horrible -- horrible -- rockabilly ditties and dance this really spastic jazzercize numbers, chicken legs flapping in the wind, all in full view of kids. How lame is that? When I was a kid at the urlLink UN School it was considered lame to watch Slim Goodbody. Nowadays similar social leprosy could be gained from admitting to the consumption of urlLink Benson and Hedges cigarettes , or purchasing a urlLink Kenny G album . For whatever unfathomable reason of the childhood cruelty of my generation, the Yemeni Ambassador's kid at the UN School was considered a geek . Kids are old school like that. Now, in his early 30s, that kid is right about now a mid level official in the tyranny there, taking out all his childhood aggressions on innocent civilians. Shit happens : I can't be held accountable. Anyhoo : Even that kid -- let's call him the monkeyboy -- he thought Slim Goodbody was lame. That guy. And you know your up shits creek without a paddle if your shtick cannot appeal to the undiscriminating tastes of the Yemeni Ambassor's kid. urlLink Matthew Starr pretended to be an earthling, but he was really the Crown Prince of the Planet Quadris . His father was overthrown by tyrants, so he was sent here to develop his telekenetic powers then go back to throw down some furious anger at his oppressors. His mentor is Louis Grossett Junior , who also pretends to be his science teacher.&nbsp; Grossett notwithstanding, this show was a little too "caucasian" for me, no offense (to be honest, A Different World, in the later seasons, was a little too "African-American" for me, as well, no offense). As opposed to, say, urlLink Bennu of the Golden Light , who is a messenger from an alien world, a scout. Bennu is looking for his lost companion, Mira . He aids people in distress with his freaky magical amulet. You better recognize .&nbsp; Loved it: superhero on tv. urlLink Alan Fawcett was the host of a show which scored pantomimers on originality, appearance and lip synch. urlLink Quincy's understanding of forensic medicine was way ahead of it's time for prime time tv. He, Quincy , of the LA Coroner's office. He lived on a boat, was a 70s swinger, and played detective to find evidence to support his theories of unexplained deaths. This did not endear urlLink Jack Klugman to the urlLink po-po . urlLink Greg Evigan played the independent trucker BJ McCay . He was a medevac pilot in the Nam and, somehow, managed to smuggle a chimp named Bear back with him. Living in a truck has it's advantages, as he croons in the theme song, "Best of all, I don't pay property tax ." Sheriff Lobo was always on his ass for something or other. Quite possibly this was tax related. Robert Gulliame -- who insists that he is not Haitian/caribeat , played an upwardly mobile household executive-budget director-Lt. Governor, urlLink Benson DuBois . (*snickers* DuBois?) His plight mirrored the rise of African Americans throughout the 70s, more accurately than Good Times (the low estimate) or The Jeffersons (an inflated estimate of the African American plight). He bantered with the Wagnerian housekeeper urlLink Gretchen Krauss , played so ably, ironically by the Nebraska-born Inga Swenson . urlLink That freaky kid Missy Gold with the big eyes and the adult dialogue kind of wierded me out. She harshed on my urlLink "I'd Like To Buy The World A Coke" 70s vibe. Benson always had an ironic stance -- laughing -- and I try to bring that to my own brand of cultural commentary. So, now you know .

 Stasi Drugged; Spiegelman Pitches to Moss' New York? According to urlLink fashionweekdaily : "New York Post columnist / TV writer Linda Stasi was out of commission for a few days recently after someone drugged her drink during a night on the town. Stasi felt sick after a cocktail at the Villard Bar and Lounge in the New York Palace Hotel the other night. She went to the hospital and was treated for mild poisoning, and had to be hooked up to an IV at one point. Doctors told her she was drugged but did not know what with, and Stasi has no idea who might have slipped her the mickey or why. She is said to be reviewing her legal options." urlLink Brandusa Niro's Fashionweek Daily is coming on bold and fast with the scoops ( Full Disclosure : The Corsair occasionally does projects for Brandusa , so take this with a grain of salt if you must, but we like her, she's got a fantastic, larger than life personality). Fashionweekdaily continues, " Graydon Carter's new hire from the salmon-hued weekly, urlLink Frank DiGiacomo , is said to be working on a piece about urlLink New York gossip columnists for his first assignment." Which is interesting, considering urlLink the war going down between Page Six and Lloyd Grove , with appearances by urlLink Howard Stern and Beth Ostrowsky , the urlLink National Enquirer's Mike Walker and urlLink New York Press Editor Jeff Koyen , for good measure. It's like a goddamn gossip World War Three up in this bitch, yo. Anyhoo, urlLink fashionweekdaily continues: " ... Page Six scribe Ian Spiegelman , who got the axe earlier this week after some ill-advised remarks he made to the New York Daily News, is pitching a piece about his travails to New York magazine." Ian Spiegelman is genius, and urlLink Adam Moss would be a fool not to jump on this as a cover story that would generate phenomenal media buzz. urlLink Each can be useful to the other . Moss' vision and Spiegelman's blood vendetta mesh well in this instance: Moss likes to reveal how the city's power institutions work, and who can give a better view into the New York gossip industry than the outspoken and clearly out for revenge Spiegelman. urlLink Fresh faced Alexandra Polier wagging her finger at ( The Corsair makes quotation mark gestures out of thin air)"The Media"? Fuck no, baby pop, lets go with a urlLink Rablasian alpha male like Ian Spiegelman attacking Daniel Dechert's upcoming New York Press article, which, incidentally, no one in The Chattering Classes worth their weight in black clothing will read, because, like, I mean, really -- urlLink who reads the New York Press ? (Averted Gaze) That organization is covered in loser dust.

 Amsterdam, Taiwan: Bill Clinton and Rudolf Nuryev Please, O Lord, Give us this day our Daily Clinton : "I went to Amsterdam with my artist friend Aimee Gautier. The streets were covered with Christmas lights and lined with charming shops. The famous red-light district featured perfectly legal prostitutes on display in their windows. Aimee jokingly asked if I wanted to go into one of the places, but I declined. "We toured the main churches, saw the urlLink Van Goughs at the Municipal Museum and urlLink the Vermeers at the Rijksmuseum . At closing time, we were asked to leave the wonderful old place. I went to the cloakroom to pick up our coats. There was only one other person left in line to pick up his. When he turned around, I found myself facing urlLink Rudolf Nuryev . We exchanged a few words and he asked me if I wanted a cup of tea. I knew Aimee would love it, but just outside the front door, a handsome, frowning young man was anxiously pacing, obviously waiting for Nuryev, so I took a pass. Years later, when I was governor, I found myself in the same hotel with Nuryev in Taipei, Taiwan. We finally got our cup of tea late one night after we had fulfilled our respective obligations. Obviously he didn't recall our first meeting." urlLink Bill Clinton, My Life Well, let me spell it out for you, Bill, as delicately as I can; You can't expect a man to remember each person he ever invited for a, ahem ( The Corsair makes gestures out of thin air with his fingers of quotation marks), "cup of tea." Get it? urlLink Oldhag contemplates another Clintonian romantic moment.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink David Lee Roth , who has been quite active of late on the New York party circuit. First he was on The Sopranos , now, apparently, he's all buddy-pal with Jason Binn . Not a bad resume. According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , the Binn's will be living it up upscale with Diamond Dave on the Fourth of July, "We?ll be out in Aspen with [former Van Halen frontman] David Lee Roth launching urlLink Aspen Peak ." And if that weren't wild enough, Roth is running with the angels now that he was urlLink passed over to front Van Halen . Here's the quote of the day from Fashionweekdaily, made by David Lee Roth at urlLink Jason Binn's pool party, "I've been riding around in an ambulance doing actual EMT work and it's amazing what you find in each of the different neighborhoods. On the Upper East Side, it's mostly heart attacks; on the Lower East Side, you have the ecstasy overdoses; and in Harlem, you find all the traumas." Out : urlLink Michiko Kakutani , Presidential memoirs snob. There are many potential kinds of snob to be on the hypocritical Upper West Side ("What? We don't believe in social hierarchies!"): a white wine snob, the privatenurseryy school snob, the Lincoln Center tickets snob, the stone ground cracker snob, restaurant snobs, an Asian adopted baby snob, even -- dare we say it? -- an electrical car snob (you get my point about Upper West Side liberals?). But, lo and behold, woe unto thee if you are the worst snob of them all -- a Presidential memoirs snob (Averted Gaze). urlLink Editor and Publisher writes : "In an unprecedented move, The New York Times late Wednesday posted on its Web site a review of a book not scheduled to run until July 4 in its Sunday Book Review. This, of course, is no ordinary book, but Bill Clinton's new memoir, 'My Life.' "The review, by famed novelist Larry McMurtry , calls the book 'the richest American presidential autobiography.' "Although the Times did not indicate the reason, much criticism has been leveled at the paper since last Sunday, when urlLink it published an extremely unflattering review of the same book on its front page (a very rare event), two days before the book was published. That review, by regular critic Michiko Kakutani, called the book 'sloppy, self-indulgent and often eye-crossingly dull.' "... Times spokeswoman Kathy Park , in announcing the early posting, did not address any of the criticism or the reason for putting the new review up so early. "McMurtry in the new review says that 'snobbery' is the reason some reviewers have compared Clinton's book unfavorably to urlLink the classic by Ulysses S. Grant . 'Some people don't want slick Bill Clinton to have written a book that might be as good as dear, dying General Grant's,' he charges. "He adds, slyly, 'There are plenty of stout sticks to beat Clinton with, but Grant's memoir is not one of them.'" Like I said, Out : Michiko Kakutani , Presidential memoirs snob (sniff, sniff, Averted Gaze). In : urlLink Good Plastic Surgery (link via urlLink Defamer ). All we hear about is urlLink the bad plastic surgery . Sometimes silicon is our urlLink friend . And sometimes silicon is urlLink our enemy . Out : Danny Aiello plays the outer borough "ethnic" card, urlLink according to Lloyd Grove (Say what you will about Grove, he is making the tabloid wars far more exciting and competitive than urlLink Mitch Fink ever did): "Snubbing the rev: That was Danny Aiello refusing even to look at Al Sharpton Tuesday night when Sharpton dropped by Aiello's table at the Four Seasons Restaurant to say hi to Jason Binn , David Lee Roth and half a dozen others dining with the actor. 'I'm not going to shake hands with Al Sharpton - I just can't do that!' Aiello vowed." Come on , Danny Boy, the Reverend is just your harmless garden variety attention seeking buffoon. He's not dangerous like the Staten Island-Howard BeachBensonhurstt (The Corsair makes quotation marks gesture out of thin air) "powernexusx" believes ( The Corsair softly chuckles). It's not like he pals around and makes urlLink sundry business deals with convicted felons . Ka-Pow ! In : urlLink Sheik Chic ? What will the Muslim fundamentalists say when a Dubai, United Arab Emirates investment group buys into one of the hallmarks of "Western Decadence"? Come to think of it, "Western Decadence" sounds like a theme that Donatella has, uhm, pursued in her life. Anyhoo: urlLink Vogue reports : "HAS Versace found a buyer? The Italian fashion house, which is the subject of much speculation ahead of urlLink Allegra's 18th birthday next Wednesday, has apparently been contacted by the Istithmar fund about buying a minority stake. Versace admitted earlier this year that it was looking for a financial partner and, with Gianni's niece due to inherit 50 per cent of the business next week, the fashion world has been on tenterhooks to see what will happen next. It seems that this Dubai, United Arab Emirates-based investor group, which has a bank balance in the region of $2 billion, has big plans, however. 'A brand like Versace is the dream of any sheik,' Matteo Corsini, the Italian partner of Istithmar, told Women's Wear Daily. 'I think Versace is the best brand in Italy. New money is a good combination with the Versace brand.' While CVC Partners, Cerebus and Apax Partners, all of which were expected to show an interest in the house, have failed to come up with any offers, Versace itself is refusing to comment on any rumours. 'The company has received great interest from many parties,' it said. 'All inquiries have been forwarded to our advisers Credit Suisse First Boston and Lazard.'" Out : urlLink Kimberly Stewart's Chihuahua . One of the unwritten rules of being a socialite, or, for that matter, rock royalty such asKimberlyt Stewart no doubt is, requires that if you have an annoying little Vienna sausage-sized dog, you need to either carry it in your Louis Vuitton, or get a urlLink special carrier for it . No exceptions. To do anything less would be to damage the social honor of said dog. And a social misdemeanor on a urlLink nervous dog of that size could be fatal to his little over-bred heart. But don't quote me on that . Imagine the social insecurity that dog is feeling, being trotted around the fashionable districts in London in a paper bag. That's like placing a crown of thorns on the son of god, I'm serious, people will talk . If Kimberly Stewart were seen in a respectable neighborhood carrying her little weiner dog in a (averted gaze) paper bag (cough that signifies feigned detatchment) ... the urlLink ASPCA would be on her ass faster than urlLink Christian Slater in the strip club VIP room. In : urlLink La.com's blog has an interesting blind item that has me bewildered in a way I have not quite been since urlLink Heidegger's unorthodox reading of pre-Socratic philosopher Heraclitus : "Even Dollys titanium-clad heart goes out to that young show biz beaut who could soon be spending some of her gazillions on couples therapy--if, that is, she wises up to the wild and wanderin ways of her good-lookin-travelin-man boyfriend. The sexy young thang must be so busy with her own booming multihyphenate career that she doesnt have time to snoop into her boyfriends luggage before he hits the road. See, her man tends to cram his with such goodies as whips, handcuffs, leather masks, seriously scary dildos and those ever-popular tit clamps. If our starry-eyed little miss werent in such a state of denial, she might also have the time to check with the maids and staffs of the hotels at which her boyfriend stays, especially since the dude is so careless about leaving behind those sex toys wherever he goes. As for the pain-loving guy, we guess the dummy hasnt figured out yet that the butch, foreign dominatrix types he likes to hire bring their own toys with them at no additional charge." Who is urlLink this ?

 Lloyd Grove Causes a Media Ruckus urlLink Lloyd Grove sure is causing a lot of media ruckus, and I'm not sure I mean that in a good way. Allow me to explain : Just last week Our Man Lloyd was urlLink feuding mightily with Howard Stern , the self proclaimed King of All Media, (actually, the feud is only in detente, not over, why just yesterday he harshed on Stern's gal pal Beth Ostrowsky, bringing forth a rain of insult and a cryptic, 'I've got something for Richard Johnson') and now, voila , he claims he cost Page Sixer Ian Spiegelman his job. Actually, it was a sissy move by writer urlLink Daniel Dechert , who sneaked Grove the story. The Spiegelman-Dechert contretemps began with urlLink a Page Six story by Spiegelman saying, among other things: "A PROMISING teenage writer is in the middle of an angry dispute with her ex-boyfriend on the eve of her book's debut. "Abigail Vona, 19, details how she overcame being a 15-year-old drug addict with a year at a teen boot camp in her upcoming memoir urlLink 'Bad Girl: Confessions of a Teenage Delinquent' (RuggedLand). But she may have an even harder time overcoming a fight with her former boyfriend, man-about-town Douglas Dechert. "Vona claims she dumped Dechert, 47, last Wednesday after a year-long relationship she now describes as 'pretty gross.' Dechert, Vona says, proceeded to throw her belongings into the street." And things heated up urlLink yesterday when Grove wrote : "In a toxic screed that the weekly New York Press plans to print next week, Dechert calls his ex-girlfriend - who dumped him last month - 'barely literate.' He adds that she has 'the heart of a mercenary and the soul of a hustler.' "Yesterday, Vona told Lowdown: 'I'm excited about the book, but I'm worried about Doug. He just won't go away ... I got into a bad relationship with Doug.' " ... New York Press editor in chief Jeff Koyen called Dechert's article 'a fun, entertaining indictment of New York publishing. I think people will enjoy reading it.'" urlLink Does anyone still read the New York Press ? Anyhoo: Dechert made claims that Ian Spiegelman courted Vona while writing the original Page Six article, a charge which was not substantiated. Plus, Dechert seems to be a jealous creep, so he would probably say anything. urlLink Spiegelman responded with an email : "You're a lame and a pussy, Doug. And you should know better than to try and wage war on me. I'm better, stronger and smarter than you, you little Nancy. If I wanted to take your girl out, I would. You have nothing I can't take away from you, you non-man." And, of course, as Nancy's and non-men are wont to do, Dechert ran giggling to share the contents of this private yet combative email with a gossip columnist, namely, Grove, who in turn shared the contents of the email with Post PR consultant Howard Rubenstein, who finally shared it with Post Editor Col Allan. You see where I'm going with this. In the end Spiegelman got fired, which is a shame, but with his solid rep it shouldn't be too hard for a man like him to land squarely on his feet in this town.

 Clinton: "Clawing my way through a maze" "The most challenging course I took in high school was calculus. There were seven of us in that class, it had never been offered before. One day the teacher, Mr. Coe, handed an exam in which urlLink I had all the right answers but a grade reflecting that I'd missed one. When I asked about it, Mr. Coe said I hadn't worked the problem properly, and therefore must have gotten the correct answer by accident, so he couldn't give me credit for it. In the textbook the answer required several more steps than I had used. Our class had one true genius, Jim McDougal (no, not the Whitewater one), who asked if he could see the paper. He then told Mr. Coe he should give me credit because my solution was as valid as the one in the textbook, indeed better, because it was shorter. He then volunteered to demonstrate the validity of his opinion. Mr. Coe was just as much in awe of Jim's brain as the rest of us, so he told him how to get ahead. Jim then proceded to fill two full blackboards with symbolic mathematical formulas analyzing the problem and demonstrating how I had improved on the textbook's solution. You could have fooled me. I had always liked solving puzzles, still do, but I was just clawing my way through a maze. urlLink I didn't have a clue about what Jim was saying, and I'm not sure Mr. Coe did either, but at the end of his bravura performance I got my grade changed. That incident taught me two things: that in problem solving, sometimes good instincts can overcome intellectual inadequacy; and that I had no business pursuing advanced mathematics any further." urlLink Bill Clinton, My Life

 Eric Benet to Halle Berry: Pay Up! This, according to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The Star : "Now that Halle Berry , 37, has finally filed for divorce from her cheating husband urlLink Eric Benet , sources say that Benet seems to be pulling out all the stops to get as much money as he can from his soon-to-be ex-wife. He's currently challenging the prenuptial agreement they signed at the start of their 32-month marriage, and he's using his 12-year old daughter, India, as a pawn, according to insiders." The Corsair munches unsalted popcorn and moves in closer. "'Eric has demanded insane amounts of money to maintain his lifestyle,' says an insider. 'He's telling Halle that India, too, is starting to suffer and has become withdrawn because she was taken out of that lifestyle 'so abruptly,' "On June 1, Benet, 37, filed papers in Los Angeles Superior Court questioning the validity of his prenup. Neither Berry's nor Benet's reps returned calls for comment." Moving in closer, The Corsair mouths, silently: "It's on ... it's on like Gray Poupon." "Outside court, however, sources tell Star that Eric has shamelessly brought his daughter into the mix, even threatening to limit Halle's visits with her. Halle and India have been close ever since Halle and Eric became serious in the late '90s. When the couple married in January 2001, Halle accepted India -- whose biological mother died in a car accident when she was a toddler -- as if she were her own. 'I'm all she's got as far as a mother goes,' Berry has said. 'It feels as if she's my own; she calls me 'mommy.' The Corsair mouths the words, a tear gliding down his downy cheek, 'Mommy.' " ... Now India appears to be at the center of a divorce battle that has become increasingly bitter in recent weeks, sources say. Benet 'tells Halle that India has gotten used to the way other girls -- rich girls -- dress, act and shop. Therefore, he wants Halle to pay up,' the insider says. 'He pretty much dangled India in front of Halle's nose -- like dangling a carrot in front of a horse -- and when she went to grab it, Eric would pull India back until Halle melted down,' says the friend. For a while these scare tactics seemed to work, but sources say Halle has now had enough. The insider says, 'Halle is hoping any fair judge will see Benet's ploy for what it is and not award him one dime.'" Eric Benet strikes The Corsair as a lazy, shiftless, lowdown cheating ... musician . Quick : What do you call a musician who breaks up with his girlfriend? Homeless ...

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Prince . Last week his CD Musicology made urlLink 95,000 "sales," although they were really given away to fans that baught tickets. Clever . An innovator in music, and, it appears, an innovator in business. Out : urlLink Joan Rivers . Rivers will be exiting the low rent urlLink E! telvision , where she her bitchy red carpet show was one of their highest rated, to go to the television ghetto known as urlLink "the TV Guide Channel." As if that weren't appalling enough, Rivers will be urlLink performing in Vegas . At her age. In : urlLink The La.com blog's blind items , to wit: "If a newsmaking relationship between two fine-looking famous names stars implodes with warp speed, you can bet your bottom Dolly the old green-eyed monster caused the split. See, the male member (you should pardon the expression), whose career isnt exactly going places these days, is mad jealous -- and so suspicious of his hot mama, he demands that she carry a Blackberry, cell phone and pager at all times so he can check on her whereabouts. As if that werent wacky enough, he insists that her appointment schedule be faxed to him daily. Now hes even secretly hired private goons (mostly his out-of-work actor and musician friends) to tail her wherever she goes. The other afternoon, while she was getting waxed, massaged and pampered at that low-profile, celebrity-studded spa, Mr. Insecure phoned and beeped her so many times, the management ordered her to switch off her toys or hit the road. Have you guessed the punchline to this sickly obsessive tale? Thats right, the suspicious dude is actually the one whos cheating, with an up-and-coming singer/actress." The posters are saying Reese Witherspoon and Ryan Phillippe . I'm not so sure about that. Out : urlLink Ashley Olsen . Our favorite socialite, Miu Von Furstenberg , lets the cat out of the bag: "According to Mary Kate's therapist's sister's cousin's housekeeper, urlLink Ashley has been secretly stealing Mary Kate's food for years." In : urlLink Page Six snagged Pat O'Brien's parting Access Hollywood email: "PAGE SIX has obtained an eviscerating e-mail O'Brien sent to (Shaun) Robinson after he accepted his new job last week. Here are some highlights: "'Shaun . . . Your behavior to me over the past few years has been a sickening joke. From the day you called [former NBC Enterprises president] Ed Wilson and said I was creating a hostile situation . . . to last week when you went postal on my friend and accused me of an affair . . . and talked to me like a five-year-old gang member. "'I have never known anybody so disliked in a newsroom and it's well deserved. You push people to the limits and you are so needy and demanding . . . it is scary. "'This is tough love, Shaun. You have the worst reputation I've ever seen in the business . . . and your constant attempt to get me fired was such a joke to everybody it was hard to contain the laughter. "'But now I am gone . . . and you made my departure so easy . . . I've never worked with anybody so conflicted and sad and insecure and so needy. They all know it . . . and it must be sad for you to realize that you are literally hated by most . . . Don't you EVER EVER make things up about me. Don't you EVER EVER tell your friends I'm a bad employee . . . "'People laugh at you. But they are afraid of your always taking the race card . . . You'll always be a little person that people feel sorry for . . . You cannot believe how much you are disliked. Try and repair it . . . or you'll be back in local news before you know it . . . with no wardrobe people to yell at every day. 'Did [co-host] Nancy [O'Dell] get that, I WANT THAT.' Pathetic. BuhBye . . . And have a great, miserable life. Pat.'" Damn. urlLink How is Pat ever going to become Governor of South Dakota -- a job he secretly covets -- with that cosmic degree of bitchiness going on?

 Entourage versus Entourage: P Diddy v Jesus As I noted in the past, entourages have had a risorgimento . The Corsair would like to compare and contrast two of the more influential entourages in the past, oh, say, two millennia or so, namely: urlLink P Diddy's and urlLink Jesus Christ's . Violence? Both entourages have caused a ruckus at one time or another. urlLink P Diddy's entourage poked NY Times Boldface columnist Joyce Wadler in the ribs . That's pretty roughneck, but JC has P Diddy beat: urlLink Peter, one of the leaders of Christ's entourage, sliced off the ear of Roman soldier Malchus -- and JC healed him ! Cause Jesus is cool. VIPs? JC has got P Diddy beat again. It goes without saying that P Diddy bestrides the earth on CP time, and is it well known that he basically unhooks any velvet rope that bars entry for him and his crew into whatever VIP event. He's old school like that. The velvet rope is not an impediment to having his drink on, fa sure, nah mean ? That's cool: but JC is cooler. Pearly gates? No problem. urlLink JC can get his entourage into the most exclusive club of them all: heaven ! And, finally: Influence? Well, P Diddy's entourage is blazing with bling-bling, up and coming rappers, publicists and beefy former bouncers. But what about the future? What do these guys do after the gravy train dries up? Quite possibly 3 to 5 in Sing Sing. ( Kidding. Can''t you guys take a joke about The Diddy? Sheesh.) Anyhoo: The influence of JCs crew goes as far and wide as sub-saharan Africa, Central and South America and Western civilization, through the urlLink Early desert fathers , through the urlLink scholastic monks of the Medieval era, to the Roman Catholic Church, to the Protestants up to today's Evangelicals. So, The Corsair concludes that Jesus of Nazereth had a cooler entourage than the P, I double D. Respect.

 Esquire Magazine: Sex and Violence urlLink Lloyd Grove's Lowdown , which is really bringing out the competitive edge in the tabloid wars, brings up the subject of Esky, that seemingly innocuous men's magazine that most of the chattering class believe went defunct in the Clinton era: "Comic novelist Christopher Buckley , in a former life the managing editor of Esquire magazine, is not a fan of the current Esquire, edited by David Granger . "'I picked up Esquire not too long ago, and I was just appalled,' Buckley, an old friend of mine and today the editor of Forbes FYI, tells the latest urlLink Doublethink magazine . 'I opened it at random to a sex column, and I won't even quote what was being discussed. It was something out of Sex and the City." "Buckley rages on: 'This was the magazine I started at. It was founded by Arnold Gingrich, edited by Harold Hayes, for which Tom Wolfe and Gay Talese had written their seminal pieces. And it's become a t-t book.'" Well, I have issues with Esky as well, but not because it is becoming a tit book. In the July 2004 edition they have a feature called "Five Minute Guide to Surviving Anything," by James kendall and Anya Strzmien, about how to survive nightmare scenarios. Very alpha male, this feature. And: It is morbid like "all get out." Under Lightning , it says, "Avoid." Gee. Thanks, Esky. Under A Falling Elevator , it says, "Jumping at the last second? Not a chance." Fuck . That was my strategy to a tee. It goes on, depressingly: "Lie flat on your stomach with your mouth open and your head on your hands. This way your spine's off the floor, and when you're rendered unconscious, you'll breathe a bit better. Anything soft you can put underneath your body will be beneficial, but this is going to happen pretty fast." Gee, thanks dude, but something about that "WHEN you're rendered unconscious" statement just strikes me as, well, it strikes me as a tad pessimistic . Can't we change it to, "IF you're rendered unconscious," or something? That would be pleasant. Under the unfortunate category, " A Bullet to the Gut ," they write: "Lie down on your back and elevate your legs about six inches." Now, let's say you get into a little frisson with urlLink the Netas . You get the proverbial "bullet to the gut." It's not a good time for you, you're coming from an angry place just about then. At what point during the massive blood flow and girl-like squeals for help do you find the quiet time to "stop, drop, and do some hatha yoga." They go on, failing to catch the irony: "Use a coat or blanket to keep your body temperature up. Minimize movement. If you can't breathe, sit up slightly, resting your elbows. There's nothing you can do to stop internal bleeding, but if you sit or stand up, gravity's going to make your blood pour right out." The Corsair contemplates the mystery of people who subscribe to Esquire Magazine And, finally, under "An Alligator Attack": "If a big alligator wants you," The Corsair shivers "If a big alligator wants you, it probably won't let go. Hit it in the eyes and nose. When it starts rolling and shaking, that's when your in trouble." What the fuck?! At that point -- the point of "rolling and shaking" in the maws of the beast -- that's when I know I'm in trouble?! As if the moment an alligator started chasing me, It was all Swayze . To paraphrase Dorothy Parker, Christopher Buckley is right, Esquire should not be tossed aside lightly, it should be thrown with great force .

 Jemima and Imran Khan Split Up: Jet Set in Chaos First the death of urlLink Egon Von Furstenberg , now this. Lord, I implore thee (sips from Cutty Sark), spare the jet set any more pain! Jet set poster couple Imran and Jemima Khan have said their goodbyes, urlLink according to Hello! : "British socialite Jemima Khan has split up from her husband, cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , nine years after their 1995 wedding." A translucent tear gently, aristocratically glides down The Corsair's fuzzy cheek, like a sailboat navigating the breakers of the Tyrranean Sea. "A spokesperson for the political party which Imran founded in Pakistan said, 'Imran and Jemima have ended their marriage.' The comment came just two months after Imran quashed rumours that the marriage was in trouble and insisted that Jemima was simply studying in Britain but would be returning to Pakistan after completing her degree." The Corsair lowers his head bangs his keyboard and mouths the words: 'Why'? "Jemima's move back to London from Lahore last year with the couple's two young boys, Suleiman and Qassim , had caused speculation about state of their marriage. "Once back in the UK, she was able to take up her studies again and to renew the kind of social life which she had always enjoyed as the daughter of the late billionaire tycoon James Goldsmith." The Corsair pours himself a stiff double shot of Cutty Sark looking longingly at the screen. "While Imran pursued his political ambitions, he was frequently absent from family life and it was noted that he did not appear for Jemima's 30th birthday earlier this year." The Corsair knocks back the shot lightening fast. "Last month, Imran's former girlfriend Sita White died in Los Angeles at the age of 43, leaving their 12-year-old daughter Tyrian apparently to his care. But it has since emerged that she made a change to her will shortly before her untimely death, specifying that Tyrian should be left in Jemima's custody, not Imran's. "Tyrian had spent her summer holidays with Jemima and the boys in London after the two women struck up an email friendship three years ago. It appears that Sita preferred her daughter not to be brought up in Pakistan." " Non omnia vincit amor, " says the Corsair as he stares distractedly into the sunset.

 Christina Aguilera Hits the Jackpot Christina Aguilera, urlLink according to the 3AM Girls , plans to make some serious scratch overseas doing promotional work. A source tells them: "'Christina doesn't need to do any promotional work as she's probably the hottest singer around right now. She receives dozens of requests each week but turns the majority of them down flat.'" The Corsair sniffs. "Even so, the opportunity to follow stars such as Pierce Brosnan , Sophia Loren , Victoria Beckham ... by opening the Knightsbridge store's summer sale was too good to resist. "'Christina will be receiving ($366,199) for her duties, which include cutting the ribbon, making a welcome speech and attending a VIP breakfast with Harrods executives,' our informer reveals." The Corsair slowly munches unsalted popcorn, fascinated: "'She'll be in London for two days but her official duties will take no more than two hours.' And while ($183,099) an hour to schmooze with Harrods boss urlLink Mohammed Al Fayed may seem good money, Christina still wants more. "'She's requested that a private jet be sent to pick her up from her home in California,' adds our source. "And the diva demands don't stop there. 'She has to stay in a penthouse - she doesn't really care where it is as long as it's five-star quality.' "'Christina has also asked for 10 bottles of room-temperature mineral water, which can be any brand except Evian.'" Below are the other perks XTina requested, and remember: The Cheese must not contain canola oil : -Private jet to and from her home in California. -Luxury penthouse - must be five-star quality. -Personal tour of Harrods store bargains before public are let in. -Ten bottles of room temperature bottled water - any brand except Evian. -Full-fat soy milk and cheese (must not contain canola oil, barley, oats or malt of any kind). -Pottery coffee mugs - not plastic - with a selection of fruit teas. -Platter of organic fresh fruit. -Several bottles of vodka. -Veuve Clicquot champagne - must be non-vintage. -Several bottles of wine of specific grape varieties.

 The Veepstakes Reaches Fever Pitch urlLink TheDrudgereport declares today , joyously, "Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, favors John Edwards for the second slot on the party's presidential ticket, tops sources tell the DRUDGE REPORT. "In recent days, McAuliffe, who initially favored Edwards for the second slot in 2000, has been confiding in associates how the North Carolina senator is the strongest contender to lift Kerry to complete victory in the fall." While this will probably exert mild pressure on the moribund Kerry campaign ( The Corsair yawns) to make a decision, like -- urlLink shnell , we cannot fail to note what the excellent urlLink Page Six reported recently : "WE weren't totally accurate in predicting three months ago that Sen. John Kerry would dump Terry McAuliffe as chairman of the Democratic National Committee. McAuliffe continues to hold the title. But sources say Kerry has installed John Sasso, a loyalist from Boston, as his key man at the DNC. 'No checks are written until Sasso signs off. No decisions are made until Sasso says so,' said one Democrat. 'Terry McAuliffe was told to take it, or take a hike. And he's taking it.' McAuliffe, a multimillionaire from Syracuse, was hand-picked by Bill Clinton and has remained under the influence of Sen. Hillary Clinton. Sasso was a top advisor to Michael Dukakis and then a lobbyist in Beantown. 'He is totally loyal to Kerry,' said our source." So, McAuliffe can only exert mild but not crucial force on the party. As a countervailing force, however, urlLink Hans Nichols of the Hill today reports , "longtime loyalists of Rep. Dick Gephardt (D-Mo.) are whipping up signatures on their own letter to Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.), urging the presumptive Democratic nominee to choose the former minority leader as his vice-presidential candidate. "Drafted in response to a secretive letter by 22 supporters of Sen. John Edwards (D-N.C.), the Gephardt partisans said they wanted to show the Kerry campaign of Gephardt?s deep support among a cross-section of his House colleagues. "Late last week, Reps. Gene Green (D-Texas) and Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) wrote separate letters to the Kerry campaign and then took them to the floor to gather signatures in support of their onetime leader." Fuck . This cannot be good. A Midwest strategy is flawed: labor is not as powerful as it once was -- look at how Kerry and Edwards punked out the labor-supported Dean and Gephardt in Iowa. Labor -- as a political lobby -- is in decline. That having been said, I have to give the edge right now to urlLink Gephardt , who is a good man, but a magnum of chloroform. Just typing his name made me sleepy. And the Kerry campaign is, to borrow from Michiko Kakutani, "sloppy, self-indulgent and eye-crossingly dull." Gephardt is an honest decent man, but he is not the man Kerry needs. Kerry himself is, next to Al Gore, one of the worst Democratic campaigners. he needs a fireball, and Edwards is that fireball. I give the edge to labor darling Gephardt, however, because of the union problems that could proveembarrassingg at the Democratic convention in Boston, as urlLink the Globe says : "It is a scene out of old Boston, old labor, old politics. You can smell the cigar smoke, even though no one is actually smoking one. You can imagine the leg-breaking, even if none actually takes place. It is the kind of old-fashioned, old-style labor politics that turns off young and independent voters. Could the timing be worse? At the very moment the nation is celebrating the memory of a president who stared down labor in the form of air traffic controllers, Democrats are celebrating union thugs? "The stand-off between the Boston Police Patrolmen's Association and the City of Boston is not just a problem for Menino. It is a microcosm of a larger problem for Democrats. It showcases their longstanding genuflection to labor, no matter how bad labor makes the party look." urlLink Gephardt could be a concession to the labor bosses to stand down. Still, urlLink the Veepstakes is hott , especially considering the urlLink new USA Today editorial to axe Cheney in favor of the usual suspects -- Giuliani, Powell and McCain (hot damn, would a McCain Veep candidacy fuck up John Kerry's universe in generalandd the Democratic southwest strategy specifically).

 Corsair Exclusive: The Corsair Interviews New Jersey After several frustrated attempts, we were finally granted this important historical moment. So, without further ado, we proudly present for the first time: a electronic interview with The State of New Jersey: The Corsair : So pleased to meet you. Thank you for talking to me. Buon Giorno. NJ : Yeah, hey, urlLink Bon Jovi to you too, kid. urlLink New Jersey : Were the directions adequate? The Corsair : Quite . You told me to turn at the smokestack. NJ : Right. To get to Jersey, just turn at the smokestack. It's a no brainer. The Corsair : (Awkward silence) So ... how about urlLink the environment ? NJ : (All Aggro) Is that supposed to be a crack? The Corsair : (Frightened) No, no ... don't be so defensive, New Jersey. You have a lot to be proud of. NJ : Damn right I do . Atlantic City. Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown. urlLink Mike Tyson . Princeton. urlLink The Bruce . The Corsair : (Confused) Willis or Springsteen? NJ : --Why I oughta ... The Corsair : Are you going to vote Republican or Democrat this election. Will you leave the blue state category? This is what urlLink political wonks are talking about . NJ : (Proudly) Everyone wants ta know. The Corsair : So? NJ : (Righteously) Let me tell you a little about myself. I have always been in the long shadows of New York. They became the media capitol, and I became the ugly red headed stepchild. It was a callow youth. The Corsair : Shall I play a violin cadenza? NJ : --Why I oughta ...! The Corsair : But you are leaning towards Bush, no? NJ : Regaining composure) Yes, We are. Too long have we been in the shadows of New York. We have had urlLink misfortunes . We are raring for revolt. John Kerry better not take us for granted. The Corsair : Thanks for talking to me. NJ : (Full of New Jersey sarcasm) Sure thing, buttercup.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Republican Scandals . Nipping on the heels of Republican governor Rowland's resignation, like a Spaniel in search of a robust head rubbing, Republican urlLink Senate nominee Jack Ryan of Illinois is reeling from a mini (read: "non") scandal of his own, according to urlLink the Chicago Tribune (link via urlLink Wonkette ): "Republican U.S. Senate nominee Jack Ryan's ex-wife, urlLink TV actress Jeri Ryan , accused him of taking her to sex clubs in New York and Paris, where he tried to coerce her into having sex with him in front of strangers, according to records released Monday from the couple's California divorce file." urlLink Jeri Ryan played Seven of Nine on the Star Trek series, so, if I were a urlLink Machiavellian Dick Morris type, I'd be trying to spin this as a positive for the geek set. Hard to feel sorry for that ass, though, as urlLink Ryan has had operatives stalking his opponent , State Senator Obama, with a digital camera, in search of some scandalous footage. Karmic repercussions are a bitch, no? Fuck : Breaking News: urlLink TheSmokingGun has already posted their divorce papers. Shit, didn't Kierkegaard predict that urlLink the media in a democracy would turn out like this? Out : urlLink Britney Spears . As if it isn't bad enough that she has had knee surgery, her mom ran over a stalkerazzi. Mowed his ass down. Ka-Pow! The Sun reports: "The panic-stricken singer sat in the car screaming and crying after the accident. "Mascara running down her cheeks, she screamed: 'Oh no, oh no. Mom, Mom,' after her mother Lynne, who was driving the hulking motor, ploughed into the photographer." But to urlLink look at the photographs of the incident, the photographer urlLink doesn't really look that hurt . He's kind of lounging. Cold lounging, actually, with only a faint touch of scowl about the lips, he appears to be a man secure in the knowledge that he will soon be a very rich man. In : urlLink Interracial-Interreligious love (link via urlLink Wonkette ). New celebrity couple Richard Gere and Al Sharpton got lost in the oceans of each others eyes. Who needs urlLink alleged billionaire supermodel Cindy Crawford when you've got the Rev. Al, urlLink a saucy leftist Christian preacher ; and Richard's a Tibetan Buddhist, though he used to be urlLink just a gigolo . But "love" conquers all. urlLink You go, guys . Out : According to the soon to be Conde Nast imprint urlLink Kerrang! Magazine (via urlLink Ananova ) -- (averted gaze), Sharon Osbourne is the most important person in rock. The Devil is the second most important in rock, "because the devil has all the best tunes" (But, The Corsair notes, "God gave Rock and roll to everyone". And Justin Hawkins of The Darkness is fourth for 'single-handedly putting the fun back into rock.' Any list including Justin Hawkins is definitely not an inclusion meriting boastfulness. In : Celebrity pregnancy. urlLink People Magazine (link via urlLink Ananova ) is reporting that Liv Tyler and Royston Langdon are preggers. The celebrity fertility trend continues apace. And now, urlLink A Fly on the Wall Blog (link via urlLink Defamer ) hints that Demi might also be knocked up: "Demi Moore has told her agents at CAA that she thinks she's pregnant, according to a Fly spy inside the agency. "Moore recently quit smoking, and reportedly told several friends she had done so because she was trying to have another child. "Demi's boytoy Ashton Kutcher is said to be the father. No word yet if they'll marry to save the child from bastardy." Out : The Madonna ticket strategy, according to perennial Corsair favorite urlLink Michael Musto , "... And here's why the MADONNA, I mean Madge, I mean Esther, concerts supposedly had so many empty seats till the last minute: Flacks hyped it as 'sold out' from day one! You figured, 'Why bother even calling for tickets?' (That's one theory.)" It sounds just about right to me. In : That significant cultural artifact, Star Magazine, urlLink interviews J.O. Batton , "Unlike last season, when (Paris and Nicole) bunked on the Leding family porch, the girls shared a spare bedroom in the cozy home that Batton shares with his 26-year-old son Travis and daughter-in-law Aimee. Everyone shared one bathroom. Cowboy Batten, 57, clearly enjoyed his time with the girls, who even talked him into trying on his chaps with nothing on underneath: 'I'm in pretty good shape,' he says. 'We were discussing my tight buns. They liked 'em.' Here's how J.O. rates his houseguests, from 1 (dreadful) to 10 (dynamite): " 7 STRENGTH "It didn't look like they could lift a 50-pound feed bag." The Corsair softly chuckles " 3 PAIN TOLERANCE "Paris' is very, very low. Nicole didn't do anything to get hurt." " 8 INTELLIGENCE "Neither one of them is dumb. Both are relatively intelligent girls." Yes, and relatively speaking, J.O.'s observations on the life of the mind are, well -- not quite urlLink Seth Benardete material. Check out the urlLink J.O.'s other ratings , relatively speaking, of course. In : urlLink Defamer Sightings : "... Lunching at Orso in walks urlLink Larry King meeting his much younger and urlLink very blonde wife and a random young guy couldn't tell if he was wearing any diapers under his Paper Denim and Cloth jeans which look so out of place on a man in his 70s but hey urlLink I guess he can do whatever he wants . He also looked very very thin. "... Next to his table was urlLink Morgan Fairchild dining with a female friend. Morgan was fully done up with her white blonde hair and pale face makeup she was there for a while she made eye contact with me several times like she was bored with her lunch date and was seeing what everyone else was doing. "... was grocery shopping at pavilions in west hollywood and in front of me in line was e!'s gossip columnist urlLink Ted Casablanca . it looked as though ted-babe had just come from the gym. he was wearing a loose scoop necked tank top baggy shorts. he had grey chest hair and under developed calves. he was buying among other things, tins of cat food, a bag of kitty litter and sensodyne toothpaste which I assume is for him, not his cat." Too funny, but, to be honest, Hollywood doesn't seem as glamorous after reading the urlLink defamer sightings . Then again, that's the purpose. Out : urlLink Al Quaeda , obsessed with degrading the miracle of human life into meat, beheaded the South Korean captive today, urlLink reports the AP : "An Iraqi militant group has beheaded its South Korean hostage, Al-Jazeera television reported Tuesday. "The pan-Arab station said it had received a videotape showing that Kim Sun-il had been executed. "Kim, 33, worked for a South Korean company supplying the U.S. military in Iraq and was abducted last week, according to the South Korean government. "Al-Jazeera, which had not broadcast the tape, said the execution was carried out by the al-Qaida-linked group Monotheism and Jihad." This will be a nightmare for urlLink US-South Korean relations which, recently, have been strained over US military and diplomatic heavy handedness to the neighboring North Korean regime. As urlLink the Christian Science Monitor notes : "... Such ambivalence reflects widespread uncertainty here at a time when the (South Korean) government is pursuing reconciliation with North Korea against pressure from conservatives who see little if any sign of concessions or progress in negotiations. The result is that South Koreans, from student demonstrators to government advisers, send mixed signals that reflect deep disagreement on how to deal with the US alliance as well as North Korea. "'It is a very complex issue,' says Kim Tae Woo. 'The official statements are very simple. They are saying this is due to a global plan and there should be no security vacuum on the Korean peninsula.' "Mr. Kim concedes the validity of that argument but also believes the US decision to scale back here is 'in response to the anti-American movement'" That movement will draw steam from the beheading. Although the United States offered South Korea an $11 billion bribe to "strengthen defenses" against North Korea, the US has downsized troop strength in the DMZ to fortify Iraq and Afghanistan in the War on terror. Watch to see how South Korean internal opinion reacts to this tragic news carefully, dear readers. In : Marc Jacobs , urlLink according to Fashionweekdaily : "Marc Jacobs, firmly in the creative driving seat at Louis Vuitton, will be launching a new jewelry line this fall, inspired by the charm bracelets he created for the last several Vuitton ready-to-wear runway shows. " Yves Carcelle , President of Louis Vuitton, confirmed the news today in Milan. "'We will put a complete line of jewelry on the market by September,' announced Carcelle, who was in town to celebrate the opening of Louis Vuittons shiny new boutique in the citys historic Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II." And be sure to check out urlLink one of my other gigs .

 Dan Rather IS The Anchorman urlLink Dan Rather was categorically unequipped to ask probing psychological questions of the former President mainly because his own subconscious is such a menacing, unprobed void ("What's the frequency, Kenneth," The Corsair shivers). You just know urlLink Oprah will do better on excavating Clinton's psychological urlLink subterranean cairns and all the McNugget sized secrets that lie therein. Plus, Oprah's black , and so will be better able to relate to him. urlLink It's a black thing . Anyhoo : Rather stuck to the sexy but shallow questions, veering slightly, if only for a moment, into Clinton's childhood and briefly into foreign policy initiatives, but always -- always -- returning like a terrier in search of a dog yummy, back to Lewinsky . There was a very funny moment, though, urlLink which Wonkette caught with her jeweler's eye, about Clinton's handshaking skillz (Complicated Handshakes? Come on, in your heart-of-hearts urlLink you know Clinton's black ): "CLINTON: Tony Lake, my National Security Adviser, has a wonderful sense of humor, says, well, I know how to do this. Well, now you be Arafat and I will be you and you try to kiss me. And I'll show you what do ... "RATHER: I'm not sure I want to do this. "CLINTON:So, I shook hands ... and he put his hand like this, in my elbow. And he says, 'If you've got your hand in your elbow, he can't kiss you. "Presumably, the White House staffer who was supposed to teach this trick to interns fell down on the job." This exchange reminded me of one between urlLink Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes and Yassir Arafat (second story from top), who, clearly, gives off some problematic homoerotic vibes to Wallace: "Wallace: Four out of five Palestinians in a recent poll, 83 percent actually, said they believe that the Palestinian Authority is corrupt; that there is money that has been stolen consistently, that your people. I mean, look. Around here, they have money, they have jobs, they have cars. The Palestinians who live out here in Ramallah, where the unemployment is 36 percent, and down in Gaza, where it's 48 percent, they don't live the way that you do. Its a comfortable life for you and your colleagues. "Arafat: Do you want to see my bedroom? "Wallace: Do I wanna see your bedroom? "Arafat: Yes. "Wallace: I, I'm not sure that I understand the invitation." I'm not sure that I want to understand the invitation, or contemplate the visual. Channeling his urlLink inner Ron Burgundy , Dan Rather, ran through urlLink the Tina Brown gauntlet on CNBC afterwards. Tina commented rather sweetly on urlLink Gawker.com's Henry the Intern , who, incidentally, said of the interview: "In a blatant attempt for a slice of '60 Minutes' viewers, Tina milked Dan Rather for a postscript to his hyped interview with Bill Clinton (Old trick: Interview the interviewer when you can't get the interviewee). 'Dan,' she began, 'It's wonderful to be visiting with you. . . How did you find that he's changed?' Rather: 'He's much more within himself, searching for answers about himself.' Tina: 'More interior?' Rather: 'Yes. . . [he's] trying very hard to be insightful about himself.' "It got better. That is, if you wanted to know the dimensions of Bill's biceps. Tina said Clinton followed the South Beach Diet. Rather: 'He's buffed up.' Tina pressed: 'Does he have a gym in that house in Chappaqua?' Rather: 'Yes. . . It's not large, but it's quite complete. . . I counted at least 13 barbells.'" Frankly, Tina got a more incisive interview of Clinton by torturing out editing floor clips from Dan Rather than The Anchorman did in his own sit down with the former President, especially this tidbit: "Rather: The first person (Bill Clinton) talked to after the interview was the Senator from New York." Oprah, Tina, anyone but urlLink Dan Rather, The Anchorman . BTW: Tina will be on vacation in London next week ( urlLink not Quogue, or Venice ). urlLink Arianna Huffington will take her place. urlLink According to Page Six : "... Tina Brown is taking a week off from her CNBC show (Arianna Huffington will fill in) to go to England for a week of parties in honor of her husband Harry Evans, the distinguished editor and author who is being knighted by Queen Elizabeth II." Leave it to the hardest working man in the gossip biz, urlLink the great Richard Johnson , to get a scoop while doing an appearance.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink New Jersey , and who would have thought it? Jersey could actually be forced into play in the 2004 election by a disgusting act of terrorism; it is startling how fragile democracies can be even at the zenith of their power. urlLink Yesterday's NY Times relayed some of the smouldering anger in this usually staid blue state: "There are the flowers and the crosses, the notes and the photographs and all the other signs of sympathy and grieving that one would expect to find at an impromptu shrine devoted to someone murdered in a most cruel fashion. "But one day after graphic photographs of the body of Paul M. Johnson Jr., beheaded by Islamic extremists, were beamed around the world, a new sign appeared in the yard next to the house of Mr. Johnson's sister in Little Egg Harbor Township. "'Last night my heart was filled with love and prayers, but today it is filled with hatred. Last night I was not a racist, but today I feel racism toward Islamic beliefs,' the sign said. 'Last night Islamics had a chance to speak up for Paul Johnson, but today it was too late,' it also said. 'Today Islamics better wake up and start thinking about tomorrow.'" The chilling article urlLink By Jason George and Marc Santora continues: "... Some neighbors did not hide their anger, saying privately that blood should be met with blood." Will this sad, horrible act of terrorism factor into urlLink New Jersey becoming a swing state ? Can the Muslim fundamentalist cast that much influence? Out : urlLink Governor Rowland . Oh, how we will miss urlLink horsewhipping corrupt Connecticut Governor Rowlands . It was urlLink shadenfreude at it's finest . As urlLink the NY Times says : "Gov. John G. Rowland will announce his resignation Monday night, amid a federal corruption investigation and a growing move to impeach him, his lawyer told The Associated Press." Goodbye, urlLink Old Paint . In : urlLink Free Winona . Sure, Winona may have a " urlLink Big Brown Beaver vintage urlLink muff under her skirt that she's hiding from store security (kidding, guys, kidding ). But, according to urlLink British Vogue , "WINONA RYDER has had her sentenced reduced after being convicted of stealing ($9,184) of designer clothes and accessories from Saks Fifth Avenue in 2002." And we can't be happier for urlLink Ms. Horowitz . Out : According to urlLink the most excellent Page Six , Dayanara Torres hasn't yet told her kids that their father is married to another woman: "MARC Anthony's ex-wife, former Miss Universe Dayanara Torres , still hasn't told their children their dad has married serial bride Jennifer Lopez. The two boys don't even know their parents are divorced. 'They don't know much really, because Ryan is just a baby and Christian hasn't noticed,' Torres tells the upcoming issue of Latina. 'Until now, I've just kept Christian away from everything from TV, from pictures.' If J.Lo's latest marriage is anything like her last two, it may be over before her new stepkids ever hear about it." Now, this is especially odd considering what urlLink CNN.com reported earler this month: "Saying his personal life is off-limits, singer Marc Anthony refused to confirm Tuesday whether he's married to Jennifer Lopez." "During an appearance on NBC's 'Today' show, co-host Matt Lauer asked the Latin singer how he'd spent his weekend. "'I see where you're going with this, and I'm going to preface it with just saying -- y'all know I don't talk about my personal life,' Anthony said. "Lauer replied: 'So, I -- do I need to congratulate you?' "'Yeah, I have two albums coming out, man. Absolutely. And I would appreciate it,' the 34-year-old singer said." What the fuck?! Out: Robbie Wiiliams' depression . According to urlLink the 3AM Girls : "He's been battling depression for ages but things seem to be getting even worse for Robbie Williams. "He is now so terrified of being alone that he insists on having a minder sleep at the bottom of his bed every night. "It may sound strange for a man of 30 years, but a worried friend tells us: "Rob just can't seem to stop feeling so down. "'He won't sleep in a room unless there is security there, so some poor chap has to kip on the sofa at the end of his bed.'" They continue: "In fact we're told the only time his bedroom minders get a night off is when Robbie brings back, ahem, lady friends. The source went on: 'Robbie needs constant company. He is surrounded by people who care about him but even they are struggling to pull him out of this depression. "'On the surface he's got it made. He wants for nothing. But no one's ever seen him so unhappy.'" In : The urlLink Ingmar Bergman Film Festival at the Film Forum. You wouldn't know it by my rapier like wit, but I am a big fan of the Big Questions that Ingmar Bergman asks in his films. Big fan. So, I found it particularly amusing to see in Vanessa Grigoriadis' Ethan Hawke story in urlLink this week's New York Magazine , "A person cant drop off his kids at his ex-wifes and go see (Ingmar Bergman's) Fanny and Alexander, he mused." Okay, now I've never thought much of Hawke, but Bergman can make brothers of us all. Out : urlLink Stereogum reader Cara has her own "out" list, taken, I guess, from urlLink last Thursday's Franz Ferdinand concert : "As Mr. Stereogum may be aware, I was none too pleased with the crowd at the Franz Ferdinand show last night. (1) It is NOT OK to sing along to the songs in my ear so loudly that the only music I hear comes from your shrieky and embarrasingly off-key vocals. (2) It is NOT cool to throw up the sign of the beast during "Take Me Out." We are not watching Slayer. (3) It is not OK to dance in my space. First of all, I am not crazy about dancing at concerts at all (despite Franz Ferdinand's comments that they are a dance band). If you must dance during the concert, however, please do it within the confines of the 1 x 1 foot square space you have been allotted. (4) Don't sweat on me." Sweating on Cara? Like school on Saturday, man: no class . In : Gwyneth Paltrow. In the words of urlLink Whatevs.org , "... While she'll never live down Liam's assertion that she's nothing but a gawky bird, I'll be god damned if Gwynnie isn't the cat's pajamas. holla atcha post-preggers hottness!" Word up. Or , as Fashionweekdaily quotes Paltrow in their urlLink quote of the Daily , ""I'm wearing all Marc Jacobs tonight, and I was in the store in the Village the other day buying new boob-forgiving t-shirts--because I now have boobs! I never knew how fun it was to have boobs, and since they're probably temporary, I have to enjoy them while I have them." Out : urlLink Fashionweekdaily also reports: "Kelly Ripa, who just signed a five-year deal with 'Live With Regis and Kelly,' has been given a $45,000 fashion allowance by ABC to indulge her Jimmy Choo weakness ..." We are so playa hating.

 Happy Fourth of July The Corsair loves the slow quiet roar of fireworks on a sultry July night. The picnic in the grass. The celebration of America's victory of Imperial Britain. Happy 4th, true believers, see you back here on Monday the 5th, same bat time, same bat channel. Ron 5/6: I took an extra day off to recharge the batteries, but am back and jumping for joy at Edwards.

 The Veepstakes: Finalists And then there were four, at least according to urlLink The Boston Globe : "John F. Kerry spent yesterday in isolation at his wife's 90-acre suburban farm, working on his convention acceptance speech amid signs that the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee may announce his choice of a running mate here as early as next Tuesday. "Kerry's public campaign schedule has been disclosed only through Monday, the day after he wraps up a Fourth of July bus tour through the Midwest and then flies back to Pittsburgh. His staff has assembled the telephone numbers and schedules next week for potential running mates, said a top adviser to one of the candidates. Kerry has asked a select few of his closest supporters to reserve Tuesday and Wednesday to travel with the campaign, which would allow for a barnstorming tour by the Democratic duo in advance of a gala fund-raiser next Thursday in New York City. "'We're hearing it's going to be Tuesday,' said the adviser, who spoke on the condition that neither he nor his boss be identified. "Speculation has focused on three candidates -- Iowa Governor urlLink Tom Vilsack , US Representative urlLink Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri, and urlLink Senator John Edwards of North Carolina -- but Kerry has limited all concrete information about his search to a tight circle that includes his wife, Teresa Heinz Kerry , and James A. Johnson , the Washington banker heading his search committee. In recent days, Vilsack has been the focus of a media boomlet, but Kerry aides say other candidates including urlLink US Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware and former senator urlLink Sam Nunn of Georgia remain possible choices." Okay, first of all, it will not be Tom Vilsack. You can be sure that when you wake up on Tuesday, the media will not be all Vilsack all the time. Kerry owes Vilsack big time, and that is why he keeps his name on the short list, pumping up his name recognition -- a freebie. If urlLink Vilsack and his wife, Christy , hadn't gone out of their way in endorsing Kerry, he would not have won Iowa and slingshotted (Ka-Pow!) into New Hampshire. Sam Nunn is too dark a choice. Nunn fairly reeks of gunpowder. He would be a fine choice to get moderates and swing voters, but he is way too fucking conservative; his whole life has been around military aircraft and weaponry and the defense industry. Although that may make people sleep soundly in, oh, say, bumfuck Kentucky, this is the Democratic Party we are talking about, a party that will be struggling with Nader votes. And Nunn has been on the head of rather dodgy Boards of Directors, swimming in the trough of special interest backwash. So, while he projects a very "defense industry competent" Dick Cheney-esque vibe, he probably wouldn't even win his own home state Georgia for Kerry. Plus he is boring as watching urlLink a plant produce oxygen . A debate with Dick Cheney (I know, I know, he will declare heart problems in about a month only to be replaced by either McCain, Giuliani or Powell) would induce a deep, deep slumber throughout the nation. And Joe Biden is a very smug guy. He's been in the Senate so long that he has developed an off-putting and rather annoying sense of entitlement. He argues with a smile, but there are daggers in his eye. And it all sounds so phony. His temperament is not equipped for the job. Plus he has the worst comb-over on K Street. Here's what I have said in the past of urlLink the others (I think it goes down to Geph or Edwards): Ever since urlLink NBC News Chief Foreign Affairs Correspondent Andrea Mitchell , a graduate student in power, the wife of Fed Reserve Chief Allan Greenspan , suggested that urlLink Hillary Clinton wants the veep slot , it has been hers to lose. "The problem with Hillary, and there are quite a few, but let me distill the argument against her, is that she doesn't bring much to the ticket and she polarizes her opposition like no one on the radar. Of course, she is also a genuine celebrity beloved like a goddess among African-American, Latino and Asian women. And she's a two-fer: get her and her husband comes along cheap. But Kerry already does well with women; he married a tough one, and that attracts the ladies -- a man unafraid of a strong woman -- like nothing in this world. Women like men who like alpha-women, just look at Bill Clinton's numbers among women even after he cheated. Kerry will win New York. Kerry will win the Northeast ( urlLink although New Jersey, surprisingly, is looking like it is in play , thanks to the charismatically challenged urlLink Governor, McGreevey ). In a sense, Hillary would have been much more useful to the ticket had she run for the Senate seat in Arkansas, where a Southern base would mark her head and shoulders above the sunny and optimistic bright Senator John Edwards , which, quite frankly, she is not. The problem with Hillary is that she was too tepid, she didn't run ; Edwards did -- and thus, among many, he should get the nod, it's his turn ; Edwards took the risk. But mark my words: If Hillary had won a Senate seat in the less tony and prestigious Arkansas, she would already be Kerry's Veep pick, cric crossing the nation, playing the heavy, being the pit bull to Kerry's "Presidential"-toned listening tour. John Edwards : The likely pick. Pro: Electoral College votes; he has em. A bombshell convention speech in Prime time to show off his looks, his charm, his charisma. All about taking back the South. Will Kerry go for the Southern strategy, or the Midwestern (read: Gephardt), that is the question. A player in the party to come. 50-50 Plus, apropos of nothing, Edwards is a Gemini, and a Gemini along with a Sagittarius Kerry, would be spectacular ( okay , now you can discount all my other analysis because I mentioned astrology) urlLink Max Cleland . The Corsair believes that he is the likely choice for a running mate. Pros: From Georgia, brings the South back into the mix ... former Senator ... triple amutee war hero would make a strong veterans campaign with Kerry -- and Vets are likely Republican voters ... Expert on Homeland Security (big plus, as national security is a Republican stronghold) which Bill Clinton in a closed door meeting warned that the nominee must be strong on ... Strong on health care ... Could humiliate chicken hawk Cheney in a debate Cons : Health might be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : it's a fucking long ass sojourn through the country for a Veep, from Labor Day till the election -- can Cleland do it? I think so. Odds on favorite ) urlLink Gary Hart This is not going to happen, but bear with me I just like Hart and want to rant and rave for a bit. Pros : Vast intellect, PhD, Oxford, Political Philosophy ... Wise from his time out in the political wilderness ... Strong in the Southwest ... Devastating debater Cons : Old adultery charge may still stick in the Bible Belt ... May be more useful to the Democratic Party in a Senate bid against the very weak Ben Knighthorse Campbell ( note : Campbell will not seek reelection) ... Possible Secretary of State , a la his hero, Jefferson ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 ) urlLink Bill Richardson He's dropped off the radar screen. Pros: Governor of ultra-crucial New Mexico ... Latino ... former UN Ambassador and urlLink seasoned diplomat would give international cooperation credit points to ticket Cons : None. He's hot like salsa, but I don't see the Southwestern strategy as being tenable as it is quite possible Bush can cockblock Kerry by picking McCain to replace a "heart sick" Cheney. Then Kerry's royally fucked in the Southwest. Too risky. urlLink Wesley Clark Never, ever going to happen. Pros: Longshot, but if he wins big in Oklahoma and the conservative Southwest he could be in the cut ... General would give strong military backing to ticket ... would humiliate chickenhawk Cheney in a debate ... strong with African-Americans Cons : Too closely tied to Bill Clinton, who wants Hillary '08, which may be an issue. ( ed note: Feb 14, 2004 : Wes is bitter as the Clintonistas dumped his ass as soon as he started looking like yesterday's donuts. Could be Sec of Defense in a Kerry White House. An effective military attack dog. Will work well with a Cleland Veep) urlLink Dick Gephardt Pros : Outside of Cleland and Edwards, the most likely running mate ... most popular pol in pivotal swing state Missouri ... would be perfect for a Kerry-Gephardt Northern labor-veterans strategy against a Bush South ... comes with the backing of labor, a Democratic must needs ... A truly good guy who dropped out and endorsed Kerry early: he did the right thing Cons : Wooden on the stump, charismatically challenged (ed note: Feb 14, 2004: this ticket may be too damn Northern top heavy. Could be the greatest and most powerful Sec of Labor in US history in a Kerry White House) So, in the end, Edwards or Geph, I think Edwards, but Max Cleland would be an incredible choice. No blog tomorrow because of work commitments. Sorry.

 Spike Lee Talks ... and Talks Is Spike Lee trying to reignite his urlLink feud with red hot Hollywood director Quentin Tarrantino ? Does he want to start one with Queen Latifa? Who knows; Spike is in rare form though, in this cover feature with The Independent Magazine, in the July/August 2004 issue with cute editor, urlLink Rebecca Carroll : "(Spike) acknowledge that there have been truly independent films being made, although urlLink Pulp Fiction , widely perceived as the film that set the independent renaissance into motion, isn't one of them. Spike Lee: "Was ( Pulp Fiction ) really an independent film? I don't think so." Rebecca Carroll: "Why do you think they wrote ( urlLink Barbershop ) that way? Spike: "The movie made a lot of money. And there is urlLink Barbershop 2 , and Latifah's spinoff, urlLink Beauty Shop . I love Latifah, but that urlLink Bringing Down the House movie she did was bordering on urlLink Aunt Jemima . "... People don't understand that we are still putting on a minstrel show -- half these motherfucking rappers don't know that they are repeating the same history. If somebody came down from space and turned on BET, and looked at black people in music videos, they'd think it was a minstrel show." The Corsair agrees with the always outspoken Spike on the Latifah comment and the BET comment and not much else.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Lorne Manley (link via urlLink Romenesko ). I met Lorne Manley several years ago, during the Dot Com craziness, at the offices of Inside.com. Manley struck me as your typical good natured media addict, as well as a hugely competent writer. Lorne was just named Chief Media Writer at the NY Times. urlLink Gawker speculates on what this may mean for David Carr, and, to be frank, The Corsair is a bit confused as well. Whatever the case, The Corsair offers Manley the warmest congratulations. Out : Restaurateur/ Magazine maven, urlLink John McDonald , according to urlLink Fashionweek Daily ; and, speaking of David Carr : "The New York Times' dogged media-beat cop, urlLink David Carr , has his sights set on a new target: restaurateur/magazine maven, urlLink John McDonald . Insiders say Carr is digging up everything there is to know on the urlLink boyish bar owner , who started out opening proto-hipster Soho hangouts Merc Bar and Canteen, and then branched out to launch City magazine." In : urlLink Fashionweedaily's aggressive coverage of the fashion and media world's continues apace, with this chestnut on Orly Healy's new project: "New York Post fashion editor, urlLink Orla Healy , is penning a tell-all book about life inside a celebrity magazine. The former In Style deputy editor?s book?which we hear has an outline and four chapters completed, but no publisher as of yet?will dish about the total abuse and wantonness of celebrities and their I-rule-the-world ?tudes. Sources close to The Daily say the book will chronicle the demands, idiosyncrasies, and insecurities of many celebrities she worked with as a celebrity editor. When reached for comment, Healy said, 'The funny thing is that I was originally deciding between writing a murder-mystery novel and about working at a celebrity magazine.' She added, 'The book is a giggle; it?s not really meant to be a thesis about the behind-the-scenes in wrangling celebrity covers.'" Out : Leonardo DiCaprio , according to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer ; stunning mannequin urlLink Giselle Bundchen -- she of the studied Sphynx like glare -- wants our favorite urlLink oversexed Scorpio named Leo to urlLink stop fucking other women . Riight (Averted gaze). Like that's going to happen: "The rumored engagement of Leonardo DiCaprio , 29, and supermodel giggle Bndchen , 23, doesn't seem to be slowing down The Aviator star's partying ways. On June 9, DiCaprio hung with actor pal urlLink Lukas Haas at Hollywood's Concorde nightclub, where they invited about a dozen to come to his Hollywood Hills home for a nightcap, an eyewitness says. Two days later, he hit the scene at Prey ( Ed Note : What a meaningful name!), another L.A. hot spot, where he again reportedly hand-picked ladies for a late night get-together around 3 a.m. "However, the next day, he and Bndchen looked like the picture of domestic bliss as they shopped for plants in New York City. A source tells Star that the Brazilian-born model is waiting for DiCaprio to outgrow his party-monster ways." Note to Giselle with the mlauts: Rich, famous, irreligious Scorpio men who are regarded as godlike on the continent of Asia tend stop partying and settle down into monogamous, bourgois behavior when they are, oh, deep into their mid to late 70s. In : Ben Affleck was embarrassed, according to urlLink Matt Damon in B Magazine (link via urlLink Ananova ): "... (Damon) admitted that Ben found it difficult to deal with the pressure of the high profile relationship. "'I really felt for him because if you're on the cover of a magazine, it's generally to promote a movie... He was so embarrassed.'" Out : Washingtonienne is getting urlLink 300 large for her book . We are so jealous, although ... er, we wouldn't want to do quite urlLink what she did to get the gig. I mean, aren't Americans already fucked by the Senate and the House? Why compound a bad situation and make it worse. In : A propos of nothing, I have been reading urlLink St. Augustine's Confessions and while, no, I am not converting to Catholicism and giving up the blog, urlLink this essay , comparing and contrasting the moral schemes of both Augustine and urlLink Nietzsche is really fucking interesting. I've always thought that virtually every question of morality down the line, from citizenship to the meaning of power, lies somewhere in between the philosophies of Nietzsche and Augustine, one who just touched the Middle Ages, and the other who caressed the Postmodern (we really must come up with a less self-consciously ironic name for Our Age, how about, after Einstein, the Age of Relativity). Forgive me for being the eternal college student, I just turned 33 and The Big Questions are assaulting me, big time; you'll understand when you turn 33.

 On The Declining Influence of the Political Conventions "Our next task is to study coming-to-be and passing-away. We are to distinguish the causes, and to state the definitions, of these processes considered in general-as changes predicable uniformly of all the things that come-to-be and pass-away by nature." Aristotle, urlLink On Generation and Corruption From Niccolo's Smile, by Professor Maurizio Viroli, "Machiavelli's Discorsi Sopra la Prima Deca Di Tiudo Livio, III, 6: it concerns Caterina Sforza Riario , a great beauty of her day and a woman Machiavelli thought of fondly, '(Some conspirators) killed Count Giordano, their lord, and took his wife and small children. Since they did not see how they could be secure if they did not become masters of the fortress, and the castellan were not willing to cede it to them, Madonna Caterina (so the Countess was called) promised the conspirators that if they let her enter it, she would deliver it over to them and they could keep the children with them as hostages. With this pledge they let her enter. As soon as she was within, she stood on the walls and berated them for the death of her husband and threatened them with every kind of revenge. And to show that she did not worry about her children, she showed them her genitals, saying she still had the means to make more of them.'" As the television news division increasingly morphs into entertainment division (and anyone who reads this blog knows that I don't necessarily think that that is a bad thing), the political convention is becoming an endangered species of sorts. And that is unfortunate. According to the policy wonk bible, urlLink The Hill , and it's intrepid reporter, Geoff Earle: "The major TV networks are planning to cut coverage at the political conventions, ignoring major speeches early in the week. "The Republican and Democratic parties hope to nudge the networks into more live coverage, but broadcasters have concluded that there will be little news to report." Frankly, this comes as sad news for all involved. As a child I can still remember the urlLink Dukakis nominating convention, where Jesse Jackson and The Duke fought it out for a surprisingly long time. the Puerto Rico delegation abstained, hoping to get around antagonizing the useful Jackson, while another state gave Duke the Democratic Party nod. Then Duke came out, looking rather constipated, in sockless shoes to affect a preppy nonchalance; sitting with his wife, benevolently accepting the favor of the Party's nod. Such was my geeky but effervescently happy childhood, bathed in High Politics and pop culture, with dashes of an as yet unevolved sense of the ancient, that I can remember such arcana as the fact that The Duke wore no socks. But, now that hallmark of our government, the party convention, is going the way of the Dodo, or at least, CSpan, which, in effect, means a significant drop off a) to those who do not have cable, and b) those who are simply not even aware that a CSpan exists, it is not on their narrow media-deprived radar screen: "'We know we're going to cover the nomination and the [nominee's] speech,' said one network's spokeswoman, but 'we're not sure about the first two days.' "Previously, networks covered each day of the convention." That's right; every snooze inducing day, every ambitious backwater Governor's speech, all -- everything in prime time. This will be a momentous sea change, heralding the inevitable day when there is no such thing as a news division anymore, only an entertainment division, which, alas, would push the big stories -- the party conventions -- into the C-Span ghetto, and, in so doing, deprive the next generation of political geeks like me, the child being born now, a solid political education. "Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) and President Bush have already locked up their nominations, so the networks don't feel obliged to cover the four-day windup to their acceptance speeches. "'They are very tightly choreographed events,' said the spokeswoman. 'There is virtually no news that is made at the conventions any more.'" No hard news, correct, and tightly choreographed, also yes, but many, many great American moments arise from these conventions: Bill Clinton's longwinded speech at the '88 convention. It was so boring and overdone that when Clinton said, "In conclusion ..." the whole hall erupted in cheers. Who could have fucking predicted that this backwater Machiavel would come back, using the momentum of being a punchline, into the Presidency? Priceless . urlLink Pat Buchanan's fire and brimstone speech, exposing the reptilian underbelly of the paleoconservative America First movement that emerged from the ashes of The Cold War. The speech that sunk urlLink the last WWII generation president . John F Kennedy Junior entered public life speaking at the Convention in Atlanta in '88, so young, so fresh faces, and now, alas, forever lost to the us, a possible future President. "Sources say each networks will likely reduce coverage from four years ago, even though coverage in 2000 already was scaled back from historic levels. Networks could provide as little as an hour of live coverage on the penultimate nights (Wednesdays), with perhaps two hours for the Thursday finale. "This is a significant challenge for candidates. Kerry must use the convention to define himself before a national audience, presenting his carefully packaged image as a veteran and a leader, and overcome characterizations in Bush's TV ads that he is a flip-flopper, observers say. "Bush, whose approval ratings dropped to 48 percent in the latest Gallup poll, needs his convention to reestablish his credentials on terrorism, security, and the economy, and counteract any post-convention 'bounce' by Kerry. Harry Truman is the only president to win reelection despite a June approval rating below 50 percent. "Democrats and Republicans will continue talks with the networks this week and plead for more coverage." That's kind of sad, the idea of political candidates begging the network heads for coverage. But Geoff is right in looking at the strategic options that this historic event effects. The term "Convention Bounce" is a part of any political scientists working vocabulary, it is considered urlLink sine qua non of any effective Presidential election strategy. The loss of gavel to gavel election coverage will undercut the strength of any bounce. urlLink Trajectiories must be recalculated , on both sides: "'We are gathering information, talking to the networks,' said Peggy Wilhide, communications director for the Democratic convention in Boston. 'The final decisions rest with them as to how much they will cover. We?re trying to make it as attractive as possible ...'" "But Democrats are already turning elsewhere: 'We have done a lot of outreach to non-traditional [media] outside of the traditional big five,' said Wilhide. "Black Entertainment Television will be broadcasting nightly from Boston's Fleet Center. The Spanish language Univision will have a correspondent there. MTV, Comedy Central and ESPN will also be producing convention shows. "The cable political network C-SPAN plans gavel-to-gavel coverage from the convention floor, as it has in the past. The Fox News Channel, CNN and MSNBC, and Internet coverage can fill some of the void left by the withdrawing networks. The proliferation of media has given the networks an excuse to scale back coverage, observers add." Perhaps the era of the dinosaur network is ending, and the politically astute viewer will have to be more nimble with his remote control finger to get the coverage that he or she needs to get the information to make the right choice come Election Day. "Don Ritchie, associate Senate historian, said: 'The major networks ... make more money when they have comedies and Law and Order on than when they have politics on. That's the sad part of it.'" Very, very sad indeed.

 Spike Lee Likes Strippers While his pretty but kind of mean-looking wife urlLink Tonya is hard at work promoting her new book, urlLink The Gotham Diaries , Spike Lee is causing anarchy in the UK, promoting his new movie ... and seeing strippers with a galpal ! According to urlLink the 3 AM Girls : "... The supposedly happily married father of two splashed out hundreds of pounds on dancers. He was accompanied by a woman bearing an uncanny resemblance to his wife Tonya, who we're assured was back home in New York. "The 47-year-old American maker of hit films such as Do The Right Thing and Malcolm X , who married lawyer Tonya in 1993, turned up at urlLink Spearmint Rhino in Tottenham Court Road. "He had spent the day promoting his forthcoming movie She Hate Me . But rather than unwind by indulging in some of the culture the capital has to offer, he decided he'd have more fun at a strip club. "His new film, which is due out in the autumn and stars urlLink Woody Harrelson and urlLink Monica Bellucci , tells the story of a sacked executive who turns to impregnating lesbians to make money. "The tagline for the film is 'one heterosexual male, 18 lesbians, his fee $10,000 each.' "We can only assume he was doing a little extra research." Th e Corsair takes out his urlLink antique opera glasses with the mother of pearl handle and reviews the spectacle. "Onlookers tell us his friend was so appreciative of the dancers she was warned by security staff for breaking the club's no touching rule and told that if she did it again she would be thrown out. "An eyewitness tells us: 'Spike and his companion must have spent about ($360) on dances and there were two girls who they seemed to prefer. "'The girl who was with Spike was particularly interested in a stunning mixed-race girl who looked very similar to her and when the girl was dancing she seemed rivetted." The Corsair sips the urlLink black wine of Cahors, elixir of Popes . "'Later on she went over to the dancer and it looked like she was going to give her a peck on the cheek and thank her for the dances. "'But she seemed to slip and as a result it looked like she'd tried to kiss her and ended up smudging the dancer's make-up. They weren't being threatening in any way, they were just having fun. It was weird to see Spike though. "'I would have thought he'd prefer to indulge in far more cultural pursuits, but you never can tell, can you? I doubt he'll be back in a hurry.'" "Spike initially tried to deny the story, telling his publicist it was complete 'poppycock' ... "But later his spokeswoman admitted to us: 'Spike went to the club by himself and he left by himself. "'That is his only comment on the matter.'" So, who is this mystery woman who looks like his wife?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink The La.com blog has this little chestnut: "That sexy, offbeat couple that hooked up on a cult-y TV show have been joining fellow Angelinos in that favorite weekend sport: hitting open houses. Friends and star-watchers in the know have interpreted this extracurricular behavior as a sign that a sometimes bouncy relationship may be moving toward the settling-down stage, to be followed by the raising of pretty, spoiled, therapy-bound rugrats. But that's definitely not the whole enchilada. These quirky lovebirds are just trying to spice up their relationship--they're such a pair of thrill-junkies, they've become addicted to pulling stunts like having quick sex in out-of-the-way rooms, guest houses and even attics of homes for sale, all the while fearing/hoping they will get busted. And recently, they got their wish. More than a few high-end realtors and home sellers are tricking out their prized properties with security cameras, in hopes of catching thieves and scammers who have been hitting open houses lately. But when our two lovebirds got caught on camera doing some oral gymnastics in an upstairs children?&#146;s bathroom, they were asked by the real estate agents to vacate the premises pronto. How long before that tape turns up on the web?" Anyone wanna urlLink guess ? The board is saying The OC power couple urlLink Adam Brody and Rachel Bilson , who, as it happens (The Corsair smiles), have very publicly been shopping for houses. Just how public is what Enquiring minds want to know. Out : urlLink Vice President Hillary ? Matt Drudge is so bad on accuracy, so wide of the mark in execution, and so often off in pitch, that he once, rather famously, predicted that urlLink Disney was going to buy Apple Computer ( The Corsair softly chuckles). And there's no accounting for the scurrilous urlLink Kerry intern piece he hustled. Well, now he does himself one better, predicting that Hillary Clinton -- the Senator from a state he already has in the bag -- will be his Veep running mate: "Official Washington and the entire press corps will be rocked when Hillary Rodham Clinton is picked as Kerry's VP and a massive love fest will begin! "So predicts a top Washington insider, who spoke to the DRUDGE REPORT on condition he not be named. "'All the signs point in her direction,' said the insider, one of the most influential and well-placed in the nation's capital. 'It is the solution to every Kerry problem.' "'There are three issues that this campaign will be decided on-- national security, health care, and the economy, not necessarily in that order.' "'Kerry believes that no one is better on national security than he is, he served in Vietnam after all, so he has that covered and the suggestion that he needs to strengthen the ticket with someone who has national security credentials is dismissed as foolish.'" In : NY Post cutie urlLink Elisa Lipsky-Karasz's new gossip column iswonderful. Herr most recent column let us know that Paul Burrell, the man P Diddy wants to replace Farnsworth Bentley, Diana's rock, wore an $18,000 diamond earring that shocked the WASPs. And that Karen O is dating Spike Jonze, "meanwhile she's still shacking up with her former boyfriend, rocker Angus Andrew." But the best scoop was this one: " urlLink Al Sharpton's wife, urlLink Kathy , was caught hoarding the free shoes from the storage closet at Kimora Lee Simmons' Diva shoe party. 'But I need shoes for my babies!' she told the shocked staff when they accosted her." Out : Publicists : Do not lie to Page Six , people. They will catch you and make a Fourth of Julybarbecuee out of your lying ass. For the past two days and running the Sixers have been humiliating smarmy, lyingpublicistss; a veritable Bonfire of the Vanities has been going on. Today, urlLink Damon Dash's publicist, Amanda Silverman of PMK/HBH got a beating. And yesterday, urlLink Barbara Hutson , of the ironically titled p.r. company Truth Be Told Inc., was busted on lying. Just tell the truth when the Sixers come calling. In : Christian Slater . He's like the newBritanyy Murphy, his antics are so crazy. According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer , Slater visited a, uhm, urlLink femme de la nuit : "... the young woman says at first she didn't recognize the actor when he walked into the London brothel at 3 a.m. "He was wearing scruffy jeans and a crumpled shirt. "It was only after the Hollywood hunk picked her out that, she said, a security guy told her who her famous 'john' was. Soon they were in his fourth-floor suite at one of London's fanciest hotels, she claims. "Right off the bat, Slater told her that he is married to TV producer urlLink Ryan Haddon and has two kids, she says. "'He came across as really nice' said the woman, who may be the world's most starstruck prostitute. "'I was puzzled when he told me about his family, but I guess he was just being honest. He was very experienced and knew exactly what to do.'" Crazy. Out : urlLink Naomi Campbell brings out the beast in men ( The Corsair howls at the moon). According to British Vogue, things got rather dodgy in urlLink the mysterious land of Sardinia : "NAOMI CAMPBELL had to be rescued by police yesterday when a crowd of about 4,000 men overwhelmed security guards as she filmed her latest ad on a beach in Sardinia. Desperate to catch a glimpse of the British supermodel in her bikini, the crowd ignored the metal barriers which had been erected around the Cala Cipolla beach, near Cagliari, for the filming of a new ad for TIM mobile phone operators. According to Italian news agency Ansa, the sight of a scantily-clad Naomi, carrying a phone and flanked by an enormous black dog, was too much for her Italian fans to ignore."

 Cheesecake at Abu Graib? From the August 2004 issue of Vibe, an cover feature story on The Diddy by Lola Ogunnaike: "Tucked away in the back seat of his chauffer driven SUV, three days before he makes public his decision to dismantle Bad Boy's Da Band, Diddy launches into a passionate diatribe about work ethic and the group's lack thereof. Borrowing a line from Raisin (In The Sun) , he diagnoses urlLink Dylan -- the groups resident rebel -- with 'acute ghettoitis' "'He has a self-destruct button and doesn't take life seriously. So many young men and women don't take life seriously and don't decide to get off the corner until they're around 35, talking about you want to own a record company or open up a store,' says Diddy.'You wanted to spend 10 years hanging on the corner, smoking blunts, sleeping all day, and when it's time to get serious at 35 you wanna look at the other cats that's hustled since they was 16 and be mad at them?' "Standing tall on his soapbox, an amped Diddy continues. Da Band's initial refusal to walk from Manhattan to Brooklyn to fetch him cheesecake comes to mind. 'If I were them, I would go get cheesecake right now, butt naked with some razor-blade strippers on, sliding through an alcohol pond." Tell us how you really feel, Diddy.

 Happy Birthday Allegra Beck Versace Composed in Honor of urlLink Allegra's (link via urlLink Gawker ) 18th Birthday, to the tune of 80s wondergroup urlLink Toto's hit song Rosanna : "All I wanna do when I wake up in the morning is see to your cash/ Allegra, Allegra/ I never thought that a girl like you would ever turn 18/ Allegra "All I wanna do in the middle of the evening is to hold your cash/ Allegra, Allegra/ I didn't know you were inheriting more than I could ever spend/ "Not quite a year since she turned 18, Allegra, yeah/ No prenup and I have to say/ "Meet you all the way, meet you all the way, Allegra/ Meet you all the way, meet you all the way, Allegra/"

 48 Hours with Christina Aguilera "We may affirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion." urlLink Hegel's Philosophy of History Odd how reality works it's way out. Simultaneous to Britney's career implosion, Christina Aguilera's career has come into it's own, gently, elegantly, birthed from the titanic struggle between the thesis of "What a Girl Wants," and the antithesis of "I Am Beautiful". Synthesis : the new, fashion darling, XTina, queen of the catwalk, celebrity endorser. Who would have guessed at that turn of events? Aguilera was the less pretty, less popular, more skanky of the two, only three years ago, but, it appears, with the fullness of time, she has won the diva-stakes; now it is Britney allegedly engaged to a man she allegedly stole from urlLink a woman who is having his second child . I wouldn't really be surprised to see XTina on vacation urlLink in Corsica , checking out the ruins of Crusader castles. Okay , maybe I'm pushing the elegance thing, but you get the point. Christina Aguilera , urlLink according to British Vogue , who just decamped the private jet, urlLink mirabile dictu , this morning -- supplied, so generously by Mohamed Al-Fayed -- after receiving urlLink a whopping $366,000 for appearing at Harrod's. urlLink British Vogue writes : "... The 23-year-old singer took to the catwalk for urlLink DSquared2's spring/summer 2005 show in Milan this morning - the day after opening the Harrod's sale in London. Aguilera first met the label's twins, Dean and Dan Caten, when they designed costumes for her world tour last year. Now she has returned the favour by endorsing their latest collection." Before attending the DSquared2 event, the urlLink 3 AM Girls caught up with XTina at Harrod's: "The 23-year-old - who looked stunning in a ($5,421) white Carlos Miele dress - arrived to open the sale in a horse-drawn carriage and was a little disturbed by some of the fillies' bodily functions. "'It's so gross they way they just do that all over the street,' the tiny singer sniggered. "'I can't believe somebody has to clean that up. Maybe they store it and throw it at people they don't like!'" The Corsair can almost imagine urlLink Amy Poehler doing that impersonation. "Chrissy recovered from her giggling fit just in time to greet the hundreds of screaming fans that lined the street. "'It's so cool that they're here,' she said. 'Although the noise isn't helping my head!' "Despite the 6am start, Christina had spent the previous night partying in London's Rouge bar and, like her favourite showbiz columnists, got in at 3am. "'It was a great night but I'm paying for it now,' she laughed. "After flexing her plastic on a deluxe Scrabble set ('I'll take on anyone at Scrabble! I'm the champ!'), five designer bags and seven hats, Chrissy decided the best cure for her aching head was a hair of the dog - and headed for the pet department. "There, she found a love object to make boyfriend Jordan Bratman , 27, jealous - a bichon frise puppy called Lucy. "'Don't you think she's gorgeous?' she asked (3AM reporter) Caroline. 'I really want to take her home with me. I'll have to see if they can sort it out. "'She'll be great company when Jordan's not around. We're not engaged but we are very happy.' "And while her flunkies tried to arrange a pet passport, Christina - who flew in on one of flamboyant store owner Mohamed Al Fayed's private jets - headed for the lingerie department. "'I usually only wear Agent Provocateur but the John Galliano collection here is fabulous,' she gushed, before notching up a ($10,837) bill on sexy smalls. "Looks like Jordan's got a treat in store ..." The Corsair contemplates the treats ... " ... Thirty-four bras and matching knickers," The Corsair shouts, angrily, "Who you calling a ... oh, you said knickers --oh, hahaha --I thought you said ..." " ... 12 corsets and 10 suspender belts from John Galliano's collection for Christian Dior - ($10,837) "Deluxe Scrabble set - ($63) "Three Jimmy Choo bags - ($2,167) "Five Philip Treacy hats - ($1,806) She even stopped to chat with urlLink Hello !: "... the Dirrty singer, who has reinvented herself as a classic screen siren, says we can expect to see more of her sophisticated new persona. "'I am going to explore the music and art of the 1920s, '30s and '40s which will be an image change,' she said. 'It's that whole world of glamour and stars like Marlene Dietrich and Marilyn Monroe.' "Once she had greeting the hundreds of fans who turned out to see her, the 23-year-old headed inside to check out the bargains. 'I love a spree,' admitted the chanteuse. 'Shopping is definitely one of my vices.'" urlLink It's a hard knock life ...

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Paris is buying her own adult tape (link via urlLink defamer ). How cute. How ( The Corsair makes vaguely sarcastic quotation marks in the mid-air) ... how ... "meta." Out : urlLink Scarlett Johansson , the woman who had urlLink "relations" on Oscar night with Benicio del Toro at the Chateau Marmont, will take the place of the super sexy full bodied Kate Winslet ( The Corsair groans) in the next BBC financed Woody Allen flic, according to urlLink Ananova (via Empire): "Empire says Johansson has added the film - the first Allen film to be shot in London - to an already punishing schedule that includes Mission: Impossible 3, The Black Dahlia and a voiceover in The Spongebob Squarepants Movie. "Winslet pulled out of the film last week, three weeks before filming was due to begin, saying she needed more time with her family. "The unnamed film also stars Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Brian Cox and Emily Mortimer, but details of the plot are not known." In : Michael Musto's Brilliant urlLink Confessions of a Soundbyte Whore (link via urlLink Gawker ), bound to be torn out and laminated by young, ambitious twenty and thirtysomethings everywhere. A spicy tidbit: "Don't expect much honesty in live TV, where priorities are constantly shifted and you get constantly shafted. CNBC once booked me to talk about JANET JACKSON's nipple, but they neglected to tell me that I'd be debating a family values harridan who felt her kids were permanently tit-scarred. (At least I got to use my big line five times: 'Can I get a word in edgewise, be-yotch?') Worse, a Geraldo producer said I'd lead off a show, but I actually didn't get on until the very end, at which point I got to say one sentence. (But what a sentence! 'MARTHA STEWART is very . . . ') And MSNBC booked me, but specified that they'd be spending the rest of the day looking for someone better?I mean more appropriate! Well, I guess that was honest because sure enough, they found that person and offered me a lovely rain check?as opposed to a lovely paycheck. Moral: There's no dignity in the sideshow." Out : According to something called urlLink The Razz of the Daily Record of the UK, P Diddy -- I kid you not -- is trying to hire Princess Di's manservant urlLink Paul Burrell : "PUFF DADDY is said to be desperate to hire Princess Diana's former assistant, urlLink Paul Burrell , as his new aide. "The hip-hop star's former assistant, urlLink Farnsworth Bentley , recently quit to become a rap star and style guru and Puff wants to replace him with Paul. "The man, who Princess Diana dubbed her 'rock', has already turned the singer down once already but Puff is said to be still determined to hire him." I couldn't make this shit up if I tried, true believer. In : Celebrity divorce. Like some cosmic countervailing force against the celebrity knock up fad, urlLink Vanessa Williams and Rick Fox broke up . To make things worse, urlLink they've got pictures of him cheating (link via urlLink defamer ). travelingng man alpha male basketball player cheat on his wife? Nooo ! Damn, the world wide web is tangled. And though it isn't her fault: Doesn't it always seem as if Vanessa Williams is divorcing and/or marrying someone? Out : A hott 23 year old teacher and Christina Aguilera look-alike had "relations" with her 14-year old student in the back of an SUV while his 15 year old cousin drove ... and watched, according to urlLink the Smokinggun : "Meet Debra Lafave . The 23-year-old Florida teacher is facing a host of felony charges for allegedly having sex with a 14-year-old male student. According to investigators, Lafave met the boy at Greco Middle School--where she taught reading--and had sex with him in her classroom, Isuzu SUV, and Tampa-area home. A probable cause affidavit prepared by the Marion County Sheriff's Office details Lafave's alleged involvement with the boy, who was interviewed by cops (as was his cousin, who was present for two of the auto encounters). According to the affidavit--portions of which were redacted by investigators--Lafave told the boy that she was "turned on by the fact that having sexual relations with him was not allowed." Since the incidents occurred in different jurisdictions, Lafave has been named in two separate criminal complaints. As such, she has posed for two booking photos: the below left mug shot was snapped at the Marion County lockup, while the picture at right was taken by Hillsborough County sheriff's deputies." The Corsair would like to say something devilishly witty here, but he will refrain. In : To paraphrase Billy Idol, it's a nice day for urlLink a white (trash) wedding . The guys at the La.com blog cater the impending nuptials of Britney and Kevin Federline. So urlLink brilliant .

 A Night At The Bijou How about that urlLink Bijou Phillips . It's like 1995 again and Bijou is on a rampage. A rampage , my friend. Methinks that when Papa Phillips named his cute offspring Bijou, he never foresaw the shenanigans that plague LA today. According to urlLink Page Six , urlLink Playboy Playmate Nicole Lenz has filed a $1 million lawsuit against Bijou and urlLink Johnson and Johnson heiress Casey Johnson . But, as you can imagine, most of the rough and tumble comes from the very punchy Bijou, with a very special guest cameo by urlLink Matthew Perry of Friends: "As PAGE SIX first reported, Lenz obtained a restraining order against Phillips and Johnson after they confronted her at L.A. club XES on June 6, where Phillips attacked Lenz, punching her and dragging her 'across the room' by her ponytail, according to the suit. Lenz claims the actress was eventually pulled off her by urlLink Matthew Perry of 'Friends' and thrown out by security. "The next afternoon, Lenz says she was again menaced by Phillips when they ran into each other at a charity event in Pacific Palisades. 'Shortly after plaintiff arrived, Phillips proceeded to yell obscenities at her and loudly called plaintiff a whore, a prostitute, a thief and other derogatory terms,' according to the suit. "The suit also claims that the Los Angeles Police Department, after searching Lenz's apartment and interviewing her 'several times,' does not consider her a suspect in the alleged burglary of Johnson's jewelry. "The accusations that Lenz stole Johnson's jewels have 'greatly damaged her present and future earning potential as a professional model and actress,' the suit says. "Attached to the court filing is a PAGE SIX item detailing Phillips' history of violent behavior, including cutting off the tip of a friend's finger with a cigar cutter, stabbing another friend in the leg and slamming a socialite to the ground at a nightclub." About that cigar-finger incident, Bijou was interviewed for urlLink Index Magazine by Bruce LaBruce : "BRUCE: Celebrity Sleuth once mentioned an urban myth about you cutting off some guy's little finger in a cigar cutter? "BIJOU: Look, some jerk was coming on to me all night, grabbing my ass while I was dancing with my friends. "BRUCE: Where was it? "BIJOU: At Spy. We were all smoking cigars, and there was a cigar cutter. I dared my friends to put their fingers in it, and they're like, 'Yeah, Bijou. Whatever. Go away.' And then I saw that jerk who was bothering me, and I thought, 'Oh, that guy, he'll do it.' So I said, 'I dare you to stick your finger in there.' And he goes, 'Well what does it do?' I mean, if he's dumb enough to stick his finger in the fucking cigar cutter in the first place, then he deserves a little nick. I gave him a little nick and that was it. "BRUCE: And there was blood, no doubt. "BIJOU: He was bleeding for a minute, he grabbed some napkins and wrapped them around his finger. Then he came over and asked for my phone number. He said I owed him dinner. "BRUCE: So how does that turn into an urban legend? "BIJOU: Because a lot of people were there that night, like Leo and all those guys saw it. Everyone was like, 'She cut the fuckin' finger off, man, the finger was on the floor, she picked it up, it was horrible. I don't know, dude, she's fuckin' nuts. Fuckin' nuts.' "BRUCE: [laughing] That makes a better story than if you'd actually done it. "BIJOU: I was so young. I'd grown up with a family that was just a bunch of fucking junkies so I didn't have any manners or life skills." Manners and life skills are so important when you're dragging a Playboy Playmate by her ponytail across the room at EXS.

 Mary Kate: Not Anorexia ... (Sotto Voce) "Rehab" urlLink Gawker first reported last week that Mary Kate Olsen may not be in a clinic for anorexia, and now, I suppose, with the urlLink revelations of Star , it is official: Mary Kate Olsen is in rehab: "Star magazine reveals that Mary-Kate Olsen- who along with twin sister Ashley, form a multi-millionaire power duo-is being treated for a cocaine addiction in an exclusive facility in Utah. "Mary-Kate is currently residing at the exclusive urlLink Cirque Lodge in Utah, which is known for its scenic mountain views and a new-age, intensive-therapy approach to treating drug addiction. She was checked in by her father Dave Olsen on June 11, and spent her 18th birthday there by herself on June 13. "The recommended 30-day program costs $29,850, and patients are free to come and go as they please, if their counselor agrees to give them a pass. "The facility's website says it treats eating disorders in addition to drug and alcohol addictions. As it's been widely reported, Mary-Kate is also battling anorexia." When are we going to just outlaw child stars? In The Corsair's perfect world, no on under the age of, say 15 would be allowed to become a professional actor, and if a director needed to cast a child he would have to use his own kid, or make a case to a court for why the child is needed and how he/she would look out for their welfare. Exposing kids to Hollywood ... it's just wrong. Okay, The Corsair is not going to moralize any longer. ( The Corsair takes a deep breath of fresh air) Just needed to get that out.

 Donna Brazile on LA Justice and The Secret Service In the urlLink June/July 2004 Index Magazine : " Elana Berkowitz : Even as Al Gore's campaign manager, you experienced incidents of discrimination? urlLink Donna Brazile : On the campaign trail every staff person was given an identification pin to wear. But instead of looking at my pin, the Secret Service men tended to look at my black skin and say, 'Where are you going?' I'm like, 'Uh ... I work for Al gore.' One time in particular, when we were in Los Angeles for a big televised Presidential debate, I arrived at Al Gore's hotel from Washington State just as he was leaving for rehearsal. I knew that the elevator would be filled up, so I thought I'd just go down the stairs. Little did I know that the Secret Service and the Los Angeles police were in the stairwell trying to secure the building. Girl, they drew guns on me and threw them in my face. My pin, my ID, nothing worked. I'm sure it was my black skin, because every other credential said who I was. They finally released me once Gore had left the building. That was probably one of the only times aside from urlLink November 7, 2000 that I cried."

 Diana: In Pursuit of Love urlLink Hello! Magazine excepts from the new book Diana: In Search of Love , and it gives us some really amazing inside scoop: "It seems that for a time, the Queen (of England) took to singing hymns unaccompanied after dinner was over. The Princess (Di) did not know whether to sing along, start clapping or remain silent." And: "The Princess, at urlLink Balmoral (Castle) rummaged through her husband's briefcase and came across a cache of letters. In doing this she exposed herself to the cold and conclusive realization -- that another woman was in love with her husband, and that love was clearly returned." The Corsair slowly deposits himself into his favorite plush chair, sips at a glass of aged champagne and continues: "The letters -- and a couple of saucy postcards -- which (the author) was shown were from urlLink Camilla Parker Bowles . As Diana read the passionate letters it was quite evident to her that Camilla, who called Charles 'My most precious darling,' was a woman whose love remained undimmed in spite of the passage of time. "The tone of the letters was adoring. I recall the lengths to which Camilla went to contact Charles, on one occasion writing to him while secreted in the lavaratory on the urlLink Queen Mother's 91st birthday. 'I just hate not being able to tell you how much I love you,' she wrote. "The notes, on headed writing paper, continued, saying how much she longed to be with him and she was his forever. (The author) particularly remembers one vivid passage that read: 'My heart and my body both ache for you.' "She apologized for breaking into gibberish during a secret phone call with prince Charles, blaming her husband in a memorable turn of phrase: 'the erstwhile silver stick appeared through the door looking like a furious stoat -- pity they did not stuff him.' It was a sentence that struck on (the author's) mind because urlLink Brigadier Parker Bowles had once held the ceremonial post of 'silver stick in waiting' to the Queen. "I recall she went on to proclaim her undying affection for Prince Charles with phrases like 'I yearn to be with you night and day, to hug, comfort and love you.' She reminisced about a 'magical night' at a friend's country house. 'I dread the acting part,' she wrote, referring to a forthcoming lunch when she, husband in tow, was to join Prince Charles. "As Diana absorbed the depth of her rivals love she was also able to see the extent of the duplicity that her husband and her lover connived in. Camilla carefully outlined dates and places where she was available to see him. It must have been horrible for Diana to realize that the venues where Mrs. Parker Bowles might meet Charles included the homes of people she called her friends. "Just as shocking to Diana must have been the letter which referred personally to her. Camilla advised Charles to erase any thoughts of guilt about their relationship from his mind and rise above what she termed 'the onslaughts of that ridiculous creature' -- clearly a reference to Diana" urlLink Hello! Magazine

 On Topic A With Arianna Huffington and the Adorable Theo Spielberg urlLink Henry the Intern , as usual, puts us to shame with his trenchant analysis of Topic A. Check him out, if you haven't already. The Corsair would like to amplify on a comment Our Hendry made: "(Theo) Spielberg, 15 (the adorable son of Steven Spielberg), was the representative for the youth vote. Is CNBC going for the Nickelodeon crowd? Anyone --intern Chris Schwarz!-- would have been better. Spielberg said he wants politicians to have charisma so young people know 'who and what they are voting for.' Franken had advice for kids like Theo: 'Grow up. . . You're not necessarily going to vote for someone who is the most charismatic.' Theo's other point was candidates should pick a few issues important to young voters and act 'very supportingly.' Franken: 'Such as?' Theo suggested the war, the draft, Social Security, and Medicare. Franken won with his eyes closed." Yeah, yeah, yeah : Franken won the exchange, but how could he have not? Al Franken was probably debating politics ferociously as a urlLink hypocritical Harvard liberal while the adorable Theo was being born. And while Theo Spielberg was eating strained carrots and peas, Franken was writing for Saturday Night Live, being an ass urlLink as to all accounts , and making enemies. After Theo Spielberg made the comment that kids would be supporting of candidates who were charismatic (i.e. passionate) about Social Security and Medicare, Franken, rather creepily, rhetorically cornered Theo, archly asking something to the effect of -- so, kids your age care about Social Security and Medicare? To which the confident with a confidence of being a super rich and bright kid on the top of the Hollywood food chain, Theo countered, saying basically, well, not now, they don't, but if kids think in terms of their future and not on immediate goals, then yes, they might care . Good going Theo, The Corsair loves you, baby pop. What is it with Al Franken? What makes him such a dick? The Corsair might venture to say it was Harvard, but fellow prick Eric Alterman went to Cornell. Rather, The Corsair thinks that it may be wrestling. Amateur wrestling, at a formative period in a young pubescent boys life, tends to make them assholes, quick to start argument, combative when they need not be (for further consideration, see punk Defense Secretary/ rassler urlLink Donald Rumsfeld and prick author/ wrestler urlLink John Irving ). A recent urlLink New York Times magazine profile sums it up , at the height of the Democratic primaries: "Onstage, Martin Sheen speaks first, then Dean's demure wife, then the suddenly embattled former governor of Vermont himself. Sometime after Dean begins taking questions from the audience, a manic-looking heckler starts to heckle, accusing Dean of 'covering up for Dick Cheney.' He gets louder. A couple of spindly members of Dean's security team approach him uncertainly; he swings his arms and keeps shouting. It goes on for several minutes and seems to be veering toward actual violence. Dean, the media, the members of the audience: nobody knows what to do." Oh, but our man Franken does, does he ever (wicked Rumsfeldian gleam in eyes): "At this moment Franken turns, cocks his head slightly, gives that well-known magnified, tortoise-shell-framed gaze and says: 'I think the two of us can get him out. You wanna do it?' After a pause that is meant to be emphatic, I say, 'No.' But it's too late: he's off, in rumpled jeans and a big down jacket, plowing up the aisle." Al Franken's old school like that. When he cocked his head you just knew: it was on like Gray Poupon. The Corsair imagines the Harvard educated simian, rumpled jeans and big brown jacket ruffling in the wind, the accoustical sounds of urlLink Six Million Dollar Man bionic sound effects stacattoing in the background (da-da-da-da-da ...) as Franken-in-slow-motion-bolt approaches said interrupter, head low and spectacles fogged in anticipation of crunk: "By this time there is a confused scrum around the heckler, who is holding his ground and still ranting. Franken hits the floor, wedges himself among a couple dozen legs and puts the man in a wrestling hold, grabbing him at the knees." Oof! One can almost buckle at the beauty of the writing at this New York Times sports section style commentary, like that unfortunate freak, tumbling down the slippery slope into Prose Heaven. Oh, tell us more: "That destabilizes him, and others now quickly push him down the aisle and out the side door of the theater." Oh Al, destabilize the GOP; destabilize !: "Franken gets up, looking dazed; his glasses are snapped in two. He's quickly swarmed by confused but excited reporters who want to know, like, what was he doing?" Blame it on Wrestling; Theo Spielberg rocks. Kate Capshaw and Stevie Hollywood did a good job instilling confidence in their adopted son, enough to hold their ground with fatuous dicks like Al Franken, who cannot seem to distinguish between combating Rush Limbaugh, and chatting with a 15 year old on his first Tv appearance. Blame it on amateur wrestling.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : The Great urlLink Michael Gross . Our pal, swell guy urlLink Michael Gross is, according to urlLink British Vogue , on top of the world: "MADONNA is reportedly casting a group of models to play the likes of urlLink Naomi Campbell , urlLink Linda Evangelista , urlLink Cindy Crawford and urlLink Christy Turlington in a tell-all film about the supermodel world. The American superstar, who is now going by a new Kabbalah-inspired name of urlLink Esther , has bought the film rights to urlLink Michael Gross' book, Model . David Brendel has written the screenplay for the film, which is due to hit screens sometime next year and will, according to ratethemusic.com, star several of the famous named models themselves." Congratulations, Michael, urlLink if anyone deserves success of this magnitude, it's you. BREAKING: Madonna, according to urlLink fashionweekdaily , re Esther: "... Though the bag is just now hitting stores, Madonna was already seen toting her one-of-a-kind envelope-shaped shoulder bag to Demi Moores Kabbalah soire. Made of refined python and crocodile skin, the bag (which doubles as a clutch) comes complete with Swarovski crystals mounted on a grosgrain base and features the designers signature robot charm and leather key chain on the detachable handle. Jet appliqus, quirky accessory clips, and a novel steel clasp finish off the detailing." Crazy. Out : urlLink Naming your baby ESPN (pronounced ES-Pen), (link via the very cool urlLink Whatevs ): " A Texas couple who named their son ESPN after the cable sports network is getting more than a bundle of joy for their decision. Little 2-year-old ESPN Malachi McCall of Pampa, Texas, is getting his own TV special. "Turns out he is not the only child with the unique name. "ESPN ... McCall is one of at least three youngsters in the U.S. known to be named for the sports network. A couple in Corpus Christi named their son Espn Curiel in 2000, the same year Espen Blondeel was born in Michigan. "And ESPN is taping a special about the kids." To paraphrase urlLink totalitarian-dictator coddling Cindy Adams , "Only in Texas, Kiddies, only in Texas ..." In : Nicole Kidman . According to the UK's urlLink Daily Star (link via urlLink Ananova ): "Oscar-winner Nicole Kidman has been offered a ($109 million) blockbuster film deal. The seven-film contract with Disney to make the urlLink Chronicles of Narnia would shoot the actress to the top of Hollywood's highest-paid list. "And Nicole does not even need to appear on screen to earn the cash. "Only her voice is needed for the part of the White Witch in the films. "But a source said: 'Nicole will have to decide whether ($109 million) is worth her while. "'Knowing you are committed to work on seven films is a tough one.' Caveat emptor : The Daily Star is the only media vehicle reporting this as of 11 am Monday, so, you know, like: take this as you will. It sounds like an impossible amount, though; but I'm blowing this your way to get some conversation going. Out : urlLink Michiko Kakutani . Kakutani gets urlLink the gas face from Vanity Fair scribe James Wolcott on Howard Kurtz's Reliable Sources on CNN: " KURTZ : Let me just take a moment to explain what we're talking about, urlLink a front page 'New York Times' book review by the chief book reviewer of 'The New York Times.' They've since run a second review by -- that was more favorable. " WOLCOTT : By a real writer, by the way. " KURTZ : Well, all right. I don't want to berate her right now." Ka-Pow! Score: Wolcott: 1; Kakutani: Zero. In : urlLink Matt Klam . According to a post he left on TMFTML, he's "writing a story for the NY Times Mag on bloggers." The Corsair salivates. My kingdom for a mention; some New York Times magazine love would be so sweet. Out : urlLink Denise Richards , the 33-year old wife of urlLink Heidi Fleiss' top "John," Charlie Sheen , urlLink recent mother of Sam, urlLink future Playboy model ? According to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer : " urlLink RED-HOT mama Denise Richards is preparing to bare all for Playboy, only three months after giving birth -- and her hubby Charlie Sheen couldn't be more proud!" The Corsair cringes, then calculates, coldly, the 12-year gap before little Sam's classmates start picking on her big time . "'Denise is thrilled that Playboy approached her to model in the magazine so soon after she became a mom,' said an insider. 'She thinks it's an incredible honor.' The Corsair groans for little Sam. "And she said that Charlie isn't at all jealous." The Corsair groans again. " ... In fact, he's really proud of her and happy that she wants to show off her beautiful body to other men.' The Corsair is really, really groaning now. " ... But Denise, who has starred on TV's 'Spin City' and in urlLink movies , is nervous about losing her baby fat in time for the photo shoot, say pals. She's hoping to be in Playboy's December issue and the photos have to be completed several months in advance. "'Right now she's dieting and exercising like crazy so that she'll look her best for the camera,' said the insider. 'She's working with a personal trainer and following her own diet. "'Already she looks in tip-top shape. But that's not good enough for Denise. She wants to be absolutely perfect when she strips in front of the world.'" In : urlLink Ingrid Sischy . She's all over the place today. On urlLink Fashionweekdaily.com , she is, "SEEN: urlLink Catherine Zeta-Jones , looking incredibly svelte in a Versace black halter dress, sitting front row next to Interviews Ingrid Sischy ." And, as if that is not enough of a media spotting, in urlLink Lloyd Grove's Lowdown , "Publicity magnet urlLink Abigail Vona , the 19-year-old author of the just-published memoir 'Bad Girl: Confessions of a Teenage Delinquent,' managed to surprise even seen-it-all Interview mag editor Ingrid Sischy when she showed up for a photo session in SoHo with a pair of handcuffs." Out : urlLink According to the AP , apes at the zoo, there for our leisure, will be able to let off some steam on us, their captors: "The apes at Lincoln Park Zoo are finally getting a chance to take their revenge on people who for years have been pounding their palms against the glass walls of the primates' old home. "At the zoo's new Regenstein Center for African Apes, chimpanzees can touch a panel hidden from public view that will shoot harmless bursts of air at unsuspecting visitors. "'You often hear about chimps spitting or throwing,' said Steve Ross, a behaviorist at the zoo. 'They do that to get a rise out of the public. This gives them that opportunity but in a safe way.'" Why can't we just watch them on tv? Why do we need to restrict their passage? In : Bill Clinton . According to urlLink New York Magazine's Intelligencer : "Bill Clinton was nominally exiled from lucrative speaking engagements at U.S. investment banks following his pardon of billionaire fugitive Marc Rich. (According to Senate filings for the years 2001 to 2003, Warburg Pincus was Clintons only paid speaking engagement to a U.S. investment firm of 139 speeches reported.) But the exile has ended. Clintons speech on June 2 at the Sanford C. Bernstein Strategic Decisions conference at the Waldorf-Astoria is the first real indication that Wall Street firms are once again embracing him. Back in February 2001, Morgan Stanley apologized to clients for paying $125,000 for Clintons first postpresidential speech."

 Diane Keaton Gets Arts Award; The End Is Nigh According urlLink to the AP : "Because of her dedication to Western art, actress Diane Keaton has been awarded the Utah Governor's Award for Devotion to the Arts. "After being praised for her dedication to Western art by Gov. Olene Walker, Keaton demurred, saying, 'I don't know who you're talking about, but it's not me but I am very honored to be here.'" A Utah Arts Award? Okay, urlLink now I get it . Still , off the top of my head, urlLink Susan Sontag , urlLink BB King , urlLink Gore Vidal , urlLink John Simon , urlLink Robert Redford and urlLink Bob Dylan are all far, far more deserving of that award. For fucks sake : Tagger urlLink De La Vega is more deserving of an arts award than Keaton.

 The Frugal Gourmet Dies Jeff Smith, urlLink the Frugal Gourmet has died in his sleep. Judith Blake of the Seattle Times writes very even handedly about a sensitive subject: "Jeff Smith, the once-celebrated 'Frugal Gourmet' TV chef who fell from grace, was a hard man to peg. "To some, the Seattle-based Smith, who died Wednesday, was a 'genius' of food and the culture surrounding it. His high spirits, acts of generosity and stalwart friendship, they say, were the true measure of the man. "To others, he was a tyrant of the public-TV production set, a tireless self-promoter and a chef of mediocre culinary talent. "He was accused in three lawsuits of sexually abusing some of the young men who worked for him, ending his television career in the 1990s. "When Mr. Smith died, at age 65, those questions still surrounded him." According to a urlLink Jump the Shark posters, "It jumped the shark at the end, when Mr. Gourmet sexually harassed his male assistant and it was hushed up. I think this was PBS's greatest scandal. Other than that though, the recipes were great. I really miss it. I'd probably still watch the show. I don't care that Mr. Gourmet is a poof." Would that it were only that simple. Another poster on urlLink Jump the Shark amplifies: "This show jumped when it was clear that Craig was more than the Frugal Gourmet's 'assistant.' During Craig's first year, he made an occasional appearance helping the Frug' chop onions or something. Then as the months progressed more and more shows featured Craig and his talents. Then if you watched the videos of the trips to Spain and Rome, you wondered ... why is Craig featured in every snippet? Of course, once the Frug' got arrested for his urlLink questionable activities with young boys , it all became painfully clear." Jeff Smith was a haunted man who now, if you go in for that sort of thing, has a reckoning. And if you don't he is now presiding over a frugal gourmet for a certain convocation of politic worms, not where he eats, urlLink but where he is eaten . Jeff Smith, RIP

 Elizabeth Hurley's Fashion Diary According to urlLink British Vogue's Fashion Bites : "ELIZABETH HURLEY wasn't in Paris just to shop this week. The model and actress is having a go at fashion journalism. A diary of her front and backstage experiences will appear in a forthcoming issue of French glossy urlLink Citizen K ." The Corsair (wink, wink) managed to attain (wink, wink) a rough draft of some of her notes: urlLink July 6, Galliano Show : Incredible! All those fur lined gowns and opera coats, I must have some of these fairy tale outfits. My urlLink American Express Centurion card , oops , I mean "boyfriend," (insert soft chuckle here) Arun Nayar -- what's the difference really? -- is sitting here beside me as I catch urlLink the Galliano show . So imaginative, that man. Almost as imaginative as urlLink Melania Knauss , who is here with Vogue, where she will write about how she picks out her "trousseaux," which is, I guess, what you get when you snag The Perfect Billionaire. In other words, this nonentity, this Knauss , is marrying The Billionaire Donald, of late NBC TV star, writing for Vogue , trailed by urlLink Andre Leon Tally , and I am here with something called Arun Nayar, while writing for Citizen K. I'm about as "happening" as the sink where Alec Wek just urlLink went sick . Someone please shoot me. urlLink July 7, Chado Ralph Rucci Couture : Lots of bold statements with animal skins, and crystals embroidered into urlLink earth tone fabrics . And speaking of earth tones: urlLink Oprah's taking notes , but I looked over at her pad and all it had on it were elaborately drawn pictures of great beefsteaks and juicy briskets. urlLink Oprah says she will buy 4 or 5 of Rucci's pieces. She is a billionaire and my last three films have grossed roughly a hundred dollars, what? Someone please shoot me. urlLink July 7, Christian Lacroix Haute Couture : The creme-pleated bustier dress would have looked flattering on me a few years ago. Can't help thinking that my old lover Hugh Grant , that doff , the man who got preferred the ministrations of urlLink Divine Brown to my own urlLink considerable charms , is now urlLink knocking boots with Jemima Goldsmith , of the urlLink uber-rich Goldsmiths , and here I am, scribbling for something called Citizen K . Now who'se the wanker. Someone please kill me, while I can still make a decent-looking corpse. urlLink July 9, Gaultier : Thank god urlLink Jean Paul Gaultier used sky blue chiffon urlLink and forgoing the bread this time around; heaven knows I'm starving myself enough to try and snag a billionaire with a heart condition, and don't need to be reminded of how carbs can thwart that process. Lots of urlLink "demi-couture" going on here. His urlLink daring wedding gown only reminded me that the skin is just a little bit looser this year, which makes hurts the billionaire prospects. Perhaps I should start lowering my standards? Does the oily urlLink John Lovitz still have some of his SNL loot, or has he spent it all on urlLink the Playmates yet? Someone please kill me. urlLink July 9, Elie Saab Couture : Lilac, shiffons and diamante accents blah-blah-blah ... what about me , Citizen K Magazine? What about me ? I was my generation's urlLink Zuleika Dobson , the pretty and winning English girl who would be "taken care of" by the Lords in Sussex. Ten years ago, I wowed the world in my black Versace safety pin dress, and now, my film production company, urlLink Simian Films , is worth approximately three hundred dollars. Ah, those wonderful Clinton 90s, the Golden Age of Eurotrash-- Tina Brown ruled Vanity Fair, Emma and Thompson and Kenneth Branagh were the uber-couple, Hugh actually was a celebrity, and I, ah, me, I basked in his reflective glory. The early 90s: When Middle Aged Housewives in the Midwest put their Bingo money into urlLink Merchant and Ivory features . Ahh, those were the days. America was a British colony all over again. That was before the loose skin and the regrettable urlLink Bedazzled . Someone please shoot me.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Monday's New York Magazine piece -- we cannot wait. It's on like Gray Poupon ! urlLink Gawker takes a sneak peak at a chestnut from Monday's pyrotechnic display also known as New York Magazine's article on urlLink the Gossip Wars . And urlLink Fashionweekdaily's Daily Spy chimes in: "New York magazine closed their much-buzzed-about gossip story on Thursday amid a furor of speculation and rumor. Writers Vanessa Grigoriadis and Jacob Bernstein expanded the piece from its initial focus on the urlLink dust-up between former Page Six-er Ian Spiegelman and scandalmonger urlLink Doug Dechert to comprise an acidic look at the New York gossip machine in general, and seemed intent on dredging up any controversy they could along the way. Spiegelman, Dechert, urlLink 'Bad Girl' author Abigail Vona , Lloyd Grove, and Richard Johnson were all photographed for the story, leading some to speculate that it could end up on the cover. There is also buzz that young Bernstein?s byline may not make the cut. Only at New York, kids, only at New York." Out : All of a sudden ... the whole ( The Corsair makes ironic quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) "America Watches Courtney Love's slow and protracted Nervous Breakdown" routine isn't as ... fun as it was in the Spring. Actually, in point of fact the way it's playing itself out is kind of creeping me out. Things took a urlLink David Lynchian turn somewhere and we want to jump the fuck off this ride. Seriously . Courtney is scaring us; and we don't mean the way Lenny Kravitz explains that she ran around her old apartment hallways naked either. urlLink The Post reports , "A weeping and cursing Courtney Love was rushed from her SoHo apartment to a hospital wearing a camisole and handcuffs yesterday on her 40th birthday, after telling cops she had an urlLink abortion ." Whoa! Back that up. Way too much information. Way Waaay too much. I am a media junky, but we are officially -- as of right here right now -- staying away from Court Love. In : urlLink Ultragrrrl put urlLink this up on her site and I've been laughing about it for about an hour now, which either says I'm working too hard, or The Ultra is a comedy genius. I'm seriously considering converting to Judaism so that we can get married and issue stunning little mocha-colored kids with sophisticated blogs. Out : Billionaire urlLink Dallas Mavericks owner , urlLink Mark Cuban, tells us , "'How could (I) let Steve Nash go?' It?s a question I?m going to hear for a long time. It?s a question Mavs fans deserve an answer to. As best I can, I will try to go through all the logical, illogical, emotional and financial scenarios that we explored in putting together the offer that we thought would keep Steve a Dallas Maverick for the rest of his career." If you like long-winded, rambling basketball stories told by self indulgent and mildly eccentric billionaires, then hot-damn, you might want to go urlLink here and forever lose an hour slice of your summer. In : Marlon Brando's secret tapes. You just know that pretty soon, they will be out, according to that significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer : "'Marlon secretly tape-recorded his phone calls -- he was the consummate control freak," divulged best-selling author Peter Manso, who wrote the definitive book on the actor's life, urlLink 'Brando: The Biography .' "Marlon Brando secretly taped phone conversations -- and now some of the biggest names in Hollywood are terrified their darkest secrets will be exposed, The ENQUIRER has learned exclusively. The rotund actor loved nothing more than phoning friends and dishing dirt for hours about the showbiz elite -- and even persuaded Marilyn Monroe to disclose her secrets about the Kennedys, say sources. "The Hollywood legend spilled gay and straight sex secrets of stars, reveled in details of cheating and sordid affairs, got actors to disclose their mistresses -- and even spoke freely about his own bisexual lifestyle ... all on tape." I'll give 20-1 odds that it will be all over the web by Thanksgiving. By the way, which one of Brano's multitudes of children will get the Tahitian Atoll, and can islands be inherited? Out : It looks like this may be urlLink the end of Tony Blair : " urlLink British Prime Minister Tony Blair considered resigning last month and had to be persuaded to stay on by senior colleagues, the BBC reported Saturday. "Blair's office made no comment on the report, saying he had repeatedly insisted when asked about his future that he would lead his ruling Labor party into a third general election expected next year, which analysts predict he would win. "Blair, who has seen his ratings tumble in opinion polls since last year's war in Iraq (news - web sites), had been 'seriously considering his position' following a series of attacks on his leadership, the broadcaster said in an unsourced report. "Three cabinet colleagues, Health Secretary urlLink John Reid , Culture Secretary urlLink Tessa Jowell and Education Secretary urlLink Charles Clarke met Blair, urged him not to quit and sought to assure him he had wide government support, it said. "'I'm not going to speculate on what I see as Westminster gossip,' Jowell told BBC radio Saturday. 'Tony Blair is our prime minister -- the most successful prime minister of modern times. He will continue to lead our government.'" urlLink The Pakistan Daily Times shares some acute observations on the political atmosphere at 10 Downing Street: "Britains Tony Blair looks like taking a fresh hit over Iraq next week on the eve of two closely watched by-elections events that will help shape the political landscape for an expected 2005 general election. "Within four days, an inquiry will report on intelligence failings over Iraqs weaponry, Blairs government will unveil its public spending plans for the next 3 years and voters could humiliate his Labour Party at the polls. "With the prime ministers popularity battered by Iraq, such a combination would have prompted fears of a Labour mutiny two months ago. But parliamentarians and analysts say Blair is on firmer ground now and the timing of events coming just before parliament breaks for summer will spare him any long-term damage, whatever the weeks outcome. "'I dont sense any conspiracy right now,' said one Labour parliamentarian (MP). 'They wont be thinking of plotting. Theyll be thinking of their buckets and spades.' Wyn Grant, professor of politics at Warwick University agreed that Blair has survived the worst, 'Its not plain sailing, but hes coming into calmer waters.'" Or , as The Corsair predicts, a deep sea storm.

 Senator Mike Ditka?! According to urlLink the Hill's Patrick O'Connor : "In the wake of urlLink Steve Rauschenbergers withdrawal from the Illinois Senate race, former Chicago Bears coach urlLink Mike Ditka has surfaced as a favorite of many Hill and state Republicans, according to interviews with GOP members and staff in Illinois and Washington." The Corsair sighs with melancholy and gives up on the possibility of electing urlLink a black Senator in 2004 . "The Super Bowl-winning coach and Hall-of-Fame player is a Chicago icon whose name identification and stature would make him a well-known, if inexperienced, candidate in the race to replace Sen. Peter Fitzgerald (R), who is stepping down at the end of this legislative session. The Corsair landed a super secret interview with Da Coach (wink, wink), that he wants to share with you, true believers: The Corsair : So, let's say that the way this plays out is victory. What Senate Committees would you be interested in serving on? Mike Ditka : urlLink Da Budget . The Corsair : What places in Illinois are you looking forward to campaign in? Ditka : urlLink Decatur The Corsair : And what's your campaign slogan? Ditka : urlLink Da Coach . The Corsair : Beverage of choice? Ditka : Da beer. The Corsair : Favorite existentialist phrase? Ditka : urlLink Dasein . The Corsair : Favorite artistic movement? Ditka : urlLink Dada . The Corsair : Favorite grocery store? Ditka : urlLink D'agostino's The Corsair : Thank you Ditka : Dan' mention it.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Last Night's Kerry gala at Radio City Music Hall was very "in"; both Gawker and urlLink Wonkette had deep-undercover operatives on hand (I'd tell you their names, but then I'd have to kill you) that give their penetrating sociological analysis of the event in question. From urlLink Wonkette : "Just arrived at the Kerry-Edwards gala circle jerk at Radio City Music Hall. Crowd is a mix of high-toned Hamptons crowd discussing real estate and melanomas, and young 20-something staffers and professionals in business garb talking animatedly about Edwards and "energy." And college-aged cute things who surely didn't pay their way in. A lot of people seem to think that everyone should know them, but nobody does. (The threshold for "famous-for-New-York being somewhat higher than for DC equivalents.) Seen no genuine celebs yet." Seems the genuine celebs and jet set swishy folk were all over at urlLink Jean Paul Gaultiers F/W Haute Couture show in Paris. urlLink Gawker on the lack of genuine celebs: "If a terrorist had taken a giant flamethrower to Radio City Hall tonight, there would have been no B-List celebrities left in New York. It really made you realize that no one famous lives in this town anymore, and with presenters like Jessica Lange ... and Chevy Chase (who was straining to see the teleprompter; he looked very confused) this idea was further re-inforced. " ... The Douche of the Night was Jason Binn. He's about as tall as a jar of Icy-Hot and looks like a fig with a facelift. He was affixed to Arianna Huffington all night, who was in turn affixed to Tina Brown and Fisher Stevens. TWICE in the lobby I saw Huffington make like she was ditching Binn, only to have the little spermatazoa literally yell out "Arianna," (the first time), and when she left with Fisher, "Fisher!!!" This second time Binn was talking to a group of over-tanned buttheads who were just waiting for their car to the Hamptons, but the group quickly proceeded to mock him as he ran after Arianna like the pathetic Heather he is. Out : Chris Gore of IFC TV's Ultimate Film Fanatic. I just don't like his urlLink face . It's part chemical, part playa hating with me: he really makes me want to throw down. Anyhoo, urlLink Indiwire writes : "Chris Gore of Film Threat fame is the show's host, and tells indieWIRE he's qualified to host a film trivia TV show because 'I can read at a 6th grade level and I can deliver lines from cue cards really well. Also, I have mastered the art of walking to a piece of tape on the floor and stopping precisely where the tape is placed.' "Gore also doesn't mind hanging out with the show's esteemed panelists, including former porn star urlLink Traci Lords and urlLink Kevin Smith sidekick urlLink Jason Mewes . ('Jason Mewes began passing dirty notes and horribly obscene drawings during breaks in the show,' Gore tells indieWIRE. 'All I could think to myself, as any film geek might, is what they would fetch if they were sold on eBay.') Can I punch him out now? ( The Corsair gets "punchy," doing fancy footwork, while simultaneously throwing powerful overhand rights and complex combination shots with the hand not holding the 3/4s-full glass of urlLink The Cutty Sark ) You know, really show him urlLink what the frequency is ( The Corsair lunges at the screen). In : Rock and roll urlLink coochie coo. (link via urlLink stereogum , it's his fault, so blame him) Out : Ah, a day in the life of urlLink Haley Binn , wife of urlLink The Jason , according to urlLink Fashionweekdaily : "Jason and I arrive at the Bulgari luncheon at the urlLink Hotel Jerome . I?m wearing Trish of Capri sandals, Theory pants, an Izod shirt, and my Blinde sunglasses. Let?s see who?s here?you?ve got 20 fabulous ladies of Aspen, urlLink Bill and Kristen Bellamy, urlLink Tommy Davidson , and, of course, urlLink Nick Warnock (from 'The Apprentice'), who now works for Jason. Even Francois Kress , the managing director of Bulgari, flew in for this event! It was a lot of fun. We all went around the table and introduced ourselves and said why we love Aspen. Bill and Tommy both told funny stories of their first encounters with Jason." Oh Lord , had urlLink Haley dropped one more name, I might have passed out from the altitude. You see, Dear Haley is the urlLink Sir Edmund Hillary of Social Climbing Out : urlLink Daniel Libeskind , the architect who wanted too much, in a Gawker Stalker sighting: "July 4, corner of Canal and Thompson, who should bounce around the corner that World Trade Center development project architect Daniel Libeskind, presumably returning from that morning's ground breaking. (Just caught a very quick glimpse, but how many spikey-haired, nerdy-glasses-ed German-looking guys wearing all black on a 90 degree day could there be?)" Only an architect, kiddies, only an architect. In : UberWaif urlLink Kate Bush . urlLink Big Boi's favorite artist is Kate Bush. Pink loves Kate Bush. Everyone who loves music loves Kate Bush but we are all afraid to say it out loud. Why? I'm going to say it for anyone that has ever been afraid to put it on the boom box and play it out loud and proud: When The Corsair wants to crawl into that special emotional space he puts on his Kate Bush, and cuddles with his urlLink Pound Puppy . So there. Out : urlLink Rupert Murdoch , according to urlLink Paul Colford of the Post rival NY Daily News , who himself reports on an article in Post rival the urlLink The Old Gray Lady (It's confusing to all of us): "Media mogul Rupert Murdoch himself was behind urlLink the New York Post's Dick Gephardt-for-veep fiasco , according to a published report. "A day after Murdoch responded to the gaffe that made global headlines by saying urlLink 'Everybody made a mistake,' the New York Times reported last night that it was the big boss who came up with the elusive exclusive. "An anonymous Post employee told the Times that Murdoch, chairman and chief executive of the Post's parent company News Corp., called in the tip at about 10 p.m. Monday night, between the first and second editions. "City Desk editor Mike Hechtman took the feed, weaving it into a front page exclusive, sans byline, on Kerry's pick of the Missouri congressman as his vice presidential running mate, said the report posted on the Times Web site." In : urlLink Dana Milbank's chat at WashingtonPost.com (link via urlLink Romenesko ) yielded an interesting riff on why George Bush doesn't give a fuck about African-American preachers: "Rockville, Md.: What is your analysis of the President's refusal to address the NAACP convention? "Dana Milbank: Before he took office, Bush made clear that he was trying to circumvent the traditional civil rights establishment in favor of new black leaders, particularly religious ones, who shared his conservative views on social policy and favored school vouchers, etc. He's also visited milder groups such as the Urban League. This strategy of avoiding the traditional civil rights crowd has not gone very well for him, but neither is there much to be gained by drawing a hostile reception from the NAACP." Out : Amish in the City , according to the urlLink AP : "A reality TV series about Amish teenagers exploring the world beyond their community and faith will debut this month despite protests by members of Congress. "'Amish in the City' begins with a special two-hour episode July 28, the UPN network announced Thursday." The men's "beard without the moustache" and the women's "long sleeves, no skirt and severe bun hairdo" should play just suuuper on the urlLink Top Model network? Comment here or on the urlLink VH1 Best Week Ever Blog .

 Chappelle: "I Don't Know What the Fuck (Nader) Thinks He's Doing" From the urlLink August 2004 Blender : " Blender : You talk about race, this country's great unspoken topic. " Dave Chappelle : It's hilariously unspoken ... you know who goes through it and no one talk about? Poor white people. Poor white people feel like they're supposed to be rich. That's why they always sound crazy -- like 'Niggers are taking all the jobs at Burger King.' Alright, you sound like a fucking idiot right now ... " Blender : Who are you going to vote for President this Fall? " Dave : I'm going to ask you to take a wild guess. " Blender : Then we'd guess John Kerry. " Dave : I'm leaning that way. urlLink Ralph Nader , I don't know what the fuck he thinks he's doing. He has urlLink slavery reparations on his platform, which makes me think he's not serious. If he thought he could win, he wouldn't even say that. " Blender : A lot of your jokes come from watching television, which you don't seem to like very much. " Dave : This culture is dumb. The fact that Arnold Shwarzenegger is governor -- people voted for the nigger because he's the urlLink Terminator . 'Bring down the budget, Terminator.'"

 This Sunday on 60 Minutes: Exclusive Kerry/Edwards Interview Those long, boring, dog days of summer 60 Minutes repeats -- you know, the ones where you get positively intimate with the urlLink Kerry-Bush Skull and Bones story all over again, for the fifth time -- may be over. In an age of hyper-competitive television, where 24 hour cable news channels regularly eat the lunch of network news divisions and first run midsummer replacement reality TV programs regularly snack on the bones of newsmagazine reruns, CBS is doing something rather groovy, baby, to be sure. For the second time this summer (Dan Rather's Bill Clinton exclusive interview was the first; remember when Dan dressed in geeky jeans pulled ... just a little bit too far up in 'old man uncool' fashion and roamed through the mean streets of Little Rock, Arkansas with Bill? Priceless ), the 60 Minutes gang is cutting short their long and lusty summers in Martha's Vinyard to actually break some news (Just what the fuck is it about liberals and Martha's Vinyard, anyway? Please tell me, I'm clueless). This time, urlLink 60 Minutes has the first joint interview with that new political sensation, the John-Johns , urlLink Senator John Kerry and John Edwards. urlLink USA Today notes (link via urlLink Romenesko ): "Sunday, the show will be fresh again when urlLink Lesley Stahl interviews Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry and his running mate, John Edwards, fresh off a campaign stop Saturday in Edwards' home state, North Carolina. "It will be another exclusive: the candidates' first joint interview. "Executive producer urlLink Jeff Fager , who has taken the reins from legendary producer urlLink Don Hewitt , will interrupt his vacation on Martha's Vineyard to put the interview together. He has asked commentator Andy Rooney, who is on his traditional July vacation in upstate New York, to weigh in, too. "Fager says viewers should expect more breaking news in summers to come -- even though, when it comes to ratings, there is little incentive: 60 repeats do nicely in the summer, routinely finishing in the Top 10. "'When there's news, we're going to be covering it. The viewers expect that. This has become a broadcast where big news is broken. That's an exciting thing . . . so it's not going to matter in the future what time of year it is.'" Breaking news during the summers ... cool -- and so begins the reign of Jeff Fager. The urlLink CBS 60 Minutes website , which, by the way, is all over this groundbreaking exclusive, touting it's own network horn, says: "Stahl will talk to both candidates and their wives, Teresa Heinz Kerry and Elizabeth Edwards, in Edward's home state of North Carolina, after the two wind up a campaign swing through Ohio, Florida, West Virginia, New Mexico and North Carolina." We can't wait either to hear that breathy Mozambique-by-way-of-Switzerland accent of Theresa Heinz. What can I say , we Gemini's get off on odd speech patterns.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Gossip ; and, on the side, a possible NY Times Sunday Styles story. urlLink Fashionweekdaily's Daily Spy notes (second story down): "New York Magazine is finally closing its urlLink Ian Spiegelman gossip column piece for next Mondays issue (penned by the urlLink Vanessa Grigoriadis and Jacob Bernstein tag team), but the New York Times Sunday 'Styles' section wants in on the action and may try to steal some of the mags thunder this weekend. Insiders say editor Trip Gabriel has assigned a piece on the proliferation of New York gossip columns and the increasingly competitive market for juicy items. The addition of two Sunday columnists, urlLink Elisa Lipsky-Karasz at the Post and urlLink Ben Widdicombe at the Daily News, has certainly upped the gossip quotient. The Times piece is said to be focusing on the fact that there are too many columnists and not enough items or events worth covering. Apparently their theory is that sooner or later, itll boil down to survival of the fittest." Survival of the fittest, you say? The Corsair merrily dusts off his college copy of urlLink Darwin's Origin of the Species and softly chuckles to himself, reading Chapter 3, the key to the whole book really, entitled "The Struggle for Existence." In : We have always maintained that the first blog "celebrity" is urlLink Wonkette's Ana Marie Cox . Her timing was precise. We like her better than Drudge, to be frank, because Drudge doesn't have a sense of humor, and, what's more, operates more like a Public Access show than a blog proper. Anyhoo: There are many reasons for Ana Marie's success: one, being, that the US is the last superpower left standing; two, is that that fact makes DC the de facto capitol of the world; three, that makes DC gossip -- the gossip of world power -- priceless ; four, there is really no minute-by minute-DC-gossip newspaper or radio station or media outlet at all, that task is particularly well suited to the web; five, Drudge is based in Florida, thus Wonkette has the monopoly on the up-to-the-minute DC power gossip; and, finally, six, Ana Marie Cox is fucking funny. Add it all up, and all the ingredients of stardom are there; famous for DC, in an election year, is, basically, influential. Enough with the ass kissing , though, because Ana is covering the Democratic Convention for MTV News, a big multimedia break for us bloggers, according to urlLink the Washington Post (fourth story down, link via urlLink Romenesko ): "That foul-mouthed red-haired vixen known as the Wonkette ( Ana Marie Cox of Arlington) has leveraged her popular political gossip site, Wonkette.com, into a gig with MTV News. The network will announce today that it has hired Cox, 31, to cover all the incredible tension and excitement that is the Democratic National Convention. It says her 'unabashed style and irreverence' will galvanize young voters." Rock on, Ana Marie, we like your style. What next? urlLink Old Hag on PBS? A urlLink Gothamist 30 minute show on NY1? The sexy Miu Von Furstenberg's urlLink Socialite Life on VH1? A smart Charlie Rose-like pop culture talking head show on Trio featuring urlLink Choire Sicha ? urlLink Jason Calacanis on CNBC weeknights wrapping up the tech news? urlLink Ron Mwangaguhunga doing an edgy urlLink Chris Rock-like talk show on that fertile experimental Viacom laboratory, Showtime? We can dream, can't we? Out : Celebrity Sex videos are so urlLink jejune . I mean, we could definitely say something about Cameron and whether or not, in the video, she gets it in "Diaz," but you would forever lose a tenth of respect for my comedic talents, so I'll refrain. According to urlLink The Daily News , "Cameron Diaz is calling her lawyers now that a kinky video she made long ago has found its way onto the Internet. For more than a year, the 'Shrek 2' star, 31, has been fighting to stop the world from seeing photos and video she made over a decade ago when she was a model. But now a Russian-registered Web site (WARNING: ADULT CONTENT!) www.scandal-inc.com is trafficking in an 'S&M' film titled 'She's No Angel: Cameron Diaz.' "The home page shows a woman who looks like Diaz - topless and in fishnets - joining a brunette in some 'Spartacus'-style role-playing with a grimacing guy in shackles and a loincloth. "According to urlLink www.defamer.com , the trailer for the 30-minute video, which sells for $39.95, shows the actress using a can of Freon or compressed air for a purpose probably not recommended by the manufacturer." ( The Corsair abruptlu declares with heartfelt candor) 'Would that I were a can of Freon!' Comment here, or on the urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog . In : Vivi Nevo . urlLink The Post's Tim Arango mingles with the captains of Industry in Sun Valley, and writes: "The mysterious international financier Vivi Nevo who has not yet shown his face here but is expected shortly is apparently ready to open his checkbook for Miramax chief urlLink Harvey Weinstein , The Post has learned. Nevo, who runs a firm called NV Investments , is a frequent attendee at the annual Allen & Co. confab here and is usually seen bantering with every big-name CEO in attendance. "But details on his background are scarce; sources will only say that he is a wealthy individual with stakes in many large media companies, including Time Warner. "Now, a source says, Nevo could become a backer for Weinstein if the Miramax chief, as expected, bolts his employment contract with Disney, which bought Miramax in the 1990s. "Amid frayed relations with Disney chief Michael Eisner who has arrived in Sun Valley, but has kept a low profile Weinstein has been negotiating a possible exit with Disney for months. "Sources say a preliminary resolution could be reached this week, although a public announcement would likely not come for some time. "Weinstein is expected to hit the ground (in Sun Valley, Idaho) today." Intriguing. Out : A Spy In The House of Mouse! urlLink Defamer is reporting that urlLink FlyOnTheWall says ( The Corsair also is thoroughly confused by the meta-media nature of blog reporting), that embattled Disney CEO Michael Eisner's office was bugged: "Blogger A Fly On The Wall reports that electronic listening devices ("bugs," in the parlance of espionage) were found in Disney CEO Michael Eisner's office on the company's Burbank lot during a "routine" security check over the July 4th holiday weekend. Just to make sure everything was nice and bug-free (tiny microphones do wreak havoc on an office's decor), some furniture was hauled away, ostensibly to be replaced by furnishings vetted by Disney's anti-spy squad. We've unfairly imagined Eisner as a disturbed paranoid, fortifying his office against bloodthirsty shareholder mobs. But it appears his fears were justified." In : Would it be arrogant of me to nominate myself as in? Yes? Okay , I'll do it anyway, because it's my party and I'll plug if I want to. I was looking back on my past blog writings, and stumbled upon a series of writings, a la urlLink Machiavelli's Prince , to John Kerry, and they are rocking. I mean (The Corsair looks at himself in the mirror and smiles). really good stuff. So, check them out, as they are sure to be added to the standard curricula at good liberal arts colleges: urlLink Prolegomena Book the First: urlLink On Lies and Manliness Book the Second: urlLink Exhortation to seize the UN and Save It From Irrelevance (and, thusly, from Itself) Book The Third: urlLink On The First Lady as The embodiment of Soft Power Okay, enough plugging.

 Time to Dump Cheney? Originally published February 25th, I've tweaked this up a bit: It's no secret that Dick Cheney is urlLink not a popular man throughout the land (a thousand pardon's to the all powerful Wyoming lobby). urlLink Even his daughter may have something to say about the Administration's ban on gay marriage. In fact, many urlLink consider him too powerful . But now that John Kerry has chosen the dynamic Senator John Edwards as his running mate, the President may want to consider a stronger ticket. In other words, could urlLink Dubya ask Cheney to step down (wink, wink) "for the good of the party"? You know, a (The Corsair makes ironic quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) "health related" stepping down. Is Bush powerful enough? Here's a little imagined dialogue of possibility: Cheney : Mr. President? Dubya : Good to see you, Dickey, hows the old ticker doin'? Cheney : (Taken aback) Oh, fine, sir; got a clean bill of health, yessiree, Mr. president. Dubya : Oh, is that so (A Sly smile plays upon the President's lips). Are ya sure you wouldn't want to urlLink take some time off , Dick? Cheney : -- S-Sir? Dubya : You know, like, oh, the entire second term . Cheney : ( urlLink Incredulous ) Wh- aat ? Dubya : Well, it's this war thing, Dickie, sorry to say. Nothing personal. Edwards is a professional vivisectionist, a trial lawyer, he'll draw and quarter you in a debate, Dick. I can't run on a urlLink National Security platform down south if Kerry starts rallying vets against you for being such a goddamned urlLink chicken hawk Cheney : But, sir, I object, I -- Dubya : No, I know you aren't a goddamned chicken hawk, Dick. Wouldn't have asked you to join the ticket if you were. But politics is about (The President makes ironic quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) the perception . How else do you think I urlLink broke John McCain in South Carolina in 2000? Cheney : But I was Defense Secretary -- Dubya : Speaking of that. Didn't you administer pop's First Persian Gulf War? Cheney : (puffs up) Why yes, I did indeed. Dubya : And who was the general in the field, he had a funny name. Polish or somethin' Cheney : (nervous) Shwarzkopf, er ... urlLink Norman Shwarzkopf . Dubya : (smiles) Stormin' Norman, I like that. See that, Dickie, we've already got a nickname for him. Cheney : But, sir -- Dubya : And he's from Florida , isn't he? Cheney : Uhm, yes, sir -- Dubya : Perfect (reaches for a pretzel). Him or urlLink Giuliani would be just the ticket for the ticket. Giuliani at the New York convention would be perfect. McCain is a war hero too, and let's not forget Powell, everybody Loves Powell, he's better than that Ray Romano feller. But if I went with Rudy, I'd campaign in the South, and Giuls would just stay right there in the tri state area of NY, Jersey and Connecticut. (quietly calculating to himself) I'm pretty sure we could wrest Jersey away from the Blue states ... Cheney : (desperation) But, if I may speak frankly, what about Wyoming, sir. You couldn't have swept that state without me on the ticket. Dubya : I guess we'll just have to manage Wyoming's whopping three electoral college votes without ya, Dickster. A vacation is a good thing. Sound mind and all that. You know, that urlLink Al D'Amato's got sound political instincts. Cheney : (Crestfallen) yes, sir --

 NY Times Op Ed Bashes Bill Cosby The Cos takes a bit of a bitchslapping in the mush mouth from the urlLink Op Ed page of The New York Times today . Barbara Ehrenreich writes for vacationing Thomas Friedman: "It was such a dog-bites-man story that I almost skipped right by: Billionaire Bashes Poor Blacks. The only thing that gave this particular story a little piquancy is that the billionaire doing the bashing is black himself. Bill Cosby has been attacking the poor of his race, and especially the youthful poor, for a range of sins, including using bad words, 'stealing poundcake,' 'giggling' and failing to give their children normal names like 'Bill.' 'The lower-economic people,' Cosby announced, 'are not holding up their end in this deal.'" Crazy, I can't believe the creator of urlLink Wierd Harold actually used the term "the lower-economic people" in the perjorative. Dooood (Averted gaze). Babs continues: "They let me down, too, sometimes like that girl at Wendy's who gave me sweet iced tea when I had clearly specified unsweetened. She looked a little tired, but, as Cos might point out: How hard can it be to hold a job, go to high school and care for younger siblings in all your spare moments while your parents are at work?" Ouch , the beating continues, with studied and beautiful Thai kicks: "But it's just so 1985 to beat up on the black poor. During the buildup to welfare 'reform' in 1996, the comfortable denizens of think spas like the Heritage Foundation routinely excoriated poor black women for being lazy, promiscuous, government-dependent baby machines, not to mention overweight (that poundcake again). As for poor black youth, they were targeted in the 90's as a generation of 'superpredators,' gang-bangers and thugs. "It's time to start picking on a more up-to-date pariah group for the 21st century, and I'd like to nominate the elderly whites." Hear-hear , Barbara Ehrenreich, you're on the right wavelength, girlfriend: I mean, there are lots of elderly whites hogging the Enteman's Pound Cakes, many of whom defend the Saudi Royal Family: urlLink Grover Norquist ... Grover Norquist ... talk about poundcakes ... Norquists got em.

 My Story: The Chuck Norris Story America's favorite Republican karate champion urlLink Chuck Norris' new biography is on the verge of being published. According to urlLink the National Enquirer , Norris scribblings get into his less-than-ideal backstory: "'I want (my children) to see the struggles. I want them to understand that it hasn't been an easy road, but that anyone can achieve success in their lives if they keep their focus on their goals, work hard and never lose your faith in yourself or in God.' " urlLink Chuck's profits from the new book will be donated to urlLink KICKSTART , an organization he founded to use the martial arts to build character in children in the schools. "In his book Chuck tells how Carlos Ray Norris -- Chuck is a nickname -- was born dirt poor in Ryan, Okla. The book describes his father as an alcoholic, and chronicles his mother's struggles with menial jobs to raise her children." That's kind of like our personal hero, Danny Laruso, who was born in Newark, New Jersey, and whose mother, Lucielle, did a little waitressing here and there so her son could attend a school where he regularly got the crap kicked out of him by the rich, arrogant Republican Cobra-Kai's (who, incidentally had the coolest terror-inducing skeleton outfits for Halloween). "In fact, Chuck's very birth was a miracle -- he was born a 'blue baby' and had to be placed on oxygen from birth. "After high school Norris joined the Air Force and was stationed in Korea, where he discovered karate. The grueling five-hour daily practice sessions taught him to stick it out, no matter how hard the task." Yeah, that's kind of like urlLink Daniel-san , who "discovered" karate from a wise old Mr. Miyage (played adventurously by the late, great urlLink Pat Morita , of Happy Days fame) after Daniel-San sets up a water hose in Aryan urlLink Cobra-Kai leader Johnny's bathroom stall, totally fucking up his righteous "joint," (the concentration that kid put into it was commendable) precipitating in another major ass whipping, in a lonely abandoned field. Miyage intervenes at the last moment, saving Daniel-San from a sign splitting kick from Johnny, and, in the end, teaching him some special Okinawa-style karate. In the second movie Peter Cetera sings urlLink 'Glory of Love,' which is the beginning of the end of the 80s. "Discharged from the Air Force and with a wife and child to support, Chuck opened a karate school in Torrance, Calif. He entered a karate tournament, hoping to win and pick up more students for his school -- but he lost!" This is like the charismatic Mr. Kreese, dojo leader of the Cobra-Kai's, with that very 80s cleft in his chin ("We do not train to be merciful here, mercy is for the weak. A man confronts you in the street he is your enemy. An enemy deserves no mercy."). "'Instead of giving up, though, I began to struggle, to train harder and to pray a lot,' he recalled. 'I learned that the only time you lose is when you don't learn from your failures.'" Chuck is so Republican, with that admirable formula of struggle-to-succeed, it's a very Cobra-Kai philosophy, witness Mr. Kreese ("Fear does not exist in this dojo, does it?/ No, Sensei/ Pain does not exist in this dojo, does it? /No, Sensei./ Defeat does not exist in this dojo, does it? /No, Sensei.") "Chuck went on to become a six-time world karate champion. Then one day movie star Steve McQueen, who had brought his son Chad to Norris for karate lessons, suggested that Chuck try acting. "'I thought he had to be kidding. I was 34 years old, with absolutely no acting experience. I started going to acting school. Here I was, starting from Ground Zero! But I was determined -- believe in what you want to do, and nothing can stop you.'" Determination. That's the kind of determination Mr. Miyage showed when some inbred hilbillies placed their beers on his truck after Daniel-San had had that scenic karate in the sunset on the boat moment. ("Excuse me, please. Boy cold. Must leave. Kindly remove bottles. / Drunk: Kindry do it yourself, Mr. Moto./ Miyage sweeps the tops off the beer bottles with a single elegant thrust") "Chuck's first movie urlLink 'Good Guys Wear Black' launched a career spanning 23 motion pictures and a hit television series. "Now he's planning to film a new two-hour 'Walker, Texas Ranger' show soon in Dallas." "Said Chuck: 'God never told me to retire.'" Retiring reminds me of when Bobby is about to face Daniel in the semifinals ("Kreese: Bobby. I want him out of commission / Bobby: But Sensei I can beat this guy. /Kreese: I don't want him beaten. /Bobby: But I'll be disqualified. Kreese: Out of commission.") Anyway, thanks for standing by me on this 80s flashback, check out Chuck's book.

 Will Kerry-Edwards Spurn Public Funding? urlLink Klaus Marre of The Hill writes an fascinating article today about the internal debate within the Kerry campaign as to whether or not they should even opt to go the public funding route, rife, as it is, with pitfalls and handicaps, especially when up against a well funded and corporate friendly incumbent: "Some Democratic strategists and fundraisers say Sen. John Kerry should seriously consider opting out of public funding in his bid to defeat President Bush this fall. "They maintain that Kerry's record fundraising efforts in the Democratic presidential primary show that the senator can reap more money through private contributions than through what the government would provide the campaign." Add into the mix the fact that urlLink John Edwards , a shot of adrenaline to the moribund campaign, the favorite of the urlLink urban elites , is also a heavy duty fund raiser with trial lawyers and Hollywood types. "Until now, it has been assumed that both Kerry and Bush would take the $75 million in public funds after they accept their respective nominations. But this places Kerry, who will be nominated five weeks prior to President Bush, at a significant disadvantage. He has to stretch his money for 14 weeks, an average of about $5 million per week, compared to Bush, who has nine weeks, an average of more than $8 million, to spend his public money." A brilliant point. Considering the placement of the nomination acceptances, it is bad strategy to remain on "equal" footing with the Republicans; it's not their fault if they take advantage by running negative ads in high end markets that the Dems couldn't afford to counter -- it's just politics. And, remember, the sitting Vice President, Al urlLink Gore ran out of money against his challenger, GW Bush, leaving his spread eagle against attack ads at the end of 2000. "This and Kerry's aggressive fundraising operation is leading some of his most prolific fundraisers and Democratic strategists to suggest that Kerry should take the historic step of forgoing public funds and keep raising money all the way to the Nov. 2 election. "Since effectively clinching the Democratic nomination, Kerry has raised more than $30 million per month and a total of more than $180 million. That would easily put him on pace to raise more than $75 million until the election, especially because those Democratic donors who have given the maximum of $2,000 for his primary could contribute the same amount again. He has also raised an average of more than $10 million a month online, meaning it will take less administrative effort to bring in these donations. "In addition, Kerry would be allowed to transfer any remaining funds from the primary into his general-election campaign war chest. His last Federal Election Commission (FEC) filing showed that he had $27.7 million cash on hand while he was spending and raising money at about the same rate. Kerry would be precluded from transferring money to or raising it for his general-election campaign if he accepted public funds, but he could transfer it to the Democratic National Committee (DNC)." We have to realize, though, before we get lost midway through life's journey in the thicket of money lust, that this type of calculation and, for Democrats, salivation , over the prospect of campaign funding and cold hard cheddar -- soft and hard -- is a very, very sad development. The Democrats have gone from being an electorate demanding campaign finance reform to one obsessed with behaving exactly like their enemies, the Republicans. This only proves what social scientists like to call urlLink The Iron law of Emulation , "Organizations in conflict tend to emulate one another." (For further reference, compare and contrast the urlLink FBI's Cointelpro counter intelligence program to silence internal political dissidents, at the height of the Cold War competition, in the 1960s, with the urlLink KGB , who were, to be sure, more openly hostile, but still, strikingly similar). But how did we get off on that particular tangent? "Should Kerry decide to opt out, eclipsing $75 million should not be a problem, according to some of his 'Vice Chairs,' individuals who raised more than $100,000 for the campaign. "Vice Chair and lobbyist Manuel Ortiz said Kerry's camp should 'take a really hard look at [opting out].' He said Kerry's decision to opt out of public funding for the primary was one of the best the campaign has made. "At a time when he was running far behind former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean, Kerry decided to forgo matching funds in order not to be tied to a $45 million primary spending limit. Had he not opted out, Kerry would be lagging $170 million behind Bush in primary funds." True , this was probably the bold decision which factored seriously into Iowa voters calculation of a Kerry vote after Gephardt and Dean imploded; punching each other out. "Ortiz said he would support Kerry's opting out, especially because donors who have maxed out in the primary would be allowed to give money again. "Asked about the possibility of keeping up the fundraising pace if Kerry opts out, John Coale, a Vice Chair and Washington, D.C., attorney, said: 'If he wants us to do it, we'll do it,' adding that it is just a matter of 'getting the list of $2,000 donors and getting on the phone again.'" Can anyone say: Hollywood? Can anyone say urlLink Arianna Huffington fundraiser ? Can anyone say urlLink Susan and Alan Patricof ? urlLink Barbara Streisand ? urlLink John Bon Jovi ? P Diddy and Russell Simmons? Oh, it's on like Gray Poupon! "Vice Chair Robert Clifford , an Illinois lawyer, said the Kerry campaign should consider all options but pointed out that not accepting taxpayer funds would 'siphon money' from other Democratic candidates and the DNC. 'Hard dollars are hard to come by,' he said, and a decision to opt out could have a 'downward impact' on the ticket. 'We might be putting too many eggs in one basket,' Clifford said." Prudent. "Tony Coelho, former campaign chairman for Vice President Al Gore, said that there are 'legitimate reasons' not to take public funds and that Kerry would eclipse $75 million if he continued raising funds, but added that there could be a 'big negative' politically as 'pro-[Ralph] Nader people would seize on it.'" Eminently logical and valid. This would be a Christmas present to that fucker, Ralph Nader -- a validation that there is no difference between the two parties ... hey, maybe ... he ... has ... a point? "Nader has said that the two major parties are too similar and beholden to corporate interests. Opting out and taking millions of additional campaign contributions, even if a lot of the money would come from small online donors, could fuel those type of attacks. "Coelho said Nader's criticisms on this issue could especially come into play in states such as New Hampshire and Florida, where Nader collected more votes in 2000 than Bush's margin of victory over Gore." Motherfuck! "Others said that if Kerry would opt out, so could Bush and his massive fundraising machine. A Democratic official said, 'People forget that every action has an equal or more powerful reaction. Basic high-school chemistry. If Kerry opted out, why wouldn't Bush?'" Okay, I was with you there along for the ride, Tony, until you fucked up and had to pretend that you knew science as well as politics on 'Every action has an equal and opposite reaction,' which is decidedly not chemistry, O Master of the Universe, but physics , specifically, urlLink Newton's Third Law of Motion . But I get the point. "Coelho said the Kerry campaign, prior to making its decision on whether to opt out, should put pressure on Bush to find out if he plans to forgo public funding. The Bush campaign has said it would accept public funding." A fine idea. You won me back, Tony. "In May, the Kerry campaign hinted that he might delay the date on which he would accept the Democratic nomination in order to keep raising money. He backed away from that plan quickly. At the time, the campaign said it was looking into other options to make up for having to stretch its general-election funds for an additional five weeks. " urlLink Lanny Davis , a former special counsel to President Clinton and now a partner with urlLink Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe , also said that Kerry should consider all options but needs 'a public commitment' from Bush regarding the president's intentions or otherwise should be 'very skeptical.' " Scott Stanzel , a Bush-Cheney campaign spokesman, said a public pledge is not needed because the campaign has maintained all along that it will accept public funding and 'nothing has changed.'" Now this is interesting. So, the President will have $75 million after he accepts the nod, leaving Kerry the option to forgo the funding and become a Republican on campaign finance, or, should he accept the same deal, be handicapped. "The Kerry campaign declined to comment for this article." I'm sure that's because they are urlLink bewildered by the prospects before them. The game's afoot.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Hugh Grant , that lucky fucking dog; He who we once thought of as an ass -- Hughdie dodged the urlLink Elizabeth Hurley bullet, managed to parlay his little "hooker episode" into a career as urlLink the suave bad guy , as opposed to the boring Merchant-Ivory wag whom Midwestern housewives pine after; and now, urlLink mirabile dictu , Grant is moving in on to financial security with jet set heiress urlLink Jemima Goldsmith , easily one of the best looking women in the world. urlLink Make us proud, Hugh , at least, according to urlLink British Vogue : "NEWLY-SINGLE Jemima Goldsmith and eternal bachelor Hugh Grant were again spotted at the same event last night, adding fuel to the rumours currently doing the rounds that the pair may be about to become an item. They arrived separately at urlLink David Frost's annual garden party , a regular feature of the summer social scene, at which other glamorous attendees included urlLink Elle Macpherson and urlLink Sienna Miller . Pictured for the first time since her divorce from Imran Khan became public, Jemima looked ice cool and elegant in white lace. Grant was less so as he was pictured rushing in, his face set into something of a grimace. The stunning heiress was first linked to the actor after they were spotted enjoying a night on the tiles at London club Annabel's (named after Jemima's mother, Lady Annabel Goldsmith ), last month, shortly before Jemima's divorce was announced. Grant has been linked with a string of glamorous women since his split from long-term love Elizabeth Hurley, but remains resolutely single. As Jemima is now back on the singles market herself, perhaps we should watch this space." Perhaps. Out : urlLink Dan Rather . urlLink Why is this thus ? What is the purpose of this thusness? Why is Dan Rather a network news anchor? According to urlLink Drudge : "JENNINGS FIGHTS BACK, BEATS BROKAW: ABC 'WORLD NEWS' TOPS NBC 'NIGHTLY' FOR WEEK ENDING JULY 2, ALL 3 ANCHORS REPORTED FROM IRAQ ... "JENNINGS 8,630,000 VIEWERS" "BROKAW 8,290,000" "DAN RATHER 6,720,000" What's the frequency? I'll tell you what the frequency is, true believer: nearly two million less viewers, that's what; Dan Rather isn't even really competitive. In : Demi Moore . According to urlLink Jeanette Walls' Scoop : "'(Regarding) Fahrenheit 9/11' ... one celeb has already weighed in with an unofficial rave. A source was sitting behind Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher at the Hollywood premiere and says that Moore was 'really, really vocal' throughout the Bush-bashing documentary." The Corsair could make a crass but sly remark, scoring cheap points with regards to Moore being "vocal," but he will refrain, withholding satisfaction, lying in wait for the big payoff: "'She was hollering and cheering at the screen and yelling things at Bush,' says the source. 'And she was pumping the air with her fist and saying things like, That was really harsh and That was really crucial . '" What a coincidence, says The Corsair , slowly removing his red velvet gloves, pouring himself a glass of urlLink aged champagne , a reptilian-predatory look about his eyes. What a coincidence indeed , why ( The Corsair smiles, wanly), when I first saw the urlLink E! True Hollywood Story, the Demi Moore edition , I, too (Averted gaze), pumped my fists in the air, yelling, 'That Was Really Harsh," when Demi dumped her husband Freddy Moore, because he was not famous enough for her liking. And, what's more, I, too, spoke to my tv screen, saying 'That was really crucial,' when Demi's trailer park mom began selling secrets of her past to the highest tabloid bidder ( The Corsair softly chuckles, followed by a small closing cough of feigned detachment) Out : Oh, sweet Jesus, nononono (hits his screen) no -- this is just fucking disgusting; urlLink Rush and Molloy have entirely wrecked my appetite for lunch: "Macy Gray performed in nothing but a pair of Jimmy Choo shoes Monday night for the Elton John AIDS Foundation in London. Mercifully, for those of us who never really wanted to see her naked, Gray kept her privates concealed behind a chair." The Corsair shivers uncontrollably at the thought of Macy Gray's "privates" Dreadful, simply ghastly, really: Someone call the EPA Administrator, because this is naught else but pure pollution. In : urlLink Jessica Alba . I have a ( The Corsair makes quotation marks with his fingers out of thin air) "love jones" after Jessica Alba . Such a little hottie. If I had an interview with her -- which is technically impossible, unless Little Miss Jessica rescinds this little restraining order -- it would go something like this: The Corsair : Jessica, may I call you Jessica? Alba : Yes .. The Corsair: (Shivers) Alba : So, what do you want to know? The Corsair : Do you have any black in you? You have a sexy, dark look. Alba : No. The Corsair : (suggestively) Do you want some black in you? Two burly members of Alba's entourage attack The Corsair . Out : Et tu, Coco, et tu. The craziest story I've heard in a while, about former waif urlLink Irene Cara , former star of Fame and DC Cab, and former "girlfriend" (wink of wink)of Warren Beatty: "Twenty-four years ago, starring in the movie 'Fame,' Irene Cara promised us that she would live forever. "Now she may be trying to fulfill that dream. A recent dispute over the correct birth date for the 40-to-45-year-old Cara is just the latest example of an age-old debate in the parallel universe called celebrity. "It seems the famous are as scared as always of getting old. And publicists, eager to please their clients, are still fibbing to keep their starlets young. "Cara, whose real name is Irene Escalera, says she was born March 18, 1964. But several media outlets, including The Associated Press, have her birth date as March 18, 1959. "Cara's publicist, Bernie Roswig, recently called The AP requesting a correction on the year to 1964. But voter registration records from Florida, where she lives, have her birth year as 1959. "'There is no one more sensitive about their age than Irene,' said Roswig. 'But she is adamant she was born in 1964. I can't explain the voting record, and there's no way she wants to talk about it.'" crazy. How disturbing was that scene when the pornographer said to the whimpering Coco, 'Et tu.' In : And I've been terrible about spreading the love to these two sites I read daily and love -- probably more than I love Jessica Alba, but that forbidden love is rife with all sorts of perversions that ... I'd really rather not get into here: urlLink Old Hag and urlLink Miu Von Furstenberg . I couldn't get through the day without you.

 Michael Douglas' Brother Found Dead Sure, Catherine Zeta Jones' endlessly flowing rubies and emeralds make a swell story, and Michael Douglas' battle with sex addiction has been well chronicled, but there is a darker side to being one of the lesser luminaries of the Douglas clan, as urlLink Hello! Magazine tells us , sadly: "One of America's most celebrated showbiz dynasties is in mourning after Eric Douglas was found dead in New York. The body of Kirk Douglas' youngest son was discovered in a Manhattan apartment after an unidentified individual flagged down a passing police car. "The cause of death remains unknown, but 46-year-old Eric had a long history of substance abuse and police at the scene said they believed drugs were involved. Over the years the stand-up comedian had repeated clashes with the law and spent time in rehabilitation clinics." May he finally find the rest he searched for in this life.

 The NY Tabloid Gossip Wars Brandusa Niro's Fashionweekdaily has been aggressively covering what may rightly be called "The Gossip Wars," as they increasingly involve many of the major media players as well as stars like Howard Stern and nonentities like Douglas Dechert and New York Press editor-in-sleep, Jeff Koyen . Today, urlLink The Daily Spy's war reporting notes : "New York magazine scribe urlLink Vanessa Grigoriadis is making progress on her chronicle of urlLink the Ian Spiegelman saga , which has evolved into a story about urlLink New York's gossip wars , specifically the NY Post vs. the NY Daily News." This War, by the way, which makes the World War I look puny in comparison, has, at various times, snagged such media luminaries as urlLink Abigail Vona , urlLink Billy Bush of Access Hollywood (2nd item, link via urlLink Gawker ), Vanity Fair's urlLink Frank DiGiacomo (3rd item), urlLink Howard Stern and Beth Ostrowsky , urlLink AJ Benza , and, of course, Page Six and Lloyd Grove. Like World War I, it was caused, in large part, by arms escalation as well as a breaking of Bismarkian-like treaties. The competition between the Daily News gossip columnist (from back in the day) and Page Six is a New York tradition (remember Mitchell Fink?). Usually the feud ends with the Sixers being magnanimous. When Lloyd Grove got Ian Spiegelman fired, though, things escalated. And now Girgoriades, DiGiacomo, et al are being called in: "Grigoriadis, who is being assisted in her duties by New Yorks loose cannon/Intelligencer helper urlLink Jacob Bernstein , has had in-depth talks with the major players both in the urlLink Spiegelman set-to and the New York gossip world in general. Though cooperation has been forthcoming, the subjects should beware: New York magazine editor urlLink Adam Moss is no fan of gossip and has all but eradicated it from his own publication, so he may have little compunction about making everyone involved look like sleazy dirt merchants. In any case, New York will scoop Vanity Fairs Frank DiGiacomo, who has been working on a gossip piece of his own. We hear Spiegelmans newfound free-time has improved his work habits; hes said to have lined up a gig with music mag Blender and is also making headway on the manuscript of his second book, which has a bit of a roman a clef element, were told, including scenes set at his former workplace." To borrow from the guy in the hockey mask from Mad Max, "... just walk away ..."

 USA: Waif Nation The Corsair is not just a cute Ugandan-born blogger making his way through this city. Nooooo; you're so not catching the full effect of this revolutionary thing that I'm trying to do here. The Corsair is also a social anthropologist of the highest order, a sort of Amateur sociologist supreme ... well, okay , but I'm still good at it and I have a degree in the social sciences, so you better recognize . Of course, when a trend emerges, a vexing trend, something new and vaguely threatening, The Corsair comes out of the wilderness, web shooters at the ready, to explain it to the waiting blogosphere at large. With snark. And a dash of wit. Sometimes I do this slightly drunk as I am particularly good at analysing social trends after the eighth tumbler of Cutty Sark. So much the better. For me, at least, anyhoo. So , let me let you in on a new trend, true believers: all the rage, au courant, if you will, and it rises with the fortunes of Senator John Edwards. The Waif, people. Edwards is a waif; not a Kucinich waif -- actually, The Kuc is more Elfin -- but a waif, to be sure. Independent film is tres bohemian; Obscure independent ethnic films with subtitles (for further reference, see the urlLink Film Forum's Ingmar Bergman Film Festival ) is waif -- as in, "didn't Ethan Hawke waiver on attending a screening?" . urlLink Prius ? Waif. urlLink The waifs are back ... those small, thin people are ruling the media. You know what a waif is now, don't you? Those slim, adorable, youthful Peter Pan-types (Michael Moore is an exception) who "won't grow up," what with their idealistic politics, and those large, liquid, Japanese anime-like eyes (awwwwww, can we keep 'em?). They tend to pull off the scruffy, nurtured in the wilderness look; the men sporting goatees (The Ethan), or, in the case of Prince, "slave" insignias (what a meaningful facial statement) in places where models will kiss and notice. They are delicate, so don't hug them too hard, they might break. Waifs tend to believe more in ideas and social justice than in money and power, often spurning social advancement on behalf of their integrity, causing Machiavellian Manhattan types to whisper, confused -- "what the fuck?!" urlLink Paul Fussell wrote about them as "Category X" in his masterpiece vivisection of American social life, urlLink Class . They lack appropriate body mass (look, for example, to urlLink Fiona Apple and Bob urlLink Dylan or even Daniel Day-Lewis) and are often vegans (Moby), eschewing feeding off another living animal, turning from what they call the cycle of "reciprocal maintenance" -- eating and being eaten, like at Hollywood Studios. Others, to wit, may be devotees to really exotic and rare ethnic foods -- the more odd the better, as if, almost, to suggest that they are less physical than otherworldly creatures, influenced less by mundane gravity than by cosmic rhythms ("are you up for Mongolian today, guys"). They tend to like France (see Johnny Depp ), almost in spite of how everyone else feels about the subject, and they believe in things like "solar power" and "international law" and "world government" ("suckers"). If they are not international celebrities (no such luck here) or artistically inclined (many are, some are not), they aspire to live in fashionable neighborhoods and gravitate towards jobs at "nonprofits," or arts managaement or radical politics and odd spiritual movements, like the Open Center in New York, or Esalen in California. Some also like vocations that bring them into contact with beauty and social beauty (Kate Moss). God bless their naive, waifish hearts. Here are some prominent waifs on the media radar: urlLink Jesus Christ : Fashionable, thanks to urlLink The Passion of the Christ . Eccentric. Against the status quo. Wore long hair, ranted against the moneychangers in the temple. Political idealist ("what's this mess about turning the other cheek?"). Probably was scruffy. Most influential waif. urlLink Michael Jackson : Disgraced waif. Took that Peter Pan thing to a whole new level (Averted gaze). urlLink Edgar Allan Poe : Eccentric waif. Inventor of The Detective Novel (Rue Morgue). Large bulbous headed geek god. Idolized by Fellini, more popular in Europe than in US. Like fellow waifs DH Lawrence and Virginia Woolfe, a spectacular, if unheralded, literary critic. Died under mysterious circumstances -- way ahead of the curve. urlLink Ralph Nader : Bitter, iconoclastic waif. urlLink Alanis Morissette : Sometimes overly revealing in her music. Crazy, perverted chick. Went down on some dude in ... a ... theater. Thanks for sharing. Canadian, maybe that's her problem. urlLink Consults the Eiffel Tower for love advice . Freaky. Your typical Aquarius. urlLink Richard Linklater : part of the waif Holy Trinity with quasi existentialist screenwriting buddies urlLink Julie Delpy and urlLink Ethan Hawke . urlLink Janine Garofalo : Unpredictable spitfire. Stalled budding indie film career in Hollywood by signing on as an unpaid Air America radio host. Ruined tv career by mentioning the lack of women at Saturday Night Live, and publicly taking on the Second Iraq War as urlLink her pilot was being checked out by ABC. urlLink Marcel Proust : Liquid-eyed Patron Saint of waifs. The definitive chronicler of the waif-important subjects of consciousness and aristocracy. Ge urlLink orge Stephanopoulos and urlLink Gwyneth Paltrow : The sell out waifs. Dropped the waif cred to sell out to "the man." urlLink Dave Eggers : Scruffy object of affection from Williamsburg. McSweeny Collective founder. urlLink Johnny Depp : Doesn't live in Hollywood; appears to value "fame" and "celebrity" about as much as he does a muggy afternoon. Will never sell out to "The Man," but likes to attack those who do, like urlLink Nicholas Cage . Quirky roles; The Craft over Oscars. Lives in France. Bohemian. urlLink Knocked up galpal Vanessa Paradis at a "socially inappropriate" time. urlLink Mozart : Youthful child prodigy. Died young. Patron saint. His music tends to be played at waif events. urlLink Whit Stillman : Rare, dying breed: WASP waif, for further reference, see urlLink Caulfield, Holden . urlLink Christiane Amanpour : Though a recent mother of a young child, Christiane repeatedly goes into the thick of war zones to cover the War on terrorism. We love you Christiane, but what the fuck ?! urlLink Noah Baumbach : Next to Wes Anderson and Richard Linklater, the patron saint film director of waifs. urlLink Uma Thurman : Named after a Buddhist goddess. Played an un waif-like karate killer. Mitigating factor : The Bride was out for idealistic "Justice." urlLink Joan Didion : Preternaturally thin essayist. Resolved: Move over B-Listers. Waifs rock.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : It's homecoming for the New York Times' urlLink Cathy Horyn , according to urlLink WWD's Miles Socha , it's all now, apparently, de-lovely between her and de Helmut: "The Helmut Lang mens show in Paris on Sunday represented a homecoming of sorts for Cathy Horyn . Since October 2002, the designer has barred The New York Times critics from his shows, saying he simply didnt like the papers point of view on fashion. Meanwhile, Horyn who has described Langs womens clothes as heavy, overthought and gimmicky in the past said she was 'thrilled' to receive an invitation. 'Two years is a long time. Too long,' she said. Horyn is expected to review Langs show in a report on the Paris mens shows today." Too long ... yes (pensive), women have said the same of The Corsair ( The Corsair modestly averts his gaze and gives a Sphynx-like smile, arranging himself, elegantly, in three-quarter profile as the light catches a sly twinkle in his intelligent eyes as he tilts his head back and lets out a soft chuckle). Out : Lunkheaded urlLink Joey Tribbianni . Apparently the pilot episode of urlLink NBC's Joey has been leaked on the web . That's bad. As a urlLink Corsair , a pirate, however, I feel the need to alert you ("Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum") about this booty. And, not that I advocate anything of the sort, but a good place to look -- if you go in for that sort of thing (averted gaze), and I most certainly (feigned cough) don't -- might be the urlLink FriendsCafe . But I'm not into that whole downloading of pilot episodes. Besides , true believers, I'll bet there are still no black people. Even on the website purporting to have the pilot download. Whatever . In : urlLink The New York Post . Not since that quixotic urlLink Dewey Beat Truman photo , as the Post's detractors would have you believe, has there been a more egregious error in reporting; urlLink rise up journos , urlLink fight , rise up urlLink Alec Baldwin , rise up all those luminaries who have been pummelled by the Post! Sheesh : Lighten up, guys, it's the summer; air out those shortpants; they made a mistake, actual human beings edit the Post, and, on the evening of a national holiday, urlLink boo boos are made . And sure, this morning I was also "bewildered" (god, I love that word) about how a conservative leaning paper, such as the urlLink Alexander Hamilton's Post , could gain such inside scoop into the Kerry thought process that neither NPR nor Air America had access to, they made a boo boo. Smile. Hold on to the copies, they are sure to become historical curios for media geeks, like us; hold up your copy proudly against your TV sets when Howie Kurtz does the inevitable urlLink Reliable Sources on the subject this Sunday upcoming. I still have love for you, NY Post. Or maybe I'm just kissing ass here on a galactic scale. Out : M. Night Shyamalan is trying to hide his own secrets, according to urlLink Rush and Molloy today: "The filmmakers say that, after hunting down childhood friends and neighbors, they uncovered what they called a urlLink 'pivotal event' in the life of the reclusive director, who was born in India and grew up in suburban Philadelphia. "(Nathaniel)Kahn and (Callum)Greene say their subject grew upset by their questions and, after walking out of an interview, called in his lawyers to try to shut down the project. "Originally slated to air last fall, it's now set for broadcast July 18. "An ongoing legal struggle prevents the filmmakers from revealing Shyamalan's hidden past until then. "'There's one secret that's surrounded by others,' Greene tells (Rush and Molloy). 'We felt that we were finding breadcrumbs through this forest and we followed them.'" The Corsair shivers. "Shyamalan's rep didn't return a call." The Corsair shudders. In : urlLink British Vogue has already swooped down on diva-in-training, Wimbeldon winner, urlLink Maria Sharapova , the coolest 17-year old in the world; I wish she's let some of the "cool dust" that covers her blow my way: " MARIA SHARAPOVA may have only just hit the celebrity big time, but she's already proved herself worthy of fashion note. The 17-year-old Wimbledon winner had Louis Vuitton open especially for her on Sunday so that she could choose an outfit for the Champions' Dinner in the evening. While she was there, she chose a red mini skirt and pink top to wear while watching Roger Federer conquer Andy Roddick in the men's final, and for the evening she accessorised a cream chiffon and satin evening dress with jewelled shoes, a turquoise Theda evening bag and chandelier earrings. '[She] is an absolute advertiser's dream,' PR expert Max Clifford said of Sharapova, who has vowed to buy herself a silver Porsche and her parents a BMW each with her ($ 1,025,000) prize money. 'In 10 years, she could earn ($183 million). It is the kind of rags to riches story we love.'" Pardon me, urlLink Allegra , But: When is she legal again? Out : Jessica Alba and Derek Jeter, according to that significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine : "New York Yankee Derek Jeter is hitting it big with Honey actress urlLink Jessica Alba . The baseball captain, 30, hooked up with the hotter-than-hot actress on June 18 at Hollywood's Spider Club, where they partied until 1 a.m. "The next day, the couple spent most of the evening paired up at Hollywood's XES club at a corner table. 'She was touching him, flirting with him and totally batting her eyes at him,' says an eyewitness. Once again, the pair stayed until the early morning hours -- leaving separately only to reunite at his black SUV in the parking lot. After two dates with Alba, 23, Jeter's Yankees lost two out of three games to the L.A. Dodgers. Hmm, too many late nights, Derek? "A source tells Star that the couple rendezvoused the last time the Yanks were in California to play the Anaheim Angels in May. 'Jessica picked up Derek in her car after each game,' says the source. 'They stayed at the Hilton Anaheim, and they were always making out in the hallways.' So, I'm playa hating. So what? Alba is so hott, it's outrageous; how was I supposed to know that shorty was serious about the restraining order. Jeter beat me to it. Alba likes her black men rich, cafe au lait, and unsung in the blogosphere, or so it would appear. Her loss. Jessica ... call me ?

 Will Harvey Bolt the Mouse House? That other urlLink short fingered vulgarian Harvey Weinstein of Miramax, according to those wonderful urlLink Page Sixers , "is likely to bolt from the highly successful movie studio he founded as early as this week." Damn . Although urlLink Bertolluci decribed Harv as "the Sadaam Hussein of cinema," The Corsair prefers to think of him as more urlLink Baby Doc-like , with the Begian Chateaux exit strategy as an exercisable option, u urlLink nah mean ? urlLink Mirablile Dictu , Those urlLink fabulous Sixers : "Under the plan being considered, Weinstein would leave to start his own movie company and Miramax would distribute his films, sources say. Harvey's brother and Miramax co-founder Bob Weinstein is expected to stay at the company, where he runs Dimension Films, a Miramax division that focuses on medium-budget action and horror films. Another possible outcome is for the Weinsteins to buy the entire Miramax studio back, although Eisner has been telling associates he doubts the brothers would be able to raise the money. "As urlLink PAGE SIX previously reported , one scenario being discussed is for urlLink Weinstein and urlLink Pixar Animation Studios chief Steve Jobs to team up and make a run for MGM, the studio that is on the block for about $5 billion. "Weinstein is also close to investment banker Steve Rattner, and many in the media industry have speculated that he may take a role in backing Weinstein." Here's a little something I wrote in January: For years urlLink I have dogged Michael Eisner's Simian ass . He has been ridiculous in his dealings with Pixar , which is the centerpiece, nay, the pearl of urlLink Disney's animation operation. In point of fact , it is on the backs on profits eked from it's parasitic deal with Pixar that Eisner -- who holds onto the reins of power at Disney ("my preciousss ") with the urlLink tenacity of an African dictator -- urlLink still has a fucking job . Eisner was playing the prototypical overmanly Hollywood Power Player game -- talk tough, urlLink concede nothing , bully, hector and, when all else fails, threaten lawsuit -- on Steve Jobs . You know, in Power Player fashion he was just fucking with Job's' head. Why? Dont ask me; The Corsair is rather naive waif on these matters, prefering urlLink Augustine's red-bronze caritas to urlLink Nietzsche's dark sepia-colored struggle-of-the-fittest devisings. But now Eisner, the rat who may sink Disney, has handed over to his competition a sorely needed asset . And what would happen (takes out The Corsair's infamous crystal ball, spinkles some Haitian herbs, and says some juju) if Steve Jobs hammers out a deal with, oh, say --- Jeffrey Katzenberg's urlLink SKG ? Huh? What then, fucker? I'll tell you what : Eisner's ego will have given his arch nemesis -- urlLink "the midget" -- the tool needed to break Disney's animation back. Pixar's every victory over Disney will be fussed over by the Hollywood press and agonized over by shareholders who lost out becuase Eisner was looking out for his ego. I could easily see Steve Jobs being that vengeful a motherfucker and SKG offering a very sweet deal indeed to indulge him. A sweet deal for Jobs but a bitter one for Eisner and a Cruella de Ville of a nightmare for Eisner's shareholders. Indeed.

 Martha: "Look at Nelson Mandela ..." &nbsp; Last night, according to urlLink CVTv -- I was out drinking -- "Martha, Martha Martha" Stewart compared herself, rather quixotically,&nbsp;to urlLink Nelson Mandela : &nbsp; "Being interviewed by Barbara Walters on ABC Friday night, domestic diva Martha Stewart, who's been sentenced to five months in prison, compared herself to South African hero Nelson Mandela who spent 27 years in prison for his anti-apartheid beliefs. 'There are many, many good people who have gone to prison,' Stewart said. 'Look at Nelson Mandela.'" &nbsp; But the best lines are reserved for urlLink the ABC web site , which says, almost tongue in cheek, the soft chuckles escaping: &nbsp; "When asked how she would handle prison food, fellow inmates and strip searches, she said, 'I could do it I'm a really good camper. I can sleep on the ground ...&nbsp;If it is looming ahead of me, I'm going to have to face it, and take it and do it and get it over with. And there's many other people that have gone to prison. Look at Nelson Mandela.'" &nbsp; Glad to know that Martha can sleep on the ground and endure the meat surprise, but, of course, now we know that&nbsp;she won't have to: her bed will do just fine. The Mandela reference, however,&nbsp;escapes us entirely. Entirely ! &nbsp; How does 27 years&nbsp;of boinb locked down on Robben's island, in the punishing "C-Section,"&nbsp;&nbsp;in the struggle for racial equality relate,&nbsp;even remotely --remotely -- compare&nbsp;to five months of home confinement and&nbsp;a $30,000 fine for her role in a stock deal gone awry? &nbsp; ABC continues: &nbsp; "During the trial, for example, the press scrutinized her wardrobe and suggested that she appeared arrogant and haughty to the jury. Even urlLink her choice of handbags was noted, particularly a Hermes Birkin handbag, said to cost at least $6,000. "Stewart said the focus on her handbag was unfair. 'Do you know that that is my only handbag. Do you know that? Do you know how many handbags I own? And that I bought that handbag I think it was 12 or 14 years ago. I bought that for myself when I felt successful enough to buy a beautiful handbag. And it did not cost $6,000 12 or 14 years ago.'"&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Why is it that right about now I feel as if I was just scolded by one of those urlLink Fifth Avenue Ladies Who Lunch because I almost stepped on her pet lapdog, as she was in between "shopping adventures"?

 A Little of the Old In and Out In: urlLink Fashionweekdaily's Daily Spy is all over the gossip at David Pecker's American Media: "The latest staffer to says sayonara to urlLink Bonnie Fuller at Star magazine is Nathan Cooper, the popular senior editor and former Harper's Bazaar scribe, who added urlLink a dash of glamour to the tabloid and was in charge of all its events coverage. Cooper is signing on to American Media rival Bauer Publishing's (In Touch parent) upcoming celeb mag launch, Life & Style Weekly, set to debut in November." urlLink Fashionweekdaily continues : " ... JUST ASKING: Meanwhile, while we usually leave urlLink guessing Page Six blind items to our friends at other (delicious) websites , the lead riddle today can't pass without comment. Could it be that the former American Media exec, who's this close to filing a lawsuit, is Richard Valvo, the gravelly-voiced AMI PR man, who saw chief David Pecker through many a media crisis? Valvo was ousted by Bonnie Fuller, who first brought in hapless flack, XXXXXX, to assume Valvo's duties vis--vis Star before she poached astute Stu Zakim from rival Us Weekly. Out : The Northeast political landscape is changing, lightening fast. First, urlLink Connecticut Governor Rowland was ousted . Now, New Jersey Governor urlLink Jim McGreevey is feeling the heat . New York State Assembly Speaker urlLink Sheldon Silver is under fire , spending $15,000 to counter charges of corruption. And, finally, completing the labyrinth of Northeast corridor power players, urlLink Joseph Bruno is being dumped by the Conservative line . That's not even to mention Andrea Bernstein important public radio piece this week on, as urlLink the NPR site describes : "In late 2002 word began to emerge that New York City Correction Department employees were working on Republican political campaigns -- often while on-duty. Now, in the WNYC News documentary: Politics and Punishment on Rikers Island, Andrea Bernstein takes a close look how and why jail supervisors organized hundreds of their employees as campaign foot soldiers - in apparent violation of city law. " Read the transcript of this important program urlLink here . The old order changes. But what will arise to urlLink fill the vacuum ? In: According to urlLink British Vogue's News Bites: " urlLink LULU GUINNESS this week welcomed guests at her Bleecker Street boutique in New York to honour her participation in Contreau's ' urlLink Cointreauversial ' ad campaign. Warmed by Guinness' sangria (a powerful mixture of Remy Martin, Piper Heidsick, Cointreau, grape juice and fruit) and snacks from Da Silvano, guests including urlLink Charlotte Ronson , urlLink Lucy Sykes and her pregnant sister Alice spilled out of the tiny boutique and onto the sidewalk. Fifteen per cent of the sales inside were donated to Safe Space, a New York City charity for underprivileged and abused children. " Out : As urlLink The Defamer lets us know in his world weary been-there-done-her Hollywwod oily but cool manner that, yes, the B-Listers are different than us, dear reader, the C-Listers ( The Corsair lets out a melancholy, urlLink Charlie Brown-like Autumnal sigh ).: " urlLink Wizbang deconstructs the battle plan of former Survivor contestant/VH1 host Jenna Lewis once her urlLink sex video showed up for sale on the internet . [Ed.note--Lewis is steadfastly C-list. She couldn't get on the B-list if she was filmed giving Vin Diesel a reacharound.] You are a B-list celebrity... A wedding night porn video of you has just hit the Internet, and now you are expected to go into damage control mode. Some wonder whether you secretly engineered the release. How should your PR firm respond? "1. Issue a press release weeks after the video debuts. "2. Make sure everyone knows that you are not happy about the video appearing on the Internet. "3. Plug the site carrying the video that you are 'fighting mad' over. " And how would an A lister handle it? "Naturally, if you're an A-list celebrity in a urlLink boring, harmless titty video , your first move is to send scary cease-and-desist letters." Too true. In : God, I love me some urlLink LA.com's blog and their blind items. To wit: "What gives with that edgy, eccentric and insanely well paid star? Years of movies and TV have made him so incredibly rich, he never has to work another day in his life if he doesnt damn well feel like it. Hes always got an amazingly hot young thing clinging to his hunky arm and, careerwise, seems to be on top of the world. But yet waiters hate to see him walk into a restaurant because he tips as if hes down to his last dime. He dresses like a rag man, constantly clips newspaper coupons--and the rare times he shops, its only at sales and thrift shops. Although he lives in a fabulous old LA spread, most of the rooms are completely empty. His parsimonious ways have cost him more than a few friends and several famous girlfriends. Jeez guy, cut loose with a buck once in awhile, will you?" Everyone on the board is saying Keanu Reeves, but this guy has barely done tv. I think it's someone else. Out : Okay, urlLink this Rance fellow -- you know, the celebrity blogger -- he's starting to get on my nerves, what, with that whimsyish dialog; The Corsair does not fancy whimsy ... it is redolent of ... whim : "Im always interested by why people are late. Be it an important meeting, a doctors appointment, a wedding, theres always a story there." What the fuck ? Can't you almost imagine that cloying Andy Rooney voice, except without the mitigating factors of age or Cute Old Man as variables. I think it's time to organize a little blogiverse beat down, n'est ce-pas?

 The Best of The Corsair &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Corsair's Remote Control Tour Diary &nbsp; urlLink USA: Waif Nation &nbsp; urlLink An Interview With John Kerry's Hair &nbsp; urlLink Mia Farrow's Mission &nbsp; urlLink 70s tv &nbsp; urlLink Dick Morris vs Bill Clinton &nbsp; urlLink 2003&nbsp;Corsair Year End Awards &nbsp; urlLink Tyson vs. Snipes &nbsp; urlLink RZA is Crazy &nbsp; urlLink McCain and Kerry &nbsp; urlLink Diana Vreeland Loved Soul Train &nbsp; urlLink On George Stephanopoulos&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; urlLink Samuel Jackson's Subway Nightmare &nbsp; urlLink Trump Loves Pennies &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; And this raucous rant (I was so much better in the old days, no?): &nbsp; Out: urlLink Luciano Pavarotti . Not a fan. Never was. He was cheesy. So, I'll "excavate" an old blog, from December 13, 2003, that tells my feelings better than I could myself: &nbsp; Right off the bat I am not going to say that I am a fan of Opera as a species, per se, although the early operas of Monteverdi have moved me, what with their odd sense of acceleration of pace and repetitions of phrase. I have found myself caught in the funk, so to speak, on those occasions, and have been known to move my midsection vigorously, to oscillate wildly, like Courtney Cox in that godawful urlLink Springsteen video . Whatever. &nbsp; Not that Luciano Pavarotti would ever include Early Music in his pre-processed cheesy repertoire. So, as you can guess, I do not see the need for his physical coming-to-be in Western Civilization, although I am vaguely aware that he actually does exist. He's big with bored housevives in the Midwest, isn't he? &nbsp; Anyhoo : The big man urlLink got all pimped out for his wedding to his 30-year old ex-secretary, Nicoletta Mantovani (ed note: this is from December 2003). How cliche is that, anyway? &nbsp; And with The Corsair, the only sins are sins of cliche ... and tackiness ... and Pavarotti is the king of tackiness; his tack is very very nessy. We like to call him Louche-iano Pavaratti, in my little media precinct of one. The dyed jet-black beard is highly implausible, my sweet readers -- highly! --and that fake ever-present smile (sotto voce) so fake, creeps us out. And then there's that cheesy Three Tenors video where Arnold Shwarzenegger sits in the front row, fairly busting out his tuxedo, applauding loudly, sweet, sweet sophisticated readers: That was the moment that Oswald Spengler so tragically predicted, rendered agonically in Decline of the West. Yuck!Reuters reports: &nbsp; "'Alice joyfully invites you to the wedding of daddy Luciano and mummy Nicoletta,' read the invitation from the couple's 11-month-old daughter." &nbsp; Ababymommy . They continue: &nbsp; "A host of stars, including Irish rocker Bono and Italian singer Zucchero, turned out for the wedding which was eagerly anticipated by Italian gossip magazines and television chat shows." &nbsp; Well, if Zucchero was there, then it must indeed have been the thing to do on that particular evening. &nbsp; But the true story -- and The Corsair is nothing if not a bloodhound on the search for scoop -- lies with Adua, jilted wife number one. &nbsp; Somewhere the urlLink well-paid Adua is speaking of things Pavarotti from behind clenched teeth and making broad and fast arm movements as is the Italian manner when emotional issues are involved. And boy would I like a translator to decipher that scoop. &nbsp; Because we all understand the language of jilt. What? You mean you've never excavated the archaeology of "dumped"? It's just me being bitter? Okay (gets highly agitated) ... : whatever .

 Lionel Ritchie and Lenny Kravitz: Kicking Ass and Taking Names According to the urlLink 3 AM Girls , affable pop balladeer urlLink Lionel Ritchie and his more hard edged, "aromatic" hombre, urlLink Lenny Kravitz came to the UK to chew bubblegum and kick ass; and guess what? -- they are all out of bubblegum : "FORGET about Spider-Man and his superhero pals... there's a new crime-fighting duo in town. "Swanky nightclub urlLink Chinawhite was on the verge of descending into a frenzy of flying fists on Monday night. "But, before World War Three could break out, in swooped a couple of unlikely heroes to save the day. "So, which mild-mannered celebrities saved a naughty record exec from a savage beating? "None other than Lionel 'The Rocket' Richie and laid-back lothario Lenny 'The Loins' Kravitz." The Corsair shouts over the cheering crowd, "It's On !!! It's On Like Gray Poupon!!" "Our spy at the West End venue said: 'Trouble started when a man approached this record exec and accused him of making a move on his girlfriend. He was furious. He reckoned the exec had been getting hot and heavy with his other half. "'Who knows if it was true or not, but he seemed convinced. "'He was devastated.'" The Corsair grabs some unsalted popcorn and is riveted to the screen. "According to our source the furious guy landed a couple of nasty punches on his love rival, including a belter to his beak." "'Kerpow!! Like a latter-day Batman and Robin we hear (Lionel Ritchie and Lenny Kravitz) kicked the troublemaker straight into touch." No-fucking-way ; how cool is that? Ed Note : Due to work commitments, no blog tomorrow.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Liquid Generation says that urlLink Lindsay Lohan is a Drunken Wreck (this evil, evil little link comes from Hell via urlLink Defamer ). Hey, she's 18 now; that's our defense and we're sticking to it. Out : urlLink Scott Stereogum's Mandy Moore photo ... so choice, I highly recommend it. In : urlLink Catwoman is going to be such the stinker on a truly galactic scale that I think I just might go, you know , to see the carnage, like people's eyes bleeding and people fleeing Loews with their hands covering their noses. It stars box office jinx urlLink Sharon Stone and Oscar winner Halle Berry in the urlLink worst-looking superhero headgear ever , on the cause of Halle's hair vanity. urlLink Defamer weighs in: "Surefire Sign That Your Movie Marketing Department Is About Ten Minutes From Mass Suicide: The last-ditch recruitment of Barbie to promote your lite S&M stinker to the last demographic not poisoned by your movie's negative hype, seven-year-old girls." Oh, this is going to be sooo bad. Let me get this straight: Halle, in shredded leather pants and a midriff-baring bustier, beats up musclebound baddies? Hmmm. Highly Implausible ... Out : Those merry urlLink Page Sixers inform us : "our spies say Ivana was rattled after running into her ex Donald's new bride-to-be, Melania Knauss, at urlLink the Dior show . 'She was not happy,' our source says. 'Everyone had to run around finding her a new place to sit. They ended up both in the front row but across the runway from each other. Ivana feels threatened by her.'" The Corsair sheepishly raises his hand: Okay , suggestion, to avoid those feelings of inferiority in the face of the new wife, Ivana might want to, like shave off that last name and go back to her more "empowering" maiden name. Just a suggestion. In : urlLink Legal guardians , baby, they are so "in," that they are the new urlLink Michael Ian Black . According to urlLink Gawker (link via urlLink AFP ), Court Love (I know, I wasn't supposed to write about her anymore, and I tried ... for two whole days ...), Love started the trend, which is vaguely BDSM with overtones of " urlLink Top " and " urlLink Bottom ," or, as that old Phenomenologist of the Spirit urlLink Hegel might call it, urlLink the Master-Slave dialectic : "We're suddenly jealous: Courtney Love has a legal guardian. Get this -- you can declare yourself incompetent and make someone else do everything for you! Show up at your court hearings, take care of your kids, do the dishes -- hell, I bet I could even get someone to do my blow for me! This whole guardian idea is bitching!" We so agree. Out : Congressman urlLink Harold Ford, Jr . Call me a playa hater, drunk off a gallon of haterade, but this guy is just too ambitious. He's urlLink dangerously ambitious , urlLink sinisterly ambitious . He tried to unseat urlLink House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi at, get this, the age of 32 ; He appeared in Robert Downey's documentary urlLink The Last Party ; he was conspicuous in nearly every episode of my beloved urlLink K Street ; and being named one of People Magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People in the World. And now, according to the vapid urlLink Cindy Adams, that bastard is getting toasted by Justin Trousersnake : "THE Democratic Convention later this month in Boston. Guess who's giving a party? Guess. Just guess. Give up? That bastion of political know-how, that international savant, that well-known Democratic think-tank Justin Timberlake. I'll repeat that because nobody's going to believe this. Justin Timberlake. He comes from Tennessee. He will thus host a happening for the Tennessee Congressman Harold Ford Jr. At least that's what I think the guy's name is and if it isn't, so what." Someone please check under his hair for urlLink the mark of the beast . Please. Hurry. In : urlLink Andre 3000 and Alicia Silverstone were named urlLink PETA's "World's Sexiest Vegetarians." Someone please fetch me a chicken fried steak! urlLink Ananova writes: "When asked recently how he would spend his last day on earth, Andre replied: 'I'd probably go for a great meal - some broccoli probably, because I'm a vegetarian.' "Silverstone, meanwhile, said: 'Once I became vegan, my nails were stronger, my skin was glowing, I lost urlLink a lot of weight .'" Out : urlLink AJ Benza . We are a little miffed at AJ Benza, as he stiffed our pal Michael Musto on a scoop. urlLink Musto says it all accurately : "I recently asked Corsair blogsman RON MWANGAGUHUNGA to get A.J. BENZA to elaborate on a Corsair item that the gossip mook was hosting a reality show. 'I'd do anything for Musto,' A.J. responded to Ron, swearing he'd forward the info shortly. Instead, he adorably gave it to Page Six! And he used to be the fun kind of corrupt. Now where's that redemption window?" You owe Musto one, AJ; do the right thing, be a goodfella, we still love you. In : East Sussex , baby, in the UK. That significant cultural artifact urlLink Star Magazine reports, "We already knew Johnny Depp was a Francophile, and now it's safe to call him an Anglophile too. Depp, 41, fell for a $4.7 million Georgian estate in picturesque Rye, East Sussex, during a trip to the U.K. in May, says a source." urlLink The Mirror reported on July 9th, "SEEMS Johnny Depp isn't the only celeb to have fallen in love with the picturesque village of Rye in East Sussex. "The Pirates Of The Caribbean star recently bought a house there and now we hear Brad Pitt and wife Jennifer Aniston are looking for a property there too. "Our agent tells us: 'It's a beautiful place and perfect for a couple looking to relax and get away from it all.'" The Corsair counts the minutes until the New York Times is writing a story on East Sussex, thereby officially signalling the end of that celeb trend. Out : Annabel Magazine ? According to urlLink British Vogue : "ANNABEL'S, the glamorous Berkeley Square nightclub named after founder, Mark Birley's former wife, Lady Annabel Goldsmith, is planning its own glossy magazine. Among the contributors to the publication, which is due to be launched during London Fashion Week in September, is urlLink Anthony Haden-Guest , who was immortalised as seedy hack Peter Fallow in Tom Wolfe's Bonfire of the Vanities. Haden-Guest's article will chronicle the history of the club that has over the decades played host to some of London's most starry nights. And to make sure he doesn't miss a trick, he has posted a message on an internet chat forum asking people for 'any memories [they] might have of specially memorable evenings there', adding, 'about some nights, I would be grateful for my own memory!'" We love Haden-Guest, that iron man party boy, but the magazine idea sounds dodgy.

 Reverend Al Communications, Inc? urlLink The Daily News' Phyllis Furman reports today that Reverend Al Sharpton, that sweet natured buffoon with the outdated urlLink bouffant , is on his way to becoming a media mogul: "Stand by for the newest marquee on the media landscape - Rev. Al Communications Inc. Al Sharpton, the civil rights activist turned TV star, has set up his own media company and is in talks with prominent black entrepreneurs and media execs about funding and guiding his urlLink burgeoning media biz career , sources close to Sharpton said. "'He's about to become a CEO,' a source said." The Corsair stands utterly speechless, contemplating urlLink the former FBI informant's moxie. " urlLink Sharpton - who already scored a reality TV show deal with cable net Spike TV and is a paid commentator for CNBC - is looking to fund everything from a TV production company to a syndicated radio program to magazine acquisitions and start-ups. "He's been approached by two of the country's leading African-American advertising moguls, Uniworld founder Byron Lewis and GlobalHue president Don Coleman . They are looking to pour dollars into the Sharpton media venture, sources said. "Both have been big supporters of his Madison Avenue Initiative, a group that seeks to draw ad dollars to black media. "And Sharpton is in talks with two African-American media execs to run the organization. Frank Mercado-Valdes is the former president of Heritage Networks, a syndicator of ethnic TV shows, who had butted heads with Sharpton years ago in a bitter battle over the Apollo Theater. Keith Clinkscales is the ex-president of publisher Vanguarde Media and former CEO of Vibe magazine. "Despite his media ambitions, Sharpton told the Daily News that his primary focus will continue to be his civil rights group National Action Network. He will also be campaigning heavily for John Kerry and is slated to address the Democratic National Convention. "'I want to do urlLink TV and radio as long as it doesn't interfere with my charitable work,' Sharpton said, calling in yesterday from L.A. where he was on the set of his Spike TV show 'I Hate My Job.'" The Corsair wants to do TV and radio as long as it doesn't interfere with his Cutty Sark. "But the Sharpton company marks the next big step for the former presidential candidate who earlier this year hired William Morris to field TV and radio offers. Sharpton's also being guided by his longtime spokeswoman Rachel Nordlinger and entertainment manager Bruce Charet ." Let me get this straight, Al Sharpton has an "entertainment manager"? Can someone say "Hollywood"? "William Morris has been holding talks with leading radio syndicators, including ABC Radio Networks, Premiere Radio networks and Westwood One as well as satellite radio company Sirius. The goal is to turn Sharpton into the Rush Limbaugh of the left." Well , Rush and Al do occupy approximately the same urlLink volume ... "When asked about the prospects of making serious money at this stage in his career, Sharpton said, 'I certainly haven't made money before.' "'I will involve black companies. I am going to open opportunities,' he added." Mi vida loca.

 Elton at Radio City Music Hall Yesterday's Radio City Music Hall Elton John gala is described thusly by the merry few at urlLink Fashionweekdaily : "Tuesday night, it was all about urlLink Elton . The concert opened with the music man seated at his piano on stage with an impressive 99-piece symphony orchestra and 62-voiced choir assembled behind him. John, dressed in a black suit with floral embellishments on the right sleeve, performed for over two hours to a packed audience that included such New York luminaries as Cynthia and Dan Lufkin, Eva Dillon, Bettina Zilkha, Howard Sobel, Amanda Hearst, Lauren, Sharon, and Ashley Bush." The very cool urlLink David Patrick Columbia gets existential in NY Social Diary : "Throughout the 70s as I was already grown up, but coming of age, the Elton John songs served as commentary, background, emotional reflections of that time, my age, our age. I never tired of him, of his delivery, his style; never tired of any of his material, especially those songs through the 1970s. When everything went CD, I started collecting him all over again. "Last night at Radio City Hall, I saw him (playing to a packed house) for the first time live in concert at a benefit he did for the Royal Academy of Music (where he was a scholarship student) and the Juilliard School of Music at Lincoln Center. He was accompanied by his band and the symphony orchestras of both schools. And he played and played and played. Tirelessly, he took us through a selection of his vast library of work. After forty-three years of performing all over the world 55 times at Madison Square Garden, this is his first time at Radio City Music Hall. (He has four more shows there through the weekend). "It was a rich evening for this writer, wrapped in the memories of growing up with Elton John?s songs."

 A Little of the Old In and Out urlLink Me droogs , how about a little of the old in and out? In : urlLink LA.com's blog runs this suculent and juicy blind item, fuck if I know who they are talking about, although someone on the board speculated Angelina Jolie, and another speculated Scarlett Johanssen: "Shes a sassy, sexy thang with a booming movie career that just wont quit. And it turns out shes got an appetite that just wont quit either. Just check out her curious habit of juggling several no-name boyfriends at the same time -- not all that hard a thing to do, considering how much time she spends filming and making the scene all around the planet. Why, shes even hired a couple of her anonymous studs to join the staff that waits on her hand and foot (not that she keeps them on very long once theyve outlived their usefulness). But Dolly knows that the real reason the lusty thing likes to keep her dating options in the multiples is because her favorite way to get her freak on is to do it in threesomes and foursomes and, yes, fivesomes." Out : Famous indie film asshole, Vincent Gallo, who famously had on-screen oral sex with former It Girl Chloe Sevigny in the laughable " urlLink Brown Bunny (and, somewhere in the mix, put a urlLink curse on the colon of harmless film critic Roger Ebert)," in urlLink Paper Magazine , just saying any old shit just to get a reaction: "(Gallo) On film festivals: 'I want to make a film with a handicapped Black Jew lesbian main character so I can win at Sundance.' On Tim Roth: 'Tim Roth is like holding a penis upside down to make it appear erect.' On Buffalo '66 co-star Christina Ricci: 'I don't like her. But it's okay. She's basically a puppet. I told her what to do, and she did it.' On Harmony Korine: ' ... a mini-dwarf, faggot date-raper.' On his hometown Buffalo: 'Like Deliverance with smoke stacks.'" Like a school on Saturday ... In : urlLink Town and Country Magazine , and their cover girl, the ethereal, beautiful urlLink Thandie Newton . During the Reagan 80s, Town and Country regularly ran features touting vacations in then Apartheid-era South Africa. Sad, but true. But all that is thankfully in the past, as urlLink Teri Agins of the Wall Street Journal notes : "By mid-1993, executives at Hearst Corp. decided to reinvent (Town and Country), and brought in urlLink Pamela Fiori , editorial director of American Express Co.'s magazines, as editor in chief. Ms. Fiori says she realized that 'the face of affluence was changing dramatically,' and resolved to change the magazine accordingly. An unlikely tenet of her new strategy: boost the visibility of prominent blacks and other minorities. "The most dynamic members of society were no longer scions, but often self-made 'doers,' Ms. Fiori reasoned, and they weren't necessarily white. Along with Asians, blacks and Latinos were gaining representation in the top income brackets, and Ms. Fiori set out to actively court them -- both as subjects and readers." The move is as shrewd as it is principled. "High Society," as opposed to, say, the jet set, is a cultural class on life support. Rumor has it that high society currently consists of 50 old ladies and their elegantly tended rose gardens in urlLink Newport Rhode Island ? So, Town and Country has embraced the upwardly-mobile minority readership in American society. Good for them, now, if only we could get Graydon Carter on board. Out : " Underripe Cheesecake ." Sounds unsavory, no? Okay , I was a little bit afraid to bring this up, you know, Patriot Act paranoia and all, but since urlLink Tom Scocca at the salmon-colored weekly did , then so will I. Was I the only one who was disturbed by urlLink last week's New York Magazine photographs of "underripe cheesecake" last week? Scocca writes: "Last weeks edition (of New York Magazine) ... betrayed a creepily underdeveloped id. "In a fashion spread titled 'Aprs Swim,' New York presented the 'latest swimwear inspired by the sultry feel of the seventies.' The swimsuits, the magazine explained, 'hark back to those long Montauk summers when Cheryl Tiegs and Peter Beard ruled the waves.' "But the shoot harked back more like nine years, not 30. Instead of evoking the sunny adult sexuality of Ms. Tiegs, shot by Mr. Beard, the photos echoed the urlLink creepy mid-90?s basement images of teenagers shot by Steven Meisel for Calvin Klein. "Things opened legally, if seamily, with a 20-year-old woman in a Tomas Maier swimsuit. In front of her, on a bed, lay a young man of unspecified age wearing 'towel, Vintage.' "Not all the models who followed were over the age of consent, though. A later shot presented a 15-year-old girl in a tiny black bikini, her developing body stretched out in an easy chair and one arm slung behind her head, pinup-wise. "Any resemblance to underripe cheesecake was strictly accidental, the magazine insisted. 'Come on,' New York spokesperson urlLink Serena Torrey wrote in an e-mail, 'this was hardly an Abercrombie & Fitch catalog. These were tasteful, arty fashion pictures.'" So, for the record, let me get this straight, Adam Moss believes that gossip is an unpalatable appetizer, but underripe cheesecake is fine for the main course? Just asking. In : Jerry Springer will cover the Democratic convention for WOIO Channel 19 in Cleveland, urlLink according to the Plain Dealer (link via urlLink Romenesko ): "A Cleveland news station has tapped a special correspondent with a nose for political scandal to cover the Democratic Party convention in Boston this month: urlLink Jerry Springer . "WOIO Channel 19 which already has wowed viewers with flashy graphics, breathless anchors and relentless hype will use Jerry Springer as a correspondent instead of its own reporters. 'He's well-connected and as plugged-in as any anchor or reporter we could send,' said news director Steve Doerr. "That's because urlLink Springer , who campaigned across Ohio last year in an exploratory bid for the U.S. Senate, is a Democratic delegate to the convention. State party leaders rewarded him with the slot for his fund-raising efforts. "'We were looking for an unusual way to cover it, with an unusual person who could give it an unusual bent,' Doerr said. 'Based on our unusual format, it seemed to be a decent fit.'" Is this the ultimate blurring of the line between entertainment and news? Is this a shrewd attempt to gain a local news broadcast buzz? The Corsair , actually, has an optimistic take on this development, despite what the great Howie Kurtz will probably report on exhaustively this Sunday. Springer was urlLink Democrat of the Year in Cleveland , had a powerful exploratory commission for a possible Senate run, is a delegate to the convention, urlLink a former news anchor at WLWT, a mayor, and worked on the Presidential campaign of Robert Kennedy. Is he a spectacle? Of course. Might he hasten the disintegration of the gravitas of Tv news? Possibly , but Springer is eminently qualified to serve as a special correspondent for television station WOIO in Cleveland. Comment here on on urlLink VH1's Best Blog Ever .

 Memorable Celebrity Fisticuffs Perhaps all the media attention regarding the urlLink 200th Anniversary of the Hamilton-Burr duel has gotten people a bit hot under the collar in these dog days of summer. Cans of whoop ass all over the city are being opened up. urlLink Gawker reported yesterday that the unhandsome Stanley Crouch went a little -- how shall we put it so as to keep it jazz-themed? -- "improvisational" on Dale Peck, he of urlLink the scathing review : "A little after two o'clock (yesterday), while novelist and book critic urlLink Dale Peck was lunching with the writer urlLink Linda Yablonsky at urlLink Tartine in the West Village, jazz critic/cultural commentator/novelist urlLink Stanley Crouch decided to introduce himself. (Peck had reviewed a novel of Crouch's a few years back; in response to that review, Crouch told Salon that Peck was "a troubled queen.") "At Tartine, Crouch shook Peck's hand, then, as a follow-up, smacked him in the face, saying 'if you ever did anything like that [presumably referring to the review] again, it'll be much worse.' Much worse than being bitchslapped in a public? "Crouch once also threw a punch at urlLink Howard Mandel , the president of the Jazz Journalists Association. If two equals trend (or maybe three? Didn't Crouch hit urlLink Harry Allen at the Village Voice, back in the day? (And wait, make that four -- didn't he slug the late letters editor urlLink Ron Plotkin at the Voice as well?) ) then it's pretty clear Crouch has, at best, some serious impulse control problems. Funny stuff, coming from a guy who's always railed about the 'politics of resentment' -- guess he's been carrying around a grudge for years." Celebrities, and we use that term very loosely in the case of Stanley Crouch, are not averse to the prospect of a spot of a little "rough and tumble." Here are some of my favorites over the fullness of time: urlLink Ophelia Roop writes of Mailer versus Vidal : "The most memorable confrontation between Norman Mailer and Gore Vidal occurred in the waning moments of their famous and infamous literary feud when each wanted to be considered America's leading wordsmith. The story went something like this: A famous hostess, whose name I've forgotten, either as an oversight or with her eye on publicity and notoriety, had invited both sages of American letters - Mailer and Vidal - to her gathering. Mailer, not a little drunk, had challenged Vidal to a fight and when Vidal had not responded, a frustrated Mailer had tossed his drink either in Vidal's face or elsewhere on Vidal's person. Unperturbed apparently, Vidal had said, 'Once again words have failed Norman,' and with this secured his place as America's leading wordsmith." urlLink Richard Johnson versus Joe Conason : "While (Richard Johnson) was on general assignment, he wrote a story about Ed Koch that garnered him a mention in Joe Conason?s 'Media Watch' column at the Village Voice. Conason called him the 'undependable Richard Johnson.' 'I called him up, and he said I could write a letter to the editor or sue him for libel,' says Johnson. 'I found him in his office. We were walking down the hallway. I threw a punch at him. It was only a glancing blow.'" That troublemaker urlLink Gore Vidal , it is said, jumped on his archenemy Truman Capote, who was sitting on a sofa, and excused himself, saying that he mistook the Southern writer for "a cushion." Ernest Hemingway nearly crushed George Plimpton's fingers on night, if not for the well timed intervention of a curious onlooker. urlLink Mike Tyson punched out Wesley Snipes over a girl ("later for you") Comedians Chevy Chase and Bill Murray had a urlLink full on brawl . Jack White of the White Stripes urlLink kinked Jason Stollsteimer of the Von Bondies' ass Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan is said to have one slapped Senator Kit Bond in the face.

 Class in New York City Granted , I gave this blog entry a really sexy title because I wanted you to head right on in, tossing caution to the wind, because no one really wants to talk about the pecking order in New York and I now will do so, somewhat, tentatively . Somehow the subject is deemed un-American , too British, and we, still trapped in what the now forgotten but once influential urlLink American sociologist VF Calverton (United States of Amnesia?) termed the "colonial complex," have issues with the idea of class, an idea that is at the backbone of Our Daddy urlLink Britain's sense of history and order . But there is a complex system of urlLink class , of course, as this urlLink Sunday NY Times Styles column makes painfully clear: "I have been working at urlLink Hue , a Vietnamese restaurant and lounge in the West Village, since shortly after it opened last summer. In the beginning it was a hit with a young, fast crowd because of one of its owners, Karim Amatullah. He has been in the night life business for years, starting as a promoter and most recently as an owner of Halo. So many celebrities have been coming that we have grown selective. Once, Chad Lowe's assistant called and asked if he could have a table in the next hour. 'Sorry,' I said, 'we're all booked.' "'Really? That's a shame because his wife, Academy-Award-winner-Hilary-Swank, is very hungry.' "'Ah, yes, something just opened up,' I say." A cautionary tale, to be sure; but one that is very, very indicative of class and power relations in the Big Apple. The degree to which urlLink the class system is in operation in our American democratic social experiment is, indeed, staggering. Anyone whose ever been on the unforgiving end of the velvet rope, as urlLink Sandra Bernhard brushes past you, says something to the rather plain looking lady with the clipboard and the headset, and is ushered right in behind the velvet rop (You didn't even say "pardon me," Sandra, you bitch). Or if you've spent some time in the tents at the fashion shows knows this to be true. I once had dinner with Greek millionaire playboy urlLink Taki Theodoracopoulos at urlLink Elaine's . After the dinner, as me, Taki and Christopher Buckley proceeded to down the volume of the Chesapeake in liquor he mentioned that if he had known I was such a good drinker he wouldn't just have seated me at the "second best table." Out of maybe 7 or 8 tables, Taki, ever the hierarchical-thinking European conservative, had created, at Elaine's, his own urlLink system of class , through the seating arrangements, from most important to least important table, all, I must add, in good humor, in relation and proximity to Taki . Our Sun God. (Ed Note. You are a marvelous host , Taki) urlLink That British asshole Toby Young also had an interesting story about Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter in his appropriately titled book urlLink How to Lose Friends & Alienate People (Little, Brown U.K.). On the first day on the job at Vanity Fair, Carter tells Young: "'You think you've arrived, doncha?' he said. 'I hate to break it to you but you're only in the first room.' He paused. 'It's not nothing -- don't get me wrong -- but it's not that great either. Believe me, there are plenty of people in this town who got to the first room and then didn't get any further. After a year or so, maybe longer, you'll discover a secret doorway at the back of the first room that leads to the second room. In time, if you're lucky, you'll discover a doorway in the back of the second room that leads to the third. There are seven rooms in total and you're in the first. Doncha forget it.''This, I later discovered, was Graydon's 'seven rooms' speech, a pep talk he gives to all new recruits." urlLink Dirk Standen of Gotham Magazine reviewed the book, saying: "At times, Young exhibits a level of admiration for his ex-boss that borders on hero worship. But Carter, the erstwhile editor of the satirical monthly Spy, also comes across as an occasionally grandiose character in the book. He likes to greet new recruits with an intimidating speech about the 'seven rooms'of power, and he boots Young out of a front row seat at a Calvin Klein fashion show with the words: 'Toby, you can't sit in the front row. You're still in the first room.'" If there are indeed seven rooms, and Graydon Carter is not just a bloviating gasbag, then urlLink Richard Johnson and his merry band of urlLink Page Sixers stand at the gate guarding the keys. From personal experience of one who was once mentioned in Page Six (it was about an interview I did with urlLink David Lynch ) I was the beneficiary of one day of glory. It was something, I'll tell you . And, similarly, the keys to the Avant Garde room, the Downtown Room, the place where everything experimental and new is going on -- wait : would they even have a room, and wouldn't keys be considered too bourgeois? -- are held in the hands of the excellent urlLink Michael Musto and urlLink David and Kim at Paper . There's no way I can really get into the subject in this blog because there are so many levels of power and class in the city -- restauranteur spheres of power, lawyer spheres of power, business relations of class, publicist social distinctions, independent film centers and players, journalist clas protocol, even, down the line to -- dare I say it -- blogger class, with urlLink Choire Sicha holding those keys -- the elite eyeballs, along with the mysteriosu urlLink TMLTMF , at the top of the food chain, dispensing glory, or, more importantly, links. It's all so fascinating but I'm never going to get to the bottom of it here; I'm just trying to start a conversation.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : People are urlLink still raving about Calvin Klein's party on Saturday. Apparently this was really an existential event of quite some consequence, imagine our surprise. Every fucking glossy worth it's weight in platinum has chimed in on the cultural significance of this particular party. "With a waiter to guest ratio of one to three, the party was just grand enough to suit its venue, the sprawling Gothicised Southampton mansion that Klein paid $29.9 million for last year," says urlLink British Vogue . "He must have spent $600,000," one source salaciously told my favorite gossip duo, urlLink NY Daily News' Rush and Molloy . "And it was all done with class, taste, sexiness and fun." urlLink Guy Trebay of the New York Times wrote with a sort of Evelyn Waughish urlLink Brideshead Revisited melancholy-flourish, "... it appeared as if it was the Pines of that era that was being evoked at urlLink Calvin Klein's big party in Southampton last Saturday, an event that was by turns enchanted, confounding and suffused with nostalgia for a period when Mr. Klein, and the world of fashion as it is now, were still young." After reading Trebay gushing forth unselfconsciously, I thought I almost -- almost -- heard urlLink Jeremy Irons' world weary narrative voice coming from PBS. urlLink Gawker's source was snarky, the realist in the crowd, putting things all into perspective and snapping us out of our urlLink Bovaryesque reveries: "the party calvin threw at his spookycastle/beach house on saturday was the most over the top bizarre. i mean, i am gay, but it was too gross to watch 200 young ("hired"?) half-naked men lounging around on pillows and bed-like furniture on the beach at night, with snickering old guard southampton socials staring in disbelief and laughing at them. " ... there were even rumors that (ex studio 54) party planner urlLink robert isabell bulldozed the beach in preparation for the party. sick. the guest list was supposedly 200, then 400, try 800 of his 'nearest and dearest.' but crashers abounded and no one was even checking the guest list. the page sixers were there, trolling for items, and calvin was deeply conflicted, or confused, because we saw him ask urlLink patrick mcmullan to stop taking pictures... why invite him then? ps no body was wearing his clothes. yes, this was a $600,000 party that backfired." Out : urlLink Teresa Heinz Kerry , willful blabbermouth, picklehead. Can someone put a fucking muzzle on her already? I know, I know : not four days ago, here I was, on this very blog , fascinated -- in true shallow Gemini fashion -- by her Mozambique-by-way-of-Swiss accent, and now? What? I repent. I can't take her eccentric $500 million twaddle . Teresa is form without content, an elegant international-flavored accent without the appropriate thoughtfulness, sophistication or polish: don't get distracted by the odd accent, the woman is dangerous! In many ways, she reminds me of stupid self-indulgent billionaires, like Ross Perot, or plantation owners, or British lords; they are so used to servants or slaves hanging on their every word, that thoughtfulness goes by the wayside and what we get, in due course, is urlLink logorrhea . urlLink According to Page Six , "THAT Teresa Heinz Kerry surprised and worried some of the 1,000 guests at Friday morning's Women for Kerry breakfast when she looked out at the crowd and said, 'We had better get you women some birth control, there are so many of you here!' Yikes." In : urlLink IWantMedia's interview with "Outfoxed" Producer/Director Robert Greenwald captures the discomfort that some conservatives The Corsair knows (yes, The Corsair socializes with conservatives) have with the Fox News: " IWM : What did you discover that surprised you the most while working on 'Outfoxed'? " Greenwald : I thought going into this we would discover what we all knew -- that Fox News is a conservative news network, with an opinion relative to a conservative look at the world. But what I found is more troubling, more upsetting and more critical to democracy: Fox News is a Republican news network. It takes a Republican line, which is different from a conservative line. "There are many well-meaning, thoughtful conservatives who disagree with the Bush administration about the war, about the tax cuts, about the economy, about [ex-White House terrorism advisor] Richard Clarke ... None of that is ever seen on Fox News because they consistently support the political line that the Republican party will take at any given time, which is different from a conservative philosophy or approach." In all fairness, urlLink Fox has blasted back . urlLink Howard Kurtz has torched the film. And urlLink Variety gave it a mixed review. Out : Gena Lee "Swollen" (AKA urlLink Gena Lee Nolin ). That significant cultural artifact urlLink The National Enquirer informs us, mirabile dictu, that, "Gena Lee Nolin has urlLink finally made the journey from 'Baywatch' to 'Pay Watch' -- her long-awaited X-rated video has hit urlLink the Internet !" Charmed, I'm sure. In : Models . So hott, everyone loves the aristocratic model, gliding down Prince Street in Soho ("the existential catwalk"), munching on rabbit food, portfolio in hand, ignoring the catcalls of the construction workers. ( The Corsair sighs) Incidentally: urlLink Vladimir Nabokov's poetry appears to be all but forgotten in these United States of Amnesia, not to mention the works of urlLink John Dos Passos , urlLink Hannah Arendt and Jean Toomer, among other American artists who have vanished in the pop cultural buzz. But urlLink Vladimir Nabokov's Ode To A Model is particularly relevant: "I have followed you, model, in magazine ads through all seasons, from dead leaf on the sod to red leaf on the breeze, "from your lily-white armpit to the tip of your butterfly eyelash, charming and pitiful, silly and stylish. "Or in kneesocks and tartan standing there like some fabulous symbol, parted feet pointed outward ? pedal form of akimbo. "On lawn, in a parody of Spring and its cherry-tree, near a vase and parapet, virgin practising archery. "Ballerina, black-masked, near a parapet of alabaster. 'Can one' - somebody asked - rhyme 'star' and 'disaster'?" And why do I bring up models? urlLink Fashionweekdaily notes the cover models of the August fashion magazines (Natalie, Scarlett, Halle, Naomi, the Presleys). Out : urlLink The VH1 'I Love The 90s' program really, kind of, well, it sucked , true believers, I won't sugar coat it simply because urlLink I occasionally write for them . I'm keeping it real, nigga. It's waaay waay too soon to have a retrospective on the 90s. You've got to let an era urlLink marinade a bit. urlLink Whatevs.org has scored it just about right, with sports metaphors: "caught the first installment of 'I Love The `90s' yesterday while sprawled on the couch suffering from quite the hangover. can't say that I was impressed by the pundits' commentary on 1990. something was just missing, and it took me almost 24 hours to come up with a suitable analogy. fortunately for you, it just hit me (pun intended). when thinking of this episode, i recall famed longball hitters like urlLink Rob Deer and urlLink Dave Kingman ; while these batters were armed with legendary power at the plate, they just never quite learned that you can't try to hit every single ball out of the ballpark. instead of swinging for the fences and brutally striking out, occasionally a nice Texas Leaguer will do. knowwhatimsayin? so urlLink Hal Sparks is kinda like Rob Deer and urlLink Michael Ian Black is kinda like Dave Kingman; for every speedball that gets hit into the proverbial lights of The Kingdome, there's a whole lotta whiffin' goin' on." Whiffin , to be sure, and, one imagines, it is not inconceivable that some huffin ' is also involved here, as in -- glue. I Love the 90s might have been better served marinated until, oh, say, 2010, when we could look backwards with the proper ironical distance. This project was ill advised and too hurried. In : Admit it, urlLink Barbara Bush is sexy , with those foxy eyes brimming with intelligence, a site so rare in the Bush family. Out : Prison Magazines . In today's above-the-fold story on the hardscrabble origins of terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , Jeffrey Gettleman of the urlLink New York Times writes : "These people, who knew Mr. Zarqawi until he disappeared into the terrorist murk of Afghanistan four years ago, acknowledge that he may have changed. But they say that while the man they knew could be capable of great brutality, they have a hard time imagining him as the guiding light of an Iraqi insurgency. "'When we would write bad things about him in our prison magazine, he would attack us with his fists,' said Yousef Rababa, who was imprisoned with Mr. Zarqawi for militant activity. 'That's all he could do. He's not like bin Laden with ideas and vision. He had no vision.'" Prison Magazine?! What the fuck?!

 Paul McCartney's Eccentricities Teresa Heinz Kerry has been rich and powerful -- had servants catering to her every wish, had every whim satisfied -- for so long that she has become, like Ross Perot , like the English Lords, or even like wealthy Southern Plantation owners, such as the ones portrayed by urlLink William Faulkner , eccentric . And so has Paul McCartney , the egalitarian Baby Boomer liberal icon, ironically enough. Eccentrics say such odd and, at times, stupid things because their minds have no automatic filtration devices -- and why should they . They are not like us, they don't care what other people think about them so long as their Mint Julep (Southern eccentric) or Gin glass (British Lord) is full, and someone is listening -- or at least appearing to listen to -- their boorish stories about the "The War Against Northern Aggression," or "The Battle of the Bulge," or, "The Somme," or, say, in the case of Teresa Heinz Kerry (pronounced Tuh-RAY-zuh), prenuptual agreements and fuel-efficient four-wheel drive vehicles. You just know at some point soon Teresa is going to cause a nuclear explosion and have to be muzzled for the sake of the party. Did the plantation owner care about offending his slave , did the British Duke care about feeding the servants tins of sardines, like the cats , while his own hounds ate fresh salmon? Of course not . That would be bourgeois. Paul McCartney has been rich and famous for so long that, like the other Lords, he is acquiring their characteristic idiosyncrasies: urlLink The 3 AM Girls report : "HEs one of the oldest rockers on the block and Paul McCartneys picked up some eccentric behaviour during his 47-year career. "On his recent European tour, the veteran crooner 'freaked out' when a vase of lilies was left in his Madrid hotel room. He thought they were using up too much oxygen, were told." The Corsair grabs a bag of unsalted popcorn and sits riveted to his screen. "And that wasnt the only incident that took his entourage by surprise on the sell-out 14-date Live Experience extravaganza. "'Everybody knows that Paul banned all meat and meat by-products on the entire tour,' says our mole. "'But what isnt known is just how particular he is about other things, too. "'Hes a huge fan of flowers but they have to be certain varieties from reputable florists. "'Plants have to be as full at the bottom as they are at the top and he doesnt like tree trunks so indoor trees are forbidden.'" The Corsair mouths the words -- "eccentric." "And furniture has to come up to the former Beatles exacting standards, too. 'Paul likes to entertain and requests two banqueting tables in every place he stops,' our source goes on. "'But they have to be made from sustainable wood. Glass and lacquer are forbidden as the methods used to produce them can be harmful to the environment.'" The Corsair averts his gaze. "Paul whose wife Heather gave birth to the couple?s first child, Beatrice, last October even insists his crew abide by his beliefs. "'Paul is very keen on recycling and made sure everyone on the tour made full use of the facilities he arranged. "'The rubbish bins had to be policed at regular intervals throughout the day. If Paul found out that recyclable materials were being thrown out with the ordinary trash, thered have been hell to pay.' "Pauls veggie-friendly requirements also gave tour staff a headache. "'Paul insists that no leather or animal skins are used anywhere near him,' explains our insider. 'He goes mad if hes even near fake animal prints.'" The Corsair nods his head uncontrollably, making sociological field notes in his notebook on eccentrics and their feelings of control over reality. "He likes to travel in a limousine but leather seats tend to come as standard in limos. Venue staff had to ensure that seats were re-covered in time for his arrival and then changed back. "'You dont say no to the likes of Sir Paul.'" No, ( The Corsair scornfully averts his gaze), one does not, I suppose, nor does one say no to urlLink PD Wodehouse's charming Lord Emsworth , urlLink Ross Perot , urlLink Howard Hughes , or James Compson III in urlLink Faulkner's Sound and the Fury .

 The Gossip Wars urlLink Vanessa Grigoriadis and Jacob Bernstein's New York Magazine article on The Gossip Wars goes a bit too far in echoing urlLink Adam Moss' Party Line on gossip (2nd item), with a mild aftertaste of Puritanical Old Gray Lady in the cut: "One way of thinking about gossip is as the most primitive form of journalism -- nasty and brutish and short. The rules of sourcing, and even of truthfulness, are not fully developed. Vengeance and anger and ulterior motives all have a place in the process. The denizens of the gossip world, while sometimes not suited for the refinements of the rest of the journalism world, are superbly adapted to their environment. There's a dark glamour and camaraderie to the business, a certain piratical, swashbuckling aura, amplified by plenty of cocktails." Leaving aside for a moment the dodgy "piratical." "swashbuckling" references and to whom they might or might not be referring (" Hey , urlLink Mozart's Don Giovanni was all about ME , too"), there is alot of darkness going on in this piece -- alot -- even going beyond the rather clumsy "short and brutish" reference to urlLink Hobbes' theory of the condition of mankind . In fact, in some of her purplest prose passages , Vanessa Grigoriadis appears to have channeled her inner urlLink Edgar Allan Poe , throwing light on "the denizens of the gossip world," with just the right touch of the old Gray Lady's Puritanical prudishness thrown in for effect, giving the whole thing a colonial, turgid urlLink Nathaniel Hawthorne New England freakshow vibe (Is gossip the House of the Seven Gables?). The Corsair shivereded into the chill night breeze, as Grigoriadis' tale of supernatural and psychological horror unfolds, issuing forth from her fertile imagination, with lines such as: "His background suited him to knowing what evil lurked in the hearts of men ..." And, of course: "... The denizens of the gossip world ..." "Vona has a deep voice and a mane of dirty-blonde hair ..." "... But Spiegelman also saw himself as one of the good guys, arrayed against the abusers and predators and vampires in the world ." "He is adamant: 'There was no defenestration .'" "... a taste for the darker things in life ." "The cockatoo shrieks." Indeed (Averted gaze), The cockatoo shrieks , Ms. Grigoriadis, ( The Corsair shivers at the bone white moon in the hour of the wolf); and urlLink quoth the raven nevermore . Finally, Dark Vanessa tosses off vaguely supernatural references to, the "black art of press-baiting," "Cassandras," "poison pill," and, of course, "a steady inflow of dirt." The Corsair wonders if Vanessa Grigoriadis' feverish and occultish philosophy of gossip (so strikingly similar to her boss, Adam Moss') might have been better scheduled as a piece for Halloween? I know I won't be able to sleep soundly tonight.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Avril Lavigne , keeping in character as the tough grrrl , making it in the seedy music industry on her own terms, by her own wits, has snubbed the House of Windsor , urlLink according to The Sun (link via urlLink Ananova ): "HE has met just about every gorgeous pop star but urlLink PRINCE CHARLES isnt good enough for AVRIL LAVIGNE. "The Canadian rocker pulled out of meeting the urlLink Prince of Wales at urlLink Capital FMs Party In The Park in London yesterday with just hours to spare, throwing organisers into a panic. "The pop rocker and R&B star urlLink JAMELIA were due to sit either side of Charles as he watched the end of the show in aid of the Princes Trust in Hyde Park. "But flustered flunkeys were told Avril would not be showing. A backstage insider told me: 'Avril wasnt keen on the idea. She wanted to get away as soon as she completed her set.'" Is Avril's urlLink bad nutrition to blame ? Or is she just a surprisingly strong and independent young woman . We like. In : urlLink Stefano Pilati has been annointed with holy oil, according to urlLink British Vogue : "YVES SAINT LAURENT has given the ultimate seal of approval to YSL Rive Gauche designer Stefano Pilati by agreeing to attend his spring/summer 2005 show in October. 'I'm completely confident in him,' the 69-year-old designer told Women's Wear Daily. 'He's a real worker. I feel liberated.' Laurent famously disapproved of urlLink Tom Ford , who played creative director of YSL Rive Gauche from January 2000 to April 2004. Accusing him of 'destroying everything' at the house, Laurent said Ford's work was 'contrary to Yves Saint Laurent. It was Saint Laurent in name but not in its vitality.' Pilati, however, is expected to save the day. 'I think [he] will be able to repair the damage that's been done to the YSL culture and to re-establish the dialogue with the YSL customer,' he said recently." Out : I see white people . As urlLink Fashionweekdaily notes, ' urlLink Vanity Fair is throwing a party to launch Abercrombie & Fitchs new urlLink A&F Magazine on Wednesday at The Gansevoort Hotel.' Be sure to wear your sunglasses, true believers, because, otherwise, you just might get urlLink blinded by the white (check out the 2nd item) as the combination of Amercrombie and Fitch and Vanity Fair break bread. You know what kind of bread . In : urlLink Fashionweekdaily reports on the September Vogue issue: " The Daily has learned exclusively that urlLink Vogues September 2004 issue will be its largest issue ever in the history of the magazine. According to sources on the publishing side of Vogue, the annual fall fashion issueone of the most highly anticipated issues of the yearwill contain over 620 pages of advertisements (the previous record for ad pages was 619) and combined with the estimated 200-plus pages of editorial, the final page count could teeter well into the 850-plus page range, as ad pages continue to come in. 'This issue will set a record as the largest monthly magazine ever published,' said a well-placed executive inside Cond Nast." Out : Gwyneth Paltrow . urlLink Medieval medicine , of which The Corsair has more than just a passing interest, explicitly warns against urlLink Libra's partaking in the ancient art of "cupping." Perhaps this was the subterfuge that compelled Hollywood Libra Paltrow to act in such an appalling manner, as The New York Post's resident cutie-pie urlLink Elisa Lipsky-Karasz to report : "The star hosted a bridal shower for childhood friend urlLink Mary Wigmore at a private home on Perry Street last week but shocked guests by acting aloof and antisocial. And when Wigmore opened a present from her future mother-in-law, Paltrow apparently took one look at the gift and smirked, 'Filene's!'" Cupping or not , the fact that Paltrow is -- in essence -- a snooty blonde Spense girl at heart may have something to do with her demeanor. For those of us who have known and loved these rare, shallow beauties ( The Corsair sulks, bitterly sipping Cutty Sark , recalling his past) -- trust us on this one -- this is quite actually in character. In : urlLink LA.com/blog's blind item is interesting -- fuck if I know who it is, though: "You know him. You love him. If you buy into that straight-arrow-active-guy image carefully constructed by him and his well-paid but overworked peeps, you probably think he hit Hollywood straight from Mayberry and now lives in a cottage on Sesame Street. It turns out there are more than a few twists and turns in this jovial dudes internal roadmap. Just ask the new owners of the posh vintage LA manse they purchased from the movie favorite. Being typically paranoid Angelenos, they didnt bat an eyelash at the speaker system that had let the big shot former owner eavesdrop on any conversation on the entire property, let alone at the tiny security cameras that let him snoop in every nook and cranny. But you would have thought that before the guy started packing up all those Bekins boxes, he would have plastered over the super-secret peepholes he had drilled in every guest bathroom and bedroom." Why are people from LA so goddamned wierd and into " urlLink surveillance "? When did urlLink spying become a part of LA chic? It's all so ... oily ... so urlLink Stallone . Out : Newly urlLink cyber friendly A-Lister Will Smith , gearing up to the gear heads as his film, I, Robot, rockets to screens, tells urlLink TeenHollywood (link via urlLink Ananova ) that he sees downloading piracy as linked to oceanic piracy and, therefore, is inevitable and unstoppable ... what the fuck ?! "My take is, 'OK, there were pirates 1,000 years ago - there is no reason for us to think that we'll live without them in the year 2004.' "'It's always going to be there. In keeping with my intuitive comprehension of the universe, it would be foolish of me to upset myself with something that always has been and always will be.'" In keeping with my intuitive comprehension of urlLink The Fresh Prince of Bel Air , it would be foolish of me to upset myself with someone who, while at the top of his game in Hollywood, allowed himself to play urlLink Bagger Vance , a urlLink stepin' fetchit role if urlLink The Corsair -- a blog pirate -- ever saw one.

 Weezy's Movin' On Up This just in, according to urlLink the AP : "Actress urlLink Isabelle Sanford , best known as 'Weezie,' Louise Jefferson on the television sitcom 'The Jeffersons,' died of natural causes, her publicist said Monday. She was 86. " urlLink Sanford died Friday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, where she had been hospitalized since July 4, said Brad Lemack. Her daughter, Pamela Ruff, was at her side, he said. "Her health had waned after undergoing preventive surgery on a neck artery 10 months ago, Lemack said. He did not give a cause of death. After working as urlLink the maid Louise on All in The Family , her fortunes changed, mirroring the upward mobility of African-Americans, so she moved to a deeluxe apartment in the sky, in urlLink The Jeffersons . The AP report continues: "In 1981, Sanford became the first black woman to receive an Emmy for Best Actress in a Comedy Series for her work on 'The Jeffersons.'" urlLink Isabelle Sanford , along with Sherman Helmsley, played perhaps the first rich, strong role models to African-Americans in the wake of the civil rights struggle, and she will be sorely missed, particularly by my generation. urlLink Isabelle Sanford , RIP

 Howard Stern's Clear Channel Documents From today's urlLink Smokinggun.com : "Howard Stern has more than 12 million good reasons to gripe about Clear Channel's decision to yank his radio show from six of its stations. According to contract documents, the King of All Media would have received at least $12 million in future payments from the conglomerate for the broadcast of his program in the half-dozen markets. In 2001 and 2002, Stern's company, One Twelve Incorporated, cut multiyear licensing deals with Clear Channel worth a minimum of $19.5 million, though that figure could have ballooned significantly based on urlLink bonus schedules tied to the King of All Media's Arbitron ratings . When Clear Channel cancelled Stern in late February, the unexpired terms of the radio deals called for the shock jock to receive future payouts of at least $12 million. Below you'll find the five-year, $4.5 million deal Stern signed in February 2002 to broadcast his show in San Diego. The other Stern/Clear Channel deals covered Pittsburgh ( urlLink $3.91 million ); Orlando ( urlLink $3.87 million ); Miami ( urlLink $3.35 million ); Louisville ( urlLink $2.2 million ); and Rochester ( urlLink $1.68 million ). Claiming breach of contract, Stern sued Clear Channel in June. The radio company countersued yesterday, accusing Stern of the same thing. "

 Ed Note: Defamer readers: The&nbsp;Christina Applegate and Ben Affleck story is right urlLink here &nbsp; A Little of the Old In and Out on a Very Slow Saturday Afternoon news day &nbsp; In : I'm not even going to try and compete with urlLink Wonkette's&nbsp;compendium of the Democratic National Convention parties . Just go there if you are going to be in Boston for the convention, she'll tell you where to go. And email me if you attend the Jillian's pool hall party with B'Affleck, or the clambake with Ted Kennedy. Out: Naomi Campbell ,&nbsp;playing the diva, yet again, according to urlLink the 3AM Girls , on Poor Unsuspecting Italian Playboy&nbsp;#743 (If urlLink Deniro likes his women like he likes his coffee , then Naomi likes her men like she likes her, uhm , urlLink sausage ): "Naomi, 34, was enjoying the company of Formula One boss urlLink Flavio Briatore aboard his liner Lady In Blue II . "The pair, who rekindled their on-off romance in April, were anchored off Porto Cervo in Sardinia. "But it seems forgetful Flavio, 54, didn't inform Naomi that he had invited her ex-lover aboard." The Corsair reaches for a bag of unsalted popcorn and leaps on to his sofa in a fluid cat-like move.&nbsp; "According to witnesses, the supermodel looked less than impressed when fashion tycoon Marzotto and his girlfriend, blonde actress/singer Serena Autieri, embarked. "'Naomi just flipped,' says our nautical source. 'She started swearing at Matteo and what she said to Serena isn't repeatable. Fortunately, Serena doesn't understand a word of English.' "Italian stallion Marzotto, 36, was with Naomi for eight months before he dumped her earlier this year." "But it seems Naomi's wounds haven't healed yet. According to sources, Flavio stood by while his lover did what she does best - finger pointing and shouting. "'Matteo tried to defend himself but he didn't have much luck,' a spy told Italy's Panorama magazine. "His mum, who was also aboard, doesn't care much for Serena and likes Naomi a lot, so she joined in as well. The Corsair groans for Matteo, poor guy: "'It was a right old argument. "It was difficult to know what exactly wound Naomi up but it was probably the green-eyed monster,' says the source. "In the end, Matteo and Serena fled, and were soon followed by Naomi. Poor Flavio was left aboard to rue his mistake." "... (Campbell) has since (her breakup with Matteo) found comfort back in the arms of wealthy womaniser Briatore "... The multi-millionaire playboy certainly likes his models. In February, he split from gorgeous Heidi Klum, who gave birth to their child three months later." Now that's a spicy meatball! In : urlLink Bill Maher Real Time . Staring Friday, July 30 at 11 pm, Season 2 begins of the most irreverent&nbsp;political talk show of them all (sorry, urlLink Jon Stewart , lately you've been a little frat boy in your humor; you need to get some color on your writing staff, dood, urlLink Harvard Lampoon guys lack ethnic edge). Whether you are Libertarian (Bill Maher is), Conservative(roughly half the guests are), Moderate ( The Corsair is), or a Lefty, this show, which can, at times, become rather violent in rhetoric, is, perhaps, the wittiest show with the fastest minds on television . Every political side gets their shot at a urlLink bon mot , a quip, or a zinger. When ABC bounced Maher for&nbsp;his stupid 9/11 comments, they created a free-speech monster. If Howard Stern were more bitter and more politically intelligent&nbsp;it would be this show. Out : Melissa and Joan Rivers' Red Carpet Treatment , at least&nbsp;for one year, will be on haitus. As urlLink Lindsay Robertson might say: Yaay . As everyone knows, Tinseltown is all about the lawsuits, and the brinkmandship of the helmers and studio heads, and who blinks first. Well, the urlLink Washington Post Boldface Names column notes: "The folks at E! Entertainment Television may have lost two of their big personalities, urlLink Joan and Melissa Rivers , to a rumored $6 million to $8 million contract with the TV Guide Channel, but they're getting a good chuckle out of the fact that the mother-daughter duo's prime mission -- the Emmy Awards red carpet coverage -- is a no-go for their new employer. It seems that E! has exclusive rights to the carpet show before the Sept. 19 Emmy telecast. "That means television stars get a one-night-only pass to stroll the red carpet without being pounced on by the two sharp-tongued fashion police (one of whom routinely botches stars' names). E!'s coverage contract runs through 2005, which leaves TV Guide and Joan and Melissa out of luck but not hope. 'We'd absolutely like to be covering the Emmys, and we'll continue to explore all of our options,' says Chris Levesque , spokeswoman for Gemstar-TV Guide International, which owns the TV Guide Channel."&nbsp; The TV Guide Channel sure are suckers for not&nbsp;having periphery vision. This gives E!&nbsp;two years to get, oh, say, Howard Stern and Ana Nicole-Smith , or somesuch other catty-outrageous duo, to replace Joan and Melissa &nbsp; and totally hose TV Guide Channel with an newer, more outrageous brand. &nbsp; very slow news day, sorry guys &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;

 Ed Note: Defamer readers: The&nbsp;Christina Applegate and Ben Affleck story is right urlLink here &nbsp; Hampton's Itinerary &nbsp; So, what's on the Hampton's itinerary? urlLink Fashionweekdaily , as usual, does a urlLink marvy doo job at summing things up. VH1 rules the Hampton's this weekend, with back-to-back events, and&nbsp;be sure to check out the ubiquitous urlLink Russell Simmons , who will be out and about, just&nbsp;on the heels of acquiring&nbsp;his permit to urlLink protest The Republican Convention . urlLink Chris Heinz will be also be up, fending off the women aggressively trying to part him from his bachelorhood. urlLink Shannen Doherty should be there,&nbsp;you might want&nbsp;to ask her what happened to urlLink her career . Then sprint. Very fast. What's up tonight? " urlLink Music and Mojitos ," playboy. " urlLink Tonight , multi-platinum selling singerand Glen Cove, Long Island nativeAshanti, hosts 'Music & Mojitos' at the East Hampton home of Jaci and Morris L. Reid, benefiting the VH1 Save the Music Foundation (a philanthropy dedicated to purchasing new musical instruments and restoring music education programs in public schools). The intimate three-hour eventwhich boasts committee hosts Rory and Elie Tahari, Ron Perelman, and urlLink Russell and urlLink Kimora Lee Simmons will also feature a live performance by Midas recording artist, Angel." What about Saturday? urlLink Fashionweekdaily's got your back: "Shopping and Champers. Fingers remain crossed for sunny weather on Saturday, but whether its rain or shine, the day is all about fashionspecifically, Theory fashionas the companys CEO, Andrew Rosen, along with Russell Simmons , Shamin Abas and Brett Ratner ( Ed Note : And possibly a Serena sighting, as urlLink SerenaBrett is the new Bennifer, or urlLink Beniefcase ) , host a day of shopping and champagne benefiting VH1s Save the Music. In between Range Rovers vying for prime parking in front of the new East Hampton store (46 Newtown Lane) and air kisses, fashionistas can enjoy a trunk show of the companys fall/winter 2004 collection from 1- 4PM, with a percentage of the days proceeds being donated to the VH1 Save the Music Foundation." PR director Melissa Gellman of J. Mendel is handling things. Also: "From frolicking in Manolos to putting up with the fragrant smell of manure, the second week of the urlLink Mercedes-Benz Polo Challenge gallops into the Bridgehampton Polo Club. Expected guests at this weeks soireesponsored by Equinox Fitness Clubsinclude Shannen Doherty , Elisabeth Rohm , Chris Heinz , Amanda Hearst , and Star Jones ." Finally: "When Simmons SummonsAfter some urlLink good ole divot stomping , Russell and Kimora Lee Simmons will welcome guests to their East Hampton retreat for their urlLink Art for Life philanthropic event, benefiting the urlLink Rush Philanthropic Foundation &nbsp;( Ed Note : The last 4 tickets for the event are on ebay urlLink here , urlLink here , urlLink here and urlLink here ), dedicated to providing disadvantaged urban youth with significant exposure and access to the arts. Theory, General Motors, Motorola, and MTV Networks are the nights sponsors, daytime chatterbox, urlLink Kelly Ripa , will play hostess, and urlLink Chevy Chase is slated to emcee the art auction. Look for a special appearance by urlLink Chris Tucker plus the evenings honorees: philanthropist Sherry B. Bronfman , artist Gordon Parks and Toys R Us Childrens Fund chairman, Michael Goldstein . And with urlLink Louis Vuittons purported No. 1 customer in North America hosting the soire, its no wonder that a trip to Antiguas Jumby Bay Resort, complete with a set of luggage from the French luggage house, is just one of the items up for bid." Ed Note : The&nbsp;icy hott Naomi Campbell is an event&nbsp;co chair, so, you better recognize.&nbsp;

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : " urlLink Heartbreaking Drunk" urlLink Keifer Sutherland does a little strip tease in urlLink New Zealand . It's just ... all so sordid ( The Corsair takes a long sip of Cutty Sark before continuing, in earnest). I mean, he was supposed to be Mr. Julia Roberts, after all, the scruffy second generation actor who marries America's Sweetheart. I guess he made the women happy, but it's&nbsp;sort of an odd thing for a tv star to be doing, getting all nekkid Down Under. I just don't know what to think about this: "Film star Kiefer Sutherland made women happy at a male revue show in New Zealand last Thursday by climbing enthusiastically on stage and urlLink stripping off . According to news.com , the New Zealand Herald published Kiefer's striptease pictures. Keifer has been shooting for the movie 'River Queen' near the North Island town of Raetihi. "He was drinking with some of the cast and crew in the Raetihi Cosmopolitan Club last Thursday while the revue was being staged in front of an all-woman audience in an adjoining room. "'Twice during the first half of the show, Keifer took of his shoes and passed into the roped-off ''women only' area of the bar to join the Men of Steel,' reported the newspaper. The security staff stopped Keifer but he was eventually allowed on stage during the second half of the show. Keifer then slipped out of his socks, whipped off his shirt, and waved it above his head to the tune of the Tom Jones' hit urlLink 'You Can Leave Your Hat On' , before being ushered off the stage." The Corsair dry heaves at his desk. Out : urlLink Alleged billionaire Cindy Crawford , according to urlLink British Vogue &nbsp;(2nd item), is going back to modeling: "CINDY CRAWFORD is back in the game: the mother-of-two, who has not been signed to an agency for years, recently signed with ex-IMG and Next executive Jan Planit's new Planit M and is apparently looking to work with new designers and photographers."&nbsp; Yeah, Bill Gates will be doing&nbsp;a naughty spread in the new Ambercrombie and Fitch as well. Allegedly billionaire my ass.&nbsp;&nbsp; Actually, alleged supermodel my ass&nbsp;as well: if Cindy Crawford is still a supermodel, then show me the building where she is the super . I don't believe it. &nbsp; In: The Anna Wintour Fembot . According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , there is an imposter Anna Wintour , a fembot, replete with razor sharp bangs, making the rounds in stiletos: "Yesterday afternoon around 1:30PM, at the posh eatery Freds, amidst a crowd of well-heeled diners including designer Alvin Valley and Quest magazines Andrew Black a woman, sporting a perfectly-coiffed bob with razor sharp bangs, a pink sundress with matching cardigan draped around her shoulders, oversized black sunglasses, and slingbacks with a stiletto heel, stopped traffic as she sashayed her way through the restaurant to her table. Forks dropped. Fashionistas stared. And poured glasses tipped as the crowd wondered, 'Could this really be the ever-so-chic Vogue editrix?' But something was off this woman, who could literally double as Wintours twin, was just a tad taller and a wee bit heavier than the petite editor in chief. Size aside, it wasnt her measurements that threw trained eyes off; it was the Crate & Barrel shopping bag she loosely held in her hand." Crate&nbsp;& Barrel ( Averted Gaze ); "Nice": if you go in for that sort of thing . Actually she's a body double, paid for by the crafty urlLink Si Newhouse , to confuse the urlLink pesky PETA crowd . And they would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for&nbsp; urlLink those pesky kids . Out : Michael Jackson , crashed and burned, he was turned down by Nicole Kidman .&nbsp; According to those intrepid urlLink 3AM Girls : "Word reaches us that Wacko Jacko has been begging the Hollywood star, whose latest movie is the remake of Stepford Wives, for a date. "Apparently Michael, who is facing child sex charges in the US, wanted Nicole to accompany him to the upcoming MTV Music Awards. "His sudden interest stunned Nicole. And although the Cold Mountain star is currently single since her relationship with rocker Lenny 'The Loins' Kravitz ended earlier this year, she didn't have to think too long or hard about turning Michael down. "'There was a call from his people to mine asking if he could take me to the Awards,' confirmed the 37-year-old actress during a radio interview in her native Australia. "'I had never even met him, it was a little strange. I did decline but, hey, the way my love life is I took it as a great compliment.'" Comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog . In : Partisan sniping. We are all aware of the cantankerous mood that has enveloped the capitol of the last standing world superpower. But this story in&nbsp; urlLink The Hill&nbsp; (2nd story) is so wierd, urlLink Lenonard Nimoy should be narrating it : "Five staffers were forced to evacuate the office of urlLink Sen. George Allen (R-Va.) yesterday after aides to urlLink Sen. Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.) forwarded them a package that they thought could have been potentially hazardous. "The 'bizarre' package arrived as two joined envelopes addressed to Kennedy in scrawled writing. One of the envelopes contained hair and a vial filled with a red substance that may have been blood. The other contained papers. "But because the package had a Norfolk, Va., return address, Kennedys staff sent the papers to Allen?s office, complete with a warning about its suspicious nature, according to a Senate source. Both offices are in the Russell Building. "The source said that members of Allens staff were furious because they felt Kennedys office may have exposed them to a dangerous substance." Out : Poor Dawnette&nbsp;Knight . According to urlLink Ananova : "The woman accused of stalking Catherine Zeta Jones and Michael Douglas faces nearly 20 years behind bars for 'being foolish', according to her lawyer. Dawnette Knight appeared in court in Los Angeles on Thursday hoping the 24 stalking charges she faced would be dropped. "Her lawyer, Richard Herman, insisted: She was infatuated with a movie star. "'She's facing 19 years in state prison for being foolish. She's learned a very valuable lesson that will make her a good woman and a major asset to society.' "Her fianc, Ronald Calvin, said that the celebrity couple have nothing to fear, despite the sinister death threats she sent in letters to Zeta Jones and her bogus claim that she had an affair with Douglas." So, aside from the sinister death threats , everything was just urlLink peaches and herb ?&nbsp; In : urlLink Fortuna . Or, as urlLink Dick Morris says : "Success or defeat in the 2004 presidential campaign is likely to be determined more by events beyond the control of Sen. John Kerry or even that of President Bush. The irony is that it is the intensity of the war on terror, more than any other factor, that will seal the fate of the two candidates. "We have never had an election quite like this one." Luck may end up determining who is our next&nbsp;President.&nbsp; Out :&nbsp; Congressman Harold Ford . This guys unchecked ambition&nbsp;just really fucking gets to me. urlLink I don't like his face . urlLink Here he is , in nearly every picture, making urlLink empty hand gestures , saying, most probably, nothing. All ambition, no talent, no originality. Grr... I just don't like him. It must be chemical. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 Ed Note : Defamer readers: The&nbsp;Christina Applegate and Ben Affleck story is right urlLink here Deep ... Deep Inside The Bohemian Grove While boldface&nbsp;aristocrats like George Herbert Walker Bush , Henry Kissinger , Dick Cheney , John Major , Alexander Haig , Alan Greenspan , Newt Gingrich , Jack Kemp , Colin Powell , and William F. Buckley, Jr., who, Atlas-like,&nbsp;carry the weight of the free world on their veal-like preppy shoulders, urinate freely among the California redwoods ( Ed Note : The Bohemian Grove is all male, because, like,&nbsp; everyone knows that girls have cooties ), performing secret Bohemian Grove handshakes, crying into their cocktails over the&nbsp;good old days&nbsp;of the Cold War, dolled&nbsp;up like urlLink Tououse-Lautrec girls , doing each others mascara, curling each others' hair,&nbsp;exchanging moist looks, performing torch songs and lurid little urlLink Edith Piaf numbers,&nbsp;ultimately&nbsp;passing out in the great outdoors lying doggo next to their hombres,&nbsp;spent,&nbsp;with a sly satisfied&nbsp;smile of world domination gently&nbsp;playing on&nbsp;their thin, blue vampirelike lips, like the Masters of the Universe that they are, ahem (averted gaze, exaggerated cough, feigned detatchment) , The Corsair cannot fail to note the&nbsp;curious homoerotic undertones that such activities appear to suggest, especially coming from&nbsp;such a bastion on ultraconservative manliness as The Grove. Will Donald Rumsfeld procede to tease his&nbsp;coif and don Manolo Blahnik's ? &nbsp; The urlLink San Francisco Chronicle delves into the super-secret world of these modern day Boyz N the Woods: "On Saturday, some 2,000 CEOs and politicos and arty types arrived at the cool redwoods and lily-choked lake of the Grove, the famous Russian River playground of the powerful urlLink Bohemian Club (link via urlLink Gawker ). "They say it's the place to be seen in America in July. Except, of course, you can't see them." Of course you can't playboy, because: "Signs abound: No Thru Traffic. No Trespassing. Members and Guests Only. No Turn Around. Sentries scan the paths from above with binoculars, helped out by infrared sensors." The Corsair &nbsp;pitches forward,&nbsp;plowing through urlLink the X-Files vibe , on a very hush-hush strictly need-to-know basis: "And what are those important men doing out there for 17 days behind that elaborate security? Slipping into frocks and putting on pageants. The Bohemian Club, a beguiling mix of ultra-power hangout and high school play, is one of several elite private clubs in San Francisco, curious islands of conservatism amid a forest of Kerry for President signs." Or, as that "Tricky Dick," Richard Nixon said, urlLink according to Page Six , with characteristic swellegance ,"'the most faggy goddamned thing you could ever imagine.'" That Nixon , he was a bigoted little pisser, but he had a special place in his black heart for the sissies and the darkies. Coincidentally , as Page Six also deliciously relates, "THE power-moguls and political heavyweights now luxuriating at ultra-exclusive retreat Bohemian Grove are unaware that they're being waited on hand-and-foot by a famous gay porn star. " Say what ? They continue, true believer: "We're told that 'Chad Savage ,' who has appeared in such carnal classics as 'How the West Was Hung,' is supplementing his sex job by working as a valet at Bohemian Grove, the all-male annual gathering inside a 2,700-acre redwood forest in Monte Rio, Calif., that has been attended by every Republican president since Calvin Coolidge, as well as by industrial titans and media magnates. "'All of us valets in the Grove are tittering about it,' says our Bohemian blabbermouth. 'To think there's all these powerful conservative guys having their drinks and food served to them by a gay porn star. He makes their beds and attends to their every need and they have no idea who he really is.'" Should be just like boarding school, only less sodomy. &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;

 A Little of the Old In and Out &nbsp; In : Tuscany: it's the new St. Barts, "ecktually" ( Averted Gaze )&nbsp;According to the urlLink LA.Com blog , Vanity Fair's Winston Light whiffing, Kirby's English socks wearing, urlLink architectonically tressed, son-of-a-gun editor, who, in point of fact,&nbsp;has not been able to find space on the cover of his glossy in years for a single&nbsp;African-American in the entertainment industry (I think there are a couple out there: Prince , Oprah , Halle , Will Smith, Tiger Woods, just to name a few ...), is headed&nbsp;to Tuscany: "It's our loss and Italy's gain. Or perhaps the other way around? Graydon Carter, the urlLink Vanity Fair editor-in-chief beleaguered by conflict-of-interest urlLink accusations in recent months, had long planned to spend the rest of this summer up at LA?s swank urlLink Hotel Bel-Air . But no more. Sources say Carter just cancelled those long-held reservations and instead will be summering at a friend's home in Tuscany. No reason was given for the switch, but I bet Carter's feelings about our fair city have been adversely affected by all those juicy Los Angeles Times articles about his personal Hollywood projects winding up being lauded on VF?s glossy pages. Will Carter change his 'tude by Oscar time?" Out : Jessica Simpson . Thank God for urlLink British Vogue , so that when we are tired from&nbsp;wrestling with&nbsp; urlLink Sallust 's vivisection of First Century Rome, we can rest our fevered minds, crack open a cold one, hang mellow ...&nbsp; and get in touch with our inner picklehead, to wit: "JESSICA SIMPSON may have a reputation for being a bit ditzy, but she knows a good thing when she sees it. Since the blonde MTV reality show star draped a multi-coloured shawl around her shoulders during an episode of Newlyweds: Nick & Jessica she has had a marked impression on the fashion economy in Argentina and, in particular, on the 28 knitters in a factory outside Buenos Aires and model-turned-designer Cecilia de Bucourt. 'Since Jessica started wearing my shawls I got more and more demands from her fans who love her style and what she wears,' De Bucourt told AP. 'I'd say it tripled my production in just four months.' Jessica, who bought her shawl in a boutique on New York's Upper East Side for $200 is pleased that she's been able to share some of her good fortune. 'I never would have thought that my love for shopping could have such a meaningful impact on someone's life,' the 24-year-old singer said. 'Nick and I have gotten a lot of attention from reality television but this is the kind of reality that really matters.'" What really matters , yes, you dingy broad--&nbsp;nothing says&nbsp;"meaningful impact on people's lives" quite like a shawl. In : Ben Affleck showed the cast and crew of Surviving Christmas his " urlLink junk on the briefcase ."&nbsp;But now&nbsp;Benben is&nbsp;going to show the world his&nbsp;kung fu grasp&nbsp;of geopolitical issues, as the most excellent urlLink Rush and Molloy report &nbsp;(3rd item): "Look for Ben Affleck to address the Democratic Convention Tuesday night in Boston. The local boy's rep confirms, 'We're finalizing details now.'" Note to delegates: Please keep your briefcases out of&nbsp;Ben Affleck's&nbsp;reach. Out : The wacky pseudodivorce procedings of Vanessa Williams and Jason Foxx , according to the urlLink National Enquirer : "Williams and Fox live on opposite coastsVanessa Williams and her husband, L.A. Laker Rick Fox, have a bizarre relationship, even by Hollywood standards -- he cheats on her, they live apart and decide to divorce, but they never file the court papers! "'It's the wackiest divorce in showbiz -- they've spent 18 months talking about splitting up and do nothing!' said a source close to the couple. "After The ENQUIRER published a photo of Fox kissing a beautiful blonde on June 25 ... Fox's publicist confirmed the marriage was over. Fox was caught red-handed in a nightclub called Da Dawghouse in Waikiki, Hawaii. He was supposed to be in Honolulu for preseason training. But the hoop star was more interested in going one-on-one with the blonde. He danced with her and even had his hands between her legs as she sat at the bar, according to an eyewitness. "While Rick lives on the West Coast and Vanessa lives on the East Coast, their publicists need to meet somewhere in the middle and get their stories straight! Vanessa's publicist Brad Cafarelli told The ENQUIRER: 'They are not separated. Vanessa has not filed for divorce.' "But Fox's publicist Staci Wolfe was more forthcoming and told us: 'They are heading for a divorce and have been so for the last 18 months. They've virtually been leading separate lives.' "Added an insider: 'They may get a divorce next week or they may get a divorce in another 18 months. It's wacky. But they do love their kids. And it will break both their hearts when they make it final.'" In :&nbsp;&nbsp;Page Six's Paula Froelich . urlLink Brandusa Niro's Fashionweekdaily tells us: "It seems that the ongoing interest in the gossip world and its wars has spurred&nbsp;a burst of creativity from Page Sixer Paula Froelich . We're told Froelich just submitted a proposal for a novel based on a gossip columnist's life. " The Corsair is so first in line to buy this book, deciphering the pseudonyms of celebutantes, wanna-be players&nbsp;and the requisite PR flacks. Your pimp hand is strong, Paula Froelich; pimp hard, we want this book to be printed ! Out : As our favorite hott Aquarius blogger, urlLink Ultragrrrl notes ,&nbsp;those damned dirty apes (actually, just a precocious five year old Macaque in Tel Aviv named Natasha) are urlLink walking on&nbsp;their hind legs ! It's the end of the world as we know it. The Corsair shivers. In : Meghan Stier's wonderful urlLink Megastyles is back! "She used to write mainly about fashion here," says Meghan of her sexy self,"&nbsp;but now uses this blog like everybody else uses their blogs: to muse cathartically about cereal and shoelaces." We have such a mad crush on Meghan, it's not funny.&nbsp;&nbsp; Out : Will Smith's Willie . According to Ireland Online: "Will Smith has had his manhood chopped out of new movie I, Robot in the US, but the sight of will thrill fans in Europe.Smith bares all in a shower scene in the new sci-fi adventure film, which stormed to the top of the American box office at the weekend, but fans in the US will miss the actor's full frontal shot thanks to a little last-minute digital work. The actor chose to reveal all in the scene to show how vulnerable his paranoid character is - but producers feared censors would cause a fuss, and cut the sight of Smith's manhood from the film.The disappointed star says: 'It's interesting because America is the only place that it's really a big deal.'The scene in this movie was full frontal nudity, but they had to digitally remove it. It was the most expensive CGI shot in the movie. I hope the nude scene appears in other countries.' "Smith only plucked up the courage to take on the shower scene in the first place after watching Harvey Keitel appear totally nude in controversial director Abel Ferrara's 1992 movie, Bad Lieutenant.He says: 'I saw Bad Lieutenant with Harvey Keitel and I looked at that scene, and Harvey Keitel is just standing there butt naked, and it's almost like the attitude is like: 'Yeah, look at this here.'I'd love to be that comfortable with nudity, but I'll never be that good an actor.'" The Corsair agrees. In :&nbsp; The Democratic Party High Rollers Itinerary , as published by urlLink Matt Drudge ; Among the events: "Sunday, July 25, 2004 Clambake at the Kennedy Compound Noon to 2:00 p.m. "Leadership Council(All guests depart from Four Seasons Hotel) "Please join Senator and Mrs. Edward M. Kennedy at their historic home in Hyannis for an afternoon clambake (this event is by invitation only). "Tuesday, July 27, 2004 "Policy Briefing by President William Jefferson Clinton "The Wang Theater ( Ed Note : Tee Hee, A Briefing by President Clinton at the Wang theater, tee hee) 270 Tremont Street 10:00 a.m. to Noon "Please join President Bill Clinton for a briefing and question and answer session on the key issues facing our country this election year.&nbsp; "Pool, Bowling and Cocktails with Ben Affleck Jillian?s 145 Ipswich Street 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. "Come join Ben Affleck and shoot some pool and share cocktails at Jillian?s Sports Bar located minutes away from Fenway Park.&nbsp; Special guests also include General Wesley Clark.&nbsp; "Funny But True:&nbsp; Important Issues in 2004 "The Shubert Theatre 265 Tremont Street 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. "Please join political commentator Paul Begala as he highlights the humorous side of election year politics.&nbsp; ( Ed Note : You haven't lived on the wild side until you've heard Paul Begala's Ross Perot impression) "Panel participants include actors Chevy Chase, Ben Affleck and Alec Baldwin.&nbsp; "Post-Gavel Reception with Senator Kerry Museum of ScienceScience Park 10:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m. "Please join us as we honor the next President of the United States, John Kerry, and celebrate the final night of convention activities in Boston.&nbsp; And, come hear a special performance by Jon Bon Jovi." &nbsp;

 Ice T: 'I Don't Want to Eat Dog Shit' &nbsp; &nbsp; From Elemental Magazine, Issue 59: "There was ... a rumor about Ice (T) &nbsp;making an appearance on Celebrity Fear Factor? "'I was at a party with the President of NBC.' he recalls, 'he's like the big pimp, he controls everything. I'm telling him I like Fear Factor.' He was like 'Would you like to do Fear Factor?' I'm talking all this shit, I'm like 'Hell yeah, I'll do it.' Within a week the phone rang. My boy answered the phone and was like 'Yo, Ice, they are calling about Fear Factor.' I was like 'Oh my God, I can't go on Fear Factor, I might go out in the first round. 'Plus, I dont want to eat dog shit. I was like, 'Nah, I got a back problem.' Really just truly bitched out on that one.'" &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 Christina Applegate on Ben Affleck's "Stuff" It appears that&nbsp;" urlLink the little white haired girl " from&nbsp;Fox's Married with Children is all grown up, and, uh,&nbsp;comfortable with&nbsp;Ben Affleck's&nbsp;"saucy" behavior.&nbsp; From Hollywood Life , July-August 2004 :&nbsp; Hollywood Life : You have two indies coming out-- urlLink Employee of the Month and urlLink Grand Theft Parsons -- both of which played this year at Sundance. Be honest. How much free merchandise did you get for just showing up at the festival? Applegate : It's so sick. We had to get an extra bag because the swag was unbelievable. The best thing we got was a 40 inch flat screen tv ... (The interview is interrupted when the song urlLink 'Milkshake' starts playing on Applegate's cell phone) HL : How hard is it not to start dancing when your phone rings? Applegate : I always do. I have a lot of different rings. My husband's (Ed Note: urlLink Jonathan Schaech ) is urlLink 'Lips Like Sugar' by Echo and the Bunnymen . HL : That makes sense ... what is it like working with Ben Affleck on urlLink Surviving Christmas ? Applegate : He's very silly on set. I just wanted him to be quiet so I could work. There's something specific he did that made me laugh but it would ruin his reputation. HL : If I gave you a flat-screen tv would you tell me? Applegate : (Laughs) OK, they were doing an insert shot of a briefcase or something, and Ben just decided to put his urlLink "stuff" &nbsp;on the briefcase. He would always do things like that: urlLink mooning , sticking his tongue in the director's ear. He's very goofy. I just admire him. I've heard of junk in the trunk, but junk on the briefcase?! Actually, The Corsair tried to be goofy like this at another job's Christmas party&nbsp;but, unfortunately, as he was not an A-Lister, &nbsp;he was charged with sexual harrassment and a restraining order was issued. What can I say? Mi vida loca . &nbsp;

 A Little of The Old In and Out &nbsp; In : urlLink Target's Brooklyn Outpost Opening Party , at least as described by a&nbsp;rosy cheeked&nbsp; urlLink Gawker reader . Was it urlLink the Roman historian Sallust who said, in the brilliant urlLink Conspiracy of Catiline &nbsp;(a history of corruption in the Roman Empire of the 1st Century AD),&nbsp;that the words must fit the event described? If so, then the&nbsp;surreal flow of prose immediately below, should match precisely the oddness of urlLink Target's opening &nbsp;a outpost in the BK: "Men in red eyeshadow and girls with Robert Smith hair -- they've never been to Atlantic Center! I'm not fooled -- and doing shots of tequila? That's not going to work out in the end. And then what I was more ashamed of myself was how sad I was that in two weeks, once this joint is open to masses of brooklyn trash who make Pathmark unusable, I will never again be able to admire the rows and rows of blue greeting cards and purchase them with matching envelopes or peruse the aisles of Gatorade without witnessing parents beat their children in the middle and the dirty sick part of me just wants Target to stay exactly like it was last night." It is the dirty sick parts in which this blog is concerned. As you will soon see ...&nbsp; Out : &nbsp; urlLink Chris Rock's recipe for crack . A very special Corsair , where funnyman Chris Rock talks to Jenna Jameson and Court Love's pal, Neil Strauss about proper lactose levels when making your own "crack rock".&nbsp; His worst career move since playing " urlLink Nat X " on SNL. In : The Jackasses . These&nbsp;cats&nbsp;are having a hell of a good time in the limelight, all told, true believers. According to urlLink The Star, that significant cultural artifact : "Though&nbsp;(Johnny Knoxville's) still married to his wife of seven years, Melanie (with whom he has a daughter, Madison , 6) he too loves to party ( Ed. Note : no shit) . 'Just like on the show, he's incredibly spontaneous and funny,' says a source close to Knoxville. 'It's just what Kate needs after the split.' The two were reportedly spotted in New York on June 17 having lunch and then later that night were caught fondling at the trendy rockers Franz Ferdinand concert at Webster Hall. Then on July 1, the two were reportedly spied canoodling at a pub in North London. 'She spent the whole evening all over Johnny,' a source reported. A pal of Knoxville told Star: 'Johnny and Kate are very, very, very close friends. But yes, he's still married.'" And, what's more, urlLink British Vogue reports : "SEEMS that a Jackass face is the latest supermodel accessory. Kate Moss' friendship with the sexy star of the show, Johnny Knoxville , has been well documented and now urlLink May Anderson has taken her example. The sultry catwalker was spotted strolling hand-in-hand with Knoxville's sidekick, Steve-O , in New York this week. Apparently roller skating backwards off cliffs and falling out of supermarket trolleys is the way to get the girl ..." Just last week, I was out with a sophisticated woman who extolled the virtues of the Jackass crew&nbsp;against a barrage of my derision; she sustained the argument all through lunch. Women like risk takers , I suppose, and these guys represent that; although it's hard for me to fathom through all the playa hating. If anyone can explain this phenomenon to me, I'm at urlLink papermag@yahoo.com . Until then, I'll console myself with the notion that these guys don't do urlLink yoga every day and keep a urlLink dream journal like I do.&nbsp; So there . Out : urlLink The Smoking Gun publishes what may be one of the strangest stories ever, and that, for SmokingGun, is quite a feat indeed: "A Florida man assaulted his girlfriend with a three-foot alligator during a domestic dispute Friday morning, according to cops. David Havennar , 41, was charged with battery for smacking girlfriend Nancy Monico in the ribs with the gator, who lived in a bathtub in Havennar's Port Orange home, according to the below Volusia County Sheriff's Office report. Monico told deputies that she did not know why Havennar had an alligator in his bathtub, but claimed her beau was 'torturing' the reptile. However, an examination of the reptile--which was seized by state wildlife officials--showed no signs of abuse. Monico, on the other hand, suffered minor injuries to her lip, legs, and back area, according to investigators. For his part, Havennar claimed that Monico started the 9 AM dustup when she 'bit him on the hand because she was mad about being out of alcohol.'" The rough patches of any relationship can be lubricated, I suppose,&nbsp;with a lusty sip of the old "Budweiser." But, The Corsair imagines,&nbsp;Monico probably didn't "cook up the possum and fixins" to his liking.&nbsp;Monico might even possibly have been "messing with his crank," &nbsp;meriting the&nbsp;lamentable minor injuries to the "back area," so skillfully described in the police report.&nbsp;And, of course, the urlLink coup de grace , urlLink in his mugshot , this paragon of manliness&nbsp;is not even wearing a shirt. Like urlLink Shaq's biological : He didn't bother . Domestic violence, pet reptiles, argumenst over domestic beer, unselfconscious shirtlessness -- you see where I'm going with this: urlLink Can you guess&nbsp;this man's&nbsp;socioeconomic class ? Only in Florida, kiddies, only in Florida. In : The New York Observer . The salmon colored weekly, every once in a while, turns in a chestnut, gets it right, makes us proud to be in (The Corsair traces invisible ironic quotation marks into thin air) "the media". urlLink This is one such a moment &nbsp;(link via urlLink Gawkie poo ). Observe, as the intrepid&nbsp;Observer staff&nbsp;catch our specimen,&nbsp;a urlLink rara avis , one&nbsp; P Diddy , in mid-hustle: "Sean (P. Diddy) Combs is not known for being at a loss for words. "But the hip-hop impresario was speechless for several seconds when The urlLink Transom asked him about his own voting record at a press conference on Tuesday morning to introduce Citizen Change, the voter-registration task force that he founded. Asked about the last time hed voted, Mr. Combs, wearing sunglasses and a dark sports jacket over a 'Vote or Die' T-shirt, confessed that he last entered a voting booth and pulled the lever in 2000. Mr. Combs stood at a podium in Kimmel Auditorium at N.Y.U., surrounded by red-white-and-blue balloons in front of an audience that half-expected him to launch his own run for office. "When queried whether he voted in city elections, Mr. Combs said, 'No.' An awkward silence ensued; the microphone squealed. Could he elaborate on why? 'To be honest, Im justI was just as disenfranchised as the younger disenfranchised voters,' he stammered, before the smooth-talking salesman kicked in. 'Its just recently, in 2000, that I started to educate myself and understand the way the system works. So thats what makes this thing so much more relevant, because Im not talking from the outside. I understand a lot about how young people feel and how minorities feel; we feel that the system doesnt work. But I cant just sit back and complain about it, you knowI can do something about it. So I dont have a long-lasting record history of voting, but I do have a long-lasting record of communicating and motivating and energizing and synergizing young people and, you know, Im just like them. You know, I didnt believe in the process, so I can explain to young people why they should get motivated with this.' The applause was thunderous. " The Corsair quietly&nbsp;sips pimp juice from an "icy" custom made urlLink pimp goblet . "'Now wasnt that a good answer!?' shouted a member of the Citizen Change posse, a group that includes political bulldog urlLink James Carville , who showed up in a sport coat, pink shirt and green plaid tie to fulfill his duties as chairman. ('He didnt take no paper because he knows we aint got no money,' Mr. Combs had said earlier. 'He was so nice to donate his time.') The bullshit-hustle continues urlLink here at urlLink Wagnerian length . And yet you can't stop reading. &nbsp; Out : Giorgio Armani is on the outs with the Old Gray Lady; he's got his panties in a twist,&nbsp;according to urlLink British Vogue , chill Giorgio: "GIORGIO ARMANI has pulled all future ads from the New York Times after its urlLink somewhat negative review of his spring/summer 2005 menswear collection. Famous for previously refusing to advertise in US Vogue because, he claimed, it did not give him enough editorial support, the designer first reacted to the show report by taking out a full-page spread to highlight his more flattering reviews. And he is now refusing to advertise again until further notice. 'It is correct that the Armani Group has removed the New York Times newspaper (not the New York Times Magazine) from its advertising plan,' a spokesperson for the company told The Daily. 'This decision has been taken as a result of the existence of a persistent and significant philosophical difference with the newspaper's fashion desk. We have no other comment to make at this time.' The review, which appeared in the July 4 issue of the paper, read as follows: 'The creative possibilities of Italian fashion were once clearly synonymous with the name of Giorgio Armani. When exactly, one wonders, did that stop being the case? It is not so much that talk about corporate succession has damaged the image as the designer approaches 70. It is not that people have forgotten Mr Armani's profound contributions to fashion design. It is that shows like the one Mr Armani presented this week seem errant, confounding and stuck in a vision of an unrecognisable world.'" That urlLink Guy Trebay &nbsp;( The Corsair softly chuckles), causing all sorts of ruckus and hullaballoo (Averted Gaze) .&nbsp; In : &nbsp; Tony Brown . Have you ever seen our favorite African-American "self-help" Republican show&nbsp; urlLink Tony Bown's Journal on PBS ? The show was&nbsp;decidedly low rent, but informative, sort of like a tv version of urlLink Jet Magazine without the class; I learned about urlLink George Washington Carver's &nbsp;little -- ahem -- "innovations&nbsp;on the theme of almonds" on this program .&nbsp; Tony Brown's Journal&nbsp;definitely had a sort of urlLink X-File-ish vibe of conspiracy about it; whiffs of schizophrenia, really; as a kid&nbsp;this show&nbsp;kind of freaked me out. If you haven't seen Tony Brown's Journal, you missed out on hard-hitting discussions on lead poisoning, hypertension, the possible consequences of the the Y2K computer bug, and the use of Malathion to combat an outbreak of mosquito-borne encephalitis. You see where I'm going with this . Let's just say that the show is a little "eccentric,"&nbsp;even "odd." And let's leave it at that, so that in my memories, when I urlLink look backward ,&nbsp;the show has a warm, kind urlLink patina &nbsp;to it.&nbsp; Anyhoo : Tony Brown, apparently, will be the urlLink new Dean (link via urlLink Romenesko ) of Hampton University's&nbsp;Scripps Howard School of Journalism and Communications.&nbsp; Far out, Tony Brown's School Days. True story : I saw Tony Brown at a fast food Chinese restaurant in Manhattan&nbsp;roughly five years ago. He had the urlLink General Tso's chicken , I believe. He was wearing earth tone short pants and his legs were in dire need of cocoa butter. My childhood image of him was shattered. Out : According to&nbsp;the excellent urlLink Rush and Molloy &nbsp;(5th Item), Michael Moore is defending urlLink Linda Ronstadt in her fracas , going so far as offering to sing for his supper: "'Fahrenheit 9/11' filmmaker Michael Moore is aflame after hearing that Las Vegas' Aladdin Hotel &amp; Casino ejected Linda Ronstadt. As we told you yesterday, Aladdin security showed the singer the door when she hailed Moore as her 'Desperado.' "Blasting the move as 'stupid and un-American,' Moore told the Aladdin president in a letter: 'Invite her back and I'll join her in singing 'America the Beautiful' on your stage." Oh, dear lord, please don't, Michael. You are a talented filmmaker, let's leave it at that.

 A Little of the Old In and Out &nbsp; In: Polo, baby, urlLink polo &nbsp;( The Corsair repeats, sotto voce , urlLink one more time , with&nbsp;solemnity in his tone and salt in his game, he whispers: "Po- lo ").&nbsp; That's not teen spirit in the air, true believers, it's urlLink horse-musk ; horse musk, freshly manicured grounds, and the sounds of soft chuckling, as the specially-imported South American players (the second South American import of choice) roam the night in search of a little of the old in and out. It's summer , playboy, which means, quite frankly,&nbsp;that Polo is&nbsp;so very "in"&nbsp;among the&nbsp;chubby, sweaty, urlLink shortfingered Hamptons vulgarians who tend to look not unlike urlLink Harvey Weinstein , and graze annually, with the slow certitude of urlLink apex predators , &nbsp;at their favorite watering holes in the Hamptons; they dine, of course, &nbsp;on the lean, juicy and tender&nbsp;meat of fashion models. ( The Corsair puts on his&nbsp;urban anthropolgist's gear, grabs a tropical butterfly net, and sets to work) urlLink Fashionweekdaily assesses the talent in the room: &nbsp; "The crowds consensus of the sixth-annual Bridgehampton Polo event was that it was a more laid back, mellower scene than in years past. Granted even without an urlLink SLR in attendance?there was no lack of flash, thanks to the dozens of other high-priced Benzes parked on the fields, the urlLink Zino platinum cigars many gentlemen and even a few women were seen puffing on, and the last-minute arrival of a statuesque and pregnant urlLink Stephanie Seymour (hubby urlLink Peter Brant , who owns Interview magazine, is also the VP of the Bridgehampton Polo Club). The afternoons mistress of ceremonies, urlLink Jessica Alba , who flew to the Hamptons via helicopter, arrived wearing a floral chiffon Jil Sander dress, Christian Louboutin peep-toe sandals, and a white Louis Vuitton Suhali bag, accessorized with a pink diamond cross she designed herself and a 20-karat heart-shaped ring from Jacob the Jeweler. 'This is my first time in the Hamptons,' said urlLink Alba , who spent most of her time in the VIP tent. 'It feels just like Connecticut, but more laid back.'" &nbsp; Okay, okay, so she's not sophisticated -- she's still very pretty and she dresses nice.&nbsp; &nbsp; Out: Badgely Mishka. urlLink According to British Vogue , despite the fact that Badgely Mishka has annual&nbsp;retail sales&nbsp;of $40 million a year, and urlLink Charlotte from Sex and the City wore their dress to her wedding: " MARK BADGLEY and James Mischka announced this week that they would not be producing a spring/summer 2005 collection, having failed to find funding for it. The star design duo, who launched their label 16 years ago after meeting at Parsons School of Design, initially financed Badgley Mischka themselves with family money. In 1992, they sold an estimated 80 per cent of the business to Escada. However, as part of the cost-cutting initiative that it launched in 2001, the German fashion giant has admitted that it is no longer willing to come up with the&nbsp;($927,000) that it costs to produce a collection of Badgley Mischka exquisitely embroidered evening dresses. The label was put up for sale last October and, despite several companies having shown interest, the designers said jointly yesterday that 'an agreement has not been finalised thus far and funding is therefore not available for a spring/summer collection.'"&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; This is a Tragedy. I covered the tents&nbsp;during urlLink Fall Fashion Week in&nbsp;2000 &nbsp;for a small consumer publication, and Badgley Mishka, by far,&nbsp;blew me away; nothing came close to their excellence. The Corsair , a fan of beautiful things, sincerely hopes that the show will go on at Badgley Mishka , purveyor of stunning swishy things. &nbsp; In : Winona Ryder, o r, in the words of Kentucky-born fellow waif urlLink Johnny Depp's tatoo, "Wino Forever ."According to urlLink AFlyonthewall a strange Winona scene unfolded: &nbsp; "The other night, diners at Beverly Hills restaurant Kate Mantilini were treated to a bizarre, impromptu performance by convicted thief Winona Ryder. Ryder was eating quietly with two young women who had the twitchy, skittish appearance of personal assistants." &nbsp; The Corsair softly chuckles.&nbsp; "Toward the end of their meal, however, Ryder loudly began demanding that one of the young women 'give it to me!' After a few minutes of noisy Ryder histrionics, according to eyewitnesses, one of the young women reluctantly handed a cellular phone to the actress. Ryder then made an immediate beeline for the ladies' room. A few minutes later, diners heard Ryder screaming and crying loudly as she pleaded with someone named Ricky on the phone in the john. 'No, no, no, Ricky, you promised!' Ryder wailed repeatedly. Several curious female diners made their way to the restroom, where they found Ryder squatting on the bathroom floor moaning into the cellphone. When Ryder saw that she had an appreciative audience, however, she began screaming obscenities at the women and locked herself in the bathroom. About ten minutes later, a smudgy-eyed Ryder quickly exited the john and out a restaurant side door, then climbed into an arriving limousine. Her female dining companions were left to pick up the check. Coincidentally, Kate Mantilini is right down the street from the scene of Ryder's department store thieving performance. While Ryder has been known to credit bizarre public behavior in the past to 'research for a part,' she's not presently working. She was slated to shoot Oskur Fishman this summer with Ben Kingsley, but financing fell apart at the last minute. Ryder finished filming urlLink A Scanner Darkly in June, a Richard Linklater adaptation of the Philip K. Dick novel." &nbsp; Out : urlLink Chad Lowe ; that&nbsp;poor fucker, as if it isn't bad enough that urlLink Rob got all the looks and acting talent, and you got stuck with the&nbsp;unremarkable name, "Chad,"&nbsp;dooming you from the start to a life of mediocrity, and, finally, directing some low grade piece of ass tv show called, &nbsp; urlLink Hack . ( A reptilian gleam alights The Corsair's eyes) But according to urlLink NY Daily News' Lloyd Grove (2nd item),&nbsp;Chad&nbsp;&nbsp;is using his wife's juice -- again (A verted gaze) : &nbsp; " urlLink Soho House is, like, so last year . But, as Chad Lowe learned the hard way, it's still not any easier to get inside. "Lowdown hears that the 36-year-old actor - better known as Rob's younger brother and Hilary Swank's hubby - showed up at the ultra-exclusive, British-accented club on Saturday and attempted entry with a group of friends. "When the young women at the front desk couldn't locate his name in the member database, Lowe told them, 'I'm about to be a member in a week.' But after a bit of back-and-forth, it became clear that he had never even submitted an application. 'Er, can I just apply now?' No dice: Soho House aspirants must be nominated by two members in good standing before submitting their application to a strict committee, which meets just once every three months. Which left Lowe with Plan C: Hinting that if the club let him in, his wife would begin making frequent Soho House cameos. Alas, even that didn't work, so finally Lowe and his posse were forced to slink away. &nbsp; " ... urlLink The New York Times recently reported that when Lowe's assistant was unsuccessful in reserving a table at the fully booked West Village restaurant urlLink Hue , he sniffed, 'That's a shame, because his wife, Academy Award-winner Hilary Swank, is very hungry.'" &nbsp; So pathetic. &nbsp; In : urlLink The National Enquirer's ultra-trashy, horrible, excessive, raw sewage of a journalistic expose on Britney Spears'&nbsp;"roots." Here's urlLink a taste &nbsp;(guaranteed, you'll have to take a looong, cold shower after reading this one, kids): &nbsp; "Superstar Britney Spears' erratic behavior has been generating headlines for nearly a year, but she's one of the most stable individuals in her family! "Britney has a dark family secret -- two of her uncles are ex-cons with long rap sheets for crimes in three states, The ENQUIRER has learned exclusively from court records. "While Britney has amassed a fortune living the glamorous life, one of her uncles is known as 'Road Kill Willie' because sources say he likes to scoop up critters that have been hit by cars and cook them for dinner! "Road Kill Willie has been busted for burglary, drug distribution and being a deadbeat dad, according to court records. He is the brother of Britney's father Jamie. &nbsp; "... Britney's other uncle, June Spears, has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon, driving under the influence and beating his wife, say court records. "Sources close to the family tell The ENQUIRER that Britney avoids her uncles whenever she goes home to Kentwood, La. (And she never dines with Road Kill Willie!)" &nbsp; "... Willie spends most of the time living in tents and camper trailers or sleeping in cars. "'Until recently, Willie was living in an 18-foot trailer on a riverbank outside of Kentwood,' said the insider. 'But Willie got hard up for cash and ended up selling his trailer for $60. "These days he sleeps in his van or stays with friends. 'June lives about the same way as Willie, squatting anywhere he can.' &nbsp; "Britney's dad sometimes gives Road Kill Willie, 46, and June, 41, work with his construction company, said a source. But the source said the pair fight so much, one of them usually has to go." &nbsp; Read urlLink here if you want the 411 on&nbsp;the&nbsp;restraining orders, the DUI's, the spousal abuses and the public intoxication&nbsp;charges filed&nbsp;against&nbsp;the "possum eatin' kinfolk"&nbsp; who share&nbsp;Britney's urlLink DNA signature . &nbsp; Out : According to urlLink Hello! Magazine , Brad buys Jennifer Aniston Liz Taylor's yacht: &nbsp; " Brad Pitt has bought his wife Jennifer Aniston a piece of Hollywood history - the yacht once owned by Richard Burton and silver screen goddess Elizabeth Taylor .The 165ft Kalizma was originally purchased by Richard Burton in 1967, when he wanted to congratulate Liz on her Oscar for Who's Afraid Of Virginia Woolf?. The couple named it after their three children together, Kate, Liza and Marie." &nbsp; "... (Richard Burton)&nbsp;paid $148,000 when he bought the yacht, but it is reported to set Brad back by a staggering ($5,500.000). With enough room to sleep ten people and a crew of eight, it features an antique-furnished dining-room, four-poster beds and artworks by Picasso, Monet and Van Gogh."&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Thus forever&nbsp;negating any future, "but there so down to earth" lines. &nbsp; In :&nbsp; urlLink Quadruplets . According to urlLink Reuters : "Pop star Michael Jackson, facing a trial on child molestation charges, is about to become a father to four more children -- quadruplets -- by way of a surrogate mother, Us Weekly magazine reported on Tuesday. "Citing unnamed sources close to the self-proclaimed 'King of Pop,' the magazine said Jackson recently spent time with the pregnant mother-to-be in Florida, where he stayed in a $4,000-a-night luxury hotel suite in Miami Beach. " Oh, dear . &nbsp; Out : Sandy, you got some 'splainin to&nbsp;do.&nbsp;Stupid ass Sandy Berger, former National Security Advisor, may have "borrowed" classified documents relating the the 911 Commission; urlLink says Fox (link via urlLink Drudgie Poo ): &nbsp; "Sandy Berger&nbsp;is under scrutiny by the&nbsp;Justice Department following the disappearance of documents he was reviewing at the National Archives. "Berger's home and office were searched earlier this year by FBI agents armed with warrants after the former Clinton adviser voluntarily returned some sensitive documents to the&nbsp;National Archives and admitted he also removed handwritten notes he had made while reviewing the sensitive documents. "However, some drafts of a sensitive after-action report on the Clinton administration's handling of Al Qaeda terror threats during the December 1999 millennium celebration are still missing, officials and lawyers said. Officials said the missing documents also&nbsp;identified America's terror vulnerabilities at airports to seaports. "Berger and his lawyer said Monday night he knowingly removed the handwritten notes by placing them in his jacket, pants and socks, and also inadvertently took copies of actual classified documents in a leather portfolio."&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Democrats are actually supporting him &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; In : urlLink The Best of The Corsair &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;

 Ha Mavin, Yavin &nbsp; First urlLink Lenny Kravitz and Denzel Washington's new club was named after a urlLink Persian slang word for pussy . Now, urlLink mirabile dictu , Madonna has taken to singing in another Near Eastern Language, namely, Yiddish, urlLink according to The Sun : &nbsp; "(Madonna) has taken to singing in urlLink Yiddish , an ancient German-based language used by Jews. "... Its another departure from the mainstream for Madge or Esther as she prefers her friends to call her now shes gone over to the Jewish sect. "The first people to be subjected to Madges attempt at singing in the native tongue of her new religion were a small crowd of partygoing, rock n roll rabbis. "A source at the party said: 'Madonna was performing for urlLink Kabbalah guru Phillip Berg at his house in New York. "She performed two songs in Yiddish in front of 50 or so guests. The staff working at the party were baffled when she took to the stage. I think most people were expecting her to belt out one of her big Top Ten hits.&nbsp; It was a really odd spectacle watching Madonna launch into some Yiddish tunes. "Now there is talk the Queen Of Pop may release a song with Yiddish lyrics in it. "Oh dear God, please, NO. " That last sentence is editorial on behalf of the Sun, but The Corsair does not entirely disagree. &nbsp; Comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever site.

 The New, "Urban" Tom Cruise&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Imagine my surprise when I got my annual invitation to the urlLink Urbanworld Film Festival this week and found, urlLink mirabile dictu , that urlLink Tom Cruise's Collateral will be screened opening night . &nbsp; &nbsp; It's not that Urbanworld (which is, by the way, far and large the best place in the world to "hook up" with gorgeous women of color; trust me on this one, true believers), is not "keeping it real," per se -- quite the contrary: Tom Cruise , it appears,&nbsp;is metamorphosing into an urban persona. How cool is that?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if Tom and Jamie actually showed up at the opening of Urbanworld, surprising the mostly African-American, Asian and Latino audience into disbelief. &nbsp; Tom Cruise hasn't been the old Tom Cruise in a while, youknowwhatImean? He's lost the magic.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The urlLink "Tommy-Boy" shtick with Rosie O'Donnell got really tiresome, really, really&nbsp;fast. And&nbsp;Tom Cruise's&nbsp;on-screen persona, which Artie Lang, the Howard Stern sidekick, acutely observed, was "too contrived," wore on our last nerve as well.&nbsp; Too much urlLink fucking vanity was being projected from those hawkish eyes and that studied, plastic, boyish-cocky&nbsp;grin.&nbsp; It was time for a makeover. &nbsp; &nbsp; Tom Cruise&nbsp;was Brian Flanagan , the best damn urlLink drink slinger ;&nbsp;we knew him as Cole Trickle , the best damn urlLink race car driver ; he was urlLink fucking Maverick , and, as we all know,&nbsp;"Mav" was the best damn urlLink fighter pilot &nbsp;in the US Air Force; &nbsp;he was Ethan Hunt , the best damn urlLink covert agent ; he was even Detective John Anderton in Minority Report, the best damn urlLink detective , with the help of those&nbsp;eerie urlLink Precog's ; let's face it,&nbsp;throughout the 80s and 90s, Tom Cruise&nbsp;was the best damn everything. &nbsp; &nbsp; Of course , there is a backlash to wanting -- needing, really -- to project oneself onto the American consciousness as an icon of perfection, and&nbsp; the backlash&nbsp;is a bitch .&nbsp; We, infected with the virus " urlLink democratic leveling ," as the eminent American observer&nbsp; urlLink Alexis Henri Charles Maurice , Count de Tocqueville, described it, wanted to tear him down; that is&nbsp;a drawback&nbsp;of a democracy that urlLink emphasizes equality over an urlLink aristocratic hierarchy and the concept of excellence. Really bring him down a notch. &nbsp; &nbsp; Tom noticed and changed his game rather abruptly. He got rid of his urlLink publicist, Pat Kingsley , replacing her with his sister, Leanne Devette. &nbsp; &nbsp; Tom Cruise is urlLink more accessible than ever . &nbsp; And now, the new, "urban" Tom Cruise, playing straightman to Jamie Foxx in Collateral, appearing with him on the urlLink ESPY's and the urlLink MTV Movie Awards , presents himself as no longer invincible. &nbsp; And, frankly, I like that.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;

 Bill Clinton's Life &nbsp; &nbsp; The Corsair has read Bill Clinton's autobiography, and he liked it (although&nbsp;Clinton's quixotic&nbsp;digression on voodoo and zombies in Haiti&nbsp;made for&nbsp;disturbing nighttime reading) . New York's urlLink Deborah Schoeneman &nbsp;chronicles some of New York's power players on urlLink whether or not they had : &nbsp; &nbsp; "Bill Clintons 957-page bestseller, My Life, may be holding down every coffee table in Manhattan, but that doesnt mean anyones actually reading it ... Kevin Bacons not sure hell get around to it. 'Id love to, but Im dyslexic and reading is hard for me,' he says." &nbsp; &nbsp; Which may or may not be just &nbsp; urlLink Much Ado About Nothing , or, in fact, it may explain&nbsp;Kevin's rather&nbsp;fast and urlLink footloose relationship to urlLink the concept ot Time , as urlLink The New York Daily News' Rush and Molloy relate today (3rd item): &nbsp; &nbsp; "It's gratifying to see that Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick have marital spats over things like clothes and punctuality, just like plain folks. ' &nbsp; "Sedgwick was alone, looking at her watch and tapping her stilettos just before the start of 'Much Ado About Nothing' in Central Park last week when Bacon tore up at the last minute. &nbsp; "Sedgwick sliced and diced her hubby - and 'Cavedweller' co-star - right in front of big-eared photographers: She didn't like his timing, and she didn't like his outfit, sources report. &nbsp; "They then forced smiles for the cameras and hurried in." &nbsp; &nbsp; urlLink New York's Schoeneman&nbsp; continues in&nbsp;her quest -- like urlLink Diogenes -- to find an honest&nbsp;Clinton bio reader, no such luck with the grumpy and urlLink recently bitchslapped critic Dale Peck : &nbsp; &nbsp; " urlLink Critic Dale Peck has no plans to pick it up: 'I dont know a soul whos read it, or even expressed interest in reading it.' &nbsp; &nbsp; Finally: &nbsp; " urlLink Mort Zuckerman was the only person we could track down who had finished the opus, and only because he had to review it. He calls it 'the most self-indulgent book I have ever read.'"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 A Little of The Old In and Out &nbsp; In : urlLink Gary Hart . Although it appears that John Forbes Kerry has all but chosen urlLink Richard Holbrooke , Diane Sawyer's former " urlLink himbo ", &nbsp;to be urlLink Secretary of State in his Administration&nbsp;in the event that&nbsp;he win the election, Hart, the former Colorado Senator, would be an incredible choice as Homeland Security chief, or, if it isn't beneath him, UN Ambassador, in a vamped up Cabinet level post. As urlLink Henry the Intern at Gawker writes of his Topic A appearance: &nbsp; "Gary Hart, former&nbsp;(Senator) from Colorado, author, and terrorism hound, predicted there would be biological attacks 'sooner rather than later' in Middle America. Good thing all of Middle America watches 'Topic A.' He criticized President Bush, domestic security, scandal-driven media, and expressed fear of the U.S. having 'a long-term agenda of dominating the politics of the Middle East [and] generally playing a more imperial role.'" &nbsp; Gloomy, yes; but the wise utterances of an Oxford PhD in Philosophy.&nbsp; Why the fuck isn't this&nbsp; urlLink Intellectual Patriot the President? &nbsp; Out : Oscar De La Renta , according to urlLink British Vogue : &nbsp; " OSCAR DE LA RENTA has handed over the title of chief executive of his eponymous company to his 36-year-old son-in-law, urlLink Alex Bolen . Retaining his position as chairman, 71-year-old De La Renta, who set up the company in 1965, told Women's Wear Daily that this latest move will simply free him up to do more of the designing that he loves. 'I feel really great about it,' he said. 'I'm seeing the continuity of my business beyond my life span. That's important for my family and my employees. But I hope to go on for a long time - you know I'm a control freak.' Bolen, who is married to Oscar's stepdaughter, Eliza Reed Bolen, only joined the company last year at his father-in-law's request. " &nbsp; In : urlLink Nicole Ritchie , who, urlLink according to Ananova , had a "Nipplegate" episode of her own: &nbsp; "Lionel Richie's daughter Nicole had to show her breasts to airport security staff after her nipple ring triggered off metal detectors. "Nicole, who stars with Paris Hilton in US reality TV show The Simple Life, was traveling from Reno, Nevada to New York City. "She says: 'I said: "I'm pierced', and that usually is the end of it. And she said: 'Well, what are you gonna do about it?' &nbsp; "I said: 'Well, you can either scan it or ... I don't know what to tell you.' She said: 'Well, visually, I can't say that that is okay. Even if I look at it I can't say it's okay. I'm not even allowed to touch it.' &nbsp; "I'm like: 'What if I say you can touch it? It should be fine.' She's like: 'No, I'm not allowed to do that.' &nbsp; "So they brought in two female officers and took me not to necessarily the most private place in the airport and made me take off my top. Thank God I'm not a shy person, but what if I was shy?" &nbsp; Well , then you wouldn't be the urlLink lovable Nicole Ritchie , easy urlLink like Sunday morning ,&nbsp;that we know and love, right? &nbsp; Out : urlLink The LA.com blog &nbsp;once again&nbsp;bewilders us with this sleazy piece of yum-yum: &nbsp; "While slithering up the ladder of TV and movie fame, this prodigiously sexy (and prodigiously well-endowed) actor won raves from scores of female journalists by seducing them, sometimes literally, whenever a pretty one came to interview him at some distant location. Now, slightly older, a bit scruffy around the edges, but still a raving horndog, the married-with-kids guy is happily enjoying the time he's gained from the cooling of his career. How? By plowing his way through erotic encounters with a dizzying succession of anonymous housemaids, waitresses, nannies, sales clerks, cocktail waitresses and Starbucks chicks. Meanwhile, his certifiably insane showbiz wife slaves away to put health food on their very expensive table." &nbsp; The&nbsp;people on the board mention both Sly Stallone and John Travolta.&nbsp; &nbsp; In : The " Is Meryl Streep Playing Hillary In The Manchurian Candidate Remake?" question. Meryl Streep is tied for The Corsair's favorite actress with urlLink Ingmar Bergman's haunting -- and urlLink haunted --&nbsp;Muse, urlLink Liv Ullman and, our sleeper pick,&nbsp; urlLink Cate Blanchett , who, to us, &nbsp;can do no wrong. That question, some wonder, may have made stillborn the subliminal feelers&nbsp;put out&nbsp;to accumulate&nbsp;"Hillary for Vice President" buzz; I mean, what , how does&nbsp;one run against Cheney when Streep is portraying her as " urlLink brilliantly evil " in the summer's blockbuster?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; urlLink Newsweek Magazine (link via urlLink Drudgie poo )weighs in with: &nbsp; "'(Says&nbsp;the &nbsp;film's Producer Scott Rudin)I think this character is the closest Meryl's ever played to herself.' Is that a compliment? Must be. 'Actually,' Streep says, 'it's the closest to Scott Rudin that I've ever played.' In truth, she did have some models for the role. Just don't ask her who they were. "Never mind," she says, laughing. 'Fox News would love if I were doing Hillary, but that's so off the mark.'" &nbsp; But, urlLink Flyonthewall wrote, earlier this summer: &nbsp; "It doesn't help, either, that Meryl has a Hillary hairdo and wears Hillarian clothes and jewelry. 'Meryl has the Hillary hand gestures totally down pat,' my insider tells me. 'I don't know whether this is something she picked up subconsciously or an idea Jonathan gave her, but she's totally dead on. You feel like you're watching Hillary Clinton conspire to take over the world. The Republican Hillary-haters should totally eat this up.'"&nbsp; &nbsp; We'll see for ourselves. &nbsp; Out : The Kravitz-Washington He Man Woman-Haters Club . According to the merry band of urlLink Page Sixers : &nbsp; " Lenny Kravitz and Denzel Washington's long-awaited members-only club, Kos, reportedly is close to opening. "Kravitz's cousin, Kevin Connor, who is also the club's managing partner, confided to a PAGE SIX spy that 'Kos' is actually urlLink a racy Persian slang term . The storefront spot at 264 Bowery features a carpet-covered VIP room called 'The Kitty Box,' modeled after a playpen for housecats.&nbsp;" &nbsp; Damn. &nbsp;'The Kitty Box'? urlLink Kos ? Denzel and Lenny aren't quite going after the enlightened Ms. Magazine demographic, are they folks? urlLink Chickenheads drink fro free from&nbsp;11 to Midnite; holla .&nbsp; &nbsp; In : Girls With Gravity Issues . This from urlLink a Wonkette spy : &nbsp; "Once again, urlLink Jenna Bush was letting loose at Smith Point on Saturday night. She and three friends were saddled up at the bar, and were surrounded by a number of people trying to talk to her. I went over to the bar where they were standing myself, and was ordering a drink when Jenna fell off her barstool.&nbsp;" &nbsp; The Corsair has fallen off a couple of barstools in his day, but the timing of her fall, and the recent fall of urlLink Lindsay Lohan (link via Defamer) makes us wonder. urlLink Newton's Law of Universal Gravitation , which came from an apple being brought down from a tree to the earth,&nbsp;states that the force of gravitational attraction between the Earth and other objects is inversely proportional to the distance separating the earth's center from the object's center. But what brings a hott chick from the barstool to the floor? Let's just say The Corsair's Law of the Apple Martini and be done with it. Basta! &nbsp; Out : CBS Evening News Executive Producer Jim Murphy is talking smack about The Washington Post's Howard Kurtz, and if he isn't careful, frankly, my man Howie's going to find a "Reliable Source" (wink, wink) to be his second (is urlLink Bernie Kalb available?), urlLink repair to Weehauken, New Jersey , and square off in a duel with .56 caliber urlLink ancient pistols at the ready.&nbsp;Quoth the saucy&nbsp;Murphy, via urlLink Romenesko Letters , that randiest of journo watering holes: &nbsp; "The endless debate over how American politics are covered by domestic media gets another treatment in today's Howard Kurtz urlLink column in the Washington Post. And in the sidebar debate over television versus print as a source for comprehensive treatment, Howie comes down firmly on the side of print without ever saying so.But it's obvious in the subtext of Kurtz's report that he reached two conclusions from a selective viewing of the CBS Evening News reports about this year's issues called 'What Does It Mean To You?'" &nbsp; urlLink Read on and imagine, like I am now, a urlLink Barry Lyndon-like duel between the two media mavens. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In : The Sean Carter Scholarship Program . urlLink Fashionweekdaily writes about Sean Carter, formerly known as Jay Z, and how he is raising money for the laudable&nbsp;philanthropy: &nbsp; "First came the S. Carter II sneaker Jay-Z designed for Reebok. Now the hip-hop mogul ... has enlisted some of his high-profile friends to collaborate in designing limited edition S. Carter II sneakers, with proceeds benefiting the Shawn Carter Scholarship Fund. The program, 'S. Carter Women in Entertainment,' features the likes of Beyonc, Joy Bryant, Queen Latifah, Fergie from Black Eyed Peas, and Tyra Banks all of whom have taken the h-o-t Reebok sneaker and infused it with their unique flourishes. Beginning today at noon, fans can log onto urlLink www.rbk.com and bid online for these shoes. Bidding prices start at $100. In addition to scoring the shoe, each winner will also take home the celebritys sketch of the shoe and an authentic autograph."&nbsp; &nbsp;

 More Best of Corsair &nbsp; I'm a little slow today, but in the meantime, for all the new readers, here are some "best of ..." posts: &nbsp; urlLink Conde Nast Musical Chairs &nbsp; urlLink Trump Loves Pennies &nbsp; urlLink Rosario Dawson: "I'm Attracted to Celebrities" &nbsp; urlLink Samuel L. Jackson's Subway Nightmare &nbsp; urlLink The Harry Potter Media Chattering Class Yearbook &nbsp; urlLink Tyson Versus Snipes &nbsp; urlLink Media: Left Behind &nbsp; urlLink Charlie Murphy's True Hollywood Story &nbsp; urlLink The Charlie Rose Drinking Game &nbsp; urlLink Governor Rowland Must resign &nbsp; urlLink RZA is Crazy

 Christian Slater: ChickenPox Gate Christian Slater, he who wore urlLink a Nixon mask on Thursday , has apparently come down with Chicken Pox! Most curious , in an almost urlLink David Lynchian way, this turn of events. urlLink According to the BBC : "Slater, 34, was taken ill on Friday while rehearsing One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest in London. "However, its producers remain hopeful he will recover in time to appear in the first performance on 6 August. "The show had earlier lost its director when Guy Masterson quit the production, blaming stress and family illnesses. "'Felix Dexter, a member of the cast, was struck down with chicken pox in the second week of rehearsal,' said producer Nica Burns on Saturday. "Christian and company are in fantastic spirits." " Nica Burns 'We had hoped that the rest of the cast had escaped it, but yesterday Christian was taken ill and it is confirmed today that he has it.' " What the fuck ?! Let's drink this *alleged* preposterousness in for a minute, shall we? And, while we're drinking (A distraught Corsair haphazardly sips an urlLink alluring aged champagne from his urlLink icy pimp goblet , to settle his nerves, you know), let's not make assumptions about this, but use logic, like urlLink William of Baskerville , played by urlLink Sean Connery in urlLink The Name of the Rose , which also starred, yes, the man in question, Christian Slater . Our boy Christian was at Stringfellows strip club on urlLink Thursday night wearing a Nixon mask , that we know! He wouldn't take said mask off and, as a result, was asked to leave . The mask is out of character for Christian, as urlLink he usually just goes there 'as is .' urlLink Often . Now, the argument can be made that Christian put the mask on for fear that the press would discover him leaving the club, and his wife might beat his ass up. Again. And, to be sure, the London press has been riding him hard on his visits to the ecdysiasts. Solid argument, that, except, Slater was already inside the club . In private, where, ostensibly, no one has a camera, he didn't remove the mask, even when asked, he voluntarily left the club rather than demask. Bouncers are on the lookout for cameras at a strip club -- to protect the dancers and the married men, you know, fairly serious protocol ... or so they tell me . Ehr. Not that I am expert in this sort of arcana, just so you know. Anyhoo , I'm not laying down any charges here, I don't want a lawsuit, couldn't handle the lawsuit, really, but isn't this an odd coincidence ? And was a highly contagious Christian at risk of spreading contagion to the urlLink ecdysiasts ? When did he know he had chicken pox, that is front and center, people, in chickenpoxgate. For shame, if he knew and thought the grim, jowly image of Tricky Dick would provide ju-ju capable of conquering the contagion! According to the urlLink Indiana University Health Center Online : "Chicken pox is contagious through direct contact with the fluid in the blisters and by airborne droplets that are inhaled. Incubation period is 7-21 days. A person is contagious from 1-2 days before the rash appears and until all the lesions form crusts." Do the strippers at Stringfellows even have health insurance? And what of urlLink Slater's "English Rose "? Will she soon be developing urlLink rose-petal shaped lesions ? I'm just asking. Someone's got to, you know.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In: The Romantic Lives of Presidential (and Presidential Candidates') Children. Yes, yes, yes, we are curious about Jenna and Barbara and Chris and, of course, we have more than a passing fancy in the choices Those Fabulous Kerry Sisters make , who, urlLink according to Page Six , are too hot to handle, having moved on from The Affleck -- yesterday's news, over to bigger game, namely, John Cusack, urlLink the man who won't talk to The Post : "Both of presidential nominee John Kerry's daughters, Alexandra , 30, and Vanessa , 27, seem to have the hots for urlLink John Cusack . After Alexandra was seen sharing cigarettes and some kisses with the actor on a bench outside 15 Beacon in Boston, a jealous Vanessa came out and tried to steal him away. A staffer at the restaurant told urlLink PAGE SIX that the blond Vanessa tried to sit between her sister and Cusack and was rebuffed, so she sat on the other side of Cusack and chatted with them for a few minutes. Meanwhile, the reason the party was so packed was that both sisters insisted that 35 guests not on the list be let in." Why are these girls so free with their kisses and why arent I on the receiving end? Or urlLink http://www.whatevs.org . Why don't bloggers get respect? According to urlLink Rush and Molloy , Vanessa, just a couple of days ago, was seen kissing up on The Affleck, not once, but twice (The Corsair crosses himself and fashions a scarlet letter ) , and, mirabile dictu, "he didn't resist." Oh, John Cusack, resist ... resist! My guess if that this is all an elaborate plot to sabotage the insurgent urlLink Cusack for President campaign with incriminating photos. Out : Nic Cage Weds Sushi Waitress . urlLink MSNBC reports : "Oscar-winning actor urlLink Nicolas Cage has married for the third time . The 'Leaving Las Vegas' star wed 20-year-old Alice Kim on Friday at a private ceremony on a ranch in Northern California, publicist Annett Wolf told The Associated Press. "It is the third wedding for urlLink Cage, 40 , who split with his urlLink previous wife Lisa Marie Presley after less than four months in 2002 (Ed Note: Nic almost -- impetuously, like the Aquarius that he is -- urlLink remarried her ). Before that, he was married for six years to actress Patricia Arquette . "Kim, a former sushi waitress, met Cage when the actor visited the Los Angeles restaurant where she worked. This is her first marriage." Hmmm . Three wives; not a solid track record. Odds are he will be urlLink Gone in 60 Days , back on the road. We hope he gets back to his edgier indie fare. And his urlLink comic book collection . In : Kelly Ripa is becoming quite the household Hampton's name, of late. The perky milf is gaining mindshare in the tony Hamptons, according to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , people are talking: "First off, and what is sure to be talked about for weeks, is the seventh-annual Super Saturday hosted by Donna Karan , Kelly Ripa , and In Style?s Charla Lawhon , taking place at Nova?s Ark Project in Water Mill. Expected fashion industry guests include Karan herself, Vogue?s Virginia Smith , Perry Ellis? Patrick Robinson , Coach?s Reed Krakoff , Lulu Guinness , Vera Wang , Aerin Lauder , and Stefani Greenfield ." Then there's that urlLink juicy New York Post item : "The crowd at urlLink Russell Simmons' Rush Philanthropic Arts Foundation benefit began ignoring the main fund-raising portion of the evening on Saturday by either talking loudly or refusing to bid. "'Everybody shut up a little bit and reach into your pockets deep. That's why we're here, to raise some money,' said live auctioneer urlLink Chevy Chase upon starting. "But the chatter went on and the offers continued to flatline and Chase grew increasingly irate. Finally, a fed-up Simmons grabbed one of the microphones onstage, looked into the eyes of the well-heeled crowd and delivered a stinging message: "'The basis of your life is what you give ? and life gives to the givers and takes from the takers,' he said. 'All of those who have success and can't share are not really rich.' "Then, waddaya know, the next round of bidding for a 2.5-carat Hello Kitty diamond pendant ? designed by Russell's wife, Kimora Lee ? became fierce. The opening bid of $5,000 quickly zipped to $20,000 with the pendant finally secured by urlLink Mark Consuelos , the husband of host urlLink Kelly Ripa . "'Oh, you are going to be rewarded tonight,' Ripa told her hubby." The Corsair , quite frankly, wonders when Ripa has time urlLink to breathe , to urlLink digest food , or even to in between urlLink Reeg , urlLink the kids , the husband, urlLink Hope and Faith , the urlLink Jimmy Choos , and now, a budding career as urlLink a Hampton's socialite and party host . We like Ripa, who is as ambitious as she is overwhelmingly cute. Out : Nick Carter , lunkhead, ex boy bander. Paris Hilton has launched a major -- if covert -- little PR war against Nick Carter , according to the Post's urlLink Paula Froelich : "A bruised and battered Paris Hilton is telling pals ex-boyfriend Nick Carter hit her, leaving the ugly marks on her face and arms. "In photos, Hilton has an obviously swollen lip and bruises up and down both arms. "She has said the bruising came in Los Angeles Monday evening, after she and Carter joined pal urlLink Amanda Demme at the Argyle Hotel, where Demme throws a weekly party . "'They were dirty dancing together,' said one Argyle spy. 'They were very lovey-dovey, staring into each other's eyes. We all thought they were back together.' "But after Hilton and urlLink the ex-Backstreet Boy left the Argyle to party at another club, Joseph's, the mood turned sour. "'Nick wanted to leave, Paris didn't,' said a Hilton pal, adding, 'Nick forced Paris to leave, he made her get in a cab with him.' "Hilton alleges to friends Carter later lost his temper. "Friends say Hilton is 'scared to death.' "The pal added: 'He has major anger-management issues . . . We have seen bruises on her before and asked her about them. She has always denied it ? until now.'" In : Chris Heinz , the red hot bachelor and man-about-town, the new JFK, Jr . According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , he is slated to attend the Mercedes-Benz Polo Challenge, week 3, hosted by the Hilton family ( Paris , Darling Nikki , Kathy and Rick Hilton are hosting, pooling their collective well-knowness in an act of strength; we wouldn't suggest you take the opportunity to corner Paris and ask if indeed it is true urlLink that Nick Carter physically assaulted her during their stormy on-again, off again relationship). Of all urlLink the Heinz clan , Chris is the most out there, and, of course, the ladies take notice. Out : Mike Tyson. urlLink The AP sums it up nicely : "A comeback born out of financial desperation didn't go past the fourth round Friday night when an unheralded British heavyweight by the name of urlLink Danny Williams knocked Tyson out with a savagery that may have once and for all exposed Tyson as a shot fighter." Of course, Tyson, unlike Ali, likes to "party" while training. Anyhoo, it's time for Tyson to retire from boxing, and approach Viacom Executives about doing a BET Reality Series, called Like Mike, chronicling your life. And cut me in for a taste, as I came up with the idea. If you are into blood sports, urlLink this is the best analysis of how Tyson could get back in the game. In : urlLink African Americans generally don't stalk . If you haven't already, check out urlLink the link , as I've made some additions, and you know how funny a potential stalker situation can be. Out : I like Roger Friedman , he's a great gossip columnist, but he made a glaring mistake the other day that urlLink Fox News hasn't corrected when giving his report backstage at the Democratic Convention in Boston: "... One heart-stoppingly strange moment came when former Clinton secretary of state Janet Reno attempted to come down the stairs close to where the New York delegation was sitting, only to be met by the ascending Sean 'P. Diddy' Combs, who was wearing his 'Vote or Die' T-shirt, and seemed to be interviewing people for MTV. "'He probably thought she was Will Ferrell in drag,' one onlooker quipped." Reno was, of course, the Attorney General of the United States, Madeline Albright was at State. In : urlLink Stereogum on John Water's new homage to Baltimore, "head injuries and sex-addicts in blue-collar Baltimore." I never thought Selma Blair could ever be so ... busty. urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink urlLink

 Entourages Are the New Black urlLink The Lil Kim perjury trial involving her entourage was postponed this week until February, which was bad news for entourages in general, but there are several other mitigating factors that ought to be taken into account when rendering a final verdict on the social merits of that significant cultural artifact, the entourage. The Corsair puts on his culturall anthropologist hat, then tips it to the side, at urlLink a 45 degree-angle , giving it a little " urlLink Fosse ," a little urlLink Kevin Federline flavor, if you will. Frankly, The Corsair believes that even the urlLink exquisitely witty Thorstein Veblen , the patron saint of snarky bloggers, would agree that it is indeed a good time in general to be a celebrity tag along. Why, the excess pussy runoff alone (okay, that does sound kind of gross) makes this a noteworthy career option that "merit un detour." For one, urlLink HBO renewed Entourage for a second season, validating urlLink their existence . Second, to be sure, entourages were all over the DNC convention in Boston, like ugly on Congressman urlLink Tom Delay . Diddy's alone filled 4 golf carts. The Affleck's peeps were on DefCon 3, separating the wheat from the chaff. Chris Heinz's were busy fending off young women determined to sperate him from his trust fund. But the most symbolic of symbols: Kerry's " urlLink Band of Brothers " -- Can anyone say "entourage"? -- was in full effect, ending the Convention, providing the most glorious of photo ops; yes, the entourage is no longer relegated to the music and movie industry: the entourage has infected our body politic. P Diddy's entourage, it has been said, urlLink rivals Christ's . Although his people are far from saintly, truth be told, and they are probably not as loyal as that charismatic Jesus', just ask urlLink Joyce Wadler of the NY Times , who took an elbow to the chops from an unruly yes-man. But they tend to have a Spaniel-like fidelity to the one who pays the bills, and, as urlLink The Old Gray Lady says , where the star goes, so does their entourage, and, depending on the drawing power of the star, executives may have to rearrange plans: " Ocean MacAdams , vice president for news for MTV ... was trying to secure Thursday floor passes for P. Diddy's entourage. Mr. MacAdams admitted that he had offered two concert tickets in exchange for floor passes but was turned down. " Here's what urlLink I wrote about entourages way back in December: "Entourages are the new black. There a must get, they suggest that people want to be around you, fodder over you, protect you, because you are rich and famous and, it logically follows, fabulously interesting. You don't have to say it's all about me when you have an entourage around you -- it is simply taken for granted . "An entourage implies money -- how else would one be able to keep beefy bodyguards in the Cristal and swordfish and 'the sticky ickey'; how else could one clothe, bejewel and perfume a gaggle of models, pay the cellphone bills of a murder of publicists and 'guys from around the way'? "The ultimate in entourage chic, as here demonstrated by urlLink (Charlize) Theron (2nd Item), is the fact that one's entourage grows, evolves , as the night progresses, into an unwieldy mass. You meet people and people want to meet you. People change, as 'social philosopher' urlLink Ritchie Rich once observed to me at a Pseudo.com show taping: so why can't one's entourage reflect the social evolution that a hipster makes during the course of one boozy evening? Apparently a member of Theron's entourage -- who just kind of got absorbed into her gang during the course of an evening, kicked Brazilian paparazzo Laura Giannoni in the leg at Viscaya Lounge in New York. "Theron, that hipster, probably doesn't even know who was in the entourage that evening, the urlLink Page Sixers wrote:'Giannoni filed a police report at the 13th Precinct. 'They took pictures of my face, but I can't press charges against the guy because I don't know who he is . . . I am distressed, depressed and tired.'" "Forget the me generation, true believers, where's the cachet in that? It's the entourage generation, baby, who loves you? (Points to The Corsair entourage) they do." I couldn't agree more, six months later; except bloggers don't have entourages, we have cyberstalkers. But we're drinking milk.

 Ben Affleck Watch According to urlLink The Boston Globe , or, as they call it there there, "the Bahrston Globe," (okay, bot my best stuff, but that's what you get for expecting me to be funny on Friday, procrastinating, with work deadlines looming like Michael Jackson at a puppet show) The Affleck, The Globe tells us, has special dietary needs: " Chef Gabriel Frasca prepared a special dinner for Affleck: rosemary chicken with seasonal roasted vegetables prepared without oil, because Affleck is trying to be healthy, he told the staff." And, no, Ben Affleck did not say to Frasca, "Now go get me some Cambodian Breast Milk." That simply did not happen, no matter what Matt Drudge says. God bless The Globe , which, quite frankly, rocked with it's Convention and party coverage. They really deserve some Pulitzers thrown their way. According to urlLink the AP (2nd story), The Affleck attended the damp urlLink Chili Peppers concert sponsored by The Creative Coalition and the Recording Industry Association of America, but " ... Ben Affleck made a heavily escorted escape after the concert was done." And urlLink BoiFromTroy, filling in for Wonkette , who is doing th MTV Choose or Lose gig, posted this item on urlLink The Affleck, Leo and P Diddy . No doubt "world domination" was mentioned, as is wont to happen when two Scorpios (Diddy and Leo) and a Leo (Affleck), sit around hatching plans. Finally, urlLink Reliable Sources notes, "(at )GQ magazine's impossibly crowded party for San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ... Fire marshals repeatedly threatened to shut down the party, thrown in a restaurant that held only 240, while rained-upon mortals -- assured they were on the guest list -- waited grousing outside as the likes of Arianna Huffington were swept inside. Seems hoi polloi had to be patient until the boldfacers within (including political offspring Kristin and Karenna Gore , Cate Edwards and Andrew Cuomo ) exited and made space. 'I'm terribly, horribly sorry,' a PR rep kept apologizing, 'but a lot of people in there want to talk to Ben Affleck.'" Damned cheek! One doesn't simply call him Ben (Averted gaze) . That's "The Affleck," to you, sirrah, or it will be drawn ancient pistols at noon! And that, urlLink ladies and gentlemen of the jury , is The Week That Was Affleck.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : urlLink Elizabeth Jagger , according to urlLink British Vogue , which says: "ELIZABETH JAGGER was spied this week popping into her local Waterstones to pick up a copy of the bright pink and, much to her apparent embarrassment, therefore difficult to disguise book urlLink The Intimate History Of The Orgasm . Lucky old Sean Lennon ." Looks like she inherited more than just urlLink the lips , no? Out : urlLink Damon Dash . Can he hang? Doubtful (Averted gaze ) . According to urlLink the 3AM Girls , Dash can't score the digits, even with an entourage of man-mountains to give his cred. urlLink This is the saddest story that I have ever heard : "Our spy in West End nightspot Aura reveals: 'Damon was in the VIP area with his huge entourage when he spotted a girl he really fancied. "'He sent one of his flunkies over to approach her on his behalf. He duly obeyed and told the girl that Damon requested the pleasure of her company. She seemed to think it was quite amusing. She looked over at Damon and giggled before politely turning him down.' "'(The lady's date had) been at the bar buying drinks but had seen what was going on. It's fair to say he was the possessive type,' our on-site mole discloses. "He went over to one of Damon's man-mountains and started kicking off, saying: 'Don't you f***ing come near my girl.' Club security had to intervene to stop the situation escalating." Like I said : Dash. Can't. Hang. Mixed : Katie Couric . We can't yet tell if she's in or out these days because there were conflicting reports of the elvin Today Show host at the Convention. According to urlLink The Boston Globe , Katie got a little nook-nook: "NBC morning gal Katie Couric and Red Sox chairman Tom Werner had lunch at Via Matta and were spied yesterday holding hands as they walked to the Public Garden." Which is cute and all, but then, according to the excellent urlLink Rush and Molloy , the pendulum swung: "Katie Couric has made extreme sacrifices for the sake of her craft, but this week at the convention marked a new low: Security officers confiscated the hairspray from her stylist's bag. Never fear - we're sure Couric's perkiness will prevail." The verdict? Mixed. In : Estates in New Jersey . New Jersey is the new black; no, wait, I already said entourages were, so, like, Estates in Jersey are the new, uhm, urlLink Mini Motorcycle , yeah, that's it. urlLink P Diddy just bought one . According to urlLink Newsday : "Hip-hop star and entrepreneur Sean 'P. Diddy' Combs has purchased a 21-room Bergen County mansion for more than $10 million. Combs bought the 17,000-square-foot home in Alpine from financier Mark Arzoomanian . The brick colonial home is set on 3.5 acres with a gated, tree-lined driveway that winds to a circular courtyard. urlLink "The home has three bedroom suites with sitting rooms, five additional bedrooms with private baths and a six-car garage. It also has an outdoor pool with a waterfall and separate spa; a movie theater; tennis, racquetball and basketball courts; a wine cellar, and a 700-gallon aquarium." That's still less than half the size of the 35,000 square foot Saddle River, New Jersey mansion of Russell Simmons . Not that we're counting, or anything: I'm just sayin'. urlLink New Jersey has a lot to be proud of : Bon Jovi , Whitney , Undrinkable Post Apocalyptic Water , Mike Tyson ... uhm, scratch urlLink Tyson , because .... he's ... Out : urlLink Mike Tyson . After tearing through $40 million, he's back, he's broke, and here's what he urlLink has to say for himself : "'I cannot dwell on the past. Most of my past was not euphoric,' said Tyson during a Wednesday press conference. 'The future seems so much brighter than the past. The layoff between fights has not been fun. I have been miserable with myself. My professional life is going great now, though my personal life stinks (laughing). I do not have anyone. I am alone.' The Corsair plays urlLink "All by Myself" by Eric Carr on a boombox, and holds it aloft urlLink like Lloyd Dobler in "Say Anything ." "'I am very appreciative of the response and reception I have received from Louisville. It is a little embarrassing and humbling,' added Tyson, who claims to be in financial trouble. 'I have trained hard. I did not train for a short fight. I am ready.'" In: urlLink Alessandra Ambrosio . According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily : "Members of the press and passersby alike were in no need of caffeine yesterday morning, thanks to a jolt provided by the scantily-clad Victorias Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio. Donning little more than a white miniskirt and fitted tank top with the word 'Pink' written across the front, the model strutted from a white H2 Hummer in sky-high pink stilettos to introduce the companys new collection of lingerie and sleepwear." Out : The Gina Lee Swollen Tape, urlLink according to Lindsayism , "Just a tip - when the guy says 'I'm gonna make MILLIONS' it's probably time to destroy the tape." Or the girl, Lindsay; somewhere out there, most probably in Southeast Asia, making the rounds, is an incriminating, athletic Corsair smut tape made while he attended a private liberal arts college in Vermont. They're just waiting for me to become famous so they can release it, to bring a brother down.

 Christian Slater, Unmasked! Who can blame that fabled celebrity connoisseur of urlLink ecdysiasts , Christian Slater, for wearing a mask when he dropped in for a spot of Ale at his favorite London strip club, Stringfellows . Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name. That Christian Slater wears a mask is significant, psychologically revealing, really; as actors tend to have urlLink a nebulous sense of self -- who else would choose a urlLink vocation involving constant protean change , oftentimes three or more serious character studies a year, all this and to live in a land, namely: Tinseltown, filled to the brim with plastic personas who have "people" who will call your "people" about "doing lunch"? ( The Corsair does an airkiss, followed by an averted gaze, exaggerated cough, and feigned detatchment) A mask is also useful because, well, Slater's wife has a penchant for urlLink kicking his ass when she gets upset when the red-blooded actor strays from his marriage vow. But his choice of masks is almost urlLink Freudian . According to urlLink the 3AM Girls : "Just hours before our spies caught him urlLink canoodling with a mystery blonde in London's Nobu, the Hollywood hunk was kicked out of his favourite lap-dancing club, Stringfellows, for refusing to take off his ... mask. "Bizarrely, we're told the 34-year-old True Romance star was disguised as, ahem, dead US president Richard Nixon." "A club source tells us: 'Christian has been to urlLink Stringfellows many times and has always been one of our favourite customers. "'He's not keen on being photographed going in or out but he has never resorted to fancy dress before.'" The Corsair sips casually from his urlLink icy pimp goblet , displaying a three quarter profile, shadowed in such a way as to suggest intrigue, by the venetian blinds across the room. "When the actor, who's currently in rehearsals for a stage production of urlLink One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest , pitched up wearing the rubber mask last Saturday, he was quizzed by puzzled doormen. "'He told them he'd been in a few days before and had been spotted when he left. "'He managed to convince staff that it was him so, as he's such a good customer, they let him in.' But Christian's 'eccentric' behaviour continued inside ..." Did Slater inadvertently channel the corrupt ex-President, thus drawing bad "ju-ju"? "'It all got a bit strange because he continued to wear the mask,' says our mole. "'It was a bit disconcerting for the girls to be dancing for someone who looked like a weirdo. So one of the promoters politely asked him to remove the mask.' But father-of-two Christian was adamant that it was staying on. "He just wouldn't take it off, so the decision was taken to ask him to leave. "'Christian was pretty good about it - he didn't kick up a fuss and left straight away - and still the mask remained on.' " ... Stringfellow's flamboyant owner Peter Stringfellow yesterday confirmed to us: 'Yes, Christian was asked to leave the club because he wouldn't take off his Nixon mask.'" Why do we think that tonight Stringfellows will be filled to the brim with men wearing Nixon masks looking for lapdances? Comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog

 Quentin, Michael Madsen, Syringes, Lots of Ass From a rather disturbing interview with Michael Madsen in urlLink Independent Film Quarterly , Issue 7. This throws some light -- of the scarlet variety, frankly -- on the scene in Hollywood, on those who want fame, what they are willing to do for some immortality, and the gatekeepers who dispense with that immortality as they please. Funny and sad all at the same time: IFQ : Can you talk about the wild times with (Quentin) Tarantino on the set (of Kill Bill: Volume II)? Michael Madsen : I don't know if we had wild times. We had good times. Quentin likes to laugh a lot. He's a great laugh. Like the night we did the syringe shot in the butt. I'd never seen so many volunteers in my whole life! Every single woman on that set wanted to be the inserted ass. They were lined up and one by one they'd lay down and I'd shoot them in the ass. (It's for the scene where Michael's character shoots Uma's character in the butt before he buries her alive in a coffin) Quentin was like, 'Let me do it. I want to do it!' Now he's putting the syringe in the butt shot. We must have done 20 different women for the butt shot! Everybody wanted to do it. I think that's Quentin's hand in the movie because I had done about six of them, and I was like, I'm going to my trailer. He spent the rest of the night out there injecting! Next. Next. Next. This side. That looks good. He got that from me because the first time we did the scene, I slapped her on the butt, and then I gave her the shot."

 The Lovely Bones (Ed Note : This post is inspired by a dream I had last night. ) Call me&nbsp; urlLink Geronimo ,&nbsp;most famous of all&nbsp;Apache medicine men, but that is a name the Mexican soldiers gave to me; originally I was called Goyathlay , or, One Who Yawns. Perhaps they say I yawned because I never slept-- raiding military settlements and neighboring tribes with wild abandon and impunity, after Spanish troops killed my wife, my mother and three young children. Such is the Apache way. As the American Empire expanded west, stealing the lands of the Native tribes, I led the Apache's to fight for our land as the government pushed us into Hells Forty Acres, or what the Americans called the San Carlos Reservation in eastern Arizona. We exercised the option to flee and fight, raiding settlements and causing Uncle Sam much consternation. During the late 19th century, it is said that one quarter of the American Army tried to locate my secret base in the Sierra Madre mountains.&nbsp; Once captured by the honorable General George Crook, I thought that I had honored my ancestors, and my bones would indeed find rest&nbsp;after a life of battle well fought for my Apache bretheren. Alas that was not to be. Ultimately, after fighting the good fight, urlLink I died of pneumonia on February 17, 1909. That should have been the end of things. That should have been the end of things. But it wasn't. urlLink Prescott Bush , father of the first President Bush and the grandfather of the current President, stole my urlLink bones , just as the American government took away from me freedom in the final years of my life. This is a crime, this captivity of my bones, which has led me to urlLink roam unburied , unable to enter the happy hunting ground. urlLink Prescott Bush stole my bones from Fort Sill, Oklahoma, for the pleasure of his secret society urlLink Skull and Bones . urlLink I wish to be buried in the Triplet Mountains, but the frat boys at Skull and Bones, the gatekeepers of power, will not let me, an old Apache chief, achieve his final reward. They dug up my body in 1918. My body is at the Skull and Bones Museum. The Skull and Bones Society admitted that it held my remains as early as 1986. The palefaces hold my remains in a glass cage. The Skull and Bones Society log book records the 1918 grave robbery. According to the Skull and Bones log book entry, Prescott Bush, grandfather of George W. Bush, and five other officers at Fort Sill, Okla., urlLink desecrated my grave . I ask the current President Bush (S&B, '68) or even John Kerry (S&amp;B, '66) or even the first president Bush (S&B, '48) to atone for the sins of your grandfather. Please give my bones back to the Apache people, so that I can be buried on Apache land. I was born on the prairies where the wind blew free and there was nothing to&nbsp;obstruct the light of our common father, the sun. I was born where there were no enclosures. And now I am urlLink trapped in these stone walls . Let this part of our history be closed.

 &nbsp; urlLink The Page Sixers &nbsp;report: " Target (pronounced Tar-JAY)...&nbsp; is now selling red Kabbalah strings like the ones Madonna , Demi Moore and Britney Spears wear for $25.99. Listed as a 'hot buy' on Target's Web site, the string is 'believed to protect against the evil eye.' Each is guaranteed to have 'traveled to Israel, to the ancient tomb of Rachel the Matriarch, and returned imbued with the essence of protection.'" Comment here or on the urlLink VH1 Best Blog Ever Buyer Beware: The red string did not keep urlLink Kimora out of the big house .

 A Little of the Old In and Out &nbsp; In: Tina Brown. According to urlLink The Boston Globe &nbsp;(link via urlLink Gawker ), Tina ( urlLink Lady Evans , if you're nasty) has&nbsp;conquered urlLink that fabled, gilded&nbsp;city : "Calling Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton 'extraordinary,' CNBC's Tina Brown , former editor of Vanity Fair , Talk , and The New Yorker magazines, hosted a lunch in her honor at Radius yesterday that proved to be one of the most popular gatherings of the week. Clinton covered several topics in her remarks including urlLink national security , saying the public cannot yet be assured that 'We've done all we can do' to protect against terrorism. And on the Bush administration's posture toward funding local police and fire departments: 'What they're giving with one hand, they're taking away with the other.' Spotted at the lunch were urlLink Larry David of 'Curb Your Enthusiasm'; urlLink Kevin Bacon and wife urlLink Kyra Sedgwick ; former US senator and Democratic presidential candidate Carol Moseley-Braun ; the chief executive of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Sharon Patrick ; deposed California governor Gray Davis ; filmmaker Michael Moore ; NBC chairman Bob Wright ; and George McGovern , the former presidential candidate who can at least claim Massachusetts voted for him in 1972." Ladies and gentlemen of the media , Tina Brown has got her groove back. Out : Ben Affleck . The Corsair is sick and tired of pulling the Ben Affleck Watch duty, but,&nbsp;I suppose, someone has to, as he is of passing interest. But aren't we all just a tad " Afflecked"(TM) ? I mean, urlLink The man is EVERYWHERE .&nbsp; According to the urlLink Times Recorder , "Ben Affleck will be with Sen. John Kerry and urlLink Sen. John Edwards when they stop in Zanesville for a rally Saturday night." And yesterday, urlLink The Hollywood Reporter reported that, " Rebecca Romijn-Stamos is in talks to co-star with Ben Affleck in urlLink Man About Town . "&nbsp; Affleck, Affleck, blah-blah-blah . Even Affleck&nbsp;appears to be as sick of his own ubiquity as everyone else, telling the always excellent urlLink Rush and Molloy at GQ editor Jim Nelson's party Tuesday night at Boston's Federalist restaurant ( The Corsair comes up for air), "'It's too much ... Who wants that? If I saw me, I would turn the other way. I'm trying to diminish it so that someone might actually be interested in dating me." Oh, look, readers, there he is,&nbsp;at the Fleet Arena, getting kissed by&nbsp;that "Nordic milkman's daughter, with her flaxen hair," Vanessa Kerry, apparently, &nbsp;kissed him "twice in a box at the convention Monday night and 'he didn't resist,' a witness tells ( urlLink Rush and Molloy )." We might have offered some faint resistance, Affleck, if only as a show of virtue. But the Nordic milkman's daughter takes , plundering booty like it was urlLink The Dark Ages . Affleck booty, to be sure, but booty nonetheless. urlLink Christy Lemire of the San Diego Union Tribune sums up our feelings,&nbsp;somewhat confliucted,&nbsp;of being, essentially,&nbsp;A fflecked : "Here&nbsp;(Affleck) is making surprise breakfast visits to star-struck delegates from Arizona and Iowa, Missouri and his home state of Massachusetts. There he is joking with Boston Globe sports columnist and author Dan Shaughnessy on his way out the door of a 'Rock the Vote' party behind Fenway Park's fabled Green Monster. (And he was inside the park, too, watching his beloved Red Sox defeat the dreaded New York Yankees, 9-6, during a nationally televised game Sunday night.) "Then there are the interviews on CNN's 'Larry King Live,' NBC's 'Today' show and Fox News Channel's 'The O'Reilly Factor.' He's even playing the role of interviewer himself for ABC News, asking Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy questions about Boston and his longtime friendship with Kerry. "But the star of the blockbusters 'Pearl Harbor' and 'Armageddon' and the bombs 'Gigli' and 'Jersey Girl' says he simply recognizes the power of his celebrity and wants to use it to help John Kerry get elected to the presidency. " In: Marlon Brando. In this week's urlLink Time Out New York , filmmaker Gordon Parks says: "Marlon was quite a character. I was in Hollywood going up to see him when on the radio they announced that Martin Luther King had been shot and killed. When I got to Marlon's, he was stretched out on the bed, Brando-style, and I told him that King had been killed. He said, 'King killed?!?' He called the Panther headquarters in California and told his maid to call his gunsmith and order 12 shotguns and 12 rifles and 10 pistols. But then he went back to bed and went to sleep, and so I told the maid not to order those guns. She said, 'I wasn't going to.'" According to urlLink Ananova , Jack Nicholson , who penned Brando's Obit in Rolling Stone , said of the Master: "'This man was a true sensation.' "(Nicholson) explains (in the Obit) how sneaking in to watch his idol on the set of Teahouse of the August Moon in 1956 was quite a problem. "'On that picture, the crew had these smocks and kimonos to identify them, so it took me a little work to sneak in there and watch him. "But nothing could have stopped me from watching Marlon Brando up close. Apparently Nicholson has little patience for the Brando weight-watching crowd: "... What Mr Brando does for a living ain't done by the pound." You can say that again. Out : Clint Eastwood . Brother can't hang, according to legendary "burlesque dancer" urlLink Cece Walker , in the pages of something called urlLink Bizarre Magazine . And it goes a little something like this: Cece : Clint Eastwood -- can you believe I left him? Bizarre : At least you can say you dumped Clint. Cece : My mother has never forgiven me .. we were together between 1966 and 1968, but he was suck a busy man and he wanted to make money. He kept saying, 'When I'm 70 years old I wanna be able to kick back and I wanna be able to direct and I wanna be able to do this and that ...' I was like, 'And in the meantime can you finish screwing me?' He'd be so tired. My ego couldn't stand it, I don't care who you are, if someone's falling asleep when I'm on top, riding them like a cowboy ... that's not right." Thanks for sharing , ceece, really. On the subject of who are the best burlesque dancers right now, the outspoken Cece said, "For me, Dita Von Teese and Catherine D'Lish are probably the closest you'll get to the real thing." Another interesting Clint Eastwood factoid: When he was dating actress urlLink Sandra Locke &nbsp;(2nd from left), he had her call him "Daddy."&nbsp; Ewwww.&nbsp; In :&nbsp; Lads, the book, by&nbsp;&nbsp;Dave Itzkoff. According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily : "Move over Toby Young : a new media memoirist is set to debut in September with a scathing book that?s sure to embarrass some major players&nbsp;almost as much as Young did Graydon Carter. 'Lads,' by Spin magazine editor, Dave Itzkoff , is sub-headed 'A Memoir of Manhood' and is a recounting of Itzkoff?s days toiling at Details and Maxim . While former Details editor, Mark Golin and Maxim?s Mike Soutar don?t get very flattering portrayals, it?s former Maxim staffers Keith Blanchard , who went on to edit Rolling Stone , and James Kaminsky , who went on to head up Playboy , that come out looking&nbsp;the worst. There's also the requisite&nbsp;gratuitous slap at tabloid queen Bonnie Fuller , with whom Itzkoff?whose nickname is 'Bitchkoff'?once interviewed at Glamour .&nbsp;&nbsp;'Her&nbsp;&nbsp;(manhood) was bigger than mine,'&nbsp;the lad notes. The book?s being published by Villard." Damn, another week, another suckerpunch to the liver delivered with lovingkindness from the media to Canada's gift to the US, Bonnie Fuller. Pow! Out : urlLink Claudia Schiffer . According to urlLink British Vogue : "ONLY the best for Claudia Schiffer . The German supermodel, who is expecting her second child in November, pays&nbsp;($218) every two weeks to have her&nbsp;($127,000) Range Rover thoroughly cleaned, inside and out. The Evening Standard revealed last night that Schiffer, who is thought to be worth in the region of&nbsp;($72 million), pays Lellers Car Valet Service twice monthly to steam-clean the engine, treat the windows to 'restore optical quality', clean and soften the interior leather upholstery with a glycerine-based cleaner, vacuum and shampoo carpets and upholstery, repair scratches to the paintwork and remove tar, buff chrome fixtures, paint the tires black and use an air freshener." The Corsair would&nbsp;gladly "buff"&nbsp;Claudia's "fixtures" for free. In : According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , " urlLink Charlotte Ronson is to begin designing a C. Ronson for Rocawear men?s line."&nbsp; We are so there. Big fan. Out : If you thought Bill Cosby's musings on the state of African Americans was inappropriate, or, at least, ventured forth in the wrong forum, wait till you get a load of where the discussion has continued. Ready? Hold on to your keyboards, true believers: That significant cultural artifact, urlLink The National Enquirer , has taken up the cultural debate with high solemnity: "'I think Bill Cosby is saying something he perfectly believes,' Niger Innis , national spokesman for the Congress of Racial Equality, told The ENQUIRER. 'These are legitimate critiques and criticisms that I'm sure he's experienced from examining black culture. "'I don't consider his remarks racially insensitive at all.'"&nbsp; I kid you not, The National Enquirer has taken on this cultural debate. I repeat: This is not a&nbsp; urlLink Fellini&nbsp;film . This is real life. No fooling. In :&nbsp;According to urlLink Hello! Magazine , another royal is now legal, so, gentlemen, break out the urlLink Chateau D'yquem &nbsp;( The Corsair loves him his D'Yquem): "Monaco's newest glamour girl, Charlotte Casiraghi , is set to ring in her 18th birthday in style this weekend with three days of lavish celebrations in Monte Carlo. "Festivities kick off on Friday with a private party organised by Charlotte herself at the Stars 'N' Bars restaurant ... overlooking the Port de Monaco. Her closest pals, including best friend Valentine Pozzo di Borgo and equestrian trainer Thierry Rozier , are expected to attend. "On Saturday, Charlotte's brothers, Andrea and Pierre, have reportedly planned a beachside brunch for the young beauty to continue the celebrations. But it is the night's spectacular gala which is the centrepiece of the weekend. The birthday soiree will be held at Prince Rainier 's urlLink La Vigie , one of the most prestigious villas on the Riviera. The historic 40-room mansion, famed for its panoramic views of the sea, was apparently handpicked by Charlotte's mum, Princess Caroline , for the occasion. "Sunday will see the whirlwind weekend wind down, with a private Grimaldi family breakfast at the royal palace. And August 6, three days after her 18th birthday, Charlotte will make her official society debut at the traditional Red Cross Ball." Out : Renee Zellwegger in her High School Year Book Picture . urlLink Stereogum &nbsp;notes that&nbsp;although urlLink Zellwegger is a hottie now &nbsp;(link via stereogum via urlLink the Sun ),&nbsp;she was not a hottie urlLink back then . In : urlLink Sailing .&nbsp;Takes me away. La-la-la-la. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;

 Piper Versus Snuka: I Thought That Looked Real &nbsp; From urlLink In the Pit with Roddy Piper, by Roddy Piper : "I remember one time when we were in urlLink Allentown, Pennsylvania , and urlLink Chief Jay Strongbow was in to tape a segment with me. I always looked forward to working with the Chief. He was a very smart man who was always full of great ideas when it came to our business ... on this particular day he asked me if I had ever picked up a coconut and knew how heavy they were. When I told him no, he went on to tell me that he thought it would make a great prop on (Piper's Pit). As soon as he said this, another wrestler, urlLink Jimmy "SuperFly" Snuka , came to mind. I always used to get on Jimmy's case about being Polynesian ... while that sounds rather heavy and personal, I knew what I could get away with when it came to Snuka. That was the "craft" of the interview. When I mentioned this to Chief Jay, without question, he told me that I should hit the Polynesian guy on the head with the coconut. I forgot about it until about an hour later, when the Chief had someone go to the supermarket and buy some bananas and coconuts. The Chief was really hell-bent on seeing me doing some noggin knocking on Snuka that day. So, with fruit in hand, Strongbow came to find me so we could talk about what should happen on the segment. "As we were talking I picked up one of the coconuts and realized just how heavy it really was. I thought to myself, 'Wow, this could really hurt,' but then I also realized how great the interview could be if I whopped him on the head with this hard piece of tropical fruit. "About half an hour later Jimmy came out onto 'Piper's Pit.' Whenever he was on he didn't have to say anything, he just had to look at you with his eerie stare to make good TV. SuperFly was one of those very scary individuals who didn't have to utter a word to be intimidating. I remember starting the interview, but I wasn't doing such a great job because all I was doing was thinking about how heavy and hard this fucking coconut really was and that I had to hit him with all my might so that it would break on his head. "Well, here came the moment of truth, and I hit Jimmy Snuka as hard as I could, and urlLink that coconut burst like a bomb ! The instant it hit I heard Jimmy give a moan that came from the depths of his soul, and he started falling back and tried to take the set with him. I'm not positive, but I am pretty sure he was unconscious upon impact. When he was on the ground, I started whipping him with the belt that went around my kilt. When he came to he crawled on his hands and knees and then he finally got up. The Polynesian grappler immediately went bananas and came after me, but I slipped into the locker room, shut the door, and locked it. On TV all you saw Jimmy doing was hitting this big industrial door, then they took him away and escorted him to the other dressing room. I was told that Jimmy just stared at the floor for about ten minutes and didn't move. They say to this day that Jimmy Snuka feels the repercussions of that coconut hit." &nbsp;

 The Zeta Jones Stalker African-Americans generally don't stalk. It's not what we do. Too much planning involved. We are a spontaneous, improvisational people, taking life as it comes along, and having to stalk an ex-lover or a star is just too goddam complicated . We like Prince, but I'll be damned if I'm going to follow them around the country. We can't be bothered. We're easy like Sunday morning. So, imagine my surprise to learn that Catherine Zeta Jones' stalker, one Dawnette Knight, threatened the Welsh Academy-Award winning actress, claiming she would "'slice her up like meat on a bone." Gee, does that mean that Catherine is urlLink the gristle ? Ahem . Sorry. Bad taste. Stalking is no laughing matter, especially when a crazy person is threatening to make Welsh rabbit out of one of our national treasures. And, before she gets all urlLink Julia Child with the ginsu , just why -- I ask -- is Zeta Jones worthy of such ire? urlLink David K Li of the NY Post gets to the, uhm, marrow of it: "Testifying in a preliminary hearing against Dawnette Knight , whom police said mailed violent death threats, Zeta-Jones remained composed even when instructed by the prosecutor to read the letters into the record. "'We will kill Catherine Zeta-Jones soon!' read one letter, dated Feb. 11, that Zeta-Jones recited. "The 35-year-old Welsh actress likened the letters to terrorism." But how can she be a terrorist when she's not even urlLink the bomb ? (drum roll) "'This has affected my whole family, my 87-year- old father-in-law, my children, my nannies, my staff,' she said. 'It will affect me for the rest of my life.'" As usual, Mrs. Zeta is playing The Contessa, a role to which she is distinctly ill suited to play, despite the Oscar on her mantle. The fucking nannies -- plural ?! What the fuck, Zeta, what-the- fuck . If you will remember, true believer, urlLink Zeta made the preposterous claim that urlLink Hello! Magazine caused "stress, loss of income and damage to their professional careers because of the poor quality wedding photos." In typical Hollywood-surreal fashion, with roccoco excess, the Douglases sued for $3.6 million. And won . Livin' la Vida Loca. "(Zeta Jones) read parts of all 22 letters. The note to (Barbara) Walters was the most graphic: "'When we finish with this bitch/whore, she will not be this pretty face actress. You won't be able to recognize her in her cassket! [sic]'" Well, whatever one can say about Dawnette, she is an inventive speller, no? And in the end, isn't it all about how imaginatively you played this game of Life? .... no? No, I suppose not. And what's up with sending a letter to Babs Walters ? Like what is Barbara Walters going to do about it, do a View segment on pretty faced actresses who marry up socially? I mean isn't that urlLink the thrice married Barbara Walter's modus operandi to a tee? She invented that game, honey (1st Husband: Robert Henry Katz , business executive; marriage annulled; 2nd Husband: Lee Guber , theatrical producer; married December 8, 1963; divorced 1976; 3rd Husband: Merv Adelson , CEO of Lorimar Television; married 1986; divorced 1992) Barbara Walters is O.G. in that game. "Another letter was disguised as a simulated funeral program. "'The bitch never did a good deed,' it said. 'Thanks for nothing, you Welsh bitch . . . urlLink whore gold-digger .'" (link via urlLink TMFTML ) Aww . Why'd she have to bring up the Welsh? Don't be that way, Dawnette. Welsh is good people. "Another letter added, 'She will be dead before she'll be able to blink an eye. Michael can finally be happy with his kids when the bitch is dead.'" Inside, outside ... livin' la vida loca .... "One letter, dated Oct. 2, 2003, mailed to Kirk Douglas, read: "'You need to let Catherine know that if she hurts Michael, I will hire people to kill her whore ass. If she loves life, [tell her to] treat Mike right.'" Livin La vida loca ...

 Kimora Mugshot &nbsp; The brilliant KillTheBird Blog has the Kimora mugshot urlLink right here . Ask and ye shall receive. Thanks, Evil from Kill the Bird. urlLink

 Kimora, Interrupted &nbsp; On the footsteps of the most recent high profile cases&nbsp;involving the&nbsp;Belgian beauty urlLink Ingrid Parewijk busted at JFK with&nbsp; --ahem -- " urlLink Bolivian Marching urlLink Powder ", urlLink Rush and Molloy inform us now, mirabile dictu,&nbsp;that our favorite whipping post-- that would be Kimora Lee Simmons , urlLink that fly bitch &nbsp;-- was arrested for possession of -- how does one put&nbsp;this gently so as not to offend? -- she was arrested for possession of " the stickey ickey ": "Kimora, the fashion powerhouse whose gorgeous nude form can be seen on a Times Square billboard for her Baby Phat line, was handcuffed and booked Sunday night by cops in Saddle River, N.J., where the couple lives." Well, she is sort of built like a brick house .&nbsp; Her ickey must be the stickiest, considering that she's worth untold millions, no? &nbsp; The Corsair grabs some unsalted popcorn and his&nbsp; urlLink icy pimp goblet and moves closer to the screen, contemplating Kimora's nude form, dry heaving, then mouthing the words, solemnly, as if to some ancient God, "It's on ...".&nbsp; "According to Saddle River Police Lt. Robert Breese , she was charged with eluding a police officer, possessing marijuana (under 50 grams), careless driving, operating a vehicle while possessing a controlled substance, tail-gating and having a taillight out." The Corsair could have told you that&nbsp;Kimora's lights are out, he could have demonstrated it mathematically&nbsp;for you free of charge on a flow chart&nbsp;with a PowerPoint presentation.&nbsp; The Corsair &nbsp;has chronicled Her Dimness for quite some time now, and is rather an expert on the subject. As to her "tail," The Corsair&nbsp; would rather not touch on matters concerning her booty.&nbsp; "The 29-year-old trendsetter, who was fingerprinted and posed for a mug shot, 'made no attempt to stop' when officers demanded she pull over, Breese said. 'They arrived in front of her residence, where she was finally confronted.' " Oh dear&nbsp;sweet Lord , could someone email me that mug shot and those fingerprints at urlLink papermag@yahoo.com .&nbsp; "Russell Simmons said, 'My wife is an excellent driver, and she's not guilty of any crime. You don't have to grab my wife and put handcuffs on her. Her wrists are all bruised up.' "The Def Jam founder, whose fortune has been estimated at over $1 billion, said: 'I may be the biggest taxpayer in Bergen County, but I'm not looking for anything special. I just want to be treated fairly.'" Translation : Next time, civil servant,&nbsp;make sure you use the "iciest" cuffs, with only the most ghetto fabulous sable lining on my precious, she who pays your (averted gaze) little salary. Let them eat vegetarian cakes and drink my power drink.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : The Mediterranean, baby . The jet set have always frequented the Mediterranean, but this year it appears to have extra-special cachet among the celebrity class. urlLink Yesterday's Page Six reported that Lionel Ritchie is in Sardinia, and: "THE St.-Tropez social season kicked into high gear on Saturday when Sean ("P. Diddy") Combs hosted an all-nighter at Pappagallo. His guests included Denzel and Pauletta Washington (who have chartered urlLink Greg Norman's yacht, Aussie Rules), Ivana Trump and Rossano Rubicondi (she owns a small villa in the Riviera resort), P.M.'s Unik , and Food Network star Sandra Lee , who graced the cover of last week's TV Guide. Staying with Combs aboard his own chartered yacht are Lee and her husband, L.A. builder Bruce Karatz ; billionaire supermarket mogul Ron Burkle , Bill Clinton's buddy who is said to be an investor in the Sean John clothing company; and Combs' sons, Justin and Christian; and Christian's mother Kim Porter ." And, according to urlLink Hello! Magazine : "In June,&nbsp;( Tom Hanks )&nbsp;and his actress wife Rita Wilson stopped by the tiny Greek isle of Antiparo population 800 located about 240 miles southeast of Athens, and reachable only by ferry or private boat. The pair, who cruised into the harbour of the Aegean Sea hideaway on a luxury yacht, joins a growing roster of celebrities, including Madonna and Angelina Jolie , who have visited the Greek islands on their own getaways. "And summer isn't over yet. More recently Tom and Rita took to the high seas again, cruising the Turkish coastline on board an opulent yacht, the four-masted, $250,000-a-week charter Phocea. "The Mediterranean country is growing in popularity among the jet-set, with Uma Thurman and her hotel tycoon beau, Andrea Balazs, recently taking a romantic break in the charming port town of Bodrum." Out : Kentucky born Johnny Depp crashed his brand new Mercedes in the&nbsp;electric gates of his home in Plan de La Tour on the Cote DAzur, urlLink according to the Sun : "He knocked the gates electric motor straight off the wall and left an almighty dent in the back of the car. Judging by the look on his face he got quite a fright. Once he got out of the Merc he started cursing himself for being so stupid." Very 21 Jump Street, that . Comment here on on the urlLink VH1 Best Week Ever Blog . &nbsp; In: Teresa Heinz-Kerry. Sure, she used some verbal kung fu to turn around the fact that she is actually an eccentric, thereby&nbsp;turning it&nbsp;into a feminist issue, quite groovy, really,&nbsp;but, to change the subject: urlLink is Teresa Heinz-Kerry Edina Monsoon ? (link via urlLink Wonkette ). urlLink Ben Affleck , on the other hand, urlLink is all over DC , and thinks Teresa is sweel, he tells the urlLink Boston Globe , "'You're not going to get platitudes,' he said, 'and you're not going to get a Stepford wife.'" &nbsp; Out: urlLink Pierce Brosnan . It wasn't a very good week for the urlLink Remington Steele , now, was it? According to that significant cultural artifact, The Star , urlLink his son was admitted to rehab . On the heels of that bad news, urlLink James Bond is a distant memory . And, to cap off your own irrelevance, urlLink Orlando Bloom is set to play a "younger," "sexier" James Bond. To borrow from Nancy Reagan's response to urlLink George Bush the Elder's&nbsp;inaugural Address , The Corsair bets Remington is asking himself, "younger and sexier than whom ." Not a good week. In : urlLink Alexandra Richards , according to fashionweekdaily: "Alexandra Richards, daughter of Rolling Stone Keith Richards and Patti Hansen is now the face of Versus for fall/winter 2004. Richards, who turns 18 today, most recently starred as the face of Guerlains Shalimar fragrance, along with her mother, Hansen, and sister, Theodora. 'Shes just a smart, dedicated, and focused individual,' said Ivan Bart, a vice president and Richards representative at the models division of IMG (which also owns The Daily), 'And shes got a star quality to her.' " urlLink Steven Meisel photographed Richards for the Italian line geared towards a younger fashion crowd producing a total of six images for the global campaign, which will debut in select September books around the world. In this particular Bill Mullen -styled image, Richards accompanied by models Dovile , Christoffer Fagerli , and Boyd wears a viscose jersey ruched front turtleneck dress. 'Were excited to represent Alexandra and the Versace house apparently saw the same thing we did that shes painfully beautiful,' Bart added. " Out: Me . How embarrassed am I right about now ? I got into this deep, convoluted argument about the nature of art (bad idea to do on a blog) and the differences between the Ancient and the Modern style of painting, with whom I believed to be Interview Magazine's editor Ingrid Sischy at urlLink TMFTML , and -- of course -- it wasn't.&nbsp;God, urlLink I'm so embarrassed .

 Christian Slater's "English Rose" &nbsp; I don't know what's more sleazy, the fact that urlLink Christian Slater publicly cheats on a jealous and volatile "spitfire" wife, urlLink Ryan Haddon , or the fact that he calls his mistress&nbsp;an "English Rose." Yuck! That's like a demotion from being called "a hot tomato" by a low grade piece of ass like Geraldo Rivera. Anyhoo : urlLink The 3AM Girls blow up Slater's spot, big time: "HE'S a familiar face in London's lapdancing clubs, but it seems Hollywood heartthrob Christian Slater is also partial to a lady who keeps her clothes on. "The True Romance star, who last week was seen sheepishly exiting Stringfellows at 3am, spent Sunday evening wooing a young blonde. "The 34-year-old father-of-two, who is in rehearsals for the West End play One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest, was all over the mystery babe he'd invited to dinner at posh restaurant Nobu. "Our informant reveals, 'Christian and a friend arrived at around 8.45pm. "'As soon as they sat down the conversation turned to the young lady Christian was expecting to join them. His friend said, I can't believe you like this girl . And Christian replied, She's a total English rose and she really turns me on ." The Corsair sips from his icy pimp goblet, making a disenchated face at the "English rose" remark.&nbsp; "'Every time he saw the restaurant doors open he looked up. He was quite jittery.' After 15 minutes of nervous clock-watching, his date arrived. "'She was dressed in a tight T-shirt and jeans,' adds our spy. 'She was stunning. Everyone in the restaurant turned to look at her when she swept in. Christian motioned for her to sit next to him and ordered more sake. Within seconds his hands were wandering." "'She was very well-spoken and was talking about castings and the theatre industry,' says our source. "'Christian was really turning on the charm, telling her she should meet some of his director friends and paying her endless cheesy compliments. He must have told her she was incredible and amazing at least a dozen times. "'He was sliding his hand up her thigh and stroking her back - to any onlooker it looked as though they were together." The Corsair munches unsalted popcorn, intrigued at urlLink what fools these mortals be . "... We can only hope Christian's wife of four years, urlLink Ryan Haddon , is in an understanding mood when she hears about his latest exploits. "The pair reportedly had a urlLink violent bust-up last year , which left Christian - who has battled booze and drugs - urlLink needing nine stitches to the head ." If gossip be the food of life, go on ...

 The Beasty Boys Mercilessly Tease Russell Simmons &nbsp; In the urlLink August 2004 Interview Magazine , the new "urban" Tom Cruise (whom, incidentally,&nbsp;we like) interviews Jada Pinkett-Smith , of all people, saying things like, oh, "that's my girl," and, "I don't know what a Virgo is, man." Very street , this new Tom; he's put aside his ego and showing us a more vulnerable Tom, which is cool. But, by far,&nbsp;the most interesting interview is the one between Russell Simmons and his old label mates, the Beasty Boys , who, arguably, made Def Jam, along with LL Cool J, back in the day. The interview in Interview begins&nbsp;with a friendly&nbsp;banter, mixed with a game of " urlLink the dozens ," circa 1984, but then, when Beasty Boy MCA strikes out at Russell's weak spot -- his vanity for clothing -- things get ... tender. Actually, things go horribly awry. The Beasties can't stop busting. Simmons has many, many vanities, but when you bust on his clothes, I've noticed, he turns into a real pussy boy . The conversation begins harmlessly, as Russell brings up his favorite material possession and favored status item, namely,&nbsp; kids : Russell Simmons : So how about the fact that urlLink we're all getting old? How many kids you got Adrock? Adrock : I don't have any kids. Mike D : I have kids. I got one that's 20 months old and another one on the way (both by his wife, director urlLink Tamra Davis ) Russell Simmons : Really? You aint even got a woman, though, do you MCA ? MCA : Why you gotta be like that, Russell? RS : I'm just saying, do you have one? MCA : Don't even start ... RS : I don't see y'all. I just want to know. MD : C'mon Russell, the man's a father. RS : Oh, he's got a kid! (laughs) So, how old is your kid, MCA? MCA : I have a daughter (with wife Dechan Dangdu ). She's gonna be 6. RS : Six. That's old enough to date. MCA : See, why you gotta be like that? RS : What? I aint gonna date your daughter. MCA : So, who made those clothes, Russell? (Simmons is wearing a bright pink shirt, pink pants, and a pink baseball cap) RS : You don't like my clothes? Does my shirt not match? MCA : It's scary how well they match. RS : Well, I got a pink seersucker suit, a pink silk suit, and a pink corduroy suit. MCA : You got a pink hummer? RS : Pink is a big color this season! Just like lavender will be next year. For Phat Farm, we have projections about&nbsp; what the next big color will be, and sometimes we add our own. Adrock : You have heat seekers who hang out at 7 Eleven and tell you what the kids are up to? MCA : Here's an inside tip: the people on the street are talking about beige&nbsp; The Corsair softly chuckles, then sips Cutty Sark&nbsp;from his pimp goblet, whispering to himself, "It's on like Gray Poupon." Russell quickly changes the subject, but, like a pit bull, Adrock goes right after Simmons' weak spot -- clothes, with a grim tenacity, and the rest of the Beasties gang pile on. RS : You're a practicing Buddhist, Adam -- do you meditate ( MCA nods yes) What about you Adrock? What are you? Adrock : I'm a New Yorker, Russell. So, we don't get any free Phat Farm clothes? RS : Y'all don't want no clothes man. Y'all wear smallboy shit. (points to Mike D) look at his shoes. Maybe we make some sneakers that you would wear. Adrock : Yeah, I'm hip with the kids. MD : Why don't you get us some suits? Adam (Adrock) wants his in pink, though. RS : Pink is over. (The phone rings. Simmons picks up) Speakerphone : Russell, you need to wrap it up. The kids are here. RS : The kids are here! Tell the kids to come in right now. MCA : What kids? RS : From Junior Achievement. Adrock : I wish we had those suits. We could have worn them. The corsair is three-fifths sure that Russell's happiness at the arrival of the Junior Achievement kids has more to do with their saving his clothes line Phat Farm from further humiliation at the hands of the merciless Beasty Boys than anything else. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;

 Adrien Brody: "I would love to brag, but I can't incriminate myself" That crazy jet set: too much money, too much ennui. From the urlLink &nbsp; August 2004 Details : "A few weeks before (this interview), in a brief period where ( Adrien Brody ) was not under contract (after filming The Jacket with Kiera Knightley and before starting King Kong with Naomi Watts ), he took part in what he calls a major, major, major mission -- urlLink the Gumball 3000 , an annual six-day road rally, which this year ran from urlLink Paris to Madrid to Marbella to Casablanca to Barcelona to Cannes . "The field of 330 entrants included 60 Ferrari's; nine members of the Saudi Royal family; the skateboarder Tony Hawk ; a Citroen 2CV painted like the urlLink General Lee ; a contingent from the Asian equivalent of Jackass, driving a Winnebago equipped with a Jacuzzi filled with Cup O Noodle soup; and a London Taxi whose meter recorded ($16,553) fare by the finish line. Officially the Gumball 3000 is not a race, but the King of urlLink Morocco , who entered participants at his palace when the rally arrived on his shores, graciously announced that during their stay he urlLink would suspend all speed limits . The aftereffects of such unusual driving license were felt the next day, when Spanish policia enforced the law of their land by levying more than 50,000 euros in fines and tickets. " urlLink Brody started the Gumball poorly , getting lost in urlLink his loaner Porsche 911 turbo and arrived in Madrid 14 and a half hours behind everyone else. But on the last day, he left Barcelona in the middle of the night to avoid the Spanish authorities and crossed the finish line five hours before anyone else, a circumstance that caused uninitiated journalists to report that he had won the race. "'Technically it's not a race,' Brody says, 'but people do drive fast." I ask if people go, I don't know, 120. 'Oh, people exceed that,' he says, 'way over that. Hell, yeah.' My tape recorder registers a long silence. 'I would love to brag, but I can't incriminate myself." &nbsp;

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : A Positive Democratic Convention . As always, urlLink Dick Morris has some wise thoughts on the Democrat convention (and, quite possibly, urlLink some acute positions for the hookers in Boston): "The enraged left has to see this weeks gathering in Boston as its opportunity to respond to Bushs pre-emotion of the national stage in the wake of Sept. 11. At last, its paranoid suspicions and reasonable doubts alike can be aired before a national prime-time audience. No longer confined to venues like Michael Moore movies, Democratic orators can give their version of recent history and attack what they see as the seminal mistakes of the Bush response to terror. "So the impetus for a negative convention will be strong and widely felt. Like water that has accumulated behind a dam, Bushs partisan opponents will want to lash out and bring the president down. "But this blood lust can only destroy Kerrys chances of making this convention the springboard he needs. Negatives dont work at conventions. The most negative in recent memory was the 1992 Republican conclave where urlLink speaker after speaker thrashed both Clintons usually aiming at the wrong one and failed to produce any gain for their candidate as he sought re-election." Out : Poor Dennis "The Kooce" Kucinich . The Corsair hears that the Kerry Camp offered nothing for his delegates, not even a return trip to Mars, where, ostensibly The Kooce lives ( urlLink Department of Peace ? Get real, monkey waif-boy); urlLink the AP says : "Kucinich, who formally endorsed presumed nominee John Kerry last week, met with his roughly 64 delegates twice this week, with many saying they would still cast a vote for the four-term Ohio congressman at the roll call Wednesday night, according to an e-mail Tuesday from his campaign. "'I'm releasing you to vote your consciences. You will be the ones making your own decision,' Kucinich said. " Later, Kucey. In : urlLink Open Water . When does&nbsp; urlLink this flick &nbsp;open? I've got the fever for the flavor of this&nbsp;film. Can someone in the film's PR department hook me up with some screening passes? Hook me up with a taste, baby pop. I am so fucking&nbsp;down to see this&nbsp;independent sleeper. urlLink AFlyonthewall breaks&nbsp;it down: " urlLink The flick has a simple but chilling concept: husband-and-wife scuba divers are accidentally stranded in shark-infested open water. And it's based on a true story. "The movie was made for something like $400,000, but it far outshines conventional Hollywood thrillers with $40 million budgets. (And, yes, it has real sharks.) The pic has played at several film festivals, including Sundance, to standing-room-only audiences. The film succeeds because of a fantastic, tightly crafted script, shrewd directing, and phenomenal performances by two relatively unknown actors. The female lead, urlLink Blanchard Ryan , is a particular standout. She has the intensity of Sigourney Weaver combined with the stunning looks of a young Michelle Pfeiffer. I can't wait to see more of her work. "Written and directed by urlLink Chris Kentis , the movie opens in limited release August 6 and goes wider on August 20."&nbsp; Out : Bonnie Fuller . According to urlLink WWD &nbsp;(link via urlLink Romenesko ): "Consider it the next step in Bonnie Fullers evolution from celebrity journalist to just plain celebrity. A Canadian television crew recently descended on American Medias Park Avenue offices to shoot a documentary about the love-her-or-loathe-her editor of Star. The show, which will air in late fall or early winter, is part of the CBC series 'Life and Times,' which profiles prominent Canadians, including past subjects Wayne Gretzky , Joni Mitchell and former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien . Renowned as Fuller may be in Manhattan media circles, one has to wonder: Does the average Canadian have any idea who she is? " Ah, to be mentioned in the same breath as Jean Chrtien ; that, as Canadian superstar Graydon Carter might say, leaving a trail of Winston Light smoke in his wake, is so very urlLink First Room . But somewhere in Manitoba -- and you know this to be true, true believer&nbsp;-- a big boned&nbsp;employee at a local fishery is kissing his well-worn Bonnie Fuller poster full on the lips,&nbsp;before leaving&nbsp;for a long, hard&nbsp;day of processing halibut. In : Late in Life Circumcisions. Seriously folks, I like to eat fruit salad, creme and granola&nbsp;for breakfast in the summer. It is cool, it is light, it is filled with vitamins; as the kids say: it's all good . But as I was reading this story in urlLink Page Six , I was dry heaving cantelope. Violently: "MORE on Marlon Brando's circumcision at age 60, which we reported on last week. 'It's 100 percent true,' a reader e-mailed us. 'My mother worked in surgery at St. John's Hospital at the time and was there for it.' St. John's in Santa Monica was the hospital to the stars for decades until it was eclipsed by Cedars Sinai. 'My mother worked there for 40 years, and boy, did she have some scary stories to tell about the terrible acne scars on Richard Burton's back!!' As for Brando? Our correspondent denies the star converted to Judaism it is inconceivable he could have learned Hebrew since he had so much trouble remembering his lines in English. Our tipster divulges: 'It seems the surgery was necessary for medical reasons an infected gunky mess.'" I still have that woozy feeling&nbsp;like my legs might buckle under me at any moment, and I am&nbsp;at the mercy of&nbsp;careening waves of urlLink &nbsp;Sartrean nausea . Out : Marc Jacobs! Why that saucy little bigot! According to urlLink British Vogue , you won't believe what he said: "SEEMS that a political calling is the latest must-have for the most cutting edge designers. Last week Sean Combs launched his Citizen Change campaign and, this week, Marc Jacobs has filled his Bleecker Street Marc boutique window with urlLink knickers &nbsp;..." urlLink Knickers ?! What the fuck?! This is 2004 , people, there is no need to be racist!&nbsp; You can't put black people in your window. We are not for sale! They continue: "'We work in a creative industry, and we're being creative about it. There is sign language on some of the pieces and actually a lot of people came in to say thank you.' urlLink Knickers are selling for $15, while Ts are $25 and sweatshirt hoodies are $35.&nbsp;" What the fuck?! $15!!&nbsp;&nbsp; Altogether people: we shall overcome ... &nbsp; In: My old urlLink Paper Magazine pal urlLink Carlo McCormick , easily one of the most interesting long haired New York writer-characters, has his ear to the street (Carlo's definitive essay on the subject of urlLink scratchitti in BlackBook several years ago deserved, I thought,&nbsp;an instant&nbsp;MacArthur Genius Grant), does the profile on that phantom urban menace, urlLink NeckFace : "On the streets of Manhattan and Brooklyn, urlLink NeckFace throws up fast and gets away quickly, like a hit and run shadow. But the New Image show has allowed him to branch out betond lightening fast tagging. 'I have more time to do it in the gallery now,' NeckFace explains. 'It's crazy stuff like I've never seen before. You've seen what I can do on the streets; just imagine what I can do with time on my hands.'" Ed Note : Stereogum &nbsp;has been charting the slow and steady&nbsp;rise of another urban blight/phantom menace ... urlLink Bob Saget has a posse . &nbsp; Out : urlLink Linda Stassi got slipped a Mickey Finn . I've always been for hidden overhead cameras in bars and lounges. It sucks that our privacy has got to be compromised, the 'getting of our freak on' may be hampered by recording devices, but there are just too many fucking assholes putting drugs into people's drinks in New York after hours. Too many. And no one is getting caught. If the Villard Bar in the Helmsley Palace Hotel had had a camera, the creep who drugged Linda Stassi would be behind bars, getting punked out by a large convict at Rikers, instead of out on the&nbsp;prowl&nbsp; urlLink mickey finning &nbsp;other women, perhaps even as I write this. Says Linda: "I don't remember going to the emergency room, but I do remember being hooked up to the IV and then passing out. They said my alcohol level was low but that I had all the classic symptoms of a drugging or poisoning. "I'm still having horrible nightmares. I missed too much work in the first few weeks after the drugging, and when I did show up, I had to leave early. The dizziness kept recurring. And the headaches. "That mickey I was slipped stole a month of my life, and I'm not happy. I'm told that I'm lucky the perp didn't steal more. Like my bag. Like my clothes. Like my life. I'd be happy just to get the month back." In : urlLink Fashionweekdaily chronicles the opening of The Village, where boldfaces Tina Fey frolickled with the likes of Regis Philbin , Sigorney Weaver &nbsp;and Simon Rex in, of all places, Prospect Park: " Adrien Brody and director film director M. Night Shyamalan wore Ermenegildo Zenga to the premiere of 'The Village' last night in Prospect Park, Brooklyn. The film is a chilling tale of a remote village confronting the stupefying truth that lies just outside its borders. Night, who is known for his distinctive artistry as well as for bucking mainstream Hollywood, selected a look from the not-yet-available spring 2005 Z Zegna collection, ensuring an independent look for the evening. He arrived on the red carpet wearing a black jacquard slim-fitting suit with a crisp, white open collar shirt from new and fashion-forward Z Zegna. Brody also appeared in Zegna in a prcis black suit and gray button-down, choosing to top off his look with a red silk tie ? a nod to Night?s use of the color in his film as the symbol of evil.&nbsp; In fact, the outdoor premiere scrapped the traditional (and evil) red carpet in favor of a yellow one. 'The Village' was recreated in the park while people dined and had cocktails under the moonlight. The film was shown in&nbsp; the 'forest' portion of the Prospect Park lawn, which lent itself well to the film?s eerie mood." Out : Does Everyone Love Raymond ? Apparently not, as that significant cultural artifact The urlLink National Enquirer &nbsp;says: "Ray Romano's holdout for a huge raise is behind the recent firing of two popular "CSI" stars, charges an insider. " urlLink George Eads and Jorja Fox (Ed Note: Eads was rehired; claimed he "overslept" the contract deadline; yeah ... riiight ) poked the CBS eye too hard when they tried Romano's stunt of squeezing the network for a fat raise shortly before the new season -- but the execs had decided not to tolerate a rerun of Romano's game plan." "'CBS was furious last year when Romano held out for more money before agreeing to another season,' revealed an insider. "'By the time Ray came to an agreement for his ninth and final season, he was making nearly $2 million per episode.'" " urlLink The network moved swiftly to stop its other performers from holding out for more money before their contracts were up, disclosed the insider." In : The urlLink always excellent Michael Musto gives us the scoop on Cameron Diaz: "As you know, CAMERON DIAZ wasn't happy with the Us Weekly cover on JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE's bad behavior and gave them a follow-up interview, which the mag cleverly fashioned into a dis of the British press. But I hear Cameron actually told an Us editor, 'You're going to get cancer writing this way about Justin.' That's not even originalROSIE O'DONNELL, anyone?but at least it's gritty and rock-and-roll. It's who she is!" Editors Note : I've&nbsp;really got to apologize to USA Today for attacking them for not running Ann Coulter's piece yesterday.&nbsp;They were right. Here's some of&nbsp;her "convention reporting": "Here at the Spawn of Satan convention in Boston, conservatives are deploying a series of covert signals to identify one another, much like gay men do. My allies are the ones wearing crosses or American flags. The people sporting shirts emblazoned with the 'F-word' are my opponents. Also, as always, the pretty girls and cops are on my side, most of them barely able to conceal their eye-rolling." I was trying to be fair, arguing for&nbsp;equal time, but Ann&nbsp;Coulter really doesn't&nbsp;deserve it. She actually passed the Bar? &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;

 Teresa Heinz-Kerry: What the Fuck?! &nbsp; From this week's Time Magazine: Teresa : When I was in Switzerland in college, my budget was $250 a month for everything, and I managed fine. TIME : What did you have to do without? Teresa : For instance, one day a week I would not eat protein because I needed to buy a flower in the middle of winter. I would have to buy a rose or something that would take me to the outdoors. What the urlLink f@ck ?!

 Ed Note: Defamer readers: The&nbsp;Christina Applegate and Ben Affleck story is right urlLink here Ann (Coulter) in the Can; (Michael) Moore on the Floor &nbsp; urlLink Drudgereport.com leaves us to contemplate today the positively&nbsp; hideous twin images of, "MOORE ON THE FLOOR, BUT ANN IN THE CAN," with all the caps out and the freak flag flying at full mast. ( The Corsair shivers in horror) Let the record state, however,&nbsp;true believers, that The Corsair has neither interest in Coulter's&nbsp;"can," (averted gaze) nor "Moore on the floor," (exaggerated cough, feigned detatchment) to be quite frank. It's just all so hideous, people : "... Leftwing controversialist and Bush hater Michael Moore has free reign on the floor of the Dem convention hall -- and has been hired to write for USA TODAY at the Republican convention! 'Coulter has been hired for Boston, Moore has been hired for NY,' a USA TODAY source explained, unaware of the fallout with Coulter in Boston. You've got to love Drudge, even if he appears, on his site,&nbsp;to be&nbsp;in a constant state of anxiety and exasperation, with all those all caps invective flying. Now,&nbsp;Drudgie Poo&nbsp;takes the time out to defend his equally exasperated pal, Ann Coulter: "USA Today editors have spiked a daily convention column they commissioned from conservative controversialist Ann Coulter, the DRUDGE REPORT has learned. Coulter filed her first report from Boston Sunday night, only to be told hours later that editors found it 'unusable' and 'not funny.' "'Apparently no one at USA TODAY had ever read Ann Coulter before!' Coulter, who has sold nearly a million copies of her various works and his written a syndicated column for five years, said from Boston." Drudge&nbsp;has a point : play fair USA Today people, equal time for all: If Moore is covering the Republicans, then you should allow Coulter to&nbsp;do the&nbsp;same for&nbsp;the Democrats, with, of course, the caveat that the opinions of&nbsp;neither not reflect the usual cheesy cookie-cutter editorial opinion of your national "paper." Update : The column may, ultimately, urlLink be published (link via urlLink Romenesko ).

 Ed Note: Defamer readers: The&nbsp;Christina Applegate and Ben Affleck story is right urlLink here &nbsp; Offer Nader the Attorney General Position &nbsp; The Corsair would like to offer this free advice to The Democratic Party, now meeting in Boston, solemnly,&nbsp;to coalesce its scattered forces for the final November War: Offer Ralph Nader the Attorney General position . You know that this urlLink crotchety old man &nbsp;covets this position, mouth watering, eyes agog with lust. He savors this tasty little morsel; one can almost imagine Nader praying lyrically to dark ancient gods --&nbsp;intoning softly, rhythmically, intensely -- all this after being named the Attorney General of the United States, targeting multinationals at will. urlLink Nader has spent his entire life -- from his graduation from Harvard Law School to the authorship of urlLink Unsafe at Any Speed , to his creation of the "Nader's Raiders," to the endless Public Interest Research Groups (PIRG's) -- all this after a position of leverage in The Law. Nader translates his monastic&nbsp;disdain of romantic love into the single purpose of corporate scrutiny. All of these inventions, all of this groping around in the ethical gray areas of the mechanisms of American capitalism, all this in the search of an urlLink Archimedian point on which to stand&nbsp;and remake the world into his image, a world where corporations are as hard on themselves as the conscientious Lord Ralph is, perhaps,&nbsp;on himself. That, true believr, at least urlLink in theory . Nader is a threat to urlLink John Kerry , to be sure.&nbsp;He is a spoiler twice, a gadfly from the far flung left, and a harvester of radical youth discontent with roughly three percent of the electorate in his thrall. Nader is in the red-bronze twilight of a somewhat useful&nbsp;career as a consumer advocate. He knows this is his last hurrah, his last chance to the dance, and, secretly, I believe, he was tickled in a perverse way by his role as a spoiler in 2000. Nader was tickled, I believe, as an obscene poster in a chat room might be, or a graffiti artist having at a virginal, clean wall might be (uhm, or so I hear ...) For the first time in his lonely and bitter struggle against Tha Man, the CEO's, the Masters of the Universe, he made a difference, he was a blip &nbsp;on the national radar, rather than some slightly unsavory B-Lister on the Georgetown social set. He was not irrelevant . History would remember him, if only as an asterisk. Ivy League political science theses would herald him as a legitimate force. At the beginning of the 21st century, it should be noted, urlLink Attorney generals -- like urban mayors in the mid 90s, in the wake of Federalism&nbsp;-- are the new black . Eliot Spitzer has made the position hugely relevant. The CEO, as a sociological curiosity,&nbsp;is getting close scrutiny; they are no longer viewed as untouchable, invincible. Business journalism is all the rage. Public outcry is against the excesses of business -- think: Martha, Kenny Lay, and all the rest. An Attorney General of any state can make a difference -- how much greater the Attorney General of the United States? How could Nader refuse&nbsp;this opportunity&nbsp;-- if presented reverently by, say, Howard Dean -- to be useful to the consumer on such a massive scale.&nbsp;Nader's psychology demands this validation. His ego, properly massaged, would allow him to step down gracefully, giving an extra convention bounce. As pollster Mark Mellman writes in urlLink The Hill : "Going into the 1992 Democratic convention, Bill Clinton was running third and Ross Perot was in second place, garnering 30 percent of the vote. During the convention, Perot dropped out, temporarily increasing Clintons margin by 28 points. Clintons gain had less to do with the convention and lots to do with Perot" So, what's the worst that could happen? The cantankerous Nader has as much a chance of surviving a Senate confirmation hearing for the AG position as Howard Stern has of getting inducted into the National Organization of Women. But if you won't&nbsp;say anything&nbsp;neither will I. &nbsp;

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : LA.com's blog . Let's break for a second to consider Hollywood and not Washington for a second (And, incidentally, of Tinseltown, mirabile dictu, urlLink Fashionweekdaily reports: "Soho House is scouting spots for their L.A. outpost and calling in the opinions of fashion insiders to see if they should actually make the move out west," which means, of course, that leaky air conditioners can now leak on you on urlLink both coasts ). Anyhoo : The urlLink LA.com blog gives us this deliciously nasty blind item: "Dolly wonders how long that fresh, funky movie star will get away free and clear before someone busts her Winona-style for her light-fingered ways. All her friends know that she has such a mania for keeping her sensitive skin looking great that she seeks out the best spas and salons for facials and treatments wherever she goes. But though she makes plenty of moolah, she just loves to snake expensive skin care products when the busy facialists and salon owners aren?t looking. Recently at a Santa Monica spa, she got caught red-handed with a bagful of pricey product and, being famed for her skill at improv, she quickly spun a tale to the beautician about how she only put the goodies in the bag so that she could remember exactly which items had been used on her so she could buy them before checking out. They didn?t buy it any more than we do, but they let her slip that one time. " Out : Bonnie Fuller . Can she get more out after the public&nbsp;excoriation by Vanity Fair ? Possibly. But she has the cunning of urlLink Machiavelli with regard to damage control in the wake of Star Magazine's tough gossip, and the fostering of future goodwill among those A-Listers. According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily's Daily Spy : "It looks like Bonnie Fuller has found a novel way to ensure she has at least a friend or two in Hollywood, in her continual efforts to win over celebrity flacks despite the damaging stories Star magazine does on their clients.&nbsp; Fuller has&nbsp;apparently hired top PR firm PMK /HBH, which reps everyone from Jennifer Aniston to Gwyneth Paltrow , to handle PR for next month's Star-sponsored premiere of 'Growing Up Gotti,' A&E?s new reality show vehicle for Star writer and mob daughter Victoria Gotti&nbsp;. Considering the often antagonistic relationship between PMK/HBH and Fuller?Gwyneth Paltrow once referred to her as 'the devil' and Paltrow?s rep Stephen Huvane seems to support that view?it's surprising that the company took the job at all. 'It must be costing Bonnie?or should we say David Pecker?a bundle,' says one insider." In : Terry McAuliffe . Despite the fact that, in many ways,&nbsp;the Clinton loyalist&nbsp;is DNC Chair urlLink in name only , todays&nbsp; urlLink Washington Post hails him, thusly: "(McAuliffe) forced a controversial change in the primary campaign schedule and pressed state chairmen to give up exclusive control of their voter lists. He also invested millions in a new headquarters, and gambled that the party could mount a challenge to the GOP's three decades of dominating fundraising. "Every one of these high-risk tactics paid off. The schedule change gave Kerry time to raise more than $200 million; the DNC now has a voter list with information on more than 170 million people, which allows the party to develop its own direct-mail donor list. The new headquarters, in turn, is wired to run an operation increasingly dependent on the Internet and the facilities to produce all forms of telecommunications and traditional media." But don't expect Terry to cut impromptu checks, true believer, according to a urlLink June 4th Page Six item , "No checks are written until ( urlLink general election chairman of the DNC John) Sasso signs off. No decisions are made until Sasso says so," said one Democrat. "Terry McAuliffe was told to take it, or take a hike. And he's taking it."&nbsp;&nbsp; And Teresa's shoving it .... Out : &nbsp; Teresa Heinz Kerry, Liability? Teresa is, by all accounts, a bright, sexy&nbsp;and sophisticated woman of 65.&nbsp;Teresa speaks five languages, and, those who know her say,&nbsp;she speaks&nbsp;all of them with a charming sass.&nbsp; The Corsair &nbsp;is not averse to a&nbsp;saucy woman of the Heinz variety (no pun intended). But&nbsp;Heinz-Kerry is an eccentric billionaire, used to speaking her mind, on anything, and -- we won't say urlLink we told you so -- she is having&nbsp;difficulties sticking to the Kerry-Edwards script, staying, as it were,&nbsp;on point, urlLink according to the Washington Post : "Teresa Heinz Kerry urged home-state delegates to the Democratic National Convention to restore a more civil tone to politics, then minutes later told a journalist to 'shove it.' "'We need to turn back some of the creeping, un-Pennsylvanian and sometimes un-American traits that are coming into some of our politics,' the wife of Democratic candidate Sen. John F. Kerry (Mass.) told fellow Pennsylvanians on Sunday night at a Massachusetts Statehouse reception. "Minutes later, Colin McNickle , editorial page editor of the conservative Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, questioned her on what she meant by the term 'un-American,' according to a tape of the encounter recorded by Pittsburgh station WTAE-TV. "Heinz Kerry said, 'I didn't say that' several times to McNickle. She turned to confer with Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell and others. "When she faced McNickle again a short time later, he continued to question her, and she replied, 'You said something I didn't say. Now shove it.'" And, of course, this will be discussed hotly in Teresa's home state (and, ironically, the important swing state) Pennsylvania.&nbsp; &nbsp; In: Tina Brown's Painful to Watch Larry Flynt Interview. Not that Tina Brown is a prude or anything, but how uncomfortable did it seem when Tina, " urlLink Lady Evans " (2nd item) if you're nasty, &nbsp;interviewed urlLink porcine pornographer Larry Flynt , the man with the pink jet, &nbsp;a man not known for elegant and sophisticated discussion. urlLink Gawker's Henry the Intern &nbsp;captures the tone: "Tina then cornered pornographer Larry Flynt for publishing photos of Jackie Onassis naked. 'I would publish photographs of Queen Elizabeth,' he said. 'You're not selling sex in those photographs, you're selling the icon status of the individuals involved.' Good thing Tina interrupted him from nearly equating the rise of religion and increased porn sales to Bush and Kerry voters, respectively, but she couldn't stop him from describing 70 naked women: 'their pubes were all gone. . . they think men want to see these big, [implanted] watermelons.' Flynt said he doesn't know the current version of Courtney Love . 'The book is provocative,' closed Tina. 'And so are you.'" Thanks for sharing, Larry. Like school on Saturday, &nbsp;Mr. Flynt has -- altogether now, gang, " no class "! Out : urlLink Former Governor John Rowlands . &nbsp; ( The Corsair's favorite urlLink political punching bag ) . urlLink According to Page Six , Rowlands is going from the State House to the Big House: "JOHN Rowland ? who stepped down in disgrace as governor of Connecticut before the state legislature could impeach him ? will soon cop a plea to tax evasion, sources say. Rowland has been under investigation for months by the office of U.S. Attorney Kevin O'Connor , who has recused himself from working on the case personally because of his friendship with Rowland. The Republican has yet to be formally charged. 'A deal has been made,' said one insider. 'The feds originally insisted he do 11 months in jail, but have agreed to five.' When the five-month figure was run past another well-connected insider, the power-broker said, 'Even less.'" In : Public Restrooms at the Democrat Convention . So funny, from the urlLink AP (A pee-pee?): "Media members, already perturbed by long security lines, may find themselves waiting in line for something nearly as important. As the majority of the print reporters arrived Saturday at the FleetCenter for the Democratic National Convention, tongues clucked when they saw the restroom facilities that they will be using for the next week.&nbsp; "Twenty portable restrooms, like those used on construction sites, are lined up in front of the media pavilion to service nearly 1,200 members of the print media who will be working around the clock. That's about 60 serious coffee-drinkers per toilet. "'That's absurd,' said Jim Drinkard, a political reporter for USA Today, when he heard of the ratio of toilets per media member." All the news that's fit to ... &nbsp;

 Brandy Never Married? &nbsp; Today the always excellent urlLink Rush and Molloy (3rd item down) excavate the murky depths of formerly sqeaky-clean singer Brandy's life, and come up with a shocker: "R&B star Brandy is laying low now that the man she said was her husband is claiming they never were married." The Corsair's curiosity is piqued as he sips, slowly,&nbsp;from his urlLink "icy" pimp goblet . "Two years ago, Brandy and music producer Robert Smith went on Oprah urlLink to announce they'd secretly wed in 2001 . But Smith said on WBLS-FM last week that they'd made up the marriage story to protect Brandy's wholesome image, because she was pregnant with their daughter, Sy'rai, now 2. "Brandy, who has said they were ' urlLink divorced ' last year, doesn't deny Smith's tale, but she did say in a statement: 'I'm deeply hurt and shocked by the things that Robert has been saying. We had a spiritual union. "'He is not thinking about [Sy'rai], me or what we had together. He is trying to destroy my reputation, while using me and our daughter to get publicity and radio airplay for his artists. I am stunned that he is being so dirty about it.'" Fellow gossip archaeologists urlLink AZCentral.com also excavate and finds&nbsp;these chestnuts: "Smith was a guest on the 'Moment of Truth,' a feature of 'The Wendy Williams Experience,' broadcast weekdays from 3 to 5 p.m. on Power 99, WUSL-FM, when he dropped the bombshell that he and Brandy were never married. "... He said Brandy was his urlLink 'jump-off' chick and that he was still seeing another woman, who is now seven months pregnant. This other woman, a film producer, Smith says, will remain anonymous. "Smith told Williams it was Sonia Norwood , Brandy's mom/manager, who cooked up the idea to play house to protect Brandy's then-wholesome image. Brandy was pregnant with Smith's child, and it just wouldn't do for the young songstress to be an unwed mother, Smith says, so they simply pretended to be married. "He reportedly had Sy'rai with him at the station when he said all this, so we're guessing Brandy did not know he was going to discuss what he called the 'real version vs. the MTV version.' You must remember this: MTV did a huge splash on Brandy and Robert getting married and 'having their baby.'" Say it aint so, urlLink Mo .

 Congressman Alexander Switches Parties This dude, urlLink Rep. Rodney Alexander , is so devilishly calm, so sneaky , so silent as he did it, so interesting , that I am fascinated by what logistics went on behind the scenes that caused him to switch parties and take such a gamble at a time when, quite frankly, anything can happen and it usually does. In these partisan days, where all collegial comeraderie and sense of compromise has gone the Way of the Dodo, I'd thought I'd seen everything -- everything! -- and here comes Rodney Alexander, who schools me but good on Politicking 101 . I didn't even see this one coming, I don't think anyone did, not even the political junkies at TheHill.com, and certainly not the "plugged in" cats on urlLink CNN's Inside Politics , or urlLink Chris Matthews ' Hard Ball. Old Rod just gave us all a lesson in the political snooker, and how an unassuming Congressman can steal the weekend. Who knew he had game like that? He and Alan Keyes are the players of the week urlLink the AP reports : "In 48 hours, urlLink Rep. Rodney Alexander went from Democrat to Republican, friend to foe or foe to friend, depending on your political persuasion. "Democrats reacted to the news by calling the first-term congressman a turncoat and a coward. They must now gain another seat, 12 in all, to win back the House this fall. The count today: Democrats 205 , Republicans 229 . "A new ally, on the other hand, rang him up Friday to say congratulations. President Bush according to White House spokesman Scott McClellan , welcomed Alexander to the GOP and wished him well. "Alexander's about-face came about in two days, but had really been in the works for two years. After announcing his new affiliation Friday afternoon, Alexander said he had been struggling with his conservative votes for his entire term backing the Bush tax cuts as well as the war in Iraq and noted they had brought him criticism from Democrats. "'I just decided it would be best for me to switch parties, that I would be more effective in the 5th District in the state of Louisiana as a Republican,' he said. "In March, Alexander found himself under such intense pressure that he had to publicly announce he would remain a Democrat. Yet, he skipped last month's National Convention in Boston. "On Wednesday, Alexander registered at the start of qualifying for the 5th District race as a Democrat. Friday afternoon, the last day of qualifying for the Nov. 2 ballot, he made his switch, leaving Democrats no time to enter a strong candidate in the race." Damn, that's some urlLink Machiavelli-sneaky shit right there. That's urlLink downright Cajun . Especially considering Louisisana is a swing state, but will more likely go for Bush (if it doesn't, Alexander is royally fucked when payback comes) than Kerry and trends Republican. And, of course, you just know the Congressional Republicans have a cornucopia of campaign cash, PAC cash and special lucrative committee assignments for his district, "face time" with POTUS, and such booty as to boggle the imagination to bestow to this Prince. It was a shrewd move, and I'd counsel Democrats to avoid looking like punks and just move on, no use crying over spilt milk. Check, Karl Rove; checkmate ... to be determined at a later date.

 Who Is the Queen of The Blogosphere? Those Brits are always starting trouble, fucking always : first it was urlLink taxation without representation , then the lethally urlLink unfunny Benny Hill , which spawned a generation of molesters, and now ... urlLink this : a 3 page London Independent article on urlLink Stephanie Klein . Frankly, I like Stephanies blog, and I'm glad she's getting the international attention, and, by virtue of that, all of us bloggers trapped in this New York clusterfuck. Stephanie, if you don't frequent her blog, is the witty cutie who was once asked out by Chris "Mr. Big" Noth . The Independent took to calling her"Manhattan's weblog internet queen," which, in turn, you can imagine, set off some blogosphere controversy, the likes of which we haven't seen since the urlLink Krucoff vs. Lockhart Steele Wars . urlLink Felix at MemeFirst weighs in: "First: weblog internet queen? As opposed to, oh, weblog cuneiform tablet queen? More to the point, the entries are unreadable, even for someone who lives here: I can't imagine a UK reader caring about them in the slightest. "Still, the Independent does raise an interesting question: who is the weblog internet queen of Manhattan? Back in October, I urlLink announced that 'the true queen of the blogosphere' was urlLink Jen Chung ... Widening the competition to include the likes of urlLink Maccers and urlLink Eurotrash , who would you nominate?" urlLink The excellent Nichelle responded, justly, bringing up some names we are familiar with, and some new to us: "Hey, what about me? or urlLink Lindsayism ? the urlLink Real Janelle ? urlLink Culture Kitchen ? urlLink LustyLady ? urlLink AlexisT ? urlLink Brazilian Muse ? urlLink Sweet Blog O'Mine ? urlLink Standard Deviance ? urlLink Ultragrrl ? urlLink Hottpants ?" To which I'd like to add to the list urlLink SocialiteLife's Miu Von Furstenberg, and urlLink La Depressionada . Have I missed any? I'm sure I have. I'm writing this hung over on a Saturday morning. Who do you think gets the Internet Queen of Manhattan? If we go beyond Manhattan, why not urlLink OldHag and urlLink Sarah Weinman (Is Sarah a Manhattanite? I don't know; I do know, however, that she got her Master's at John Jay, but she occupies a sort of sexy and spaceless "all crime all the time"frame in her blog, so I'm not sure)? (And why is this only Manhattan? Is this some British plot to separate the boroughs and reclaim her colonies? Fuck if I know, people. I'd just ask: Who is the Queen of the Internet). And when Is Lindsay going to allow us to comment back on her blog? I guess when people behave. Damn, I miss the to-and-fro on that blog with comments.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Happy Birthday to two of our favorite bloggers, urlLink OldHag and urlLink Uncle Grambo , Leo's both. May they keep going on informing and amusing us for as long as "this thing of ours" drives us. Out : Dale Peck, the man we love to hate. The man who survived urlLink a brutal bitchslap attack from Stanley Crouch is interviewed in urlLink Gothamist . So best. In: Croatia, but, you probably already knew that . According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily : " Jessica Shaw , in her 'Shaw Report' for this weeks Entertainment Weekly, urlLink declared vacationing in Croatia as 'in.' What a coincidence, as Lauren Davis , the J. Mendel public relations director, sent The Daily a postcard this week from her trip abroad: 'Dear Daily, 'I am in Croatia! It sounds like a bad joke but its true! I am here for some good ol fashion Eastern-European funthey say it is the new St. Tropez, you know! In all seriousness, it is a marvelous place. [My boyfriend] and I came here on a boat last summer and are doing the same trip again. Were starting in Dubrovnick and ending in Venice.'" Out : Theft . Sticky fingered vulgarians robbed both urlLink Al Gore , our former Vice President, and Paris Hilton this week. One imagines Dominick Dunne is in hot pursuit, Mont Blanc at the ready, Jermyn Street tailored shirt rustling. According to urlLink the Page Sixers , re: Gore: "Al Gore for the first time since he was elected v.p. in 1992 decided to do without security on a vacation in Italy. Bad move. 'The Gores were robbed while staying in a luxurious villa in Castellina,' a Tuscan source told the London Spy column in the Daily Telegraph. 'One of the neighbors went in to sympathize, and Al told him that the thieves had taken about $35,000 worth of valuables.' Gore purportedly was kicking himself for leaving his bodyguards behind." urlLink The AP , like via urlLink Defamer , said this re: Paris: "Police confirmed Friday they were investigating a burglary at the Hollywood Hills home of Paris and Nicky Hilton. "Someone broke into the house Wednesday night, but detectives haven't identified a suspect, Officer Esther Reyes said. She wouldn't comment on what was stolen, citing the ongoing investigation. "Us Weekly magazine quoted an unnamed Hilton family member, who said the burglar took off with hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash, jewelry and personal items. "Another unnamed source told the magazine that a laptop computer, several designer purses, video tapes and photographs of Paris Hilton ... with ex-boyfriend Nick Carter were also taken. "Paris Hilton's publicist, Gina Hoffman , confirmed the burglary but had no further comment." In : Rick James . (This Rick James Dead urlLink Link via the most excellent Tom from urlLink The Media Drop ). In Memoriam, urlLink Charlie Murphy's True Hollywood Story (Corsair blog link) While Rick James is probably asking Saint Peter --as we "speak" -- questions, like: What did the two angel wings say to the face? Or, Does Heaven, by virtue of being Heaven, contain the "Stickiest" of the "Ickiest, " or saying, upon watching someone being denied entry into Heaven -- "Cold Blooded"! We will miss the original superfreak, as a source of fun and the fragility of life (okay, that was a bit pretentious, forgive me). Rick James, RIP Out : Caroline McAteer , the publicist for urlLink embattled celebs Posh Spice and urlLink David "Bend It Like" Bekham , and her former clients, out: all . urlLink According to the 3AM Girls , the Beckham Titanic is sinking: "VICTORIA Beckham has jettisoned a major cog in the urlLink First Family's 'truth' machine - their publicist Caroline McAteer . "After years of 'spinning' to protect their image, it is all over for the ruthless, bubble-haired flunky who has been given the boot by the increasingly desperate duo." And in a urlLink surprising brutal Op Ed in the New York Times today . As you can see, very slow news week. I gave it my all, though.

 The New "Urban" Tom Cruise (TM) Tom Cruise has unmistakably emerged from the crysalis of his urlLink messy break up with Nicole Kidman and the urlLink public reassessment of the A-List in urlLink an "urban" mode . I'd like to take full credit for describing Tom's reincarnation as Urban, but it was the Opening venue of "Collateral" at the Urban Film Festival -- a move that had Tom's calculating fingerprints all over it -- that helped me decide on the term. Now everyone's running with it. urlLink Canada's Globe and Mail yesterday : "They define two ways of being in the urban jungle. With his grey silk suit to match his hair, Vincent suggests a silver fox (the predator image is underscored when a coyote, eyes flaring briefly, crosses in front of the taxi). Max, with his rabbitty overbite, dark clothes and old-fashioned glasses, chooses camouflage and avoidance." Canada's urlLink National Post : "Like Mann's Heat, which was also set in Los Angeles, Collateral viscerally captures a certain urban dichotomy: the veneer of gauzy glamour covering the city's dangerous underbelly. The sun is going down, smothering everything in a smoggy, orange haze. Cars lazily navigate the streets of downtown L.A. as The Roots' The Seed 2.0 plays in the background. But something darker is going on underneath, and Mann understands and conveys those discordant rhythms. " They get the idea, but they miss the point: yes, the film is urban, but, more importantly, so is Tom, which is a long way from being Maverick in Top Gun, or the best bartender in the world in Cocktail, or Born on The Fourt of July. Tom is moving away from the All-American perfect guy and into a darker more postmodern multiethnic space. Could you imagine Tom, 5 years ago, under Pat Kingsley, interviewing Jada Pinkett-Smith for Interview Magazine? Or taking a urlLink subordinate bad guy role under Jamie Foxx ? Me neither. Guys, that's the story. And, just remember, you hear it here first.

 Kimora Simmons' Life & Style I, for one, cannot wait to see urlLink Kimora Simmons' new show Life &amp; Style : I know what you are thinking to yourself, 'No, Ron didn't just compliment Kimora, no, he didn't. But, yes, I did; but it is, of course, a backhanded compliment"look out"), and not, to be sure, the reason that one might think that I may wish to see Kimora in action on tv. You see, The Corsair likes to watch a natural disaster every now and again, where, all in all, no one dies, or is even hurt. This is cathartic, restorative, medicinal even. And, thusly, urlLink Fashionweekdaily piqued our ( The Corsair makes ironic quotation marks out of thin air with his fingers) "Kimora curiosity" -- shall we say, about her new View-like show, which sounds, quite frankly, like urlLink The Poseidon Adventure (... and guess who plays the urlLink Rosemary Clooney character?): "The quartet, made up of Kimora Lee Simmons , Jules Asner , Cynthia Garrett , and Lynne Koplitz , hope to become the 'it' show for women with compelling fashion, celebrity, relationship, and lifestyle content. Asner serves as the shows 'Meredith Viera' while Cynthia Garrett is more 'Star Jones' ( Ed Note : Eeeeww) you can see an air of annoyance, for example, come over her because of the amateur behavior of her co-host, 'Speak English bi-otch,' she finally yelled at Simmons. Adding to the delicious cattiness, Koplitz told Simmons to 'act like a lady' because of her constant fighting. "Simmons, wearing an overload of diamonds for daytime, brought her Baby Phat entourage with her, 'Why are you wearing sunglasses?' she asked one of her employees. The answer unimportant, she moved on, 'I wore eyeglasses yesterday to court but I didnt tell anybody they were prescription.' She did keep it real however, by wearing Baby Phat jeans for the show. Simmons does provide much comic relief in edited segments of her trying to bargain shopwith coupons! Her assignment was to shop for a family of four for under $100. She spent $96 and bought a flat iron for her hair." Oh, it's on like Gray Poupon , people, from now until the debut, that's my mantra; we are so there; TiVo's set for stun.

 That Very Special Diffrnt Strokes Episode Do you remember that "Very Special Differnt Strokes" espisode that gave us this iconic image of "TV with a message"? Assad Kelada did himself proud. I was just thinking about this episode the other day, and how naive and funny it was, but, at the time, it was a big deal. I think the cast came out at the end to start a "dialogue" on the issue of child molestation. The gang at urlLink Jump The Shark put it all in perspective, caring more about the names and pop cultural references than the "specialness" of the episode: "... the appearance of Gordon Jump (a.k.a. Mr. Malone on Growing Pains ) was creepy. remember he was that scary pettafile (sic-- Ed Note: This is a very creative spelling of that word). He made arnold and dudley play 'jungle adventure' and watch porno's while he snapped pictures." And: "Kudos to the last entry regarding Mr. Carlson's ( Gordon Jump ) molestation of Gary Coleman (Arnold) and urlLink Shavar Ross ( Dudley ). That single episode may have been the most famous 'very special episode' to ever appear on TV. Mr. Carlson was a bicycle shop owner who made Arnold and Dudley drink wine and watch dirty mice cartoons and play 'Jungle Adventure.' Arnold wised up and decided to leave - Dudley made fun of Arnold for leaving, but it would be Dudley who had egg on his face when Mr. Carlson touched Dudley where he 'didn't want to be touched' The worst performance by an actor to ever appear in a single television episode award had to go to Lee Tari (Dudley's father) (he ironically also appeared on the shark jumping/Very Special Episode of urlLink 'What's Happening Now' as Doctor Blood a retired gang-banger who became an unassuming plumber) who showed about as much emotion as an iceberg after finding out that the owner of WKRP/Maytag Repairman tried to have sex with his son. After this episode it was many more very special episodes for DS (Kimberly & Arnold are kidnapped by a photographer; Sam gets kidnapped buying potato chips) and all downhill. " All the posters seemed to remember that the game the molester proposed was called "Jungle Adventure," which is kind of odd when you think that that's what we all came away with after all that self-important writing. Oh yeah, urlLink Shavar Ross, who played Dudley is now a born again Christian , like urlLink Willie Ames , who so ably played urlLink Buddy Lembeck on Charles in Charge (and Scott Baio's sleazy pal in urlLink Zapped ), but now makes straight-to-video religious shorts in Kansas. Shavar even has his own church. I guess you kind of have to turn to Jesus in a big way once you've had people kissing your ass in LA before you hit puberty and then you are a has-been once your voice breaks. Either Jesus or drug addiction. (Ed Note: No posts tommorrow, due to work commitments)

 James St. James Interviews Michael Alig urlLink Gawker -- God bless you, Choire , for finding something hot in this slow news week -- turns our attention to this interview on urlLink World of Wonder between James St. James and convicted murderer/club kid Michael Alig . Hilarity ensues. It's just like old times: " James : Well, the last time I talked to you, you had protection from someone, from some prison gang or something, and there was some crazy black guy banging on your cell trying to get your stuff. "M ichael : That was the last time you talked to me?! " James : Yeah. Its been like two months. " Michael : Oh my gosh, that was just after I got here to this facility! " James : And you were telling me how much you loved it. Tell me again how much you love it. " Michael : Well (laughs), not any more. " James : You were saying it was like the urlLink Roxy , that everyone walks around with their shirts off. " Michael : Well, yeah, it is like that. We get a choice to go to the gym or the yard every night or the field house as they call it. Its like this big auditorium, like the size of the Roxy dancefloor. " James : And theres music and stuff? " Michael : Well, theyve got those huge video screens, like the kind that are like " James : ...the Palladium ones? " Michae l: Exactly. There are three of them and they each play a different kind of music: one is disco, one is rock, and one is rap. " James : High-energy dance music in prison, yay!" High energy dance music indeed . James St. James later delivers what can only be construed as the Most Surreal Line (one, incidentally, that could just as easily been filched from a Bob Dylan song) when he asks, "Do you really NEED somebody to say I love you at the dinner table, when you're dining with murderers and thieves?"

 Alan Keyes Versus Barack Obama? According to The urlLink AP (link via urlLink Matt Drudge ) the GOP is considering running urlLink Alan Keyes against Barack Obama : "With the general election less than three months away, former presidential hopeful Alan Keyes says he needs a few days to decide whether he wants to accept the Illinois GOP's offer to be its Senate candidate. urlLink "Keyes, a Maryland resident, told Republican leaders who offered him the nomination Wednesday night that he would make his decision known Sunday. Under the law, Keyes would have to live in Illinois only by Election Day. Asked how he felt about making a Senate run from a state he had never lived in, he responded: 'As a matter of principle, I don't think it's a good idea.' "'It has to be something where I would be convinced it's not only consonant with federalism as I understand it but that it's in the best interest of the state and of the nation,' Keyes said. "If he enters the race, Keyes will be stepping into the national spotlight with another Harvard-educated, polished debater Democratic rising star Barack Obama and setting up the first Senate election with two black candidates representing the major parties." The debate between Keyes, a urlLink Straussian who studied under urlLink Allan Bloom , and urlLink Barack , a professor at the urlLink University of Chicago Law School would be magnificent.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In: urlLink Borat . Ali G's hapless Kazakstanian television reporter revealed just last week what we all know that Arizona redneck's in dive bars think about Jewish people. Irony is like kryptonite to a hick. Out: Brittany Murphy, Singer. We still say that this actress with those big crazy eyes is going to end up in the mugshot section of Smokinggun.com. Soon. Actually, she's trying to get an album released a la Minnie Driver, as she tells that significant cultural artifact, urlLink The Star : " Star : You sing in the movie. Do you want to do an album? " Brittany Murphy : Yes. I've already started. It's sort of a hybrid of hip-hop and jazz. I want it to be something timeless that my grandchildren can listen to." Hip hop and Jazz and Brittney Murphy: Priceless. In : In urlLink Joyce Wadler's Boldface column : "BENJI, on tour for her soon-to-be-released movie 'Benji: Off the Leash,' has suffered complications after surgery at the Eye Care for Animals clinic in Wheeling, Ill. Benji's spokeswoman, MELANIE FRENKEL, said the dog had had 'a severe allergic reaction to medication,' and suffered a blood clot behind the retina. 'B: O.T.L.'' is to be Benji's big comeback after a hiatus of 17 years." Now, is this the same Benji who did those movies when I was a kid in the 70s( urlLink citizenslunchbox describes him thus, "Super-intelligent mutt; possibly a terrier mix:)? If so, this dog -- in dog years -- must be pretty old. And, follow up question, whatever happened to that Benji knock off " urlLink Here's Boomer ." Out : urlLink Gana La Verde , the new Spanish Tv Game show that plays on some crazy bad stereotypes. urlLink The AP describes it : "A Spanish-language reality TV show is offering contestants an unusual prize: the services of immigration lawyers to guide them toward a green card for U.S. residency. "'Gana la Verde' 'Win the Green' began airing daily last month on KRCA-TV Channel 62 in Los Angeles. Owner Liberman Broadcasting also airs the program on its San Diego, Houston and Dallas stations. "'People say that our show is like Fear Factor, but it's different because the climax of the show involves working," production manager Adrian Vallarino told the Los Angeles Times." Jesus, how many more bad Latino stereotypes can be thrown in to complete the overall effect? The Corsair wonders if Adrian Vallarino will have the bad taste to serve Arroz con Pollo and cerveza to the contestants in a Taco Bell Chihuahua uniform while doing urlLink Charo's "coochie coochie" dance . And what not.

 Angelina and Colin, like Mother and Son From Premiere, September 2004: "The Olympians role was pivotal, and Stone, who knew (Angelina) Jolie well from helping develop urlLink Beyond Borders , turned to her. The decision came down to a Manhattan meet-up with (Colin Farrell). 'At dinner the first night, it was funny,' (Oliver) Stone recalls. 'He was all over her, he was like the Irish boy -- he wasn't urlLink Alexander , he was just falling in love with her, couldn't help himself. I was thinking 'It was the right choice, because he's behaving like a baby.' And she was laughing at him, it was very funny -- she was -- older. I don't know if actors sometimes act out their desires and he wanted to be the infant to her mother ... it works.'"

 An Interview With Ron Mwangaguhunga I get "What's your story" emails all the time so: urlLink The Controversial Ron Mwangaguhunga Interview. No-no-notorious. (I got so much hate mail the first time I published this, calling me everything from "arrogant," "snobbish," and "stuck up the asses of New York hipster bloggers." It stung, true believer, but you have to be able to take it if you can dish it out, I say. Since I am such the snarky sadist, let's see what happens now, 6 months afterwards, with some of my notes added)

 Clinton Helps Letterman Trump Leno According to urlLink Drudge's numbers ( The Corsair covers his ears), "LETTERMAN TOPS LENO WITH HELP OF CLINTON: RARE WIN FOR LETTERMAN 5.2 RATING/12 SHARE FOR CBS TO NBC 4.7/11... LETTERMAN/CLINTON HIT 16 MAX SHARE PHILLY; 22 MAX SHARE SAN FRAN; 23 MAX MINNEAPOLIS ..." ( The Corsair uncovers his ears) Ahhh, better ... Which is a good turn for New York, as the LA-based urlLink Jay Leno regularly trounces NY Dave . Like, urlLink all the time . But, for a night at least, Dave had juice. The urlLink Daily News reported : "Outside, about 200 fans waited at the W. 53rd St. entrance to the Ed Sullivan Theater hoping for a Clinton autograph. "And they weren't disappointed. " urlLink After the show , Clinton signed baseballs, random bits of paper, hats and even a guitar for fans." But not before autographing a copy of his 957 page doorstopper of a book to David Letterman's 9-month old son, Harry. Awwww. The Corsair likes the Clinton on Letterman idea much better than doing Saturday Night Live, which is sure to take some glory off the old legacy.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In : Jason Binn's Vida Loca . Hamptons, Upside, Ocen Drive he's livin la vida loca. The Corsair kind of likes Jason Binn, in a Platonic manner. All that media ambition, all those glossies celebrating the urlLink ambitious young urban crowd in the Blue States , the urlLink starfucking , urlLink the Beth Ostrowsky cover to get in the good graces of Howard Stern, urlLink the parties . He's sneaky! Imagine our surprise, when urlLink Gawker.com's special Hampton's Correspondent caught The Jason in his crosshairs, like some big game hunter, as he was grazing: "Jason Binn was out in full force, looking like a serious frump machine with his Guy Trebay-style button down shirt sloppily half-untucked. It was a weird sight, watching him gently place one hand on David Lee Roth?s shoulder (see also: urlLink NY Social Diary party pictures of August 3rd) and stare off vacantly into space as Roth mumbled sweet nothings to some young blondes. During the dinner, I noticed a man had left the tent and was peeing in the woods. ?Jason!?? I called out. There was no response. It may have been the three mojitos talking, but I really, really, really think it was him." Out : The urlLink LA.com Blog speculates that behind Patti Davis' tryout with ABC lie dark network ulterior motives: "LA's own Patti Davis has had quite a life. Daughter of a president. Out and out urlLink rebel . Pictorial for Playboy. Wife of a yoga instructor. Best-seller urlLink author . And now newest correspondent for "PrimeTime Thursday"? Sources say ABC is giving Davis a tryout for a permanent gig with the show. Of course, there's also a lot of muttering among the staff there that ABC wants to score the first post-Ronnie TV interview with Nancy Reagan, and who better to help arrange it? But did NBC get there first? After all, Davis's brother, Ron Reagan Jr., has scored himself a great urlLink gig with MSNBC." In: Jennifer and Richard Pryor. They met in the freewheeling 70s ("keep on truckin'!"), she was a petite model who had "dated" Warren Beatty (hasn't everyone in LA?) and he was the hottest comedian in the land, but with urlLink his demons . Because of those demons, Jennifer left Pryor. Now, years after the divorce, they are back together again. And now Richard, suffering from MS, urlLink is the one being taken care of by Jennifer. According urlLink to Star : "Jennifer says that she set about turning his life around, firing all of the help and starting from scratch by bringing in a new team of doctors. She also streamlined his expenditures and created new sources of revenue in the form of specials (his most recent special, urlLink Richard Pryor: I Ain't Dead Yet, Motherf**er , ran last urlLink November on Comedy Central ) and re-releases of comedy albums. And though Pryor was worth millions in his heyday, Jennifer says extravagant spending left him with a modest estate -- he has less than $1 million in cash left. 'We are not wealthy,' she says." But, evidently, they are happy. Out : Moby Drinks . According to urlLink Page Six : "'We started bottling them because in a fit of naivete and hubris, we thought that Teany drinks were great and that people would love them,' he tells us. 'And we've learned through sweet and painful trial and error that the Teany Peach Berry Green Tea Cooler mixes far too well with vodka.' Moby will perform a rare deejay stint atop the roof of 60 Thompson tonight at a bash to promote the drinks. " I love those tiny little tea leaves in tetley tea, but naivete and hubris are my favorite flavors, so I'm sticking. Am I the only one in this room who wants to punch Moby? In : 50 Cent will make an appearance next season on The Simpson's. urlLink According to MTV News (link via urlLink Uncle Grambo ): "In an episode titled 'Pranksta Rap,' Bart sneaks off to attend a rap concert, featuring 50, without his parents' permission. When Homer and Marge realize their son is missing, he fakes his own kidnapping to avoid punishment." Folks, I couldn't make this up if I tried. Comment here on on urlLink VH1's Best Week Ever Blog . Out : Sharon Stone . According to the urlLink 3AM Girls : "PURRING wildly to promote a movie which critics have universally panned, Sharon Stone couldn't have looked happier on the red carpet alongside Halle Berry at last night's premiere. But behind the scenes of Catwoman it's a different story - the fur is flying between Sharon and her fellow co-stars. "We can reveal that while Halle and cast members, including Benjamin Bratt and Lambert Wilson , are staying at the plush Dorchester Hotel, on London's Park Lane, Madame Stone has demanded to stay separately in a suite at the 1,800-a-night Claridges hotel instead. Her decision has proved irritating to say the least, especially as the press junkets are being held at the Dorchester. "Insiders tell us Sharon is being a true pro about her promotional duties but when she's not working she just wants her 'own space'. So, while the cast have been getting together and dining at swanky restaurants such as Nobu, the 46-year-old star has taken walks with her assistant around Knightsbridge." The Corsair pauses for a second. He needs his "own space." "We also hear that Sharon, who wore a 20s-style gown to the bash, has no plans to join the rest of the cast at the film's other European premieres. Which leaves them to promote the lame film, described as a 'purr-fectly ridiculous and boring cat-astrope'. One New York critic said: 'Even with Halle Berry cavorting like a third-rate dominatrix, it's as sexy as a hairball.'" "A well-placed insider tells us: 'It's as if Sharon just wants to get the work over with so she can get back home as quickly as possible.'" Can you blame her? urlLink

 Madonna on the Rocks Borderline ... looks like she's going to lose her mind, if he keeps on pushing her love ... over the borderline. Or something like that ( The Corsair bows and graciously accepts applause) ... so kind, thank you, thank you ... thank you, so kind, so very kind. According to that significant cultural artifact, urlLink The National Enquirer ("because Enquiring Minds want to know"), Madonna's marriage is on the borderline: "Witnessing the obsessive devotion Madonna's fans have shown her on her tour -- while watching his own career wane -- has fueled Guy's insecurity and jealousy, the close source said." The Corsair swiftly grabs a bag of unsalted popcorn, leaps, and, in a single bound, lands squarely on the chair in front of his computer screen. "Guy's star has faded. His adaptation of the Italian film urlLink 'Swept Away' with Madonna as the star was a complete disaster." The Corsair nods, sadly, rubbing his urlLink Kabbalah red string bracelet , whispering, "Swept Away was not a film, it was a cocktail commercial." "He still has a huge ego but now when he looks in the mirror every day, he sees Mr. Madonna , rather than Guy Ritchie , filmmaker extraordinaire. "There's no question he's completely devoted to their son Rocco and Madonna's daughter by Carlos Leon , Lourdes . "But the simple fact is, Guy can't seem to stand that he'll always be behind Madonna in terms of success. "'Guy is wounded and hurt so he's lashing out at Madonna, accusing her of infidelity. I think he's sabotaging their relationship.' "As soon as Madonna kicked off her Re-Invention Tour in late May, 'Guy became agitated and in a bad mood,' said the insider. "If he wasn't with her at all times, he was in cell phone contact." urlLink Human, all too human . Doesn't this all sound urlLink familiar ?

 Brando was the king of the mooners Marlon Brando was an large personality with, I'd imagine, comparatively ample butt cheeks, as Diane Keaton, woefully, reminds us. urlLink Rush and Molloy have an intersting story today about the mingling of hollywood and cafe society, a la Brando: "In her memoir, urlLink 'It Seemed Important at the Time,' (Gloria) Vanderbilt writes about her four marriages and assorted flings. "After her one-night stand with Marlon Brando , he took his time calling her. When he finally reached her as she was boarding a plane back to New York from L.A., he said: 'Thank you for the tender feelings .'" No word, though, on whether the word feelings is here used as a noun or a verb (drum roll). Anyhoo : In the urlLink September 2004 Premiere Magazine , Robert Duvall and Diane Keaton , among others, share la recherche du temps Brando: "Robert Duvall : He liked the cameraderie (on set), the jokes. There was a lot of cutting up to keep things loose ... (In the scene in The Godfather where) he comes from the hospital , these two grips in hospital jackets have to carry him up the steep steps. He put these heavy metal things between the mattresses in the springs, and they practically had a heart attack going up the steps. He just laughed like a kid. "Diane Keaton : Mooning was a big item. Brando was the king of the mooners." Yeah, yeah, it is a slow gossip week with all the celebs in Sardinia. Here's some best of to keep you cool: urlLink What I really want to do is Executive Produce urlLink Reba MacIntyre Calls In Sick urlLink Former New York Times Writer Neill Strauss: Porn Boy urlLink I, Geraldo urlLink Academy Awards Diane Keaton, keeping it real.

 A Little of the Old In and Out In: Crouching Stanley, Hidden Gangsta . urlLink Ta-Nehisi's explanation of Stanley Crouch's urlLink bitchslapping of milquetoast literary critic David Peck in the Village Voice is instructive as well as amusing: "This was not a moment of hot-headed indiscretion. Crouch may use his perch at the Daily News to inveigh against gangsta rap with all deliberate fury and alarm ('Hip urlLink Hop's Thugs Hit New Low ,' urlLink 'Hip Hop Gets The Bruising It Deserves ,' or 'Morally, Allen Iverson's a Bad Guy'), but his habit of violent exchanges with writers and editors puts him a notch above Snoop on the ne'er-do-well scale. In most cases gangsta rap is just talkBiggie and Tupac are the exceptions. But while Crouch has yet to peel caps, the gangsta ethos is realer for him than it is for your average gun-talker. "'The thing is that Stanley will get gangsta on you,' says Nelson George , who worked with Crouch here at the Voice, in the 1980s. 'There is nothing more gangsta than just walking up and pimp-slapping someone. Not even punching them, just slapping them, almost as a sign of disrespect.'" Just putting a touch of sting on the cheeks. Cupping the jawline. Brushing an errantr knave's ear with a limp backhand. A Palm extended to allow for maximum surface contact rushing, cleaving the air. Flesh-on-flesh percussion, a macabre symphony. It all sounds so cruel. Or so I'm told. The receiver is brought low. His cheeks flush with that "homemade rouge." Most significantly" the speechless audience, who, breaking the silence, collectively utter the gutteral, "oooooohhh." Or so I'm told. Truer words have never been spoken ( The Corsair ruefully rubs his cheek, and stares with fish eyes at a picture of a smiling Stanley Crouch ). And speaking of disrespect ... Out : Now, I don't mean any disrespect by this. This is not meant to be personal. The "well-tailored suits and crisp shirts" are fine. But the urlLink Gotti hair is ... it doesn't quite ... it isn't ... uh, forget I ever mentioned it. Please. In : urlLink David Chappelle is rich . He renewed his contract for a reported $50 million. He's rich, bitch! ( My sister, the most excellent Elizabeth Mwangaguhunga , sent me that link). Comment here or on urlLink VH1's Best Blog Ever . Out : The speculation over James Bond . According to urlLink ITV.com : "Speculation over whether the Troy star has been officially offered the role has been hotting up over recent weeks, but that hasn't stopped bookmaker William Hill making him evens favourite to take on the super spy mantle. "Brit actor Clive Owen has been relegated to second favourite to become the famous martini stirrer at 9/2, followed by Hugh Jackman at 11/2. Hills then offer 6/1 Colin Farrell , 10/1 Orlando Bloom , 12/1 Jude Law , with Robbie Williams rank outsider at 100/1." Maybe you have to be a Brit to understand this, or even contmplate betting on this, but -- who-the-fuck-cares? In : urlLink Gawker Stalker sightings . We love the Gawker stalkers, Choires' minions, roaming the street, cell phone cams at the ready, and today is no different. urlLink The B-Listers are so much more amusing as stalker-prey than the A-Listers (this coming from a committed C-Lister himself, namely, me ): "... saw Little Stevie [ Steve Van Zandt ] in full gypsy scarf regalia on the roof bar of the Maritime Hotel at 12-1 on Saturday night. He was mellow, laughing with a larger guy (would he actually have security??) traversing the catwalk between the 'VIP' section (a total of 15 bored looking people were there...) toward the hopping main bar. No sign of any other E-Streeters or Sopranos people (except maybe the big guy with him), sadly. " How about, in the case of Little Steveie, MIP, for Mildly Important Person. Out : urlLink Paris Hilton . In the beginning Paris urlLink and her friends accused Nick Carter of her bruises . Then, for some reason, urlLink she wanted it to all just go away , after she fanned the flames. Now, she claims it was all -- teehee -- urlLink part of a photo shoot that took place days ago . Paris is out. So out. But not before urlLink Defamer gives us a tour of the odd things going on on her body. In : Th urlLink e First Lady as Paragon of America's Soft Power . This is a notion I came up with a while ago, and urlLink Gina Belanfante's article on First Ladies sort of bears it out : " Teresa Heinz Kerry has presented herself to Americans as a multilingual free spirit, a woman with a taste for a 70's-era Jacqueline Bisset coiffure and a habit of tossing a sweater over her shoulders, as if her political outings demanded no more of her than patio luncheons in Nantucket. Her gold tank watch rests loosely on her wrist; her favorable position on millennial-era cosmetic enhancements remains a matter of record. Were she to take up residence in the White House as first lady in a John Kerry administration, no one would expect her to fade into the chintz." Out : Clinton Sex Rants from Stuffy Democrats . There is something a bit creepy at the ferocity in which stuffy Dems go after Clinton's sex life. Sure, he was a jerk, but why go after him like a rabid pit bull in an intellectual journal years after the fact? What? Hillary can forgive him but the NYRB can't? It almost -- almost -- gives off a faint scent of resentment ("How come that bastard got away with cheating and I've been trapped for decades ..") , or, at the very least least, a profound stuffiness that is alien to educated and socially sophisticated liberals that read the NYRB. Gary Wills in the August 12, 2004 New York Review of Books huffs like a schoolmarm: "Clinton, like his mother, is a gambler. he does not, as she did, play the ponies. He dares the lightening. He knew he had numerous hunters and trackers circling about. He knew that he already had to cope with Gennifer Flowers , Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey . The young woman he was adding to the list was not likely to be discreet-- she boasted of earning her presidential knee pads, and wrangled thirty-seven entrances to The White House, and snapped her thong, and preserved the candied semen. (DNA technology is still a comparatively young discipline, but it is not likely for some time to get a stranger excercise than testing testing the effluvia of presidential fellation.)" The exceptional vocabulary aside, the eminent New York Review of Books, home of some of the most sophisticated minds of the last half century, really came off just now sounding like the exact opposite of its subscriber base.

 Best of Corsair What can I say? It's deep summer -- deep deep summer-- and everyone's on vacation, it appears, except me. To top it all off, it's a slow news day. So here are some oldies, but urlLink goodies , on the vanity of celebrity. My own little bonfire of the vanities: urlLink Mike Tyson and Naomi Cambell urlLink Arianna Huffington: Golddigger? urlLink Jailhouse Pen Pals urlLink The Charlie Rose Drinking Game urlLink The Zenith of the 80s urlLink Jackie, Oh! urlLink An Open Letter to Rapper-Actors And, I mean, like: who knows? Maybe the head writer at The Daily Show will be smitten with the writing and say -- "bring this kid on board. He's got the good stuff." Dare to dream.

 Serena Williams: Jehovah's Witness From urlLink Aspire Magazine June/July 2004: "Serena was brought up, and still actively pravtices as a Jehovah's Witness. She is even known to go door to door every so often. "'It is something that all Witnesses participate in,' she explains. However, the sight of Serena turning up at the front door is understandably a shock for most people. "'I haven't dont it for a while because I travel so much.But when I do, people usually take the literature because they know who I am -- which is a good thing. There is a big misconception about Witnesses, so hopefully I'm doing my bit to change that.'"

 The Source in the Hour of the Wolf According to urlLink Jeff Bercovici at WWD (2nd Item): "The news at urlLink The Source continues to be the pits. A circulation audit released Monday shows the formerly hot hip-hop title missed its rate base for the 12 months ending June 30, 2003. The Sources average circulation of 485,817 was 0.3 percent below its average rate base for the period of 487,500. After making rate base for four of six issues in the latter half of 2002, The Source raised its circulation guarantee, to 500,000 from 475,000, causing it to miss rate base for five of the next six issues ." Raising magazine circulation guarantee in the sluggish 2002 economy? bad move. "The magazine, which sells more than two-thirds of its copies on newsstands, overstated single-copy sales for 11 of 12 issues by an average of 4.1 percent. The Source overreported its total circulation by 1.8 percent just shy of the 2 percent mark that triggers automatic inclusion in the Audit Bureau of Circulations variance report. According to the magazines most recent publishers statement, The Source did make its rate base for second-half 2003 by a scant 253 copies, a margin of 0.05 percent. But the statement itself was filed late to ABC, often a sign of trouble. Several calls to the magazine which reportedly faces lawsuits from a slew of creditors over nonpayment were not returned."

 The Royal Surfer According to urlLink Hello!Magazine : "The Royal Family welcomed its first Maori on Saturday when Lady Davina Windsor walked down the aisle with Gary Lewis . The 26-year-old royal married the former sheep-shearer after a four-year romance. "Davina, the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, met her Kiwi beau in Indonesia in 2000. The pair decided on an understated wedding at Kensington Palace, attended only by close family and friends. 'They just wanted a really low-key intimate affair,' said a royal aide. "Gary, a keen surfer, is described as a 'renovator' by the papers in his home country. The 33-year-old originally hails from Gisborne on the east coast of New Zealand's North Island. His father was a champion sheep-shearer in the Eighties, while his mother worked as maid. The handsome builder also has an 11-year-old son from a previous relationship. Yup, it's a slooooow day; but check out this interesting story urlLink here .

 The Assault Weapons Ban: Radioactive to Kerry? urlLink Patrick O'Connor of TheHill does an admirable job in untangling the web of issues surrounding the Assault Weapons Ban, which expires September 13th, and is bound to be a campaign issue in Karl Rove's crosshairs: "Gun-control advocates say that Sen. John Kerrys presidential campaign is divided about how vocal the senator should be in calling for the assault-weapons ban to be renewed. Kerrys reluctance to mention the controversial issue on the campaign trail has agitated proponents of the ban. "Sen. John Kerrys campaign is running television commercials showing him hunting. "Kerry supports the ban, and, earlier this year, he changed his campaign schedule to vote for it to be extended. But urlLink some gun-control advocates say he has not done enough. "Asked if Kerry will highlight the issue in his campaign, Blaine Rummel , a spokesman for the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence said, 'There is some shiftiness.' Not a good sign, surely ("... and don't call me, Shirley") as this feeds into the Republican characterization of Kerry as a flip-flopper. Further, Senators have glass jaws in the Presidential gladitorial fundament -- they are "legislative compromisers," and, the longer they linger in those aristocratic Senate corridors, the longer the record. Karl Rove knew what he was doing when he affixed the sobriquet "flip flopper." This politically lethal nickname is twofold poison: it erodes Kerry's support on the Left, by portraying him as not a stand-up guy, thus strengthening, however slightly, Nader; and, on the other hand, it weakens his efforts to gain a stronghold among moderates, who, by and large, favor mavericks like John McCain (who is the sole Senate exception as a "Senate lingerer" who is a straight talker) O'Connor continues: " urlLink The 'issues' section of Kerrys campaign website lists 15 topics , ranging from healthcare to homeland security to rural America. Gun matters are not listed." "The (assault weapons) ban has been debated heavily since it was urlLink enacted in 1994 by Congress at the request of then-President Bill Clinton . In 1996, the House voted to repeal the ban, and the current House GOP leadership will not move to renew the ban without consent from the White House. Bush supports extending the ban but has not urged Congress to act." O'Connor notes that as Dems tiptoe around this radioactive issue in an election year, Clinton toom it on front and center on Monday's Democratic Convention speech in prime time. Ever protective of his legacy, Clinton said, "As gang violence is rising and we look for terrorists in our midst, Congress and the president are also about to allow the 10-year-old ban on assault weapons to expire." O'Connor then notes: "In his new book, My Life , Clinton wrote that the 1994 vote to ban assault weapons came at a high political price, costing many House Democrats their seats in Congress. Gun-control advocates, who have consistently argued for years that gun control is a winning political issue, were somewhat exasperated by Clintons claims. The NRA has seized on Clintons words, highlighting them in recent newspaper ads. Clintons line of thinking has scared a number of congressional Democrats from the gun-control debate, Hummel said. "The 2004 Democratic primary on guns is distinctly different from urlLink the 2000 battle between former Vice President Al Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley (N.J.) , Cox said, when both candidates made gun violence a major campaign issue. This election cycle, Kerry and former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean have attempted to reach out to voters who strongly support the Second Amendment." While the Jim Brady campaign claims to have the votes in the Senate to extend the ban, and, "Sixty-four percent of gun-owning households and half of the NRA members polled were in favor of extending the ban, according to a recent poll conducted by the Annenberg Election Survey," it could be a potent election issue if done up right by the spinmeisters in rural swing states. This could be an especially effective strategy in the last days, where Kerry might be unable to respond to such an attack in time to make a difference. Anyway, check out urlLink Patrick O'Connor of TheHill 's thoughtful piece.

 A Little of The Old In and Out In : Sardinia , it's the new urlLink East Sussex , but not quite Croatia, at least not yet. According to urlLink Hello! Magazine : "Oscar winner Denzel Washington took a break from promoting his latest film The Manchurian Candidate to relax in style at one of this summer's hottest celebrity locations the island of Sardinia. "The Hollywood actor was joined by a familiar face during his boat cruise around Porto Cervo - Formula One boss Flavio Briatore. Famed for hosting his supermodel girlfriends, including Naomi Campbell and Heidi Klum , on his yacht during previous Sardinia holidays, playboy Flavio owns the nearby Billionaire Club, an exclusive hideaway open only to the crme de la crme of the jet set. "And there is no shortage of VIPs flocking to Sardinia, as demonstrated by the roster of big names who've visited the Mediterranean paradise just this year. Footballer David Beckham and the England squad held their Euro 2004 training on the Mediterranean island, while rap mogul P Diddy sailed in for his vacation on a 15-million yacht. The elite hotspot has also seen its share of romance, with Rod Stewart and Penny Lancaster spotted on a romantic holiday, and Christian Slater seen smoothing out his rocky relationship with wife Ryan Haddon with some passionate kisses." This month, Tony Blair and his wife stayed in Sardinia with uber-sleazy media magnate cum Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi , urlLink according to the Telegraph (eeewww): "After leaving Tuscany, the Blairs are due to travel to Sardinia for a two-day stay with Silvio Berlusconi, the Italian prime minister. From there they are expected to fly to Athens for the Olympic Games." I hope the Blair had their shots if they used any of Berlusconi's silverware. Tara urlLink Reid may be flashing her newly purchased breasts in Sardinia , which is nice. What more could you ask for? But, where to stay, true believer? urlLink The New York Post suggests : "A ... private spot is Cala di Volpe's sister site, the exclusive, whitewashed Hotel Pitrizza, where Harrison Ford stayed recently. Practically embedded in the jagged coast, it has a granite pool that seems to blend into the sea (from approximately $1,200; starwood.com). "Also, check out Peter Gabriel's Li Capanni, the 20-room hotel where he got married. He opens its cottages and gardens to anyone who can afford the approximately $43,000 weekly hire charge (licapanni.com)." Finally, urlLink PM's Unik recently told Page Six , "(he's) joining Lionel Richie in Sardinia. He'll wind up in urlLink Croatia , which he calls 'the next St.-Tropez gorgeous, cheap and still undiscovered.'" Out : urlLink Bill Clinton on Saturday Night Live ? (link via urlLink Gawker ) According to the AP: "Former President Bill Clinton could be a host of 'Saturday Night Live' this season. At least, that's what the folks at NBC are hoping. "TV Guide Online quotes anonymous sources saying that Clinton has been offered the gig if he wants it. "A decision is expected this week." This might not be the best way to preserve a dignified Presidential legacy. Not a good sign, if this is true, that Clinton still hasn't decided. The Corsair is not a prude in any way shape or form, and he would love to see a short Clinton SNL skit, but a President shouldn't do any extended comedy riffs beyond the White House Correspondent's Dinner -- the acceptable forum for that. Clinton is not Al Sharpton, he shouldn't be carrying the show, he should be on DL diplomatic missions to the Middle East or Central Asia. I'm just saying , I'm kind of conservative about what a President should ideally represent. And an ex-President shouldn't be doing Nat X or "Mongo" sketches, or urlLink Chyna Doll bits . In: Vanity Fair's Page Six Story. urlLink According to FashionWeekDaily , Vanity Fair is doing a piece on the merry band of Sixers, past and present: "Here's an update on Frank DiGiacomos first assignment for Vanity Fair. His all-encompassing look at the Manhattan gossip world has now apparently morphed into an 'oral history' of the New York Posts Page Six. DiGiacomo, who once worked at the column himself, has been interviewing employees past and present, including, of course, the now-infamous Ian Spiegelman, who, were told, has just sold his next book, partly on the strength of all the attention hes garnered since getting axed from the paper. DiGiacomo is also talking to competitors and those who have been burned by Page Six and still feel the pain. But don?t expect any scathing revelations about Richard Johnson -- he's too powerful a figure to mess with." Out : urlLink Matt Damon's Anxiety Baldness . Okay, maybe the FlyOnTheWall crowd is stretching for news -- lord knows I've dont that before -- but I'm fascinated by how gossipmongers make medical diagnoses on the flimsiest of paparazzi photos: "The other day, one of the trades ran the photo below of Matt Damon fighting off an attempted liplock by George Clooney at The Bourne Supremacy premiere. The two strange bald patches in Damon's hair struck me as odd. They're not at the crown, where male pattern baldness starts, but instead down on the side a bit. Now if you saw a guy on the street with little bald spots like this, you'd think he had a bad haircut. But I can't imagine Damon gets a $3 trim at the barber school. "So I forwarded a scan of the picture to a MD buddy and asked him what was up with Matt's locks. 'Definitely looks like some anxiety baldness,' my medical friend said. 'You're right; it's not male-pattern baldness because his crown is still full with good hair coverage. There doesn't appear to be any injury or scarring involved, either.' So I ask my doctor pal if this could get worse. 'It's impossible to tell without knowing his medical history,' he said. 'It's more likely he'll lose little clumps like this. It's extremely rare that all your hair falls out with anxiety baldness.'" The funny thing is that in the urlLink comments section, everybody starts throwing down their own medical diagnosis. Favorites include: alopecia, which only adds to my assessment of Tinseltown, aside from being the world's capitol of litigation, the place where innocence gets seduced to a Chili Peppers soundtrack, is also a town with the world's highest concentration of hypocondriacs with an encyclopedic knowledge of the medical dictionary. Like, is it possible that they are watching Matt Damon's hair too closely? Just a thought. In : urlLink RuPaul , while decompressing from exhausting rehearsals for Zombie Prom, is hooked on Brandy: "i cant stop listening to BRANDY'S new album AFRODISIAC. on the train, on the plane, in the car...non-stop! the content of the album has taken on deeper meaning with the events that have unfolded in the past 2 weeks. BRANDYS baby daddy revealed that they were never married, countering BRANDYS claim that they had divorced. then, late last week, BRANDY emerged from shame with the announcement that she is engaged to a man worth 75 million and that she has the dope-ass rock to prove it...something like 50 carats...POW!" Out : Robbers . urlLink Margaret Cho's funny take on Charisma, the Democrat Kids, and the robbers of her parents Korean bookstore: " Cate Edwards and Chris Heinz are impressive kids to put out in front of the store. They beat me and my cousins hands down in counter charisma. If those two were put in charge of the cash register, we probably wouldn't have gotten robbed at gunpoint as many times as we did."

 Katie Couric: Smooth Da Hustla. urlLink According to Lloyd Grove , the elvin NBC Today Show host has more than just pep in her step, she's got soul in her roll : "... the 'Today' show's barefoot Katie Couric snagged a live interview with the Democratic nominee and his running mate, and the well-shod Gibson got nobody - that he was right to be hopping mad. "Immediately on arriving at Langone Park, on the banks of the Charles River, (ABC's Good Morning America host Charlie) Gibson noticed that 'GMA's' picturesque site was a good distance away from the rally. "But 'Today' had claimed a location close to the bus that was to convey Kerry and Edwards on their first cross-country campaign trip. "According to witnesses, Gibson indicated the 'Today' site, scowled - and barked at a 'GMA' producer: 'We should be here.'" The Corsiar nibbles on a croissant, sipping coffee, reflecting on the irony of Charlie Gibson's statement, and its relevance to the urlLink white hott ratings war currently going on between urlLink GMA and Today . Of course Charlie wants to be there, getting the rich smooth Today Show ad revenue cheddar. "Around 8 a.m. the 'Today' team moved to an even closer location around 30 feet from the candidates' bus - smack-dab in the middle of their escape route - and Couric doffed her fashionable black pumps for greater mobility." The Corsair ducks, mouthing 'What the f-,' narrowly avoiding a Manolo Blahnik to the chops: "'... Where are your shoes?' Edwards demanded. "'I had to jump around to try to grab you guys,' Couric explained. "Watching miserably, Gibson scorched his producers, 'This should have been us!' and then stormed off. "The despondent 'GMA'-ers were spotted sulking beside their remote location. "A few hours later, ABC News spokesman Jeffrey Schneider made no effort to spin (Grove). 'Gosh, that Katie - she's such a hustler,' he said, and I can only hope he meant that in the best sense." don't hate the hustla, hate the ratings game ...

 NYTimes' Paul Krugman Versus CBS News' Jim Murphy The Executive Producer of CBS Evening News with Dan Rather , urlLink Jim Murphy , is getting a little punchy. And not punchy good, but punchy bad. Be very afraid. He's mad as hell and urlLink he's not gonna take it anymore . And it's not the first time with Murphy. Not hardly. One would think that having reached the rarified air of network news, one might be above the fray, beyond getting into a spot of the old rough and tumble with the Op Ed Page of the Old Gray Lady. Upon achieving the sanctified grace of Network News, one might be inured to media violence, and thus immune to the slings and arrows of outrageous editorials. Uh-uh, you'd be wrong on that count, baby pop. First, Murphy went punchy after urlLink Howie Kurtz , with wide haymakers and low, inside body shots, saying, slyly : "The endless debate over how American politics are covered by domestic media gets another treatment in today's Howard Kurtz urlLink column in the Washington Post. And in the sidebar debate over television versus print as a source for comprehensive treatment, Howie comes down firmly on the side of print without ever saying so. But it's obvious in the subtext of Kurtz's report that he reached two conclusions from a selective viewing of the CBS Evening News reports about this year's issues called 'What Does It Mean To You?'" Now, Murphy, 1-0, undefeated in the Chattering Class Smackdown (held daily in Romenesko Letters), sharpens his axe to grind, target: Paul Krugman ; let the beatings begin, true believers. On July 30th Murphy wrote to urlLink Romenesko's Letters : "The entire staff of the 'CBS Evening News with Dan Rather' was pretty miffed after reading Paul Krugman's ( urlLink July 30th "Triumph of the Trivial" column ) that claimed not a SINGLE issues piece has aired on the big newscasts in the past two months." Translation : At the Tiffany Network that day, we burned your column in effigy; much oxen was sacrificed to the Elder Gods over the flames, and much sweet meats and honey ale was consumed. Me alpha-man, hear me roar! "(Krugman) must have missed the SIXTEEN different 'issues' pieces we did over a four week period during that time, part of a series that will continue until the election. With the resources of the New York Times you would think that would be kind of difficult to miss." Translation : My boldface is bigger than yours. And, what's worse, you don't know how to use your, uhm, resources . "The Washington Post's media critic found the series so intriguing amid all the debate over campaign coverage he actually urlLink wrote an article about it . How can anyone take an editorialist's arguments seriously when he ignores some FACTS completely?" Translation : If Howie, my ex-nemesis is cool with it, then you must be blind. On urlLink Poynter (2nd Item down), NY Timesman Paul Krugman responds in kind: "In response to Jim Murphy's urlLink comment regarding my July 30 column on the absence of issue coverage in this election, and the 'miffed' staff at CBS Evening News ... Mr. Murphy apparently misread what I said." Translation : Do you own a library card? Have you ever? Do you want me to help you with the big words? "I did not say that there has been no issue reporting at all over the past two months; I said that issue coverage is very thin, and that there has in particular been no clear explanation of even the most basic elements of the Kerry health care plan.That statement is, alas, true." Translation: The old Gray Lady may be a bit chubby in the backside, and CBS News may be, uhm, supermodel thin, but our readers like a little meat on the bone -- something to grab onto ... ( The Corsair imitates expressive Italian hand gestures to illustrate his point, mouthing the words, 'abondanza, abondanza'') "The CBS evening news report from June 29 was the best coverage of the competing health care plans I could find." Translation : Why can't we be friends? I'm a respected columnist, an intellectual even, I don't need this kind of shit. "But did it explain that the Kerry plan would cover most of those now uninsured? No." Translation : I am not averse to issuing a bitchslap if the occasion warrants. Remember executive producer boy, an animal is most dangerous when it is cornered ... "Did it explain that the plan would, according to the Kerry campaign, be financed by a tax-cut rollback? No. In fact, by giving time to Bush claims that 'the Kerry plan would break the bank', without mentioning Kerry's plan to pay for it with a tax-cut rollback, the CBS report conveyed the false impression that the plan is unfunded pie in the sky." Translation : Some constructive, diplomatic criticism, my media brother, let's work through this. "Bear in mind that this is not one among many issues: health care-cum-tax cut rollback is Kerry's signature domestic policy proposal. Yet a voter who gets his or her news from TV, even CBS with its 'issues' series, would have little or no idea of what Kerry is offering, or how it differs from Bush." Translation: TV has it's uses, but print media is for the weighty analysis, that's how it was all divvied up in the beginning-- you get the big money, we get the prestige. Live with it. Tune in next week, when Jim Murphy blasts any media critic (50-50 odds on an urlLink Eric Alterman , Jim Murphy Smackdown up next) who dares -- dares! -- criticize the CBS Evening News with Dan Rather. Murphy dares you to smack the urlLink Eveready battery off his shoulder ... he dares you ...

 Is This The End of Cafe Society? Could this be the last hurrah for Cafe Society as we know it? urlLink Town and Country , arguably, urlLink jumped the shark, or, rather, jumped the well tended Newport, Rhode Island rose garden , when they decided to put John Travolta on their cover a while back, instead of, say, oh -- urlLink Hubert de Givenchy , or urlLink Philippe de Montebello (Averted Gaze). Has urlLink celebrity finally trumped discretion and the well-written holiday urlLink note ? Class will tell ... (Averted Gaze) Now, urlLink The Page Sixers report , the fat lady has sung, or, at least, urlLink Bobby Short's doing Gershwin at Cafe Carlisle , as alpha-debutante urlLink Cornelia Guest is pitches forth towards Tinseltown, forgoing the obligatory mansion on Long Island out of site from the main road: " CORNELIA Guest has packed up and moved back to Los Angeles. The daughter of The Post's late urlLink gardening columnist C.Z. Guest , Cornelia, who was once named 'Debutante of the Decade,' has decided to try her elegantly manicured hand at acting. So far Guest, who does not have an agent, is doing very well all on her own. The blue-blooded blonde has scored a small part in an NBC pilot, 'Revelations,' done three independent films and is in discussions to have a one-off role on the FX hit, 'Nip/Tuck.'" Ah, the pendulum swings, and, with the passing of CZ Guest, the debutantes fade. Charmed, I'm sure (Averted gaze).

 A Little of the Old In and Out (Ed Note: Thanks Roe935 for clearing up the Laverne and Shirley issue.) In: urlLink Lucy Sykes . According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , "Marie Claire editor-at-large Lucy Sykes is styling the Liz Lange fashion show at the Bryant Park tents this September." See you in September, darling. ( The Corsair blows the gal an air kiss) So, don't now say that I never offered anything nice about La urlLink Sykes . Tennis, anyone? Out : Catwoman . Or, as urlLink Roger Friedman of Fox says purr-fectly: "The only movie really doing worse (than The Village), of course, is 'Catwoman,' a film that's clawed its way to the bottom. The Halle Berry starrer is a financial disaster of a magnitude that must have Warner Bros. in a frenzy. (The awful New York premiere must have been an omen.) "'Catwoman' has a $135 million price tag. So far, though, it's taken in only $36 million domestically and about $1.5 million overseas." Meow. The Corsair still believes that Sharon Stone is the jinx of that minx, even though urlLink Halle is accident prone . Sharon has stunk up more theaters than those buttery popcorn smelling ventilators. In : Hating X-Men director Bryan Singer . It's the new black. Hate on him, why don't you. Bryan may be an ass urlLink that gets tossed off the studio lot , but, apparently, he is fun to dish on. According to urlLink FlyOnTheWall : "I got to see Singer in his full tyrannical glory a few years back when I was at post house to view a director friend's rough assemblage. (For you flyovers, a 'post house' is a post-production facility where sound work is done on a film; a 'rough assemblage' is a very rough first cut with only master shots.) I walked in the door of the normally quiet facility in Burbank and heard what sounded like a hoarse teenager screaming and crying in the distance. When I was escorted back to the appropriate screening room, I discovered the screeching teenager was none other than director Bryan Singer, standing on a chair in a mix room and screaming hoarsely at some poor post-production lackey for a minor oversight. Singer was in such a typhoon rage that his words were incomprehensible. But I'll never forget his face: red from crying as tears and snot poured down his puffy face to his quavering chin. He looked exactly like the overgrown baby that he is. Only in Hollywood." Already posters are giving their favorite urlLink "Hating Bryan Singer" stories here in the comments section. The Corsair predicts that blogs are going to make it hard for Hollywood divas (and, their counterparts, " hevas ") to get away with all the shit and vinegar they have been getting away with all these years in relative obscurity, ignored by their buddies in the LA press corps. The Corsair cannot wait for an Anonymous casting couch blog , dishing on Steven Segal and his ilk. Out : Vanity Fair . According to urlLink Fashionweekdaily , "supermodel Gisele graces the October covers of both Esquire and Vanity Fair, the former being the magazines photo issue." So, uhm, I guess that means that since Gisele is from Brazil (but half German), that this could technically -- possibly, maybe -- count as a Latina cover for the alabaster VF? Hardly. Not "in," but urlLink out, damn VF . In : Stalking Kevin Bacon . Question: Do you ever dream about trapping Kevin Bacon in a dungeon and watching him do the Footloose dances over and over, just for your amusement? No? It's just me? Anyhoo: First , there was urlLink Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon . The Game. And then it wasn't enough. It. Wasn't. Hardly. Enough. We Needed more Kevin; the bacon wasn't sizzling. ( The Corsair breaks into a cold sweat, sharpens a meat cleaver). You don't know what it's like to be a Kevin Bacon fan , dude. You. Don't. Know. Sometimes ... when I'm in a Diner late at night. Like: 3AM. And the waitress wants to refill my cup of Joe for, like, the tenth cup. And she's walking really slowly, so as not to distract me from my Guns and Ammo magazine. I ask for eggs and bacon, abruptly, loudly, just to keep her off balance. And when she wants to know how I want the bacon ... I tell her Kevin, get it, Kevin Bacon ... (The Corsair suddenly and abruptly breaks into a very loose imitation of urlLink Kevin Bacon's Footloose dance . And now, ( The Corsair pants audibly) the great urlLink Gawker (take it easy, urlLink Choire ) has provided our prey, urlLink like a Nabokovean butterfly, mounted ... I mean our Bacon fix; tee-hee : "Saw Kevin Bacon AGAIN (I see him all the time because he lives a few blocks away) this morning, first standing on his apartment building steps peering out like a beacon of lightthen following me into the subway (of course he was following me). I proceeded to stalk him into the car he was riding on but pretended I wasnt interested. He was wearing black sweatpants with a green stripe, nicely accessorized with a well worn green Eagles baseball hat and a black t-shirt and sneaks. He wore his sunglasses and was reading the NY Times the whole time. I watched the other subway riders with amusement to see if they noticed it was him. I think a few were a little startled out of their morning stupor but no one bothered him. He is cute but a rather ordinary, if vaguely hip, guy. I got out in Midtown but he continued onI wondered if he was going downtown to look at apartments because I saw in the NY Post that he might be looking to move out of the neighborhood (sob)!" Then, the stalker reports go to briefly Nathan Lane , but quickly, justly, return to fixate on Our Kevy: "Nathan Lane at Caf Fiorello in front of Lincoln Center having an early dinner with a friend before his performance of The Frogs. Also, Kevin Bacon walking on the Upper West Side with a dreadlock headed boy." Dreadlock freak terrorizes Gotham! ( The Corsair whips up a frenzy) ... wait till they get a load of me.

 LaToya Jackson Undergoes Name Surgery urlLink MSNBC reports that LaToya Jackson has changed her name to "Toy": "This week, the buoyant 'Just Wanna Dance' (JaTail Records) by Toy climbs two notches on the chart to No. 14. 'It feels good to be back,' Toy Jackson told Billboard. 'With this single, I wanted people to judge the song on its own merit.' "Jackson fully understands that her name comes with much baggage, good and bad. 'People werent giving me the chance to do my thing, which is to sing,' she said. 'So, I altered my name for this single to see what would happen.' But on the horizon of contemporary music there have been hints, as in her "hit" "Sex Box (the orignial mix, silly, without full force rap), she croons, rather humidly, "Last night laying in the bed/Thinking and dreaming of you/Real tight, holding on my hand,Thinking of what I had to do/Here I am, like a toy /Now your gonna play with me/Hey you! Come boy, Give me what you think I need" Which, of course, begs the question, is Toy her name ... or her function? ( The Corsair wags his eyebrows like urlLink Groucho Marx )

 Barbra Streisand: The Bloviator I know I should like urlLink Barbra Streisand , former lover of the embattled urlLink Don Johnson , as it was her donation to urlLink The Nation Magazine that allowed me to intern at that Magazine straight out of college with a nice little stipend to get me through the week. I should feel all warm and fuzzy and full of gish darn gratitude. And, damn, that extra beer money helped me slough through the Summer of 1995. But, Goddam, is she a bloviator or what? According to urlLink The National Enquirer , that significant cultural artifact: "Furious over Barbra Streisand's outrageous demands after they asked her to speak at the Democratic National Convention, organizers rebelled and yelled: 'Streisand . . . STAY HOME!'" The Corsair heartily agrees. "Snarled one insider: 'She was a nightmare!' La Streisand delivered a typewritten list of demands that blah-blah-ed on for pages about makeup artists . . . hairdressers . . . a fleet of limos . . . hotel suites for the star's entourage and a small army of private bodyguards . . . etc. In addition, say sources, she ordered Dems to hire extra guards for her protection and (here's my favorite!) even dictated strict security demands to the FBI! Topping it all off, party 'loyalist' Streisand refused to pony up a penny toward the staggering bill -- insisting that the tab be paid by campaign contributions from ordinary Americans! Seething party bosses told the singer through clenched teeth: 'Thanks . . . but no thanks!' Now Streisand's fibbing to pals that she couldn't attend the convention because she's working on 'Meet the Fockers' -- but sources say her scenes were shot long before the opening gavel banged!" But that is nothing compared to the 4-page bio on urlLink her shameless web site , which bloviates at Wagnerian length about, among other things, her "honorary degree from Brandeis," and: "Ms. Streisand's feelings about the rights and obligations of artists to participate in the political process were brought into sharp focus by her early urlLink 1995 speech at Harvard University under the sponsorship of the John F. Kennedy School of Government. The address won unprecedented reportage and reproduction in such print media as the New York Times and the Washington Post. It was carried a record number of times on C-SPAN and is included in Senator Robert Torricelli's book, 'In Our Words: The American Century,' a collection of important speeches of the 20th century." This may in fact be a first, people: not only is Babs' site bragging about being her "The Artist as Citizen"(a speech written by urlLink Kerry's consigliere Bob Shrum and touched up by Peter Jennings) being carried a record number of times on C-Span, a dubious distinction at best, but, further, the site bloviates about being included in a collection of important speeches of the 20th century, edited by urlLink Robert "I'm Sorry" Toricelli . Granted, lyrical stylings like "Love soft as an easy chair/Love fresh as the morning air," do not urlLink a Holderlin make, but if she's going to be so in-your-face about her left politics, she could at least frame it in such a way that it does not call attention to how many fucking diva perks she needs.

 Deadbeat ... Looking For a Deadbeat urlLink Embattled actor Don Johnson , who played urlLink Sonny Crockett , the alagator pet-owning rough-edged pastel wearing sailboat living cop, may soon be singing urlLink The Smuggler's Blues with Johnny Law himself if he doesn't pony up some dinero for his unpaid shopping bills, according to urlLink the Beeb : "A judge has ordered Hollywood actor Don Johnson to pay an unpaid shopping bill of nearly $5,500. "Pitkin County District Judge Erin Fernandez-Ely said Johnson must pay $5,470 ... for the overdue balance at Clark's Market. "The judge also ordered Mr Johnson to pay $426.85 in interest to the grocery store in Aspen, Colorado." Although the former icon has put his Aspen 17 acre ranch for sale, urlLink The Aspen Daily News writes : " Tom Clark , president of the valley-based, nine-store chain, said it's doubtful he'll extend the former 'Miami Vice' star a line of credit in the future, even if he satisfies his tab. Clark's had given Johnson a line of credit since 1989, but last year his bill went unpaid, and he had been in default since September, according to court papers. "'We're dealing with somebody who at one time was very credit worthy and obviously a very successful actor and a very successful businessman, and really, it's sad,' Clark said. 'It's sad for anybody who's successful but can no longer pay their bills. This was not a fun thing to do, and hopefully I'll never have to do it again.'" Pay the bill, Sonny, or, urlLink you belong to the city , Don, the city of Aspen's penitentiary. Comment here or urlLink VH1's BWE Blog

