 YOU MUST BE FUCKING KIDDING ME Do you want to know what the big fucking surprise was on "Average Joe: Hawaii"? The big fucking surprise on "Average Joe: Hawaii" was that she fucking used to go out with Fabio. No fucking way that was our surprise. I was expecting cancer. I was expecting "i've got herpes." I was at least expecting "i've got another boyfriend back home." But NOT "My exboyfriend is Fabio." Who the fuck cares? Honestly, first of all, that's not something I would make public. Why did her hunk leave? Why did that matter? Honestly, somebody tell me. Was I screaming "No fucking way!" too loud that I missed it? I feel so robbed by the producers of the series. Note to producers: Next time you say "there will be a big fucking surprise" i want you to bring Fabio TO THE SET to fuck the girl infront of the guy she choose while his hair is blowing whistfully in the wind. That would be slightly shocking.

 DEAR JOHNNY DEPP Dear Johnny Depp, Why are you so hot? Why must you taunt and tease all of us women who are not married to you (and who do not have your babies) with your total and utter hotness? Despite your hair being over ironed straight, and despite the fact that you have "wino forever" tatted up on your arm, and despite the fact that you have yet to donate your dna to "hotness research," i still love you. This is a love that grows stronger every day. Oh Johnny Depp, how i wish i saw that band that you're in. I would've been up front like I am at Franz Ferdinand and Killers shows and been going "You guys are awesome!" Please let me touch you.

 COACHELLA HELLA HELLA WORD OK, I'm off to Coachella where, if you're going, you might spot me doing urlLink this at some point. You may also see me falling into about 40 thousand epileptic seizures due to the heat and incredible line up. I am not sure my heart can handle seeing Radiohead and the Pixies back to back, and then Muse and the Killers back to back, but if I die I'll be listening to The Killers as I float up to the heavens. If you're looking for something to do tonight, I'm DJing at urlLink Pianos from 10-11pm. urlLink Karen promised to bring the Cooper Temple Clause by so i can see their hair up close, but I might be gone by the time they get there. Tonight will be a good night for you to "accidently" spill drinks on me incase I accidently spilled a drink on you in the past while i was drunk... or, if you know, if you walked at full speed into me causing you to spill your drink on yourself and got offended when i said "hey, watch out" in a cautionary voice because i dont really like to be run over by pedetrians, and it happens a lot since i'm really really short. Or if you were one of those innocent people who got hit by my drive-by beer shower at urlLink misshapes last week. I am SO sorry about that! If you're gonna be in town this weekend, i strongly urge you to check out a band called urlLink Snowden at Plaid on April 30 or Pianos on May 1. I'm really sad that i'll be missing them and urlLink Jasper informs me that they're fantastic live. I suggest you at least check out: urlLink "Kill The Power" , especially if you've liked anything I've ever recommended. Alright. Say hi to me if you see me at Coachella! Bye!

 RASTERBATING IS FUN FOR EVERYONE! My room is awesomely haunted now. I sort of want to do this to every wall of my apartment. so much fun. So much awesome. Ian Curtis watches me watch TV. Go urlLink here if you want to try your hand at this really easy way to spice up your room for next to nothing. you can take any image you want, blow it up, and print it on your printer using regular paper. it makes your image into pixels over as many sheets as you want (mine was about 56 sheets), and then you just tape them together. it's really simple. i recommend it to everyone!

 MAZZEL TAZZLE! JASON AND DEBBI ROTH ARE PREGGERS! Sometimes I wish the world was as gorgeous as a British Sea Power song. I have no idea when I got so emotastic, but let me just sit and love on them for a minute. If, on our ascent to the pearly gates, any of us gets a pick of what we want for our soundtrack, I think today I would say "Please, St. John or Paul or whoever you are, please hook me up with some BSP." Tomorrow I might pick urlLink Franz Ferdinand or urlLink Interpol , or any other band I'm growing increasingly retarded for, but today, today I'm requesting God hooks me up with British Sea Power. Since I'm on a BSP kick, I decided that I would take a moment to see if the friendly neighborhood photographer, Jasper, had any photos of them on his site. The thing about the way urlLink Jasper takes photographs is that he makes every band look like they'll be as wonderful and majestic as urlLink British Sea Power , yet he's never shot the band, and if he has, he hasn't graced us with their photos. Obviously, the other photos he has up there are well worth you wasting about a half hour trying to decide which one you wanted to urlLink Rasterbate . I've sort of been obsessed with urlLink this image for some time, so last night, I did some rasterbation to it. After I resterbated, I went to Pastis to meet up with Lance Crapo (whose name I'm putting here in full so when people google him they'll know the company he keeps). We had a lovely dinner outdoors and caught up on things as the wind blew receipts into our food and dust in his eyes. I never get to see Mr. Crapo these days, so the times I do are never long enough. Somehow he managed to push the right button on me which left me no choice but to attempt to do a round house kick to his head while standing in the intersection of 14th and Hudson as cabs tried to drive on. Naturally, because he's a ninja, he managed to capture my foot in mid swing, inches from his head. I wouldn't have kicked him hard, but just enough to teach him a lesson. Moments later we were standing outside of Lotus so we could attend some party for the anti-Mc Donalds movie "Supersize Me," that his brother's company did the distribution for. Things that make me really happy today: 1. Jason Roth, the esteemed PR dude at Capitol Records, is pregnant! Well, not him, but his wife, Debbi. And she wouldn't have become pregnant if it weren't for him. Anyway, Jason is one of the greats in this world. You know the type: fun to be around, really funny, easy going, smart... his wife Debbi is his perfect match because she's all those things as well, but with boobs and now, with baby! The thought of them being parents makes me want to cry happy tears. That baby is going to be so lucky, especially since I promised to baby-sit it whenever they want. By the way, that's them on the left. 2. I saw a dog in a wheelchair this morning. It was this adorable blonde, long haired pug with bad hips that had this sort of cart for it's hind legs since the poor pooch had trouble walking otherwise. The dogwalker told me that the dog's doctor suggested to the owners that they put the dog down, they went for a second opinion, and now the doggie is happily wheeling itself around the lower east side licking the pee off trees. I wanted to kiss it's nose so bad. 3. 10 feet later, a dog walked by with a baseball cap on. Anyway... Links time! Teachers really need to urlLink calm the fuck down . It's a pity the images weren't put on the net as well. urlLink Alex says: "Bush really BOGGLES my mind." I saw urlLink this dude on the Today Show this morning and predict it will be about 20 days until he gets a TV gig. Fuck urlLink dry humping . Or is it, fuck, don't dry hump? I say, spoon. But that's cause I'm a prude. urlLink Morning Theft is playing at Pianos tonight at 9pm. I suggest you go see them now while you still have a chance. A couple days ago urlLink Karen posted a link to new urlLink Killers video . I'm so behind on things, that i'm only now posting about it, but I'd like you all to watch it for one simple reason: there's a moment when there's this insane close up on Mark the bassist's package. It cause my office to squeal in delight and cause my jaw to drop. I'm not one to normally notice such things (who am I kidding?), but the cock shot is just not to be missed. Anyway, Karen and I will probably end up stalking Mark's package when the Killers join their new BFF Morrissey on the Lallapalooza tour. Also, the Cooper Temple Clause have officially set up camp at Karen's house. I wonder if she's doing their hair while they're there. Over at urlLink the Daily Refill , the totally hot Jennifer has posted a link to a urlLink ballad about Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen that is not to be missed. Last, but not least, as some of you may have noticed, someone at the Black Table posted something about my lovely imagery of puking on ones mouth and then swallowing said puke out of excitement. I have since had correspondence with this writer. All is fine and lovely. I'm hoping she'll live up to my request that she think of me the day she pukes in her mouth and swallows it out of excitement.

 MY _____ ROMANCE I got the 4-track album sampler for My Chemical Romance today and it reduced me to tears. It's unbelievably good. As my friend (who shall remain anonymous until he says it's ok) put it, it's like water in the desert for kids. Thank God i never went urlLink this psycho.

 THINGS YOU DISCOVER WHEN YOU'RE TOO DRUNK TO SLEEP AND VH1 IS THE ONLY THING FUN TO WATCH 1. Gwen Stefani is really, really, really pretty. Dear God. I'm 24 right now and Gwen is about 10 years older then me. Do you think you could see to it that I age as well as she did? Her skin is really nice and she doesn't have any crows feet and she has nice teeth and she's skinny and she's a lot prettier then she knows when she's not wearing make up. Could you please give me like 10% of that? Also, she's so pretty, God, so good work with that. 2. Hoobastank's "The Reason" (not the album, the single) is actually quite good. On a normal day, I really dislike Hoobastank. Not only do i dislike their name (which is embarrassingly awful), but I typically dislike their songs. I find them pretty awful and redundant... but thankfully the modern rock ballad is allowed to be just that: redundand and awful, and still be great. There are so many awful modern rock hits in this world, but they're great, come on, you know it. And to prove that i'm not crazy (at least not alone), the other day urlLink Karen recieved a text message from me asking "who is that band doing the OC commercial song?" and then a few days later, after i found out who it was (and left her a text message at 3 am letting her know as well), she saw the same commercial and commented to herself that she loved the song and wondered who it was. And then it clicked. HOOBADOOBASTANK. Word. 3. OK, i just got the new Chris Rock special from OnDemand. Time to stop blogging. Night.

 MAYBE I WAS TOO DRUNK... But I didn't see Micah (who is featured in the animated picture below) dancing at urlLink Misshapes . However!, i did see the one and only urlLink Uncle Grambo and even danced with him to Blur and some other jawns. I wont even mention the extreme elimination dorkness that was at Pianos earlier in the night (if you want a hint, there were bloggers from all over the country gathered upstairs... i mean, all over), but I will say that holyshit, bloggers go to the bathroom a lot, and in numbers... together. I guess they like to watch each other pee. Misshapes is fun. Oxycodone/contin is bad. And I'm still obsessed with the Iron Chef. Tonight's challenge? Oxtail. Yum. Maybe tomorrow they'll use frog guts.

 GET READY TO BE BUMMED urlLink Denali has broken up. Here's a statement from their site: Hey everyone. We would like to start this by thanking all the fans who have supported us, listened to our music, and came out to our shows. Without you, Denali would not have existed. Unfortunately, due to differences in the band Denali cannot continue in the current state. This was an amazing experience for all of us, but it's time to move on and try something new. Please keep checking Denalimusic.com for updates, future announcements, and to pick up the remaining merchandise. We hope Denali has meant as much to our fans as our fans have meant to us. Thank you all so much. We also want to offer our sincerest apologies to Cursive, Darkest Hour, Mike Park, and everyone involved with the Plea for Peace tour for being unable to participate in something we believe in and felt extremely lucky to be doing. With deepest gratitude, apologies, and appreciation, Denali

 QUICK BITS I might not have enough time to give a really meaty update today, so i'm just mentioning some quick things: New York City's favorite teenage band, urlLink Surefire , will be playing on Saturday at the urlLink Misshapes party at 10:30pm. They're not even old enough to dance there -- i'm not joking, they're like, sorting out prom dates at the moment or something -- but they're so fucking cute, oh, and they rock. My favorite Asian bassist, Alex Chow from urlLink The Madison Strays , will be DJing with Ryan Rayhill. If you go here, you'll be happy... cause drinks are cheap. Sometimes, I wonder if people like the movie TRON urlLink way too much . I like Pitchfork, but some of you might enjoy urlLink Rich Dork . Link from my future husband Chris Kelly. Kirk Cameron loves urlLink God . Link from Gabrielle! Check out urlLink a cover of Brit's "Toxic" that These Bones did. Need money? urlLink Here's a fun and creative way to get some. Link from Adam Mandel. I saw urlLink Inouk last night. They were great and reminded me of Dexy's Midnight Runners meets Edith Piaf, but not at all. I will discuss this band/show further at a later time. I'm listening to new urlLink Giant Drag songs right now. Holy fuck. Have you all checked them out yet or what? They're unbelievable. They sound like a poppier Mazzy Star with elements of My Bloody Valentine thrown in. Sometimes Annie sings a bit like a mellow Kurt Cobain, and there's a song on here called "YFLMD" which stands for "You Fuck Like My Dad" and there's a line in one song that goes "Your dream, is my nightmare" ... which doesn't sound all that impressive here on this blog, but the way she sings it is just unreal. This is a band to watch.

 BEST NEWS EVER Friends, co-workers, internerds. I have some fantastic news that will surely make you fucking stoked. Donnie Darko is urlLink coming back to the theaters with 20 extra minutes of footage! I just did that thing where I puked in my mouth and swallowed, that's how excited I am. For those of you who might have overlooked Donnie Darko thinking it was just another Drew Barrymoore vehicle for silly teen horror movies, you're wrong. DD is a wonderfully tortured science fiction teen movie that takes place in the 80s and features music by Joy Division, Echo and the Bunnymen, the Church, and much more. I think I cried the first time I saw it and even bought a DVD player just so i could watch it over and over again. Horay.

 STOP COLLABORATE AND LISTEN I just found out that the Killers will be opening up for Morrissey in LA this Thursday and next Tuesday. All I can think is that Killer Brandon must be having a non-stop boner party of one. I have a rumor from a very good source that Morrissey heard "Somebody Told Me" on KROQ and called his manager and said he wanted whoever wrote that song to open for him. You can listen to the song that made the Mozzer quiver urlLink here . Yeah, so don't get any crazy ideas that Moz reads blogs or anything. OK? Do you hear me you stupid little cunt with short legs and a fat ass? Nobody reads your blog. Especially not Morrissey. Only the members of Pitty Sing read you blog so they can track down your every move and figure a way to slay you in the streets. Sorry. I went off for a moment. Aren't the members of the Killers cute? I will marry one of them. Mark my words. Pun intended. Last night I went to seen Snow Patrol with Nate-not-the-roommate, urlLink Karen , and some big wigs from SPIN who supplied me with more beer then I could handle. I didn't actually attend the show with Karen as she refused to be seen in public with me, worried that people would find out about our torrid affair. So we sent text messages the whole time talking about how much we'd like to engage in a gang bang with the members of Snow Patrol. As the publisher of SPIN told me last night when my drunken ramblings were on full speed: TMI. I've decided that I want a penis. I want one of my very own that I could use to procreate the world with. I dont mean that I want one that is attached to a boy, but one that is attached to me. A part of me. I want to be a boy. I'm sick of this girl thing. It's annoying and retarded and useless and my thighs grow whenever I eat carbs and I'm sick of that. I'm going to be a boy one day, mark my words. I've been listening to Rival Schools' "Undercovers On" on repeat all day to celebrate my fantasy of being a double agent. Jordan has urlLink a blog that's pretty funny. He's also: hot, jewish, 20 years old, and has great hair. He lives in Detroit and is single. Ladies of D-town, jump his bones. Raphael is on the TRL Front page . He's the FAN OF THE WEEK !!! Ladies of NYC (and Miami for this weekend), Raphael is single, willing, and able. He's also the best dancer in the Lower East Side. Speaking of MTV, please vote for urlLink stellastarr* 's video for "My Coco" by going urlLink here . I'm in the video! And so is the band.

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALLISON MANN

 WE ONLY WORK WHEN WE NEED THE MONEY What a weekend. I had one of those really great weekends when nothing is totally planned out, yet everything seems to fall into place just right. Friday night, due to technical difficulties, i was unable to return to NJ for shabbat dinner with the family. Instead, as i was sleepily heading home, i was beckoned by Imran to join him for the Johnathan Rice show at HousingWorks. J.Rice's shows are just getting better and better by the day... I think i've seen him about 6 times already and I'm never bored. Jason Roth pointed out that JR was wearing a blue tuxedo jacket to prepare for our wedding. After the show Imran and I headed out for some mexican dinner, got drunk off sangria, and walked to the west village for some drinks with Tracey, Lizzy, and Sia, where I went on to help Marc take care of 2 bottles of Moet. JR and his posse of folk singers (including grammy award winner Jesse Harris) came to meet us and we all ended up getting into a near fist fight with the group sitting behind us after JR and I kept on throwing remains of a bouquet of gladiolas that i gave Marc at them. They were being really loud and we were being really drunk. They threw some stems back at us, but unfortunately their aim was way off and it ended up hitting some random dude. Exhausted, we piled in a cab and headed off to some east village bar on st. marks called St. something or other. I am not sure how I got home, but judging from a voice mail i received on saturday, I was put into a cab by a 20 year old scottish boy. The next morning I went to meet up with Jason and his roommate Mike on 34th to see the cinematic masterpiece, urlLink Saved . OK, now Uncle Grambo is urlLink yapping about how Michael Stipe's duet with Mandy Moore on "God Only Knows" is a really bad idea, but he will eat his words when he actually sees the dark comedy. For one thing, Mandy is absolutely amazing in it -- I find her to be terribly underrated as an actress -- and so i think this will be some what of a break out role for her. Secondly, the cover, which plays at the beginning of the movie, is actually fantastic and totally tongue in cheek. Might it be slight Born Again Christian propaganda? Yes. Do I care? Are you kidding? by the end i was like, Praise the Lord!... for such a great film. Thank you Jason for taking me! urlLink Watch the trailer . Speaking of Jesus, anyone see "Divas 2004" last night? urlLink This is what urlLink Robbie Williams was doing when Jessica Simpson performed his "everywhere but the USA" hit, "Angels." Sunday morning I woke up totally hung over from the night before when I DJed at Opaline for the party where everyone walked around in their undies. I was up by 8:30 am, but didnt manage to get out of my bed until 1:30. Had a smoke and wondered down to the Clinton Street Bakery for Brunch. People of NYC, if you haven't tried the brunch at Clinton Street Bakery yet, you must. Now. Yesterday. ASAP. Skip work and go eat there tomorrow. Just go. Anyway, I went alone cause the hangover rendered me retarded. I think I'm going deaf cause my friend said that he spent about 2 or 3 minutes saying my name before i turned around. Must keep my hearing. Music too pretty. The thing i love about nyc is that you can just wonder around alone and find something fun to do. So I did just that. Found Vicki at a park. Decided that i'd walk over to fez to see if i could make a reservation for the Sarah Silverman show (it was sold out when i got there), ran into Hal who was waiting for urlLink Jason and invited me to join them. I went off to walk around st. marks, bought some clothes, found out the show was sold out, found hal and jason. Joined them for a bit. Walked towards my house and ran into a couple more people i know. Then went over to Pianos to see Dennis Cahlo perform. Dennis is getting fucking awesome. I liked his stuff loads when it was just him and the acoustic guitar, but last night was my first time seeing him with a guitar player and totally electricized. Great lighting, great sound... and best of all, fantastic lyrics. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is: I love this city. And now for some slightly random links. Remember SQUIRT TV on MTV? Well, Jake Fogelnest (or Mr. Squirt as he asks his friends to call him) promises that urlLink something is coming . Don't miss THE FACE magazine? Maybe urlLink this cover and photographs of Wino Forever will help you. Franz Ferdinand urlLink edited the Guardian and put in urlLink a gash and a penis . Is Thom Yorke standing on a box urlLink in this photo or is it a matter of depth perception? You decide. You can get the poster of that image at urlLink WASTE headquarters . Wanna go to NYU? Prepare to urlLink homeless by reading this dude's blog. urlLink

 HANG THE DJ Hello. I'm DJing at urlLink Opaline on saturday night at midnight. Please come.

 SO...? OK, so i know that a bunch of you attended the fucking amazing Muse show last night. What did you all think? I think my head exploded at like forty different moments. Did anyone notice that Matt played the guitar over his head? Did anyone notice how fucking amazing they are? Holy fucking crap.

 THE NEW SCOTTISH GENTRY You all might know about urlLink Barry , my once-teenaged Scottish boyfriend from Glasgow who looks like Nick Jago of BRMC and speaks in an accent so thick that he could only be understood when: 1. Drunk 2. Drunker Well, the reason why Barry won my heart and the hearts of many of my friends was through his writing. Ah yes, Barry writes words like Mozart writes a symphony. Once apon a time, it was only through purchasing issues of the NME or recieving lengthy emails that one could read Barry's musings, but now, my friends, now urlLink Barry has a blog . Feast your eyes on it. I should add that he writes that blog with another person who lives in London who would rather go uncredited... this person is referred to as "London."

 STOCKHOLM SYNDROME urlLink Wanna take a bunch of cute little kiddies to Sweden?

 A NEW YORK MINUTE First thing's first: This morning I was watching TV and they had a commercial for the theatrical debut of the next Olsen Twins movie. It looks so good, I'm not even kidding. Last night I had some "Break the Bread" Passover's over dinner at Thai On Clinton with some usual suspects ( urlLink Brian , urlLink Lindsay , Greg the Boyfriend, Ben, etc.). We discussed such wonderful dinner topics as "sex in the bathroom" and "sex in a corner booth" and "how to raise your two year old" and "Payas: Bringing home a jew girl to your jewish parents and passing her off as your girlfriend (the beard)." Afterwards Elliot and I hopped into a cab and jetted off to the Secret Machines/Blonde Redhead show at Bowery. I can't believe how un-stoned I was for this show. I showed up more sober then I've been in ages and was like "whoa. so this is what the secret machines sounds like when i'm sober? Awesome." They're totally Flaming Lips meets the Queens of the Stoneage stoner rock that sounds as good with your eyes closed as open (which is convenient when you're 5'1 and can't see anyway), but I'd just like to give extra props to the low budget lighting set up that was actually way better then most lighting set ups i've ever seen. Basically it was like their accountant said "OK, we've got only enough in our budget to afford a kingsized bedding sheet and three spotlights." At one point the backlight lit so perfectly making their silhouettes glow with an almost angel like quality. I was happy that I opened my eyes for that part. Anyway, here are a bunch of links that you may or may not enjoy. urlLink Live video footage of a couple songs that Muse managed perform at the Atlanta show before Matt Bellamy split open his face. urlLink An update on the status of the cell phone attempted robbery hottie. For those of us needing a little Lloyd Dobbler in our lives, now you can urlLink wear him . Looks like Nicole Richie and Justin Guarini are getting hitched. urlLink Buy them a gift . Ewan on a hog for his new urlLink tv show . For those of us who wondered "Could Franz Ferdinand's Alex Kapranos get any hotter?" the answer is clear. Stick him in a school boy outfit and he actually gets hotter. Check out their new urlLink video for "Dark of the Matinee" . If that link doesn't work, try urlLink this one . And then there's the British Sea Power urlLink video for "Childhood Memories" that my brother Lawrence is freaking out over. There's something absolutely perfect about BSP that makes me really fucking happy to be alive. When I was 19 or 20 I was totally obsessed with a little group called Soulwax, then they became the international DJ duo known as 2ManyDJs. Finally they've recorded original material that you can hear urlLink here . [link via urlLink Fluxblog For those who want to know what college is really like... urlLink go here . I went to the Fashion Institute of Technology. It was awful. I've blocked it out of my mind so much that I'd rather tell people that I didn't even go. Finally, urlLink JasonProductShopNYC was kind enough to urlLink put up a link to where you can download last night's Pixies show. Unfortunately, i have no idea how to work "bit torrent", so if anyone can help...

 DECLARE THIS AN EMERGENCY ROOM VISIT Everyone's been emailing me to find out if the NYC Muse show at Bowery Ballroom is still on. Well, my sources say it's a go. So hold tight to your tickets and be sure to check out the opening band urlLink The Exit (I'm wearing their tshirt today actually). urlLink This video shows what happened in Atlanta that is causing all the worry and fuss. Poor boy. Thanks to urlLink Paul Hanly for the link.

 YOUR COVER IS A WONDERLAND Alright, alright, alright. I know that John Mayer's cover of "Kid A" is about 4 years old. I got an MP3 of it before any of his singles even hit the radio waves and engulfed us with thoughts of wonderland-like bodies belonging to Jennifer Love Hewitt because I used to be insanely obsessed with Radiohead and would sit on napster all day long looking for Radiohead covers. (Actually, I remember now that Daniel the Orthodox Jew sent me a copy of the mp3 cause he's got the inside track on shit like that.) Anyway, back then I thought the cover was fantastic and today I still think that the cover is beautiful. I know it's not particularly "cool" to like John Mayer, but fuck being cool. Maybe it is cool. Maybe it's so uncool that it's back to being cool again. Either way, I'm treating this cover as an isolated incident. I got it today in the mail from Columbia as part of some sort of 5 song EP for "Clarity". Try to find it. I promise all Radiohead fans that it's worth it and not total sacrilege. If you disagree, which you might, please feel to post your thoughts in my comments section. Here's a urlLink killer surprise for you.

 SHOT THROUGH THE HEART Actually, just shot for a cell phone. How cute is the boy on the cover of today's urlLink New York Post ? Poor kid got shot twice for his cell phone. I tried to find him on friendster to send him my warm wishes, but alas, he's not there.

 ALWAYS CRASHING THE SAME CAR If you liked urlLink Marc Spitz 's novel How Soon Is Never? (which most people do) then you'll probably want to know what Mr. Spitz is up to next. Here you go: urlLink details about his new book . I'm stoked. Still in Miami. I baby sat my cousin's 20 month old daughter last night and fell asleep while watching "Iron Chef." Watching them prepare live octopus made me puke in my mouth a little bit. They squirm for like 20 minutes after their heads have been chopped off and their tentacles have been sliced up. Just moving and squirming for dear life. Yum. I think. Octopus isn't kosher.

 C'MON ITS TIME FOR SOMETHING BIBLICAL T-Minus a couple of days before Muse play NYC and the Mystery Girls in Philly have emailed me saying they bought me a ticket to the Kyber show and are insisting i come down for that. The offer is enticing. Passover in Miami has been a lot more work then expected. My mom has been working me and my brothers non stop (the amount this woman can cook and clean is shocking), and my tan just isn't happening. I'm looking out my window right now and there's a pretty heavy overcast at the moment, but the beach is about 50 feet away, so the second some clouds decide to part ways I'm running out the door. All of my family -- from my mom's sisters and brother and cousins to my dad's sisters and brothers and cousins -- is here in the same apartment complex. They sit by the pool talking in arabic and nagging about something or talking about their kids. My cousins -- who are my age -- are either looking for husbands or schlepping their kids around. Adorable kids. I can't keep track of their names half the time, but thankfully most of the boys under the age of 15 are named Morris. My first night in Miami I went with my brother to a sort of Matzah Ball at Tantra. It was like a meat market for Syrian Jews from Brooklyn who were all there to meet their future husbands and wives. I was pretty much the outcast of the bunch because I never attend these functions so nobody knows my deal. I guess it's for the best since I'm not really in the market for a husband... despite my mom's begging. A few of my cousins showed up and it was awesome seeing them because I dont really get to that often... but after a couple hours of the untz untz, i had to go home. The following night I met up with one of Brian's friend's, Monica, at a party called Spider Pussy. It was a total nyc party with cute kids dancing to indie rock and new wave. Josh from Revolver, whom i had met a couple months earlier at Lit, was there and we hung out a lot of the night. He invited me to DJ for a bit the next night (last night) at Revolver, which was fucking nice as shit, so after shabbat dinner with my family Lawrence and I drove to the design district and partied it up tiswas style over there. Revolver is a totally fantastic party that's probably the sanctuary for most Miami kids who would rather listen to the white stripes then ace of base. All my friends who have either lived in miami or visited insisted that i check it out and i'm so glad they did. I had a fucking great time and Josh is a great host. I haven't seen a club with such a great set up in so long that I was in club design heaven. Plus, the DJs were totally fantastic and everyone was so nice and all the girls had fucking fantastic little bodies that -- even me and my raging heterosexuality -- was like, whoa. My bro fell in love with this mohawked lesbian who made his night by making out with another girl and then taking off her top. Miami is awesome. Not sure what's happening today in my little adventures in Passover. Hopefully the sun will come out, i'll sit underneath it with my 20% russian blood trying to hold on to the incredibly fair skin that i have, and tan. Viva Skin Cancer!

 GOLDEN GIRLS AND ME So i think this is gonna be the last time I blog before going to Miami for a week -- Unless someone in my family brings a laptop... which is totally possible. However, not sure postings like "sat on the beach today and got a little sunburnt, lizzy is gonna be pissed. my mom made stuffed peppers. yum. my name is sarah and i've been sober for too long at this point" would be all that interesting. Last night I had such an amazing time at the very very dark Centrofly. I carried around a plastic champagne flute because on some vh1 special that i saw earlier that day, they were saying that the new pimping accessory for hip hops stars to have is a goblet displaying the owner's wealth. I felt like a plastic flute said a lot about me: broke and cheap. Anyway, I danced to Audrey and Dennis' DJ set and really got blown away by Bastion and the Madison Strays. The MS are getting better with every show and Belvy's voice and stage presence is really starting to shine. Plus, Alex Chow's new haircut = total buzz. DJing with Mike Joyce and Andy Rourke was really fun. At one point they came up to the DJ booth during my set to prepare for theirs so I dropped "Bigmouth Strikes Again" anticipating their reaction. Thankfully it was totally positive. Mike grabbed my waist and started dancing and singing along with me. It was totally surreal, but perhaps not as surreal by the numerous kisses the dude planted on my drunken head. They were friendly kisses. Very friendly kisses. The kind of kisses that my brother normally saves his "my fist/your face" looks for. At one point he walked me into a corner of the DJ booth -- I was stepping backwards and tripped over someone's jacket and knocked my head really fucking hard on some wood, and nearly blacked out for a moment actually -- as he reached down to help me up he said "I'm so sorry, I was just trying to give you a hug!" i replied "that's alright, you gave me a concussion instead!" I hugged him goodbye and thanked him for being in the band that saved mylife "well, you and radiohead and nirvana all saved my life... so thanks so much!". I'm older now, and a clever swine, but they were the only ones who ever stood by me.

 ... ON BEING KILLED I'm finally updating. I'm going to Miami next week to spend an Atkins friendly Passover with my family and working on my (un)healthy glow. If you know of anything going on next week in Miami please post it here incase I get bored of looking at the waves and my family's faces. I'll be rocking the potato vodka, holla! Wednesday I went to see urlLink the Killers , urlLink Ambulance LTD. , and urlLink stellastarr* at Irving Plaza with urlLink Karen . I seriously can't get enough of the Killers. I want to take a month off work and follow them around like a fucking deadhead smelly hippy or something. If the urlLink Franz Ferdinand show was a homoerotic experience (it was), then the Killers show was the straight equivalent. I just danced around with the biggest stupidest grin on my face for the rest of the night and felt like I had just given birth to a gorgeous baby of rock that i quickly disposed of in a dumpster so could continue my night. I want to stick the members of the Killers (and their roadie and thier manager) in a box and keep them there so i could poke them every hour or so and be like "give me love," and they'd promptly start singing and playing their instruments and I'd dance around and scream "you guys are awesome!" until i had to get back to work. Ambulance LTD were also quite great. I haven't seen them perform for almost a year and I was just in such a good mood after the Killers that they could've put on a shitty show and I would've been floating... but luckily they actually put on a lovely show. I felt like i was in some sort of sixties movie about california or something. And then stellastarr*.... Dear stellastarr*, i have a problem with you. WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU SO FUCKING GOOD? It's criminal. I used to go see them play at Luna and Arlene's and they were great then and I was like "they're great now. they'll get better." but their show blew my expectations. My brother, naturally, was bouncing around like a monkey on a trampoline with Seth. I think they enjoyed the show more then anyone. Also, their new song, "On My Own" (not to be confused with the american tale song sung by fivel), is fucking great. That was my first time hearing it and Killer Brandon had warned me that that song chokes him up each time. I started tearing up and looked behind me at Nina and Gina and started hugging them. Oh, the love. The after party was open bar and since I was DJing I didn't really have to pay. So i played a bunch of songs and danced around like I had a seizure (in my head, i can totally dance), drank a lot. People bought me drinks, which was fucking great, thank you to those people. Killer Dave and his tight pants showed up with Killer Wyatt and we danced with Mandystarr*, my brother, urlLink Audrey and urlLink Brian (whom I flashed my troll-like ass to at some point), and Karen finally met urlLink Scott . Not in that order. I think i just bloggerfucked. Fuck. Blogga, please. I'll drop as many blogs as i want. Watch me! We're all a bunch of nerds anyway. Including the DJing, I was in full on work mode since I'm doing a "making out with ultragrrrl" for the three bands... the ironic thing about my column is that I don't actually make out with anyone. For one thing, i'm not allowed to for ethical reasons (which I'm actually quite interested in being -- ethical), and secondly, despite the way I write and talk about bands, i've been known to run far away from boys who play instruments. I just don't date musicians (I'm even more scared of dating actors). This makes my job so null of temptation. Now if I had to cover unemployed artists with "substance abuse problems" for a living... I may have a problem on my hands. As far as my parents are concerned, I only date Doctors. Hey Andy . Last night I went on this Booze Bus thing that SPIN organized. It was basically a bus full of high end sneakers by Royal Elastic, put on display like it was an A-Life shoe store, and college students who were visiting SPIN from RIT, and a bunch of people who work here, and a lot of booze and the urlLink Ravonettes . It was one of the more bizarre work experiences I've ever had and I was trying hard to channel my 17 year old self who would've thought that working at SPIN was like this every day of the week. It sort of is, but replace the bus with my work desk, the booze with coffee, the sneakers with cds, and the ravonettes with Tracey Pepper and Sia Michels. Not really bad actually! Cept, in my fantasy nobody laughs when I say "Muse is one of the best bands out there." Then I went to Irving Plaza to meet up with Craig from the fine University of Connecticut. I had to duck into a bar to use the bathroom which overflowed like a horror film or something. I had just enough time to wash my hands and run out, tell the bar guy "dude, the toilet's broke." When I went outside i started telling Craig what happened when some totally cute boy walked by and said "why don't you blog about it?" So here I am. Really, i'm only blogging about it cause i thought it was funny that some random kid said something. I'm pretty open to suggestion sometimes. So Craig and I went to Link to eat dinner and drink some beers and then met up with Sarah Wilson at Irving Plaza so we could swoon over the urlLink Walkmen . J'adore le Walkmen! I have no idea why, but Hamilton reminds me a bit of Mary J. Blige when he sings. I think i just think of MJB's performance on some VH1 special a few years back that seemed so desperate and wonderful and there's something about the way Hamilton sings that's very much like that. To me at least. Strangely, it was the Walkmen that made me love Radiohead less. They were doing things that Radiohead stopped doing after OK Computer . What I mean is, there was something missing with Kid A ... like humanity. OK Computer changed my life completely. It's because of that album that I took working in the field of music seriously (in all honesty, it was my goal to meet Thom Yorke as a teenager so i could thank him profusely for filling some void that I didnt even know needed to be filled). There were endless mistakes on OK Computer that made them seem pure, and it seemed like there were none on Kid A . Or the sparkle was gone. Something. The Walkmen tho, they were doing something pure and organic. They sound like a drunken night in love. But you know, maybe my taste just changed. Is it weird that i still love Muse? Alright. Time for me to go home so I can have shabbat dinner with my family and kiss my doggy on her nose and hear my dad say "i dont understand what happened... you used to be so ... skinny." and hear my mom say "it's all the drinking you're doing." and then hear my brother say "yeah, you drink like a fish." and then talk to urlLink Laura on AIM about teenage boys. urlLink Here's The Exorcist in 30 seconds, re-enacted by bunnies for a special rabbit loving friend of mine.

 SECOND SPINOFF! I now have a second spin off! This is exciting. Yesterday my friend Niki moved in and started a urlLink blog of her own . As she blogs, my book shelf collapsed, my cell phone dropped in the can, and i probably managed to have a third fuck up along the way that I forgot to take note of, because, things happen in threes, right? I went to urlLink Misshapes last night to dance and dance some more. I ended up staying until 4:15 am cause the DJs were just pumping out the hits. Anytime "Violet" by Hole gets played, you know you can't go -- not just yet. I met Andrew, the bassist of urlLink Pitty Sing , last night. Told him how much I fucking loved his EP and apologized for the not-so-pleasant review I once gave his band's live show. The EP is really fucking good and I wish them the best of luck. I suggest you get it asap. Or at least check out any song clips on their site. They're kinda like Frankie Goes To Hollywood-ish... and i mean that in a really good way. Right now urlLink Lindsay is playing OK Computer . I fucking love that album more then ... stuff.

 I'M NOT OKAY Go to urlLink My Chemical Romance's website to see their new video for "I'm Not Okay (I Promise)" (it's in the pop-up window by the way). You can also hear about 3 of their new songs, and I'd like to recommend "Helena." That song is unbelievably good. Umm... I should probably warn you that MCR is what some might call "Extremo" ... only really really really good and people who like Muse might actually appreciate them.

 EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT It's friday and memorial day weekend and I want to go home. So I wont be able to give a full and chunky recap of last night. I saw urlLink The Bravery last night at Arlene's Grocery. It was the last show of their month-long residencey and the place was PACKED with industry. So much so, that I had to sneak in when the door person turned her back, and my friend Paul had to sneak in by going through the backstage entrance. urlLink Karen and urlLink Jenny couldn't even get in. From what I over heard, there were 75 industry names on the list, including label presidents and I recognized half the A&R guys in there from back when I was urlLink managing urlLink bands . So you're probably wondering what they sounds like... right? OK, so they're basically very similar to urlLink The Killers . There are three mp3s on the site that you can listen to that are really great. Anyway, watching them, with thier Tears for Fears hair, Adam Ant haircut, I felt like I was my brother in 1986 or something. Not bad and no complaints coming from this blogger... I gotta wonder tho, was this frenzy caused by the expected success of the Killers? Anyway, it's interesting to see how waves of music travel. After that, Paul and I hopped over to Bar 13 where I was DJing for the 4th Anniversary party. urlLink Photos Here . I caught some of the Unisex Salon show, and they were ALSO very great. It was like a great night of random rockshows! I played tunes and tried to dance and get into it, but a sort of situation was in front of me that made me sort of not in the mood. It might've actually been accented by the Red Bull i drank before arriving (which i tried to counter act with two beers... that didn't do the trick). I also found myself leaving richer then when I arrived ... which was without a cent to my name, so i was pretty happy. However some girl tried to beat me up when she saw me and urlLink Greg dancing. I had no choice but to laugh. I wasn't about to shed any blood on the dance floor, and I'm a good fighter. Anyway, I don't want anymore drama in my life, certainly not any of the physical variety. There are like a thousand other elements to this story that include pinky swear promises that were forgotten moments later and you know, things of that variety that sent me running out of the club by a 2:45. Tis a pity since I was having a fucking great time and Michael T was spinning a killer set. I'm DJing on Sunday night at DON HILLS. Please come. It'll be really fun and it's super cheap. Click urlLink Here for more info. Bunch of bands. Cheap drinks. Dancing naked girls. Good times.

 PROCESSING I'm still trying to process last night. Once it's been through the head about 94 times, i'll be able to blog. The strange thing about me is that I never over analyze anything. I'm like a dude that way... but sometimes your nights present something that's very confusing.

 PLEASE urlLink Uncle Grambo , will you please fix your blog? I'm not sure I can last another day without buzz. The same goes for you, urlLink Scott !

 This morning was one of those mornings when I woke up and looked at the ceiling thinking "Where does this story begin? How did i get here?" To be honest, I wrote that sentence a few hours ago and have the worst case of ADD today that I just haven't been able to write beyond that line. Now I've had a cup of coffee and am gonna try my best. So I forced urlLink Karen to drop her plans and join me for the Living Things/Velvet Revolver show at Roseland that night. Her plans, previously, had consisted of going to BBKings to see the singer of Squeeze perform an acoustic set. As if she reallly wanted to do that! So after work I went with the co-workers to Passerby in the art district for send-off drinks for those who have decided to leave SPIN. I decided to make it an "exception night" and had a couple of beers and a half hour later i was on my way to the show with my editor, Doug, to meet up with Karen. You know how in the 4 questions of the Haggedah you ask "why is this night different from any other?" (well, you might not know if you're not a jew, but we ask that). Well, Karen and I stood around asking just that. There we were in a venue we both know all too well, and yet, there was not a single familiar face in the house. Thankfully, I was already sauced and hyper from the beer and redbull i had ingested that i sort of bounced off the walls. The main reason I went to the show was to see my friend Eve's band, The urlLink Living Things . I hadn't seen them since they opened for the Libertines back in the summer when Barry was still 19. Doug had seen them at CBGBs a couple weeks earlier and said it was one of the best rock shows he's ever seen, so I was like "hot damn! i'm coming!" i mean "I'm going!" or whatever. Their show was great and Lillian, Eve's brother (btw, Eve is a dude as well, and their brother who plays drums is named Bosh), is a great frontman. He stripped off his shirt and performed topless much to mine and Karen's pleasure, and even brought out a couple of ladies dressed in lingerie and Bush and Rumsfeld masks who started to dry hump each other on stage while Lillian took a gun shaped lighter and lit a photo of the President, during which he urged the audience to not vote for Bush. To give you an idea of what the crowd was like, some meathead started calling Lillian the "n" word (which is beyond bizarre for many reasons including the awfulness of that word and the fact that the only thing black about Lillian is his clothing and maybe his ability to grow a jew-fro). Anyway, that audience member is a retarded pussy who refused Lil's request for him to come on stage and duke it out. This dude's friends were beyond embarrassed according to band members who saw the whole thing from stage. The thing I didn't like about the show, which wasn't the band's fault, was that you could hardly hear them. Apparently the VR didn't want the openers to be louder then them. Karen and I walked around a bit, did a bit of people watching, and I spotted someone who looked really familiar. "Hey look!" I said to Karen, "It's the singer of the Charlatans UK!" I went up to see if it was him. He said no. I walked away thinking "that's so weird, it looked just like him." Um... Yeah, i'm a total douche. It was the singer of the Stereophonics and I totally got the bands confused. Yeah, guess who's a fucking retard. Me. Anyway... So the Velvet Revolver took to the stage and Weiland, who is undeniably hot as fucking hell, came out dressed like the gay police officer from the Village People and started doing his snake dance. Karen and I spotted this dude walking around with the tightest pants ever, cowboy boots, and a furry jacket with no shirt on underneath. He looked like the love child of Justin Hawkins of the Darkness and Rob Harvey of the Music AND Slash. I ran over to him so i could get a photo with him cause his look was just too unbelievable, and he was more then excited to pose with us. The boy was created to be photographed... and the boy had a sort of business card that was his photo and web address. The boy's name was urlLink Lips Velvet . Please check out his website so you have an idea of what the fuck i'm talking about. After I posed with Mr. Velvet, Eve came to get me and Karen to bring us to the VIP area, but Karen decided that she had enough of the Velvet Revolver and decided to head down to the east village for the Radio4 listening party at HiFi where she canoodled with famous hipsters and tried to convert them all to H.I.M.... meanwhile, I failed at turning down Eve's offers of alcoholic beverages (he's like "I KNOW FOR A FACT that you have "exception" nights for your drinking. I read your blog. This is one of those nights. Now what do you want?" bless that boy). I danced like a snake with the LivingThings as we freaked out whenever the VR played G'n'R songs or STP songs... and especially when they covered Nirvana's "Negative Creep." Does Tommy Hillfiger have a brother who looks exactly like him? Cause if so, he was there with Michael H, who is NEVER without his sunglasses apparently. Also, Cory, who is not a Berlin Brother but from St. Louis and in the Living Things, looks exactly like a younger and healthier version of Scott Weiland. It was uncanny. He's officially the New Cory. As in, move over Corey Haim and Feldman, there's a new Cory in town and he spells his name without the e. After the show I went with the Brothers Berlin to the Hotel Gansevoort for the Clive Davis/Velvet Revolver party. We loaded up on the booze and chased the dudes down who were carrying plates of food since we're all broke and I forgot to eat dinner that night. The party seemed like something out of a Hollywood party and so i drank to forget where I was. Whenever I go to these events, the record company parties, I'm like, "oh, i really dont belong here." and wait patiently for someone to realize that I've crashed the party and kick me out. They never did. I swear, the next time i attend a party on that deck, and it's above 80 degrees, i'm jumping in the pool with all my clothes on. Up until now, NYC just hasn't really bought into that whole "hey, my name is mr. weather, i'm gonna be hot now," instead, i've been wearing lots of layers. urlLink Justine D showed up and brought some of her own personal sunshine. It's always lovely to see her! When we were all fed up with the free food and booze we all hopped in cabs and headed off to Plaid, which was really empty, and i gave up and went home leaving the kids dressed in black to wander the streets alone in the rain. The end. By the way, I just got the urlLink Sons&Daughters EP and it's really fucking great. I guess the songs I downloaded off the internet just didn't do their recording a lot of justice because the EP totally captures the live show really well. I mean, you dont get to see a quartet of half really hot boys and half really hot girls singing and dancing while you listen to it, but it's close enough. They're gonna tour with urlLink Franz Ferdinand , so be sure to check them out. urlLink The Killers were on MTV a couple days ago as a You Hear it First. I haven't been able to find the link to the segment, but if you go to their website you can see their music videos. I'm going to a prom with Mark Killers. I'm excited! If Dan Marcus were still in high school, he would've jumped on a plane to find this urlLink gigantic mushroom . Someone thinks that urlLink Damon Albarn is a cunt. They may or may not be right, but either way, he's still fucking hot. Rob from Morning Theft has gotten me into the Sheila Divine again. Please check out their song "Hum" by going urlLink here . In fact, the whole album is really good... I just really love that song a lot. urlLink Planet Family Guy for those who are as obsessed as me. Radiohead gone urlLink Yeehaw! . Definitely listen! Link from Adam Berger. This cat is screwed!

 DRINK FOR FREE TONIGHT! I'm DJing a party tonight, here's the info. please come. Here's an email i got from Michael T about the event, which has all the info you need: Ladies & Gentlemen- I'd like to invite each and everyone of you to the 5 Year Anniversary Bash of Broadcast @Bar 13 this thursday, starting at 10pm. This is definitely a milestone in my "career" it is...right?. Anyway, come out, be merry and of course get shitfaced! Michael T & Jess Present BROADCAST 5 YEAR ANNIVERSARY BASH! Thursday, May 27th TWO HOUR OPEN BAR 10-12! ON BOTH FLOORS!! @ Bar 13 35 E.13st University Pl [212]979-6677 No Cover/Doors 10pm/21& Over/ID Please! SUMMER ROOFDECK [Smoking Permitted] Live Performance bi: Unisex Salon @11pm Main Floor DJ's: Michael T & Jess Special Guest DJ Ultragrrrl [Spin Magazine] Spinning: New Wave, PostPunk, Brit-Pop & 80's...of course! Upstairs: The Crazy Rhythms DJ Crew Mike Simonetti [Troublemann Records/Aerosol Burns] & Dan Selzer [Acute Records/nyhappenings] Spinning: Post Old-School Party Jams for B-Boys & Punks! *For the OPEN BAR. You MUST mention my name or jess in order to receive a WRISTBAND for the open bar! [This is a full open bar, btw] Feel Free to pass this e-mail to all of your friends that are on Welfare, Food stamps or Jobless. Those "people" can actually afford to come. Distribution:SHAW PROMOTIONS Dress Code:Sassy!

 MORE BABY ANIMALS! Baby Giraffes are aliens! This polar bear is a slut! I want this gorilla!

 I JUST DRANK RED BULL Posting spree!!! Track five on the Stills album is really good. "Of Montreal" i think. Karen will surely correct me if correction is needed. Look at this hippo!

 MONKEY BUSINESS Maya, a chimpanzee at Jerusalem's Biblical Zoo, holds her twin babies born two days ago in Jerusalem May 24, 2004. Israeli zookeepers suspected some monkey business only after Maya, a 24-year-old chimpanzee, suddenly gave birth to twins despite an apparent lack of virile mates. The happy event at Jerusalem's Biblical Zoo caught everyone by surprise: nobody had noticed Maya was pregnant and Og and Gremlin, the only adult males among 11 chimps at the facility, were sterilized years ago, a zoo official said Tuesday. (Gil Cohen Magen/Reuters) I say devine intervention:

 BREAK OUT THE CRISTAL! Oh sweet and tender hooligans, our Patron Saint of Mope has debut on the charts at #11! According to Marc Spitz , who not only wrote a novel about trying to reunite the Smiths but also wrote the AMAZING COVER STORY THAT APPEARS IN urlLink THE MAGAZINE WHICH PAYS MY BILLS , the album charted higher than Lenny Kravitz' jawn. You know why? It's because Lenny is fucking boring and repetitive and Morrissey is awesome. He's so much awesome. And according to America, he's so much more awesome than Lenny Kravitz. Hey Katie Couric, maybe you should've had the Mozzer play on the Today Show so my ears didn't have to be assulted in the morning. Jason Roth is gonna be a daddy in a few months and rumor has it, he's naming his baby Apple. In other Jason Roth news, he sent me this email last night regarding Adam Ant : check out "ant muzak," which follows adam and the ants to the supermarket. note that the night manager is actually ex-ant gary tibbs. be sure to play the full version (the last one): urlLink http://www.beam.tv/beamreels/beamreel.php?hHGMYfsYfs your dandy highwayman, J It's totally amazing and one of the guys from "The Office" is in it. The guy who plays Garreth.

 FLOAT ON... OKAY Hello Sarah, welcome to 10 weeks ago. So you're just sort of discovering how fucking amazing the urlLink Modest Mouse album is because your urlLink new roommate has it playing in her room whenever you stumble in from drunken nights. "Float On" is the song the Walkmen could've written if they had a pow-wow with Built to Spill. Hey Sarah, maybe if you play it like, 40 times in a row, you can turn back time and actually be "ahead of the curve" instead of running after it. Love, your music conscious. So sad. OK, now i'm done talking to myself and writing myself hate mail. So my blog seems to not work. Not sure what's happening, but i'm gonna update it anyway...just incase. Friday, after shabbat dinner I went to the Squeezebox anniversary because i heard the Courtney Love was performing. I met up with urlLink Jake , urlLink Marc and his lovely girlfriend and my roommate, Elizabeth (she aint got a blog). The scene at Don Hills wasn't short of trannies. I was watching them enter the room as if they were the returning royalty and i began picturing what they were doing an hour early. I imagined them dusting off their wigs that they hadn't worn since the last Squeezebox about 4 or 5 years ago, squeezing themselves into their sequined gowns, pouting because their eyelash glue is clumpy. I sort of found myself happy that i didn't run around in a Tranny scene. I've got nothing agains them, I just don't know if i could keep up. I felt intimidated and scared by their posing and bodyparts here and there and everywhere. I felt like i was 18 and at Squeezebox... cept i was 24 and overwhelmed. This is why my parents keep me home on fridays. Saturday I slept in until a pathetic 4:15pm. I woke up with a killer headache and a sense of "fuck, i know it's late. i just know it." I checked my phone and had a bunch of messages from people I was supposed to meet up with and totally flaked on. I felt like crap. The problem with sleeping in my parents house is that my bedroom slowly chokes me at night. I woke up in the morning gasping for air, and this is despite the fact that I was sleeping next to a window that was open. My dad gave my mom the impression that our house is haunted. I tell my mom that he's full of shit, but to be honest, I sort of agree with him. I'm constantly fearing that if i turn around there will be some sort of figure standing there staring at me. I feel a presense in my room sometimes and it scares the shit out of me. If I wake up in the middle of the night I try hard to not move or open my eyes. I know this is really pathetic and silly, but I guess i'm just pathetic and silly at times. My mom found my sparawled on the couch at 4:17pm, two minutes after i woke up. I had taken tylenol pm the night (or rather morning before since i couldnt get to bed until 6 am), and literally staggered down the stairs to the phone so i could call the people I was supposed to see that day and apologize. My mom said I looked really peaceful while sleeping. Probably cause I was drugged out of my mind and being suffocated by the ghost that lives in our house. Saturday night I met up with Chow at the urlLink Morning Theft show. That band is just getting better and better and Rob is a totally great singer. I can't wait to see them perform again, and I'm gonna be sure to post the show here once i find out. After that show we all headed over to urlLink JennyPenny's house for a bit of prepartying and while everyone intended to head over to urlLink Misshapes , many didn't hop on the bus and were still at her apt at 5am when I came round to see what was going on (I woke up a 4pm that day, so it was like, 8pm for me). Misshapes was fun as always. Everyone danced around, jumped around, made out. At one point urlLink GregTheBoyfrriend and I were dancing and he said he couldn't make out with me cause he was sick... moments later I was dancing with him again and saw his face covered in red lipstick. The ladies can't keep their paws off the boy these days. By the way, there's a urlLink new misshapes gallery up from saturday night. Will someone please urlLink give Geordan a modeling contract already? urlLink Karen and I will be happy to handle all Geo inquiries. If somebody could please remind me what I did Sunday I'd really appreciate it. thanks! sarah update: dear sarah, on sunday you came to my house. we didnt eat m&ms because fatty had eaten them all already. fatty being me. and you the week before. we got very very very emblazened and watched... something. blue velvet. thats what it was. we got hungry, contemplated going to the west village for ice cream covered donuts, but instead got that delicious food on avenue b. then you got papped. not smeared. papped by a drummer. remember? member, member that time in that movie when you blew something out? that was awesome. love, the other half of your brain another update: dear sarah, after karen's you went and saw a movie with big brother brian and you were almost not allowed in the theater for being "too high" to watch a children's movie. love, your burning loins.

 GO WILD IN THE CITY Some days you just really need to listen to lots of Bow Wow Wow and Adam and the Ants. I suggest both of these bands for days when you're feeling a bit low, or a bit tired, or a bit uninspired. They're essentially the same exact bands, but with different singers. I'm not joking, they're literally the same band with different singers. So if you're like, in the mood for a dude singing, pop in Adam. If you're in the mood for a girl singing, pop in Anabel. Good times! So this curbing of my drinking went pretty reasonably well last night. Started off the evening with dinner at the Spotted Pig to celebrate my gorgeous boss' birthday. I had a wee bit of champagne to celebrate, followed by a glass of wine. After dinner I went over to the Slipper Room to celebrate Andy and Alex's birthday where I had 1 and a half beers -- half of one of them was poured over my head during "girls just wanna have fun" -- my hair was very sticky, but now it's got an undeniable shine to it. OK, maybe it's just shiny cause i finally washed it. So, urlLink Lindsay has been living with me for like, three weeks, and it's been really fucking fun. We'll probably have a roof-top BBQ sometime very soon. Maybe even tomorrow. Maybe Sunday. Maybe next week. Alls i know is our roof is the fucking shit. The Killers were on Carson last night and I totally dropped the ball on that one. Sorry. By the way, I got dragged to the Strokes show the other day by Lizzy. I see things like this (and i know my rationalization is really FUCKING RETARDED, but i never claimed to be anything but really FUCKING RETARDED): Just like the Smiths vs. the Cure, Blur vs. Oasis, I see something along the lines of Interpol vs. The Strokes. So I've chosen Interpol. I appreciate the Strokes. I enjoy dancing to them. When I first heard the Strokes in 2000 or 2001 i was really excited and danced around my room while listening to "Barely Legal." But like, when i first heard Interpol (before the strokes) in 2000 or maybe earlier, i was moved. I was thrown against the wall and beaten to a pulp and happy for it. This is why i say i was dragged to the Strokes show. Anyway, it was great and Julian talked a shit load, which pleased me a lot since he's actually funny at times -- despite being totally slurred at times. Anyway, Mazel Tov to Juliet.

 GOTHAMIST INTERVIEW DU JOUR My ol' office chum, Greg Lindsay, is urlLink today's Gothamist Interview . Horay for him! I just want to make one thing clear: when I tell the cab story, he's always mentioned. It's essential that he is because otherwise there are huge gaps in the story. However, I DO usually refer to him only as "my friend Greg" rather then "Greg Lindsay" because it never occurred to me to do otherwise -- this is where the whole editing part usually stems from. Unless I tell the story when drunk. Then it's just "i shared a cab with bowie and our thighs touched the end."

 PARTY TONIGHT! DON'T FORGET! If you're in NYC tonight and wanna party with a bunch of writer people who are celebrating their birthday, please come to the SLIPPER ROOM tonight after 10pm and until 4am. Buy lots of drinks. Dance to skilled DJs. Discover secret rooms! ASOBI SEKSU! urlLink Greg the b/f emailed me a couple weeks ago demanding to know why nobody told him how fun Asobi Seksu was live. Now you can watch their video by going urlLink HERE . It's like the sixth one down. Please watch it. That way they can be put into rotation at UMTV or MTVU or whatever it's called. This is what I'm gonna look like tonight when I DJ the party that i listed above. Thank you to "Anonymous" for posting the link: DJ MONKEY

 ...SINCE I STOPPED DRINKING AGAIN On saturday i went to urlLink Andy"s for a BBQ with urlLink Lindsay . The discussion turned to the effects drusg vs. alcohol has on the brain. Before I continue, I should mention that Andy is a Scientist and goes to medical school and knows these things. Anyway, Andy has no reason to tell me the truth about drugs vs. alochol effects on the brain other then I might it interesting. We were drinking beers and he was telling me that Alchohol has the worst effect on the brain. That in a brain scan, and doctor can tell you if you're an alcoholic and that the effects are not only irreversable but also permanant (which i guess is the same thing). Alcohol has a harsher effect on the brain then pot, E, coke, and heroin -- because at least with those drugs, your brain can go back to normal after a short amount of time (the effects of E are still up in the air). So it was with this information that i decided that i really needed to curb my lifestyle. I know i tried it in the past, but before I didn't feel like my reasons were backed with enough scientific reasoning. I stopped drinking because it was expensive and i was making a fool of myself when drunk. I stopped drinking because i wound up with inexplicable cuts and bruises. I stopped drinking because my family were threatening AA and rehab. But then i started drinking again. The money problem was sorted with my decision to only drink when someone else is buying. The other problems were fixed by drinking a little less or being careful of who i drink with so that they could expect and maybe enjoy my drunken behavior. Now i'm going to curb my alcohol reason for medical reasons. I haven't had a drink since saturday, and while i'm not gonna stop drinking all together, i WILL reinstate my "drinking only on two nights a week" rule. Tomorrow will be on of those days, presumably, since i'm attending two birthday parties and djing one, but friday and sunday will be sober days. Anyway, that's all. Goodnight. Tomorrow, i'm posting a link about the Asobie Seksu video.

 MONKEY COLLEGE! I'm not sure there's urlLink anything cuter : "At the end of a long day, the student simians relax by watching the Food Network, newscasts, cartoons and even at times wildlife network Animal Planet "although it's very scary to some of them," said Judi Zazula, executive director of Helping Hands."

 WALK IN SILENCE Today is the anniversary of Ian Curtis' death. He commited suicide in 1980.

 FUN TIMES. HOT GIRLS. I've been asked to participate in the urlLink WYSIWYG Talent Show tonight along with my roommate urlLink Lindsay Robertson , and several other lovely ladies of the nerd. It's at PS122 and begins at 7:30. I'm reading first cause i need to leave early so i can shoot something for CNN Headline news. So if you're not in NYC and want to be able to throw rotten food at a projected image of me, you can do that at exactly 9:15 EST by turning on your TV.

 SO MUCH AWESOME Alright, so I've been home all day long and while not watching urlLink Fuse or Before Sunrise , I've been watching "The Family Guy" Volume 1 DVD boxset. This thing is seriously the best thing a person could own. If you're trying to think of what to buy your friend for their birthday, i highly recommend this. Hours and hours of fun. You don't even need to be stoned to enjoy it! For current "Family Guy" enthusiasts, check urlLink this out . Anyway, I blame urlLink KarenPlusOne for this.

 AWWWWW! I know that it might be really super uncool of me to totally fucking love Gwen and Chris Martin, but I think they make an adorable couple and their baby, Apple, is gonna grow up to be a totally upstanding knockout. Throughout her pregnancy, Gwen looked picturesque and Chris was a total doting husband/father-to-be. What isn't there to admire about that? Also, Chris is just a really nice guy. He's like the type of guy you're happy to have around, but don't necessarily make plans with because you think he's doing something way more fun and would think that what you're doing is so lame, but it's actually just all in your head and he really wishes you'd call him every once in a while to make plans to go to the park or something. Gwen is sort of that pretty girl who is friends of a friend and you remember every conversation you've ever had with her and what she was wearing at the time. I'm home sick today and have been watching loads of TV and finding out some interesting things: One of the twins from Sweet Valley High is totally on a teeth whitening commerical. They played a Grandaddy song on the Today Show this morning. Honda is using a Ween song from The Mullusk (sp?) album and nobody's said anything? I've been like dancing around my room whenever it's on, and i refuse to believe that nobody else noticed it. To those who felt like everyone knew about the beheadding of Berg and didn't think I needed to bring it up in my blog, i'd like to point out that there are people in Germany that don't know that they need to urlLink have sex in order to have babies. that's all.

 FOR THOSE WHO LIKE THE COCTEAU TWINS... Scott urlLink Stereogum just posted this urlLink amazing Delays b-side that sounds like the urlLink Cocteau Twins meets Sigur Ros ... well, actually way more Cocteau Twins then anything else. Really ambiant and stunning with falsetto vocals. Just pretty. Oh, and wanna party on May 20? ? Alex Pappademas and Andy Greenwald from SPIN Magazine are having a birthday party on May 20 at the urlLink Slipper Room . I'm gonna be DJing it for a bit and have been told that I could invite people. Consider this the invite. If you wanna know what they want for their birthdays here are some ideas: Andy likes the following stuff: emo, clever comic books, video games, and 'shrooms. Alex likes the following stuff: digital cameras, the fall, and lsd. you dont have to buy them gifts. just show up. dance. drink. be hedonistic. watch people you read the words of drink more than you and never pass out. good times.

 GREG THE BOYFRIEND The wonderful urlLink Greg The Boyfriend just updated his blog. There's more to the story then what's up there just yet (depending on when you read this update), including strippers and more strippers. So keep checking back with him. Until then, i've been getting requests for what he looks like. So here's a couple of friendster photos. urlLink here's one urlLink another urlLink and then him on the left with his bizarro twin .

 A VERY SPECIAL MISSHAPES Come to tonight's urlLink Misshapes and contribute to the "Save Courtney Love" fund that the promoters decided to start. All earnings from tonight's event -- all of them -- will be put into an envelope and dropped off at her apartment. I shit you not.

 SO MUCH HOT Check out Baron's life as a straight (actually incredibly metrosexual) urlLink boy in San Francisco . Also, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO BARON!

 SING ME TO SLEEP urlLink Laura posted something very important last week: "The Killers = obnoxiously pretty" More photos of how urlLink pretty they are . I know I hype every band fronted by a pretty face (or at least most of them) who sound like they spend all day listening to the Smiths and Joy Division, but like, when urlLink the Killers album becomes available you're all gonna be singing along. Until then, you can buy an EP of theirs on iTunes for "Somebody Told Me" -- which I promise will make your ass move. I repeat, this is not a Killers fansite. I just like the band a lot and want to have 10,000 of their babies. This morning when I went to the "Cold Pizza" taping i brought the new issue of urlLink Star Magazine with the Olsen twins on the cover and said "i want mary-kate's makeup please." Mission accomplished! I also dropped the obvs bomb since I knew that urlLink Uncle Grambo was watching. Unbelievably, urlLink Muse 's Absolution is on the soundscan chart this week... at #196, which blows my mind. I honestly didn't think anyone else listened to them other than me and the people who sit 10 feet from me and have to listen to me blasting "Apocalypse Please" all day long. OK, this weekend's buzz: The Olsen Twins are on SNL with R.Kelly. Fantastic booking. urlLink Misshapes is always fun on saturday night. Nate the ex-roommate's band, urlLink Modern , is performing at Luna lounge sunday. They sound like Sunny Day Real Estate meets Radiohead and Nate is a total hottie. And tonight, Colder is playing at Rothko (rivington and suffolk on the lower east side). I can't find the link to their site, but they sound like early new order mixed with joy division and urlLink Alex Chow blew a load when he heard them saying they sounded like "every band i ever liked from the 80s rolled into one." let's hope their live show is hot.

 DOUBLE YOU TEE EFF?! Thank you to urlLink Grambo and urlLink Best Week Evs for urlLink this photo that i wont even post cause it's really awful. Hint: it's c.love. Anyway, got a haircut (finally) at urlLink Whistle . I'd been told to go there by a shit load of people and finally urlLink Karen gave me the number and the name of the dude she goes to. I know that Interpol goes there, and i'll do anything they do cause they're the best band and I want to be them and have 10,000 of their babies. I ended up getting only a trim cause my hair stylist liked my long hair a lot. I hadn't cut my hair since last july and when he was snipping away i suggested he just hack it off and give me a mohawk. He said he'd do it next time. I'm sick of my hair. After the hair cut I started walking home and ran into urlLink Lindsayism and urlLink TMFTML (whom i sort of refuse to call by his real name) outside of the Magician on Rivington. We had a drink and then popped into Rothko for urlLink Audrey's party. $2 PBR! Hot damn! Not that it matters -- I made a new rule that I will only drink when others are buying. Thankfully, urlLink Brian was my sugar daddy for the night. After listening to the always amazing Rob Sheffield and Dennis Cahlo DJ, I headed over to the Hole with Brian and Sarah Wilson to see Sera DJ. I only stayed for about a half hour tho cause that played has cooties. Brian was nice enough to walk me home and I didn't even have to put out! Score! Anyway, that was a boring post. Sorry. I've got nothing interesting happening... oh... I did accidently bust in on Lindsay the roommate last night and she had not top on. She's officially a member of apartment 3A. Does anyone watch Cold Pizza on ESPN? I'm gonna be on tomorrow morning at 8am. Fun times. I'm gonna try to drop some Whatevs vernac. "the answer to that is bovs, dude."

 I'M SWOOOOOOOONING! Thank you urlLink Chris Clark for this amazing urlLink Morrissey Cover by the KILLERS . Sometimes i feel like this is a Killers fansite.

 MY FIRST SPIN-OFF urlLink this is exciting.

 DEAR GOD... THE DECAPITATION VIDEO... DO NOT WATCH What's happened to Iraqi prisoners in the hands of some American soldiers is so beyond shameful and disgusting and inhumane. I'm so sad to be not only an American but also a human. It's a two sided game apparently, with Al Qaida seeking revenge. I just learned of (a) decapitation(s) that occured and have been STRONGLY advised to not watch the video. My sources tell me that the video is of "Al Qaida making this guy give his personal information into a camera... then thwack. no more head." You will learn more about this from urlLink reading this . Link from urlLink Drudge Report . In case you're masochistic or you're from a news organization and need to watch the video, urlLink go here but DO NOT WATCH IT UNLESS YOU HAVE TO . Please listen to me. YOU CAN'T WATCH THE VIDEO unless you must for a very important reason and not just out curiosity. I know this site is usually about the most retarded stuff in the world and I'm usually being very silly about things, but this time I am begging you to not watch the video UNLESS YOU MUST. I'm not putting this up and saying "don't watch" in hopes that you do actually eat it and taste from the apple of knowledge. I'm putting this up incase you happen to read my blog and also happen to work at some sort of new organization of some sort. If you dont believe me about not watching this... Some comments people I know have said about it: "Dear God that was the worst thing I've ever seen in my entire life I don't even know what to say. I don't care, no liberal can defend this or say shit about it. That is one fucked up culture." "the video is absolutley horrendous. I absolutley recommend not watching it." "this cannot be reiterated enough. do not watch that." "if i had known it would've been that bad i would've heeded the warning label."

 MY WEEKEND WAS PRETTY TYPICAL, HOW WAS YOURS? It's about fucking time i got my shit together and posted about my weekend! Started shit off on friday at the Lewitinn Residence in Tenafly where I rocked out with the G to the O to the D. My mom just got surgery and she refuses to take her oxycodone after I told her that it's equivalent to heroin and she should be careful. Now, I realize that it was so refuckingtarded of me to say that since she's been moaning in pain for days. Man, and she could've been in such a cool rehab center with all those famous people! I'm joking of course. I just want her to get better so she can get back in the kitchen where women belong. OK, so Saturday was so much awesome. I DJed my first ever wedding -- which was totally the best thing I've ever done. Played a bit of the 50s stuff and jazz for the older folks, duran duran and madonna for the younger kids, but easily the most incredible moment -- that was thankfully captured on tape by Raphael the Boyfriend -- was when, my third song in, I dropped the Yeah Yeah Yeah's "Maps" bomb and got to watch about 20 couples stop dancing and turn to me with a look of "holy shit, what the fuck do we do." and then watch 10 of those couples, all older, decide to ballroom dance to it. It was the most exciting experience of my life. I can't wait to DJ my next wedding... no idea when that'll be. Anyway, many thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Hildenberger for inviting me to DJ their wedding! Mazel Tov! By the way, Raphael is gonna digitize the video for me so I can post it on my blog. I can't fucking wait. After the wedding I headed over to urlLink Misshapes to participate in the first ever TARTS OF PLEASURE VS. DEATH & DESTRUCTION DJ BATTLE! Despite the photo ( urlLink click her for larger image ), I didn't actually get a black eye since DJ's Death & Destruction are total fucking pussies and I kicked their asses twice with the help of my trusty dancer urlLink KarenPlusOne . urlLink Uncle Grambo will be sad to hear that I didn't repeat urlLink this buzz cause i was wearing an expensive dress. But I guess karma is a bitch since Alex Chow, i mean DJ Death (or Destruction?) accidently spilled half of his really sweet and sticky drink on my head when my friend Ben dipped me while dancing. It was hilarious and my hair was totally "Something About Mary" in the morning... minus the spunk. The word in the girls room was: girl one: i think the girls one. *sniff* girl two: thanks, hey do you want some? I think they won too. *sniff* girl three: yeah, thank you. i think the boys are pussies. *sniff* I guess they started showing Michael Caine movies in the bathroom. Anyway, I managed to make out with more boys then a girl should. I guess those are the perks of being the DJ. Sunday was Mothers Day and it took an army of phone calls to wake me up. Clinton Street Bakery finally got me out of bed so I could have their FUCKING AMZING Huevos Rancheros. People, if you haven't tried these yet and you live in nyc, you must hop in a cab on saturday morning and get this IMMEDIATELY. After brunch I went to the UWS to go DVD shopping with my homobro for my mom and then we went back to Tenafly so I could hear my mom complain about not buying her flowers. Yesterday I went to check out the Cardigans at Bowery and had the delightful pleasure of not only seeing urlLink Johnathan Rice perform, but also witness urlLink Lindsayism's first J.Rice show. She fucking loved him, and I fucking loved him. Then Aqualung played and I was floored. Lindsay left and Johnathan plied me with more JesusJuice then Michael Jackson would advise is appropriate. He nearly had to hold me up during the Cardigan's slightly disappointing set of new songs. My friend Steve was nice enough to drive me home where I discovered that when you puke red wine, it come out looking really fucking cool in your toilet. Purple is my favorite color. What a pleasure! Oh, I nearly forgot to mention that Karen made me a fantastic mix cd called: The KarenPlusOne Guide to Liking Zeppelin Even If You're a PostPunk-Phile who Wants To Give Morrissey a Hand Job. Bummed she left out "Immigrant Song" but I totally loved it none-the-less. She made it for me after I revealed to her, that much like Brandon Flowers of the Killers, the only music that I really recognized pre-1978 were the Beatles and RollingStones. I'm stupid, i know, so sue me. And Greg the Boyfriend shared this lovely tidbit with me after I revealed to him that he's one of the best kissers in the history of kissers: "I kissed some woman that I grabbed on the street and made dance with me in the rain. after we danced, I picked her up honeymoon style and sat her on a newspaper stand and kissed her, to which she screamed "you just Frenched me!" then I smiled, got in a cab and went away. She was smiling when I looked back." Some links: urlLink Reading Lineup urlLink Be this guy's girlfriend . From Gabrielle.

 I'M REALLY SORRY! Some of you heard I was having a party this weekend. It was technically a SPIN party, but unfortunately it had to be postponed until June. So please don't show up at my house cause I'm not gonna be home. I will let you all know when the next party is happening. Watch this space.

 HOT DAMN! New look. Now I feel like this thing is less playskool.

 WHEN STONERS BECOME PRODUCTIVE Thank you Chris Clark for this urlLink PacManhattan link. Apparently there was a story in the urlLink Times about it, but I only read the NYPost.

 TA DA! OK, this is my last post of the day -- or at least for the next few hours. For what it's worth, everything I learned about modern-boys I learned from urlLink Andy dePunk . Many months ago I flirted with him, he laid down the "how to flirt properly with boys" law, and it's worked out really fucking well for the most part. At first when I read his email i was like "is he serious?" and asked urlLink Brian "Is he for real? This is how you guys are?" When he confirmed Andy's revelation I promptly deleted the phone numbers of boys I was persuing, or rather, hoping to be persued by. This story could go on, but then it'd venture on really personal territory and while I feel alright talking about my drinking and narcotic habits and making outs and interests in burying my face in the underaged and freckled urlLink breasts of Lindsay Lohan , I strangely don't feel comfortable talking about my actual love life. I never thought there'd be a day when I'd want to have at least one secret. Anyway, now you too can urlLink learn what I learned from Andy. Maybe you'll have a urlLink Mermaid Baby . OK, that's not funny. I'm not laughing. I'm just informing you guys that a baby was born and this baby resembles a mermaid. This baby is adorable. I'm always teased about the time I was on MTV2's "22 Greatest Bands" proclaiming my total love for Linkin Park. Well, fuck y'all. Yesterday I got to interview Chester Bennington (the white dude who sings and looks emo). Our interview was supposed to be 10 minutes but we started geeking out on Placebo together and it lasted an hour. I also spoke to Wayne from the Flaming Lips for a half hour today about life in a bubble. He was quite nice and friendly andwe talked about Radiohead. I like it when rock stars holla to their significant others while i'm on the phone with them. I feel like they're letting me in on something really personal in their life, when in reality, they're like "yo, what was the name of that festival?" urlLink Lindsayism , my new roommate who doesn't seem to mind living with me yet, noted that urlLink MKOlsen is rocking the same eye makeup that I used to rock and have recently ressurected. My brother said that MKO and I both look alike cause we look like monkeys. Between her, the singer of urlLink the killers , and Brian from Placebo [see below], i really dont mind looking like a girl. Certainly not an incredibly skinny and wealthy monkey. Now, for those of you who plan on seeing "A New York Minute" this weekend, and are wondering "Sarah, you're so drunk, have you forgotten to post a review of the movie?" My answer is yes. I am so drunk that i've forgotten. But actually, I'm also not sure this movie is for everyone. It's not like "Freaky Friday" where the story line is really thick and thoughtful, but it's also not like "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" where it's totally lacking any sense. It's a big budgeted Olsen movie that is full of sexual ennuendo, really hot twins, loads of b-list cameos, and silly girlie playfulness. It's not the best movie of all time. It's not the worst. It's a drinking film. So here is the: UNOFFICIAL NEW YORK MINUTE DRINKING GAME 1 SHOT: Everytime it's suggested that Jane (Ashley Olsen) is naked. 1 SHOT: For every sexual ennuendo. 1 SHOT: For every b-list celebrity cameo 1 SHOT: For every b-list reoccuring character 1 SHOT: For every time the name SIMPLE PLAN is uttered -1 SHOT: For every time you want to do something really inappropriate to either twin. You'll leave the movie totally sober with that last one up there. Sorry dudes. It's official. You want to bang 17 year old twins. I mean, who doesnt?!

 THE MORNING AFTER Before heading over to urlLink MISSHAPES to see the most over-rated DJ battle of the century, head over to the Knitting Factory to witness the debut of The Morning After. In case any of you were at the Darkness show at Irving plaza a few months ago when Justin Hawkins was outshined by a boy on someone's shoulders doing his best Mick Jagger... it was the singer of the Morning After. Go see him in action. Center of Attention. I urge you. If I weren't at a wedding during their show, i'd be up front and center throwing my granny-panties in his face.

 ONE DAY... I'll write about the time I shared a cab with David Bowie when i was 19 years old. Until then, here's a photo of me with David Bowie... only, it's not me. I once met Brian Molko from Placebo the day before doing a phoner interview. The conversation went like this: Me: I'm interviewing you tomorrow. Brian: It's nice to be able to put a face to the voice on the other end of the phone. Sarah Wilson: You can put YOUR face to the voice! Fast foward a few months. The scene: Placebo's Webster Hall After party: Me: So anyway I was like [blah blah blah]. Scott from Astralwerks: Can we switch places. I keep on looking at Brian who is standing behind you and getting freaked out that you're multiplying.

 THE LAST OF THE FAMOUS INTERNATIONAL PLAYBOYS I just got home from the Morrissey show at the Apollo and the show tonight wasn't as good as Tuesdays. Perhaps it had to do with my seating (i was up on balcony tonight ... was on the floor on tuesday), or maybe I was a bit used to the set... but I really, really, really wish he performed more songs from his older albums. I would've liked to have heard "Suedehead" or "Last of the Famous..." or "Have a Go" or "Boxer"... Instead he played a lot of new songs. I like the new album, but it's not really what I payed an arm and a leg to hear -- especially since i dont own it yet! "Irish Blood..." was a standout track of the new songs, and I thought he did an amazing job with it. Also, I am all for the Mozzer taking off his shirt. During the encore of "There is a Light that Never Goes Out" i ran into a girl named Lisa that I used to go to elementry, middle and high school with... Amazingly, this was the second time I've run into her in the past two days -- yesterday she was at the Olsen Twins screening -- and I hadn't seen her since 1998. It's such a small world that she was sitting in the seat that i abandoned my jacket and back in. After the show, Vicki went outside for a smoke and then met up with a couple of her friends and a couple of mine and the whole of us went in for the Mozzer after party which was sadly missing the mozzer. Awesomely, Dino, from Morrissey's band introduced himself to me when he saw me look in his direction and I also got to meet Boz. Boz plays guitar for Moz. Holy shit. There's a Franz Ferdinand commerical on Comedy Central right now. So sexy. I'm happy that my DJ group's name is in honor of that band since they're so fucking wonderful and deserve to have everything in honor of them! Anyway, Thank you Morrissey for bringing me up to the Apollo theater for the first time in my life. I'm totally going back for amature night! Also, urlLink Miss ModernAge finally urlLink slept with me .

 A NEW YORK MINUTE Last night while I was in the theater by Times Square (and mtv, btw) watching the new Olsen Twins movie, I received a voice mail from my friend Gideon who was like "Sarah, the Olsen twins are taping TRL today. Call me back if you want to go." I got that voice mail this afternoon. God laughs at me sometimes. Anyway, I raced back to the Lower East Side so i could DJ Nora's party at Piano. Had a really great time and got to see a bunch of good friends, including my brother, whom i hadn't seen in ages. Tonight I was gonna go home to watch the finale of Friends but then Vicki told me that she had an extra ticket for Morrissey and suddenly it's like "what the fuck is a chandler?" I look so grungy and grody for the show tonight... c'est la vie. Harlem is mine and it owes me champagne. Anyway... I'm gonna be DJing at urlLink Misshapes on Saturday but things are gonna be a bit different... read on: Ultragrrrl: i just booked all of us Ultragrrrl: OK. the first ever Tarts of Pleasure Vs. Death & Destruction at Misshapes. Saturday night at 1am. deadelevators: haha! AWESOME deadelevators: i'mm excited deadelevators: you better not play what i play Ultragrrrl: you are not allowed to play "laid". deadelevators: fine but you are not allowed to play franz ferd or the killers Ultragrrrl: i didnt discover the killers, but i turned you on to them! Ultragrrrl: they were mine first. but you want them, you've got them. Ultragrrrl: no joy division for you. deadelevators: oh FINE deadelevators: fine you can have killers if i can have Franz deadelevators: you can have joy division if i can have the Cure Ultragrrrl: you can have the cure and franz and the killers. deadelevators: wow deadelevators: you gonna pull some crazy shit on my ass Ultragrrrl: i'm not sure what i have up my sleeve just yet. Ultragrrrl: but i'm gonna have to really pull something out of it if i'm giving you all those bands. deadelevators: you can have Sigur Ros and Mum deadelevators: hows that sound Ultragrrrl: fine, but you can't have all american rejects Ultragrrrl: oh, we have to play lots of smiths songs Ultragrrrl: that's the only catch. cause it's a smiths event. deadelevators: we should do a smiths vs. cure thing deadelevators: oh deadelevators: smiths event deadelevators: okay thats fine Ultragrrrl: great. deadelevators: this is going to be fun! deadelevators: im excited Ultragrrrl: 1-2:30 is our slot deadelevators: awesome!!! deadelevators: i'm gonna fuck shit up Ultragrrrl: how do you want to be billed for the party? Ultragrrrl: Death & Destruction featuring? deadelevators: how are you guys going to be billed deadelevators: i guess: deadelevators: somethign like: deadelevators: Tarts of Pleasure feat. Ultragrrrl (SPIN) + Karen (Agency Group) VS. Death and Destruction feat Alex Chow (Madison Strays/SPIN) + Ryan Rayhill (Rockstar Games) deadelevators: unless that is way too long, heh Ultragrrrl: i think it'll work out deadelevators: okay cool Ultragrrrl: oh wait. we gotta play franz ferdinand since our dj group is named after a franz song. deadelevators: oh fine but then i want the killers

 OH, COOL, THEY PLAYED CREEP Alright, so I've been back from Coachella for more then 24 hours and I was surprisingly back to normal yesterday morning when I woke up in my own bed, clean and no longer smelling of two days worth of sweat, chlorine, and dirt. I'm like a rubber band I guess. Coachella was hot, sweaty, and fun. Really fucking fun and if you ever get a chance to go next year, i strongly urge it. I ended up staying in a bungalo about 5 miles from the coachella site with about 30 people who slept everywhere. I shared a bed with urlLink GiuliaDoll and Sarah Wilson, and on our floor was the ever gorgeous Kimberly Taylor-Bennet. In the bed next door was urlLink JasonProductshop , who was in bed with a few people, then there was Halified, Adam Mandel, urlLink Jordan and his family , and like, ten others. I shit you not. We BBQ'ed, swam in the pool, soaked in the jacuzzi, read up on Mary Kate and Ashely, ate, cooked... yeah, it was a good time had by all! By the way, if you ever need to hitch a ride back home, look for a pick up truck with a Jesus sticker. These lovely Jesus people picked me, kim, jordan and jason up on saturday night, drove us all around, and then gave us TUIT stickers after telling us "God Bless You." Now i sort of love Jesus. Thank you Baby Jesus! Ps. Jordan's shirt is kinda gay. The highlights of Coachella for me: The Pixies - who sounded like they must've about 10+ years ago. Radiohead - everytime i see radiohead, my former total retarded obsession, i am like "eh, i've seen them a dozen times, i'm like, not losing my head over seeing them again." and then they take to the stage and i have mild epileptic seizures and dance in ways you'd be embarassed about. Then they played creep and i was in need of a new pair of underwear. Thom held that last note for like, 30 minutes. Muse - they were about 20 times better at coachella then at the bowery ballroom show. I did notice that for one song there might've been prerecorded backing vocals, but that was for ONE single song, and I can handle that. Plus, at the SPIN party Matt told me that they're gonna tour the states a bit more, including CureFest with the Cure, Interpol, the Rapture, and Mogwai. Right, so you know when I say something gross and get a million complaints from readers in my comment box? Well, fuck you cause that news made me so excited that puke tried to come out of my nose. The Flaming Lips - So totally incredible. I've never seen them before so i was insanely blown away and didn't want them to ever end. Sadly, they played only 4 songs, but all good ones. Um... Wayne came out into the audience in a fucking gigantic bubble. A GIGANTIC BUBBLE. Fuck you. That's amazing. The Killers - it was sweltering in the tent they played in, but i sweated to the oldies and threw my hands in the air when the full on gospel choir came out. As Brandon Flowers promised me a few weeks ago, they were better then the one that came out at SXSW. The Cure was a bit on the not-so-amazing side. They played lots of really great songs, but the volume was too low for their set and the mix was just really awful. These are things they couldn't help, plus following the Flaming Lips' show was going to be difficult no matter what. Last night i went to see Morrissey in Harlem and i dont think I've ever had a reaction to a show like I did. It was full of superfandom for me. I was shaking and laughing very hysterically in a frightening way. Poor Rob Sheffield. He stood next to me and didn't inch away once when I grabbed his arm and started being sort of like a maniac. Also, I yelled out to Morrissey "I LOVE YOU" and he said "HOW MUCH?" and i couldnt move. I could only stand there laughing like "ahahahahahahhahahahahaha" breathe "ahahahhahahahahhahahahahha" breathe "ahhahhahahahahahhhhaha." I dont even know what song he played after that cause i was like, on cloud nine for a bit. OK, i'm gonna go see "A New York Minute" now. Thank you Baby Dave Itzkoff!

 T-MINUS 2 DAYS There's a urlLink Midtown record release party tonight at the Delancey. No cover charge and free Vodka if you can fenagle your way in. My friend urlLink Adi grew up in Peoria, IL. After high school he moved to Chicago for a little while and then up and moved to Israel where he's been living for a little over two years. He just recently started the army (a requirement for all Israelis) and has been keeping a blog about his life in Israel and in the services. Now his blog is filled with photos of really hot (male and female) soldiers carrying around semi-automatic assult weapons and gigantic tanks and shit. It's awesome. urlLink Check it! Also kids:

 T-MINUS... A COUPLE OF DAYS More things added: I'm DJing at CROBAR on Thursday. Yes, it's a superclub... I hope to find out if it has any super powers. Anyway, here is the info: Reed Room Alex English (Girls & Boys) & Ultragrrrl (SPIN Magazine) playing rock'n'roll & new wave main room Trevor Jackson (Playgroup) *DJ set* Tiga *DJ set* Dead Combo *live* James F**king Friedman *DJ set* To be placed on the Girls & Boys guest list for $10 reduced admission, email Disgraceland@gbh.tv with your name and the number of guests you are bringing. Just say you are on the 'Girls & Boys list' when you arrive at the door Crobar: 530 W. 28 St. bet 10 and 11aves. Also, my lovely roommate urlLink Lindsay is throwing another Ritalin Reading Ritalin Readings! Tomorrow (Tuesday) night at Pianos at 8 pm: urlLink Sean T. Conrad.com 's Sean T. Conrad! Hysterical Comedian urlLink Jessy Delfino ! Breakup Girl's urlLink Lynn Harris ! The Black Table's urlLink Will Leitch ! New York Magazine's urlLink Elizabeth Spiers ! And Lindsay! (FREE) For all of you who are big Chuck Klosterman fans out there, here's some good news: Mr. Klosterman is going on tour! Yes! Now you too can see Chuck in the flesh and ask him questions and talk to him for hours about the Real World. You should also buy his book "Sex, Drugs, and CoCo Puffs" urlLink on paperback since it's finally available in that format. Here are his tour dates: July 12th, 7:00pm - Joseph Beth (Cleveland) July 13th, 7:00pm - Ruminator Books (Minneapolis) July 15th, 7:30pm - Powell's Books (Portland) July 19th, 7:30pm - Elliott Bay Book Company (Seattle) July 20th, noon - Real Networks Corporate reading (Seattle) July 21st, 7:30pm - Cody's Books (San Fran) July 22nd, 7:00pm - Green Apple Books (San Fran) July 23rd, noon - Virgin Corporate "Lunchbox Hero" experience (LA) July 23rd, 7:30pm - Skylight Books (LA) July 27th, 7:30pm - Barnes & Noble (Astor Place) (NYC)

 T-MINUS 5 DAYS Seriously, I have the best job on earth and the best bosses on earth and the Killers are the best band on earth as far as I'm concerned. I heart the world.

 T-MINUS 6 DAYS I don't think Iraq is ready. urlLink This will be me tonight.

 T-MINUS SEVEN DAYS We'll float on... good news is on the way.

 T-MINUS 8 DAYS Until then... breif news bits like: The Killers are playing Mercury Lounge tomorrow (wednesday) night with Johnny Lives! Be there.

 THE HOT FUSS IS FINALLY OUT

 HOLD ON TO YOUR FRIENDS My friend Sean McGrath died yesterday. Apart from being an all around wonderful person, you might have heard of his name because he was the former bassist of Saves the Day and also played in The Alps. He'd been battling cancer for a couple of years. This is so sad. I really thought he'd pull through. I'm so sad. Rest in Peace sweet boy.

 SARAH'S SO BORING EVER SINCE SHE STOPPED BLOGGING Whoa, thanks a lot for everyone's support in all this. Basically, the official statement is this: I felt like this blog was fucking with my political aspirations. Seriously, who can run for president if people think they have a drinking problem, or a drug problem, or are mabye questionable private lives? I'm worried that in 11 years when I'm 35, pregnant with my second child, married to the singer of the Killers, and on the campaign trail, someone's gonna bust out something like: "On September 10, 2003, you said "I feel like last night didnt happen to me. It was such a blur and a whirlwind and a confusion of senses that it was like something out of a really trippy movie out of england about the rave drug culture or something. only, minus the dancing." Now don't you think you should've been mourning the near-2 year anniversary of September 11. You are a bad canidate!" And the whole thing would be down the tubes. Tragic! I'd make a good president. Not sure which party I'd be on yet, but whatever party it is better have an awesome DJ! But I was also really touched by everyone who posted such nice things on the comments section and who emailed me with their concerns (not to mention called me, my roommates, and friends -- many of whom offered to be my publicist). I'm fine. My health is fine. My job is fine. I really wanted to lose readers (ie: the people who read this blog, post on it, and say they don't like me, yet waste their time with my drivel). Overall, I was just totally touched by how sweet the people who read this little thing are. My Goodness! So this blog will return eventually. Hopefully nobody will care about it when it does (not to assume that people care about it now... but you get the idea), and I can continue to blog without someone making accusations and threats (word). I'll still be drunk. I'll still be making out with boys. I'll still be going out 39 times a week to see bands and tell you about them. But until then read SPIN. It's a good magazine! Suddenly I feel a bit like Jay-Z. 99 Problems but the blog aint one.

 THIS BLOG IS OVER have fun with the archives.

 UP IN HERE I'm DJing at Rothko on Saturday night at around 1am-ish. Please come. It'll be fun and there will be dancing and good times had by all! Here's all the important info: This Saturday June 5 Another Saturday and another rocking party with the following bands/djs: MyTvs: Record Release Party!!! MyTvs sound as if James Chance and The Contortions were still in their 20's and incorporated more catchy pop hooks into their songs. Mixel Pixel: Mixel Pixel has found a way of integrating old Atari/Nintendo sounds with punk, electro, experimental, and rock elements that resemble in spirit Johnny Thunders and Suicide to make some fun tunes that will get the crowd partying. For fans of The Unicorns, Ween, Suicide, The Flaming Lips, and peeps with a punk spirit. PJ Harvey: "Uh Huh Her" record release/listening party with giveaways. This is PJ Harvey's seventh album to date and it's as brilliant as ever. On this release she is bringing back some of her more raw and punk energy that she displayed on past great albums like "Dry". Djs: Oil(Kanine Records) and Scott(OtherMusic) and guest Dj Ultragrrrl(Spin Mag) playing a mix btw. Brit/Indie/PostPunk/Nu-wave/Remix dance music. Rothko (www.rothkonyc.com 116 Suffolk St. btw Rivington and Delancy, NYC) Cheap Drinks all night from your lovely bartenders Juliette and Andrew 9:00pm-4:00am, $5 from 9:00pm-12:00 for bands, free after 12:00 to dance *Also come celebrate Amelia Sutton(MTV) Birthday in dancing style!!! Check www.crashinin.com and www.filter-mag.com for hot upcoming events and new band reviews/interviews.

 HERE ARE THE YOUNG MODERNS Back on New Years Eve 98/99 I introduced myself to a boy who later became one of my very close friends. He was wearing a really cool marching band jacket and make up and looked like Adam Ant at his peak. I thought to myself that I wanted to be this person if i was actually a boy (something I really wish i was -- i'd make a great guy, especially with my knowledge of women). So we chatted a bit and he told me he was in a band in Chicago. I pretty much was like, yeah, whatever, everyone's in a band. I didn't think much about it. He told me his band was called urlLink Kill Hannah , and I noted to myself to at least check out a band fronted by such a cute boy. Shallow? Yeah. I was 18. Sue me. A few months later I somehow befriended this other boy named urlLink Adriel (whom also later became one of my very close friends) on the nerd who was from Chicago. I was totally excited because after searching endlessly for Kill Hannah tracks I had come up empty handed and finally I found someone who could send me songs. So he sent me a tape of a bunch of songs from KH eps. I popped it into my car's tape deck (I was commuting from NJ to my internship at urlLink spin.com at the time) and was totally estatic. It was so much awesome. Dreamy, sexy, New Order-ish, MBV-ish... I was in love! I listened to that tape over and over again until it was finally eaten up by the tape deck. I remember once driving around Tenafly to a friends house blasting a song, feeling like a total iconoclast in comparision to the kids i went to school with who were all still getting stoned to DMB, the Dead, and Phish. Despite their illadvised taste in music, I thought they were always so much cooler than me, and wished that maybe, just maybe, one of them would hear the cool songs blasting out of my car and be like "Sarah, that's some cool stuff. What is it?" It never happened. Little did i realize that i was a huge dork for blasting the songs really loud out of my Nissan Stanza. Anyway, the point of this is this: Today I got a package in the mail from Mat Devine, the singer of Kill Hannah. He wrote: "Here are a couple copies of the disc we just pressed -- please, you have to let the cassette go... it's a dead medium." Enclosed were two copies of The Curse of Kill Hannah 1996-1998 . A collection of the songs from their early EPs that made me fall head over heels in love with them in the first place. Once again I'm sat here at my desk, blasting "Chloroform," hoping that at least one cool kid people i work with will stop by my desk and say "hey, that sounds pretty cool. what is it?" Anwyay, the track listing for anyone else who might be a fan of Kill Hannah: 1. Hummingbirds the Size of Bullets 2. Kill Hannah 3. He Believes in Time Machiens 4. The Trains are so Loud 5. No One Dreams Anyway (demo) 6. Hummingbirds the Size of Bullets (remix) 7. Sleeping Like Electric Eels 8. Dazzle These Nights Dead 9. Held on By Wires 10. Agent Orange Skies 11. Stunt Pilots 12. Love Sick 13. Chloroform (Slow Reaction)

 NEWSFLASH! For every boy who admits that boys are retarded -- there's a girl out there who will do the same and admit that girls are fucking retarded sometimes. We all say we want Lloyd Dobbler... when in reality we want to save urlLink Steff . It's total and utter bullshit. I'm home sick today. My body is slowly deciding to not work. It's been protesting with me for the past week and I finally lost the war. Blows.

 HE'S NOT JESUS CHRIST BUT HE'S GOT THE SAME INITIALS I've been really busy these past few days, save for the last night where I just sat in a daze in front of the TV for about 4 hours watching episode after episode of season 3 of "The Family Guy" with the urlLink new urlLink roommates (we try to take a night off from boozing and slutting it up every once in a while to recharge... i'm joking of course, sort of). It was an exhausting weekend. Before I go into talking about my weekend... about the photo: "A man was fined nearly 300 dollars for drunk driving a donkey cart in a small South African town and then telling police he was unconcerned 'because the animals knew the way home.'(AFP/POOL/File) " What an ass! Last week I mentioned something about my parent's house being haunted. I've got no doubt in my mind that it is. After dinner on friday night I went to use the powder room for things that one does there -- and the light turned off when i was in a very compromising position. Thinking that the lights went off in the rest of the house as well, I grabbed a magazine to cover my junk from the world and ran to the door. It was stuck and i couldnt get it open. I panicked and yelled for my mom like the little bitch i am. I got it opened and to my disbelief, the rest of the house had light. Everything had light, but the bathroom i was in. I touched the light switch and it turned right back on. This ghost hasn't been around the whole time, and if it has, it hasn't been really interested in hanging out with us. But lately it's been racing across the room while my mom is on the phone, making my blind dog bark at the air, and has one hell of a sense of humor, shutting my lights off as I sit on the can. My aunt thinks it's a friendly ghost. You can buy shit from my parents' ghostly urlLink garage sale this weekend. Saturday I went out with my mom, aunt, and my cousins who are about 11 and 16. My little cousins are so fucking awesome... i'm stoked to be related to them. My cousin Renee is a gorgeous little girl who looks like a supermodel mixed with an Olsen Twin. She's 11 and short for her age, but stylish as hell. She was wearing this pin striped pair of pants, black chuck taylors, a layered top, and a blazer. I was like "Whoa, you look like you're in the Strokes!" her older brother, Eric (16), said "yeah, that's the look she's going for." We went to H&M and then I took Eric to Search & Destroy -- which he totally dug, but didnt get anything, and then we went to Urban Outfitters (dont front like you dont go there too... I know you do). The Streets' "Fit But You Know It" is totally fucking Blur's "Parklife." How fucking fun! Anyway, Saturday night I made my way to urlLink Misshapes hear urlLink Audrey DJ amazingly, and to dance with Lizzy, urlLink Niki , urlLink Marc , and urlLink Greg &Raphael. Check out urlLink Me and the Boyfriends . urlLink Andy found himself cornered by me so I could ask him details about the logistics of beheading a person. This sent Greg packing and made me thirsty for more knowledge. The best thing about having a friend like Andy, other then him being awesome, is that he's got this vast knowledge about science and medicine and can explain things to me in the most laymen of terms. He's like the indie rock Stephen Hawkins for retards like myself who like to ... uh... lay-men. It's weird. A few months ago I would get quickly exhausted from partying. I found myself crawling back home at midnight the latest to find my bed and fall asleep. I guess with the weather being better I'm able to find myself crawling home at after 4am these days... which I did on saturday night with Andy, urlLink Brian , and a few of their friends. We didn't go home as much as we went to the new club on Delancey called The Delancey. We tried to get in cause we heard there was an open bar, and found ourselves out of luck with a doorman wearing ill-advised leather pants. I never saw this dude's face cause he was like, 39 feet tall. So Andy and his lady friends walked me home as the sun was rising. Sunday night I went to the urlLink Trash party so i could DJ for the party kids. I really love DJing... it's like the most fun a person could have sometimes. I think I got really drunk tho, cause I remember straight lines were a joke, and I remember having a conversation with someone and having to keep my eyes closed (which hopefully made me look a bit pensive) so they wouldn't cross and give me a headache. I've been to Don Hills twice in the past month for the first time in ages, and both times, there were dancing half-naked people. Oy Vey. My parent's at least could breathe a sigh of relief that I wasn't one of those dancing-half-naked people. Not that there's anything wrong with it... When I was sober during the night I got to see Jess' new band called Americana and was fully impressed. There's something there for sure. A mix of Smiths and a bit of Emo... it was right up my alley. Jess has the looks and charm that a frontman needs and I'm gonna keep a steady eye on these guys. Monday it started pouring outside. I had invited some friends over a few days earlier promising a BBQ with lots of yummy food, but suddenly it didn't look like it was gonna happen. So me and the girls decided to cut our losses, tell people not to come over when they called to see if it was still on, and stick all the food in our fridge save for a few beers and some food that we were gonna cook up for ourselves. Needless to say, everyone figured that rain couldn't hold 3A down and showed up. We found an indoor grill and cooked up almost all the food we bought. Sorry to anyone i told to not come. We're gonna have a .. um.. rain date. I manned the grill, by the way, and made some killer chicken. Yesterday morning my brain was fucked. I had spent the past three days partying and was really super tired. I found myself in Long Island interviewing a former member of a boyband who shall remain nameless (there's a clue to his itentity in the title of this blog posting) in his hotel room, and then later in his bus. The Singer (who will be called TS from here on out) and I got off on the wrong foot, arguing about race car drivers. He told me that some drivers could make up to $200 Million A YEAR. Yeah, you read that number right. So my thought was "I don't see why they don't just quit racing after they take home that $200 million dollar paycheck." This statement launched TS into a total ghetto accent that was so over the top, it was a parody of itself: Me: "I don't see why they don't just quit racing after they take home that $200 million dollar paycheck." TS: "When it's what you know, you do it." Me: "Well, fine, but it seems unnecessary to keep it up if you're bringing home a check like that. All you need is one check and you're set for life." TS: "They're just doing what they know. They can't help it. It's what they know." Me: "Well, they should get to know something else. Something less life-threatening." TS: (getting a bit hostile) "What's they supposed to do? Be an accountant?" Me: (getting annoyed) "No, that's the point! They don't need a job. They can chill out. Hang out with their family. Go traveling." TS: "Not when racing is all you know. You gonna tell a pilot to get a different job when all they know is flying?" Me: "If I knew a pilot who brought home a $200 Million paycheck for one year of work, yes, I would tell him that." TS: "Well, it's all they know." According to the former member of a popular boyband that is possibly no longer together but features a member who went out with a popstar who is now looking like she had too many days snorting oxycontin, race car drivers aren't very faceted.

 THE CUTEST THING... EVER The Pandadog!

 IM BEGINNING TO QUESTION YOUR COMMITMENT TO SPARKLE MOTION If youve been reading this blog for any amount of time longer than a week (or maybe even just a week), itd come as no surprise that Im a very big fan of the movie Donnie Darko . Ive seen the movie about 30 times and even bought a DVD player largely so I could watch the movie at home with commentary and deleted scenes because I wanted to understand the movie better. Just like a boy who doesnt really like to talk  you become obsessed. What are they hiding? What can you unlock? What about the bigger picture of this are you missing? Its like Jordan Catalano syndrome, only I feel like Donnie Darko is deeper that my high school crush. And yes, youve just entered another Donnie Darko related post. A very long one at that. One of the things that really drew me the most into Monde Donnie Darko was the accompanying music: Echo and the Bunnymen s The Killing Moon, Tears for Fears  Head Over Heels, Joy Division s Love Will Tear Us Apart, Duran Duran s Notorious, The Church s Under the Milky Way, and Gary Jules  version of the Tears for Fears song Mad World, to name a few. For the longest time I just thought that these songs were merely put in there to put a time context to the movie and because they were really fucking cool songs. In retrospect, I realize that these songs were actually plot devices serving as clues to whats going on in the movie and to maybe help the viewer get a better sense of what everything' means. Until urlLink Scott sent me a link to a urlLink Salon article urlLink about the movie I still hadnt figured things out. So before reading on, I suggest you go to that article. I warn you, I will be super insane about this, so you might not follow because Im not sure my thoughts are totally flushed out to the point of making sense. [EDIT: I saw the directors cut last night (I unfortunately missed the first 4 minutes, which meant that I missed one of my favorite scenes, which also means I missed the fact that they changed the song they used in the opening scene. It was no longer "The Killing Moon" by Echo and the Bunnymen. Now it's INXS' "Never Tear Us Apart" and apparently the song worked really nicely. I guess I'll go see it again tomorrow so I can see this for myself. Anyway, there are some added comments to this post that I thought about since last night -- and since seeing the directors cut, so i'm putting those notes in red, just like this.] Echo and the Bunnymen  The Killing Moon The movie, I found, nearly appears to be written almost as if the screenwriter had been given an assignment to create a movie based on a song, and that song is The Killing Moon by Echo and the Bunnymen. Must I point out the fact that Donnie Darko spends the whole movie following around and listening to the advice of a dude in a bunny costume? (BTW  apparently NINs Hurt inspired the movie Fight Club .) Under blue moon I saw you begins the song. The blue moon represents a rare moment, much like the rare moment when something happens in the universe that causes there to be two universes. A freaky occurrence in space, the world or universe will collapse and destroy itself. Nature killing itself. Up in your arms too late to beg you or cancel it though I know it must be the killing time, unwillingly mine - Donnie, for the first time (a rare moment a la a blue moon), experiences love but also needs to face the fact that he must destroy and kill everything to save everything. Its something he doesnt want to do but needs too, nearly against his will. Fate, up against your will. Through the thick and thin, he will wait until you give yourself to him. -- OK, the first part of this line can be interpreted as how Donnie must face his fate as the inevitable and unlikely superhero  a fate nearly all super heroes feel sort of unhappy with. The second part of that line can be used with two reasons: 1. Donnies girlfriend Gretchen most likely gives her virginity to Donnie (or at least takes his) and he needs to have that in his life to feel complete and then feel alright and not alone about destroying the parallel universe so he can save the real one, and 2. Donnie is giving himself to God by following through with what fate had left him with. In starlit nights I saw you. So cruelly you kissed me. Your lips a magic world, your sky all hung with jewels. The killing moon, will come too soon. -- What kisses Donnie cruelly under starlit night is the kiss of death for his love, Gretchen. The lips forcing him into a magic, parallel world. The hung part is obviously referencing his ginormous cock. La la la la la... -- the nonchalantness Donnie eventually feels about the whole thing when hes sat in his bed laughing. OK, Im stretching with that one. [EDIT: This song doesn't open the film anymore. Instead it's what you hear just after Donnie and Gretchen have sex for the first time. It works pretty well in that scene as well since it's got the whole concept of there being a killing moon and Donnie kills Frank shortly after while they're in the twilight. It also pushes the "fate up against your will" concept of how Donnie is just doing what fate has called for him to do -- which is DESTROY THE TANGENT UNIVERSE] Joy Division  Love Will Tear Us Apart OK, whatever Donnie is feeling in this movie can be summed up best by this song. His love for Gretchen, his short, yet undying love for her, causes him to destroy everything. It tears them apart because she follows him to the cellar door and gets killed by Frank. It tears them apart because when Donnie is given a second chance to live and repeat everything that went wrong for a chance to be in love with Gretchen again  or maybe not even repeat for definite but face the chance of repeating the fate that leads to Gretchens death, he chooses to off himself so she might live. At least he got to live a life for a short time when he was in love and knew that someone loved him back. Hed rather die than not feel that again. His love for her, tears them apart. Unlike The Killing Moon, its about Love Will Tear Us Aparts feeling, rather than the lyrics. Duran Duran  Notorious Not my favorite Duran Duran song, but Im assuming the reason it was used (if the director/music supervisior was as meticulous about the song selection as Im making them out to be) was because of this line: No.. no.. notorious! I.. can't read about it, burns the skin from your eyes, I'll do fine without it, here's one you don't compromise. Lies come hard to disguise, let me to fight it out, not wild about it. Lay your seedy judgements, who says they're part of our lives? -- Patrick Swayzes character , Jim Cunningham, comes to Donnies town as a sort of holier than thou self help master whom Donnie calls out for being a fraud and the anti-Christ. Turns out Donnie was right. Cunningham was busy with a child pornography ring when he wasnt busy trying to convince everyone that he was the second coming. This is discovered when Donnie burns down his house and the fire department finds a secret room filled with the sicko porno tapes. Pretty seedy for such a judgmental person. He was no longer able to disguise his lies, despite Kitty God is Awesome Farmers attempt to prove his innocence. Its no mistake that this was played during Sparkle Motions performance, and when Donnie was burning down Jim Cunninghams house. And it was probably also no mistake that Jims last name was Cunningham seeing as the word cunning means Marked by or given to artful subtlety and deceptiveness. Tears for Fears  Head Over Heels This song is the first song post-galaxy change. Something happens and Im head over heels  that something is, lets see, when the universe splits into two and Donnie finds himself on bizarroverse. Eventually its an action that Donnie commits later on in the movie that causes him to get through the film: He kills Frank. Frank is killed during the 28 day bizarro period and therefore able to exist and walk around as he wishes (as a sort of ghost), advising Donnie on what to do. If Donnie never shot and killed Frank towards the end of the movie he never wouldve been able to destroy the bizarroverse because Frank served as a helper. Anyway, basically this line is pretty impressively used if youre as crazy as I am and over analyzing lyrics at 9:30 pm on a Friday night It's hard to be a man when there's a gun in your hand. [EDIT: there's a line at the end of this song that I haven't been able to find on any of the lyrics databases for this song. If I am hearing it correctly, what's being said at the very end of this song is: "One little boy, one little man. Funny how time flies." Donnie is a little boy, turned into a little man almost instantly, and in the directors cut of the movie he makes a reference to time flying. He makes time fly.] If youve gotten this far, color me impressed. Its pretty much downhill from here. The Church  Under the Milky Way I dont know if this movie was the first time I heard this song since it seemed incredibly familiar to me the moment it came on screen. I wish I could remember exactly which part this song came in on since that might make some sort of difference for my purposes. In terms of when it was used in the movie: the song came on just after Donnie and Gretchen had sex for the first and last time (unless he fucked her corpse, you know, for old times). However, the line that works well for this is: And it's something quite peculiar, something that's shimmering and white. Leads you here despite your destination, under the Milky Way tonight. You know how Donnie keeps on following those silver orbs? Those are quite peculiar, shimmering, and sort of white. They lead him around despite what he thinks his destination should be  or rather they lead him to what his destination should be. It all happens under the Milky Way  which is out of its mind on that particular night. [EDIT: In the directors cut they had this song playing while Donnie was driving in the car with his father. The song that played post coital changed to "The Killing Moon".] Tears for Fears/Gary Jules  Mad World Well, this is the last song we hear in the movie. We hear this song when Donnie finally gets everything back in order (after using his telekinesis powers to rip the engine thing off the wing of the airplane his mom and sister were on and cause a sort of time traveling machine that destroyed the parallel universe he was in  I shit you not, thats what he did) . No more bizarre universe. No more dead girlfriend. No more dead bunnyman. Its a crazy world, this world he lives in. This world we live in. And if it werent for the martyr by the name of Donnie Darko, wed be dead. [EDIT: I forgot to mention that the song contains the incredible line "I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad, that the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I ever had." This is one of the most important lines of the song, and I totally forgot to mention it. There are a lot of theories that the entire movie was a prophetic dream of Donnie's, and that all the people in his life had a similar dream. If it was a prophetic dream, and he died in it, and he fell in love, then it'd be easy to say that it was the best he ever had.] Thank you and good night.

 UH OH Apparently I left my AIM on at work. This is a problem cause I'm home today since it's a summer Friday. Thanks to anyone who came out to bar 13 last night for Jordan's birthday party. I had a lot of fun DJing. I don't really understand why people don't dance to "Waiting Room" by Fugazi -- but that don't matter, I'll play it anyway until i'm blue in the face. I'll bring the tits, you bring the hits.

 WHY ARE YOU IN THAT STUPID BUNNY SUIT? In case you forgot, Donnie Darko - The Directors Cut is in theaters now. For you New Yorkers, it's playing at the AMC on 42nd Street. I will probably be there when you're there because I can't think of anywhere I'd rather be. Unless of course, that anywhere else is the Curiosa festival on Saturday. But if you didn't want to spend $60+ seeing the Cure, Interpol, and a band I kinda like called Muse, you can head over to the Village Idiot and have your very last beer there. Hide your sisters/girlfriends/daughters cause my brother will be there in full effect with his friends. If the guy in the wheelchair asks you to sit on his lap -- DON'T DO IT. Theyre closing down the legendary tavern this weekend. I wasnt allowed in there in the first place. My brother managed to have me banned. Last night in the wee hours of the night, after my friends and I polished off a bottle of rum in the kitchen of SPIN offices after watching the Fever perform, we headed back to my house, ordered Rush Hour, snorted enough heroin to kill Pete Libertines (i'm kidding of course -- it he would've been fine), and talked about how music, just like friends sometimes, can come to you in phases and mean less to you years down the road. For instance: In 1993 I was obsessed with the Beatles Sgt Peppers and REM. I wanted to be Michael Stipe. I made all my friends sing REM songs in those karaoke booths that you have at Bar Mitzvahs. Sadly, "Shiny Happy People" was the only thing available, and even more sadly, I knew all of Michael Stipes' dance moves from the video. I would even find a baseball cap to wear to the side like he did, and i think that somewhere in my parent's house there exists about 4 different versions of me doing this with my friends. "Baby Got Back" was fun to do as well. Particularly because back then I weighed about 70 lbs and lacked a "back" and didn't understand what "my anaconda dont want nothing if you aint got buns hon." In 1994 I became obsessed with Nirvana. This obsession lasted about 3 years and intertwined with my obsession with Beck, Hole, and The Smiths (not to mention the crazed obsession I had with my brother's New Wave Hits of the 80s Vol 1-15 collection). In 1997 I became obsessed with Radiohead and listened to them once a day for nearly three years. I became known around the SPIN offices as the intern with an unnatural obsession with Radiohead. That was followed with obsessions with The Walkmen, Interpol, and Placebo. All those bands meant more to me than anything in the world. They helped me out with my hardest moments in my life. Heartaches, downfalls, sickness, sadness, those bands were there for me. But then, they'd serve their purpose or something would distract me and I'd have a new obsession (my emo band would be called Her Daily Obsession). Bands are like friends in that way, for me at least. Some months/years, there's a person who is the closest person to me in my life. If anything happens they're the first person I call. Then that friend might move away to go to college, or pursue a job, or get a boy/girlfriend and I see that friend less and less. It doesn't mean that I love them any less, it just means that my dependency in them isn't so strong. Maybe I'm an emotionally detached person? Anyway, when I listen to REM, Nirvana, and Hole I'm able to appreciate them -- but I don't need them anymore. I'm friendly with them, and if they were actual people instead of songs, I'd want to get brunch with them and catch up on old times and tell them about the new crushes I have and how i'm soooo over John, Orin, Matt, Chris...

 MOVIN ON DOWN This blog has suddenly become sarahslist.org... another one of my friends is looking for a roommate. This time is the DJ duo known as Death & Destruction (Ryan Rayhill and urlLink Alexander Chow ) and the ever so red urlLink Eva . Ryan can be reached at: ryan@rockstargames.com if you're interested in the space. Details below: 1 very good sized room in a 3 bedroom apt available August 8th. Rent is $1000/mo. You would be living with one 26 yr. old male who works at a magazine and a couple, 28 yr. old male who does PR and one 26 yr. old female who works at a performing arts school. We all play music and are in bands. We have occasional guests and get togethers. Here are some more details: -East Village (2nd Ave. and 3rd St.) -Close to F Train, Astor Place and Union Sq. -Room has a large closet with shelves -Corner Room has 2 windows with great view of downtown -Small kitchen area with stove, fridge, microwave -Medium size living room area with hardwood floors -1 bathroom -Several windows providing a lot of natural light -prefer non-smokers but smokers ok -prefer someone who is CLEAN and keeps their mess to themselves as much as possible. -Apt. is a 4th floor walk-up -We have no pets but small dogs or cat may be OK but please let us know. [if they dont like your dog/cat they'll probably eat it - sarah] You will of course be expected to pay 1/4 of the bills and we will require 1st months rent as well as a deposit ($2000 total) before move in.

 DO YOU LIKE PARTY? Happy Birthday urlLink Jordace! Come and celebrate Jordan's birthday tonight at Bar 13 (13th and University). Apart from fun dancing, I will also be DJing at around midnight. Jordan is gonna make me DJ "Hungry Eyes" at some point, i think, but apart from that I'll be busting out the jams that bring all the boys the yard. Three words: IT'S BOOTY TIME

 MISSHAPES MISHAPS Check out how fabulous urlLink Misshapes' Greg K is: (he's the one in the pink pants)

 LOVE WILL TEAR US APART HOLY FUCKING SHIT. You know how they're making a movie based on Deborah Curtis' book urlLink "Touching from a Distance" ? Oh, you dont? Well, urlLink they are . And guess who is playing Ian Curtis. UM... here's a clue, you're staring at his photo. SEXIEST MOVIE EVER. You know how those geeks waited in line for Star Wars for like 4 years... I'm gonna be doing that starting tomorrow.

 BECOME A ROOMMATE urlLink Greg the Boyfriend is looking for a roommate. He lives in Williamsburg, Brooklyn and apparently has a really lovely apartment. I dont know cause I've never been. I don't like going to boys' apartments and I don't like going to Brooklyn, ever, so those are two huge strikes against me ever playing in their kiddie pool (not to mention the sight of me in a bathing suit is nothing I'd wish on anyone). The other day Greg coined a great concept: "When you date someone, you also date their friends. They are the in-laws of youth." Greg is a fantastic writer.

 SHE'S CRAZY FOR... CoCo puffs? Nope. Apparently C.Lo likes to be up to date on the going ons of urlLink Muse and Franz Ferdinand too! Also, check out urlLink her bling . I want that.

 PANIC ON THE STREETS My friend Rob, who happens to be one of the most wonderful people put on this earth that I know, is going to Dublin over the next two weeks. He's looking for stuff to do and so I'm wondering if anyone who reads this blog might be able to help him out, and if so, please share with the rest of the class by posting it in the comments section. Thank you. Rob writes: "Any tips you have about your favorite cool places, clubs, bands, food, drink, ways of getting round town, etc. would do me a world of good. Thank you, and may all your sons be bishops. Morrissey said there was panic in the streets there, but he said the same thing about Dundee and Humberside. The man Can't be trusted!"

 SEX, DRUGS, AND FARGO 'Allo. Fans of SPIN's very own Chuck Klosterman can finally gawk at him in person! TONIGHT! If you live in NYC, I strongly urge you to go to his reading at the Astor Place Barnes and Noble at 7:30pm. There, he will be talking about his book urlLink Sex, Drugs, and CoCo Puffs - A Low Culture Manifesto , now available in paperback. If you haven't picked it up yet, now would be a good time cause you can have Chuck explain the book to you and sign it. One day that book might be worth a lot of money. Also, it's one of those books that nearly killed me cause I was so into reading it that I'd read it while I walked down the street, often times just avoiding traffic. It's that good. Also, on a sort of related topic, some dentist liked to urlLink inject sperm into the mouths of patients. Yum. Speaking of urlLink horse sperm . Oh, we weren't?

 WE CAN PLANT A HOUSE, WE CAN BUILD A TREE or a cake. Today I am sore and tired. My father came over yesterday and built a wall for urlLink Lindsay's room and we tried to help him out as much as possible. Before she was pretty much sleeping in the kitchen with a chinese curtain diving things. It made it hard for me to get a late night snack or come in late at night w/out waking her up. My dad is a super hero and the wall looks amazing. It's removeable and goes up to the ceiling and in a couple of days we're all getting Divo (digital tivo) set up, so we'll never leave the house. Oh joy. Things I learned this weekend: - Always check ID and make sure they're of age. - urlLink Brian is an amazing DJ. - All the latino boys who live on the LES dress like Kevin Federline. All of them. GIGANTIC WHITE T-SHIRTS.

 POWER GLOVE! Check out Jenny Lewis, Fred Savage, and a boy who could've grown up to look like Jude Law. urlLink IT'S SO BAD .

 EVERYONE WHO PRETENDED TO LOVE ME IS DRUNK Last night I went to see the Hives at Irving Plaza, but because I'm graced with a 5'1" frame and an absurd refusal to wear platforms or heels anymore, I saw most of the show from the monitors in the back of the venue. Unless, of course, I was jumping up and down or peaking a view of the band between peoples' heads. I LOVE THE HIVES! Yes, I do. I CAN'T SEE THE HIVES! No, I can't. So for me to give a review of this show would be incredibly inappropriate and also inaccurate since I couldn't actually see the show and just managed to enjoy the music and the chance to dance around with my friends as people who employ me got me drunk. After the show, the people who employ me got me more drunk. As I walked with my boss, an editor, a former roommate, and a friend to the after party I declared things such as my love for the guitarist of the Hives, Nicolas Arson, and the fact that I think sex is dirty. "SEX IS DIRTY!" I yelled to my BOSS . She responded with "Well, what about Nicolas Arson? I don't think you can yell that at him." I told her that that would be my opening line. It wasn't. Instead, when i finally met Mr. Arson, my line was "Great show" and i hopped off. A white lie, since i didn't actually see the show, but I didn't know what to say by that point and I was drunk. I could either make a fool of myself or I could just be polite. I chose politeness. However, when I met up with Pelle I insisted on taking two photos with him, one smiling and one with my patented pouty face. So back to the party action: It was at the Grammercy Hotel Bar. It was really quite nice with a bottle of vodka and mixer at every table, not to mention some mystery swedish foods on a buffet. As I sat on a couch enjoying a strong drink prepared by a friend I got roudy and hollared at some boy. Literally hollared. "YO!" He walked over. We chatted. I went to the bathroom and managed to get the entire place to sing "Boaderline" by Madonna. It was lika movie. Very odd. I came back out to the party, balance glasses on my head, was told not to flirt with the interns, danced around a bit I think. And then, when I realized that maybe I should go home, I hopped in a cab with my roommate and was whisked home. I guess i was in enough of a state that she found it appropriate to offer to tuck me in. My friends are nice. So how was the show? Good question. I was told by those who are taller than me, that it was very good. How was the party? Drunk. On another note: urlLink Laura slash temp has the best ever review of urlLink an Elefant show ever. I'm sad i missed the new songs. urlLink Greg and I were in a band for a short moment with the members of Elefant minus Diego called Debutaunt. We had a hit song in England called "Eleventeen Times." True story. Sort of. urlLink The Stills have a new video for "Lola Stars and Stripes" Directed by Oliver Gondry (he's done some amazing videos, whoa). What's exciting to me about this video is that for a split moment you can see my skinny friend Jordan running around in it. He found out about the video shoot from reading this blog. You can see Jordan running around too. You can watch it here: Windows: urlLink 100k | urlLink 300k | urlLink 450k Quicktime: urlLink 56k | urlLink 100k | urlLink 300k | urlLink 450k SWF: urlLink 300k | urlLink 450k What the label and band want you to know about this video is the following: "The events of Sep 11 sparked a new concern and gave our generation a tangible moment to make our own. This post-9/11 period is OUR time: it is us middle-class kids with nothing to immediately or concretely worry about that have to seize the moment and incite change. The bombs will be on our side of the pond very soon if we do not do something about it. It is about more than romance this time, it's about the fate of the world." -Dave Hamelin of The Stills and the writer of Lola. "When I did read the lyrics, the first image I got in my mind was them walking in a happy area, then them walking in an area devastated by war. Later, I decided to try to make it happen in a one-shot sequence. I've been impressed by the 9/11 video footage of guys shooting the tower and running and still shooting when the towers fell. That's what I wanted the footage to look like. It's not political, just the contrast war/peace" -Olivier Gondry "The video for Lola Stars And Stripes was filmed in Spanish Harlem in NYC. There is a conceptual link between the video and the events on September 11, but it merely references elements. The band members rise and fall (as if dead), as the song crescendos and de-crescendos. When the song is most explosive, animated explosions emphasize a wartime atmosphere as the band runs in a panic. At these points the video becomes black and white and the camera work has a more documentary feel to it. There is a degree of playfulness that is incorporated into the video. If we were too serious it might have come off as pretentious, heavy handed or silly. Working with Mr. Gondry was an honor. Firstly, being able to communicate in French was great! Secondly, he is very talented and great to work with" -Tim Fletcher of The Stills

 SWEEDISH MEATBALLS OF FIRE If you're not going to the Devo/YYYs/stellastarr* show tonight (FYI - Rain blows when you've forgotten your umbrella. So bring it tonight to the summer stage show) and are itching do to something fun. Check this shit out: THE SHOUT OUTLOUDS urlLink http://www.kirreboy.nu/shoutoutlouds .these guys have been compared to the cure, the pixies and yes... stellastarr* but w/ a popier approach. they've created a massive industry buzz and will be showcasing their live show @ rothko to reps from many labels. come out and see the next big thing!!! they have flown all the way from Sweden to play this show! THE BLUE VAN urlLink http://www.thebluevan.dk/ .tvt's newest rockers from Denmark! DJs: Alex English urlLink Melody Nelson

 VH1 -- YOU'RE GONNA PAY! As i was getting ready for work this morning I found my head transfixed on the TV while watching VH1's morning video programming. Here's what my brain would've said if it could talk: Maroon 5: Why do i like this guy's voice? He's hot. Whoa, he's making out with an older lady. I see why all my girlfriends are obsessed with this dude. Why do i like his voice? Avril Lavigne: Whoa, she's hot. I'd do her. Keane: Pretty. Pretty. Pretty. Music nice. This is like gay brother music. My favorite song by Coldplay is "Politik" ... this is piano driven like it. I like Muse. KarenRTAG: i think there is crack in these photos KarenRTAG: urlLink http://www.e-michael.jp/gallery/pug009.2.jpg Ultragrrrl: THAT MIGHT be my favorite. KarenRTAG: i really dont have one KarenRTAG: i just cant choose Ultragrrrl: wanna hear something evil? KarenRTAG: sure! Ultragrrrl: i really like that keane single KarenRTAG: HAHAHAHA! KarenRTAG: keane are alarmingly sneaky about being good KarenRTAG: the whole album is good but you just cant admit it Ultragrrrl: WTF? KarenRTAG: but you cant like them Ultragrrrl: i just can't help it. Ultragrrrl: i want to hear that single all day long. KarenRTAG: which song do you mean Ultragrrrl: it sounds like "so why dont we go..." KarenRTAG: somewhere only we know KarenRTAG: a simple thing! Ultragrrrl: yeah. that one. i'm gonna buy it on itunes. KarenRTAG: where have you gone KarenRTAG: i have the album Ultragrrrl: i have it somewhere. i cant find it. Ultragrrrl: the poor people in my office. i will play this forty times starting... NOW. KarenRTAG: this is the last time is really good too KarenRTAG: im going to listen to keane now KarenRTAG: ive been listening to emo all morning Ultragrrrl: this is going up on my blog.

 JUST LIKE HEAVEN Thank you Kavin Kavin for showing me what urlLink heaven looks like .

 BEAN TOWN ROCK For those of you who are frolicking up in Boston, please check out this show TONIGHT. urlLink The Wicked Presents: urlLink Asobi Seksu urlLink .morning theft. Low Beam TONIGHT - thurs, 7/22 @ great scott's, allston, ma 9pm start, 18+, $7

 I... I ... JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY Color me speechless. First urlLink Yahoo! is reporting about walking monkeys and now this from the urlLink BBC : The Doody family hope to raise profile of faggots urlLink Family of faggot fans fly the flag Quoth the article: "The great British faggot is full of flavour and a great belly warmer at this time of year." DO NOT SEND ME HATE MAIL. I AM JUST REPORTING THE NEWS. And besides, you're totally gonna send that link to everyone you know. EDIT: Gay Fuel .

 HOLY FUCKING SHIT urlLink JERUSALEM - A young monkey at an Israeli zoo has started walking on its hind legs only  aping humans  after a near death experience, the zoo's veterinarian said Wednesday. It seems almost fated that a possible evolutionary milestone is happening in the Holy Land. It's almost like a sign. The sign being that God wants us to watch Planet of the Apes.

 MICHAEL JACKSON urlLink Is Pregnant .

 HORAY!!! urlLink Snowden is playing tonight (8pm) at Rothko (Suffolk btw Rivington and Delancey on the LES) with THE TWENTY TWOS! (10 pm). Fantastic line-up! Thank you urlLink Vicious for your thoughtful booking!

 I WANNA BE SEDATED It was awesome seeing my friend urlLink Jake on VH1's "I Love The 90s" all this past week and weekend. When I was in high school I was totally in awe of him and had massive crush. What was there not to like? He was cute, had cool taste in music, a cool show on MTV, and he was like 14. Here's him urlLink interviewing Joey Ramone before his voice cracked (which i guess could be any time between age 12 and 23). Fantastic interview!

 NARCISM OVERLOAD! Total Genius = urlLink Cewebrity

 urlLink HE ONCE PUT THE EMO IN CHEMO My friend Sean McGrath, who tragically lost his battle with cancer last month, recorded the song called "I Hate This Stupid Bike" for the Vagrant compilation "In Honor: A Compilation To Beat Cancer." You can stream it urlLink HERE . Please play it loud, it's a rocking song. You can contribute to the charity his family set up urlLink Hold Onto Your Friends by going to that hyperlink. And if you're a fan of the band Thursday, you can buy a special made t-shirt. Also, I should note that about a year ago when I was chatting on AIM with Sean, as we did whenever he would sign on and IM me with the endearing greeting of "hey nerdo," I asked him how cancer was treating him... his response was "I put the emo in chemo." Despite being sick, he didn't let that fuck with his sassy sense of humor, and so this post's subject line is trying to celebrate that... cause he would've wanted it that way. Trust me.

 SHALOM! It means hello, goodbye, and peace in heeeeeb. So say hello to another update from my very good friend urlLink Adi in Israel ! UPDATE: I PUT UP THE WRONG LINK TO ADI'S BLOG. IT'S BEEN FIXED!

 LET THEM EAT STUFF Max Dropout thinks that Franz Ferdinand are 3 generation Talking Heads hacks and hates pretty much everything else in popular culture, including yours truely... yet he continues to read and post on this site. Perhaps you share in Max's hatred of all things popculture (which sort of seems very urlLink Buddyhead to me) and would enjoy his online zine urlLink Let Them Eat Lead . He's invited all the hoes who read this blog over. I like things too much (according to him, my taste is ignorant) to read his zine, but some people seem to like it.

 RUN FOR COVER MOTHERFUCKER So, what did you do friday night? Something fabulous, I'm sure. Me? Oh, funny you should ask. Let's see, I went to New Jersey to eat shabbat dinner with my family, kiss my doggy on her blind head, and sit infront of a computer screen trying to look for something to entertain me enough while watching FUSE. Thanks for asking. I really enjoy going to NJ to pay my respects to the G to the O to the D. I think that tradition is totally lost in our/my generation. Whenever I tell people that I'm not going out on friday because I'm being a good jew, they look at me like i just said that Franz Ferdinand are hacks (they're not, by the way). But, with all due respect, I gotta say that lately my friends have been totally understanding and cool about my chosen arrangement (my homobro chooses to spend his in the hamptons or with his homofriends doing homostuff). I really enjoy it. It's kind of counter-culture, and being counter-culture is what being punk is about... so by default of being semi-traditional with my religious values, i'm punk. HEAR ME ROAR! roar. Speaking of traditional values, the Franz Ferdinand album makes me wanna have casual sex in public. I just read in Blender magazine that Brad Pitt enjoys that album as well, so i hope he feels the same way as I do.

 LONG TIME COMING So last night I went to see the Delays with my exboss. I had made the mistake of saying "they sound like stevie nicks crossed with MBV" which was totally off. Basically, I need to stop listening to the same track "zero zero one" (which does sound like the above mentioned description... actually more cocteau twins, so i was TOTALLY OFF) over and over again. They were fantastic. The singer's voice carried over the crowd like a wave of mutilation. I stared in awe as he yelped like a crazed voice with an uncommonly fantastic voice. At times, it reminded me of urlLink JJ72 (remember them? i loved them). My brother Lawrence has started an amazing new company called urlLink RentBid . It's like eBay but for apartment rentals and it's totally fucking unreal. You dont have to pay a brokers fee or anything. The site just launched last week so there aren't that many listings, but I just found a 3 bedroom rental in harlem for $1500. No fee! Czech it. urlLink She's lost control . Does anyone have the new Midtown record? Their "Aremageddon" vs. Muse's "Apocalypse Please"... it's like STP vs. Pearl Jam, but for one fucking song! Lastly, I don't know if I've mentioned this yet, but Alex Chow's band, urlLink Madison Strays is playing tonight at the urlLink Mercury Lounge . They sound like the Psychedellic Furs. They're also playing with everyone's favorite disco punk bands urlLink The Flesh and urlLink The Moving Units . All three are fucktastically awesome bands. Probably your new favorite!

 A CINDERELLA VOICE MAIL OMG! Hilary Duff totally called me today and left me this awesome voice mail and like, it was a fairy tale and apparently this boy named Chris thinks I'm cute. Hot! urlLink she can call you too .

 WOOO PARTY. FUN TIMES urlLink click the thumbnail and watch it grow. no rsvp needed.

 TICKETS ARE ON SALE NOW For the Killers show at Bowery. Don't say I didn't warn you. urlLink Click Here . And if you even TRY to take my spot at the front of the stage I will break your knees. Also, as if that weren't enought, the Libertines are playing the next night, then the Music is playing the night right after that. I think the NME are gonna try to rent out my closet for one of their reporters to stay in.

 BREAKING NEWS urlLink Penn brothers want Bush in frat, not the White House I honestly can't decide which quote is more fascinating: "I think I would rather have Kerry hold my feet during a keg stand because, let's face it, you need... someone responsible to do something like that," Penn junior Patrick Carroll said. "You wouldn't want to fall and chip your teeth on the keg or something, and I could just picture 'college-era' Bush seeing a hot girl across the room and dropping everything he was doing to go talk to her," the Kappa Alpha brother said. "Nader wouldn't have a chance," Brodsky explained. "Kerry is cool because he has morals, something G.W. and Nader do not, but George Bush is the only one that I can see playing Beirut [aka Beer Pong] while shot-gunning a Natty Ice. So I guess I'd have to pick Bush."

 I LIKE STUFF, HE LIKES STUFF, THAT'S COOL In an amazing turn of events, MTV's fantastic show, "Room Raiders," has ventured out of Bergen County, NJ and into Miami tonight! Oh joy! urlLink Karen are you on top of this? I went to see Dennis' new band urlLink The Sons of Sound . Holy shit! Run, do no walk, to their next show. As soon as I find out when it is, i'll post it here. Watching their set tonight was like seeing a combination of urlLink Muse and urlLink Secret Machines with a slight disco punk beat. Truely fantastic. The songs are there, the sound is there, everything was there. Shockingly, I think it's something like their 2nd show as a full band. Dennis used to be the lead singer of the Realistics, and his new band is nothing like it, so don't show up expecting that sort of thing. J'adore le Family Guy. So should you. Now you can buy Family Guy urlLink action figures . This is so much awesome. Growing up my brother Lawrence was a huge fan of Andrew Dice Clay. I must say, the dude is urlLink still awesome . Also, one of my friendsters/slight internet crushes, Ollie, has a band in LA called urlLink The Ooh Las . I've never met Ollie in person, but I always thought she looked really pretty in photos. So when I found out she had a band I was pretty suprised and eager to hear what they sound like. Low and behold, she sounds a bit like Kim Deal and I was quite impressed. Anyway, her band is looking for drummer, so if you're a drummer in LA please urlLink check this out . So, since this blog is about my sobriety (or more often, lack there of, I figured that I'd share that tonight I didn't have one drop of alcohol. Impressed? Didn't think so. Earlier in the night, I was debating going over to Filter 14 for the Girls & Boys reunion party which is happening right now and probably off the hook. But I am exhausted. I need sleep, no alcohol, and nothing else in my body that doesn't belong there. This weekend is Siren Festival so I will probably be unable to walk straight for the next week. Viva being drunk beyond retardation! OK, this post was boring. No personality. Sorry. Hopefully you found out about some cool bands and stuff!

 HUBBA HUBBA I'm gonna let urlLink Grambo take care of the Britney gossip while urlLink StereoBritney is doing trust falls with the fine people of his office. Instead of Brit, I'll give you this fucking hot photo of the Presley women (three generations, whoa). Grandaughter Elvis is a model -- looks like she's got a bright future.

 BY THE WAY The super awesome photos I've featured the past couple of days can be found in their full amazing glory urlLink right here , along with amazing photos of urlLink British Sea Power and urlLink the Yeah Yeah Yeahs .

 BY THE WAY The super awesome photos I've featured the past couple of days can be found in their full amazing glory urlLink right here , along with amazing photos of urlLink British Sea Power and urlLink the Yeah Yeah Yeahs .

 I SEE THAT YOU'VE COME TO RESIST ME Apart from seeing Anchorman last night and listening to the new Interpol album on repeat 39 times, the most exciting thing to happen to me this weekend was going to Misshapes. I came with urlLink Niki and urlLink Brian dressed in all white from the 40oz extravaganza that was the White Party, and arrived on a drunkfest of dancers. I need to remind myself to give up wearing heels. I hate them, they hate me, and after about a half hour of standing around and maybe dancing a bit (i REALLY dont remember), I decided it was time to go home. Oh, but this was just after a boy, who was standing near the DJ booth, toppled over. Just like... timber style. The poor boy hit his head on his way down and under a counter just at Brian's feet. So a few people propped him up and Brian carried him out with a bouncer cause, Holy Cute Drunken Boy, Batman, it was clear that this boy needed to go home. Sadly, the boy was still outside about 15 minutes later leaning against a wall. He looked like a poor puppy. We went over to help him out and figure out how to get him home. I took his wallet out of his pants and handed it over to Brian who did some investigating and found out where he lived. His phone was dead so we couldn't call any of his friends. We tried to get him in a cab and Niki tried to convince me not to take him home. I love strays! After trying to get him to let us put him in a cab for about 10 minutes, Niki grabbed my hand and led me to a cab so we could go home. Anyway, I posted a urlLink missed connection for the boy to make sure he made it home OK. Still no word. Hope he's alright! By the way, urlLink Greg went to see urlLink The Five O'Clock Heroes at urlLink Mercury Lounge on Friday and said that they were fantastic. I am pretty much in love with their song "Run to Her." Sadly, their website is acting up, so you might have to check back.

 I SWEAR THIS IS NOT A FANSITE! But I just got word that urlLink The Killers will be playing at urlLink Bowery Ballroom on August 16. I think you can buy tickets on urlLink ticketweb this time.

 TINA, EAT SOME HAM Can someone please tell me where i can download Napolean Dynamite on bittorrent? thanks!

 CAN'T YOU SEE WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO MY HEART AND SOUL this is a wasteland now OK, it's only July (it took me a moment to think of what month it was, yikes), and I'm already fretting over what my favorite album of the year will be. I've got it narrowed down to five, but choosing the order is causing me to break out in hives: Interpol - Antics The Killers - The Hot Fuss Franz Ferdinand - Franz Ferdinand My Chemical Romance - Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge Muse - Absolution My gosh! Um... I really fucking love music. My ears are constantly happy and 2004 has made my ears dance so much! What's your top five? (btw, if you're wondering why Modest Mouse is missing, it's because whenever i listen to the album i skip directly to "float on" and play it on repeat until someone throws a shoe at my head) Also, totally off topic, but i've got the strongest urge to take Ashlee Simpson under my wing. I honestly think i can be a good influence on her. I feel like she's lost and needs guidence and I am just the right person to give that guidence to her. I'd make her mix tapes. Take her to shows. Help her write songs. It'd be so much fun. She'd also end up a raging alcoholic, but i mean, she wants to be rock and roll right?

 I MAKE MONEY LIKE FRED ASTAIRE urlLink This link is for Crispin Glover. NSFW.

 THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER urlLink Right Here . Thank you Jen Stilwell!

 HELP ME OUT Could someone please send me the remix of Franz Ferdinand's "Take Me Out" that Daft Punk did? my email: slewitinn@spin.com

 OH MY GOD urlLink THIS is just awful!

 MY CHEMICAL BLOG Get ready to hate me for ruining your productivity. Play urlLink tetris . Play tetris while listening to "Angst in my Pants" on repeat, which urlLink Scott kindly uploaded for me urlLink here . NEWS FLASH! Jude Law is really motherfucking urlLink hot So is urlLink Ashlee Simpson . C'mon, don't be hating... you know you wanna stick your hand in her cleave. Last night i was riding my bike on Houston at about 2 am from Lit where I was celebrating Raphael the Boyfriend's birthday when who do i see? None other than Shandi from the second season of America's Next Top Model. I nearly got into an accident gawking. She was my favorite! So immediately after spying her, i rang up Karen to let her know. I was just driving by Welcome to the Johnsons on my way home and out pops Johnny Knoxville. I was like "Hi Kare-- holy shit. Johnny Knoxville." And peddled away. Lastly, I don't know if you guys like to party, but if you do, urlLink ProductShopNYC and Halified will be throwing a funtastic party. Here's the rules: "If you don't know the drill, let me lay the track down for ya. Ya gots to wear all white clothing - that means ALL WHITE CLOTHING. You gots to drink either champagne or 40s - no cheap ass cracker shit. And that's it. can ya dig it? I knew ya could! We're going to be laying down the phattest beats all night, everything from Mase to Nas to Biz Markie to Lil' Kim to Rakim to Kriss Kross to B.I.G., and all you got to do is show up."

 SMILE LIKE YOU MEAN IT In something that's really not gonna help my case in proving that this ISN'T a urlLink Killers fansite: Bid on Brandon Flowers' worn out, used, dirty, mormon Vans on urlLink ebay . Ryan Rayhil either doesn't like Jesus, Asians, or Alex Chow... you urlLink which . Speaking of Asians, urlLink this is weird. Thank you urlLink Jon Hurwitz for gracing me with the urlLink Bloc Party music video that you can watch urlLink here . I really, really, really want to see a video for "She's Hearing Voices. And lastly, "Angst in My Pants" by Sparks is such a fucking great song. People, how are we allowing this gem to die? You can listen to a 30 second clip of it urlLink here but that's really not enough. Look for the song on itunes and make sure you don't buy the remix like I accidently did.

 IT TOOK A LIFESPAN WITH NO CELLMATE Today is Raphael the Boyfriend's birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! He's very urlLink cute as you can see . Come to Lit tonight so you can make out with him, spill drinks at the open bar (there's some sort of open bar at like 11 or midnight for vodka and beer), and dance to Pulp. We'll begging the bouncers to not kick us out at around 10:30ish.

 GOTTA GOTTA GET UP My friend Bruce is a genius. He pointed out that the way Brandon Flowers sings in the beginning of The Killers song "Mr. Brightside" sounds exactly like the way the guy from Underworld sings in "Born Slippy." (aka the awesome techno song from the Trainspotting soundtrack that ushered me to my very first tragically drunken night in 1996 causing me to get grounded for about 2 years.)

 YOU SHOULD BE IN MY SPACE, YOU SHOULD BE IN MY LIFE Guess what? The Interpol album sounded better today. How the fuck? It's like a virus that spreads and spreads awesomeness. I wonder how much money urlLink My Space will offer the band for permission to use the song "NARC" which has the lyric of the this post's subject heading. I sort of want to drink a bottle of wine (something I never do, seriously), light a candle, and be all gothemo and listen to this album and cry about how pretty the sounds and lyrics are. Over the weekend I had a bunch of friends visit me. Amy and Shaun from LA who decided to take a quickie trip to NYC before Shaun had to go back on tour with his band for Warped Tour. My friend Bruce, whom was here from London (originally from New Zealand), also stayed over at the same time and it never felt cramped in my bedroom. We spent the nights dancing at urlLink Motherfucker (me and a friend joke that if we ever got married, our wedding would have to be at Motherfucker ... and our son's bris... and our passover seders...) and urlLink Misshapes (you can see photos of all the new hot and slutty misshapers urlLink here ), and brunching and watching countless episodes of "Family Guy" and they became addicted to SPARKS thanks to me and Karen. By the way, Karen has vowed to stop drinking so much SPARKS... seems she's "losing time." My roof is apparently the best place to see fireworks in NYC so I invited a bunch of people at the last minute to my impromptu BYOB shindig. Everyone was kind enough to bring me a bottle of booze whenever they came over, so i was pretty fucking gone by the time the fireworks began. I ran around kissing boys on my roofdeck and canoodling with republican orthodox jewish boys whom used to be so religious that giving me a hug would've been a sin in their eyes. Karen and I attempted to get people to sing the National Athem... that didn't work so well. Once the fireworks were over urlLink Briankeepsadiary rallied up a posse of people to go over to David Lee Roth's apartment down the block cause apparently he was also having a party. However, once they got there (i stayed home to decompress), the party was over so they posed next to DLR's mazzuzah and mailbox (which apparently just says DLR -- I was hoping it'd say Diamond Dave). Fun times. Lastnight I finally went to that party at Happy Endings that Alex Chow had been telling me about for a thousand years that I was always too lazy to go to. Fuck, I blew it. So many cute faces, so many fashionable kids, so many good tunes. It was Bruce's last night in NYC and I really hope he had a fun time. Here's a photo of us practicing urlLink Blue Steel at Happy Endings. OK. Time to sign off. Thanks again to everyone for sending me their cutie pet photos! Here's a photo of my blind shih-tzu. She's 15 years old and I was babysitting her for the day a week ago. I love her so much that I resisted petting other dogs for about 12 years cause that'd make her jealous. I want to hug her all day long and I miss her on the weekdays. Anyway, she's blind, so I was sort of surprised when she sat up and started watching TV.

 ROSEMARY, HEAVEN RESTORES YOU IN LIFE Alright, so I've downloaded the new Interpol album. To be perfectly honest, the first time I heard it I was like "this is good... but yeah, it's good." Despite being a fan since 1999 or 2000 or something (not to pull shit like that out...), it took me about a week or two to agree with my friend that Turn on the Bright Lights was an orgasmic album. It was a grower. For whatever reason I thought that Antics would appeal to me instantly. It was appealing, but definitely not something that made me feel less complete if I didn't listen to it at least once in the day. I thought something was wrong with me. Paul's lyrics/voice was definitely stunning, and the band sounded really grand and epic, as promised. But the emotional pull was missing. Then this weekend happened. Suddenly, like an anvil falling on a coyote's head, I was struck down by its absolute gorgeousness. Paul has such a way with lyrics sometimes -- he's able to make the most ridiculous line sound like absolute poetry written by Rimbaud -- and the band knows how to make those statements sound like the most profound declarations of all time with their swooping sounds that suddenly become soundtracks to your life. The other day I was riding my bike through the city when "Take You on a Cruise" came on. I must've yelled "i am the scavenger!" really loudly cause everyone started staring at me. And last week I DJed the single "Slow Hands" at Crobar and people were actually dancing to it. I was pretty stoked. This album just gave me a boner.

 ROSEMARY, HEAVEN RESTORES YOU IN LIFE Alright, so I've downloaded the new Interpol album. To be perfectly honest, the first time I heard it I was like "this is good... but yeah, it's good." Despite being a fan since 1999 or 2000 or something (not to pull shit like that out...), it took me about a week or two to agree with my friend that Turn on the Bright Lights was an orgasmic album. It was a grower. For whatever reason I thought that Antics would appeal to me instantly. It was appealing, but definitely not something that made me feel less complete if I didn't listen to it at least once in the day. I thought something was wrong with me. Paul's lyrics/voice was definitely stunning, and the band sounded really grand and epic, as promised. But the emotional pull was missing. Then this weekend happened. Suddenly, like an anvil falling on a coyote's head, I was struck down by its absolute gorgeousness. Paul has such a way with lyrics sometimes -- he's able to make the most ridiculous line sound like absolute poetry written by Rimbaud -- and the band knows how to make those statements sound like the most profound declarations of all time with their swooping sounds that suddenly become soundtracks to your life. The other day I was riding my bike through the city when "Take You on a Cruise" came on. I must've yelled "i am the scavenger!" really loudly cause everyone started staring at me. And last week I DJed the single "Slow Hands" at Crobar and people were actually dancing to it. I was pretty stoked. This album just gave me a boner.

 FIREWORKS YO. If you've got my phone number, call me cause I'm having people over to watch the fireworks from my roofdeck and it's obviously not wise to post my address online... BYOB. Seven PM until whenevs.

 COKE SMASH Thanks everyone for their adorable pet photos! My God, you people have cute animals! One person even sent me a photo of a baby dear, which is also known as a fawn. I was fawning over it. badumpbump. Anyway, because i love the killers so much... and i swear, this isn't a killers fansite, but i'm posting this since people get upset when i dont update on all things killers, i just got this email: Hey Everyone, The Killers are performing on Pepsi Smash tonight, July 1st on the WB at 8:00pm (EST & PST)... During the show, urlLink VOTE for the killers when they "Smash Off" against Los Lonely Boys... The winner gets to play another song, so make sure you vote between 8 and 9pm at www.thewb.com/vote. Also featured on the show this evening: Kanye West and 311, so check it out.

 WHATEVER I WANNA DO... GOSH! Napolean Dynamite is amazing. Go see it. This urlLink is fucking great . And urlLink Giant Drag 's cover of "God Only Knows" is fantastic. Download it urlLink HERE . Link from urlLink Music (for robots) .

 ANTI-CLIMATIC! OK! So all that t-minus bull shit... that was like, retarded. Basically, I'm back. I'm gonna start blogging again... but I guess I never left. I'm debating taking that comments feature down because it gives me a headache tho, so please don't be surprised when that happens. Fuck, I forgot how to blog. Sort of. I went to see the Streets last night at Irving Plaza and spent the majority of the show in the back of the venue dancing it up with urlLink Karen and urlLink Niki in celebration of Karen's 23rd birthday. Holla! We tried out a bunch of new dance moves like the pancake toss (which apparently is ALL the rage in St. Louis), accosted boys who walked by challenging them to a dance off, and yelled at "Oi" whenever we remembered to. Just for the record, the only reason we yelled out "oi" is because Mikey yells it out about every 30 seconds on his album, as does show opener Dizzee Rascal... however, Karen thought i was hollering "Oy!" which is possible. Karen was kind enough to grace me with a copy of some urlLink Bloc Party cd that she's been going on and on about -- and the shit is really good. I'm fearful that I've just found a new obsession. Other things catching my ear: urlLink The Bravery -- every time i hear a DJ spin one of their songs I'm always like "I know this! I like this! Who is this? ... oh snap! it's the Bravery!" They're playing tonight at Bar13. urlLink My Chemical Romance -- yes they're "emo" or "screamo" or whatever... but fucking shit, these guys made a great second album, and that's sometimes pretty hard. Either you live up to expectation, you surpass expectation, or the first album was so good that you just have no choice but to release music for the sake of releasing music... and MCR totally surpassed my expectations. I cried when I first heard their album. It's gorgeous. urlLink Giant Drag -- i'm sort of obsessed with them actually. If you live in LA, they're doing a residencey at Spaceland I think. Go see them and tell me how they are live. I have a crush on Annie. Also, please send me photos of your pets if you get a chance. Or any cute animal photos. I like those. my email: slewitinn@spin.com

 SARAH'S SO BORING EVER SINCE SHE GOT OLD On a normal given evening, let's say about a year ago, I would've been hanging out on the streets of NYC until 4am everynight, coming to work hungover and useless (despite my efforts at sobriety) the next morning. Those days aged me faster than I would've ever anticipated. These days I'm constantly checking my watch. Is it midnight yet? Can I go home and not feel totally useless and lifeless? There are nights when I've got about 3 things to do and end up blowing them all off in exchange for a quiet night in front of the TV ordering sushi and shutting my brain off. I think one of the problems is my fondness for saturday night blow outs. I stagger home when the sun is out and sleep until the sun goes down on sunday these days. That is, of course, unless my mom or dad decide to make a surprise visit to my house to either build a wall or drop off my blind dog so i can baby sit her. Saturday was Brian's birthday party at MisShapes. I spent the day with my mom running errands (which included going to Saks to return the $700+ of bikinis she bought me on a whim in hopes to finally get my ass out of the city and on to a beach for some R&R, and going to Whole Foods to pick up Brian's cake). I made it back home with just enough time to nap for a half hour, eat a bit, watch some TV, and shower so I could get to Brian's house, down a Sparks, throw him in a cab, and dance. A posse arrived at MisShapes at around 11:30. It was crowded, but not too bad. I met up with my friend Kris who was visiting from the OC (the county, not the TV show). Kris handed me a handful of magic asprins that I took immediately... which immediately meant that I was hyper off the Sparks, drunk off the alcohol, and in love with the world thanks to the magic asprins. I remember dancing at probably 3 am with Greg The Boyfriend and Raphael and some mystery girl as James Iha was DJing. Pretty James Iha with his lovely flowing blond hair. I pinched his ass when I saw him and I think he thought it was some psycho girl he didn't know. I think he was relieved to see that I was actually some psycho girl he knows. I remember him playing the New Radicals song "Get What You Give" that i've been itching to DJ for about 4 years, and have just been too fucking chicken to rock. He pulled it off with grace and the boy can beat match, which is a lot more than i can do on a given day. But I guess when it comes to being a rockDJ, it's just a matter of playing fun songs and not playing Franz Ferdinand twice in an hour no matter how badly you want to. So anyway, I'm trying to remember the events that happened on Saturday. I can't. I can, but sort of in a way one remembers a really fun dream. One where they're in the middle of a breathing dancefloor with fantastic lights and amazingly loud music holding the hands, hips, hearts of people close to you. I do, however, remember Greg telling me that he's getting married. I remember dragging him outside and possibly rudely pushing people aside so I could get him outside since he had some 'splainin to do. He 'splained. I stood in near silence. And then got distracted when a cute boy from my office walked by and focused my attention on telling this boy from my office how cute I thought he was. How pretty i thought he was was actually what I said. In reflection, I picture this little "attention span bug" hopping on the heads of people, almost like a game of Sims. The attention span bug was invisibly hopping on Greg's head, and then it hopped to the head of the boy from my office, and then it hopped onto the heads of the Five O'Clock Heros, whom I (dis)gracefully introduced myself to by complaining about their website for not working. This band, by the way, gets my vote for cutest NYC band this week. Thankfully, they're actually really good as well. My attention span bug then started hopping across the street so I could cheat the long line of Luke and Leroys in favor of a shorter line at some Tavern. I impatiently walked into the boy's bathroom, noticed it full as well, and hopped back onto the women's line. My invisible attention span bug is gonna get me in trouble one day. We stayed at MisShapes until 5:30. This was after Pete the Doorguy stamped some French ambassador on the face with a reentry stamp. This was after we ate chocolate cake and wished Brian a happy birthday. This was after i made out with Grant. This was after Brian got a photo of my ass crack. This was after Kris pretty much passed out on the couch and talked to me in an amazing slurred speech. This was after flirting with some other boy named Chris. This was after my brother left. This was after a lot of things I'm surely forgetting. But one thing I'm not forgetting is how much fun it was to be there in the first place. I wish my body was equipped for 4am bedtimes and bar hopping like it used to be.

 WHAT ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT? Cancel your plans and go see the Morning After (it's a different band than Morning Theft). Where? Oh, this place called Pianos. Who? The Morning After + Mic Harrison (of Superdrag) + The Kelly Affair + The Vandervoorts The Morning After go on and 10:30ish and I once beat up the guitarist when we got really drunk and made him play me his band's demo and I was like "Whoa. You guys are actually good." Then he gave me a blow job in the bathroom so I would write about his band on my blog. True story.

 I LOVE YOU TOO, MAN But, my heart urlLink will go on . Hey, you know that band called urlLink Morning Theft that I told you about last week and said they were awesome and totally a band to watch out for. Well, they're playing Luna Lounge with The Go Station for free. People I urge you to check out Morning Theft. They're like 90s nostalgia but not corney, totally sexy, and fucking catchy. Me and my brother decided that the Go Station was totally the new Toad the Wet Sproket. We liked TTWS. Info: .morning theft. thursday, 8/12/04 luna lounge, nyc ludlow btwn houston & stanton 8pm start, 21+, FREE!!! w/the go station

 DO YOU LIKE PARTY? Bring your kosher wines to Williamsburg. The Tarts of Pleasure ( urlLink KarenPlusOne and urlLink Ultragrrrl ) are DJing! Also, it's an after party for the urlLink The UpWelling , who will be performing at the Mercury Lounge on Friday at 10:30.

 KAREN LOVES THE CURE 'S MONEY Check it out: urlLink Karen went to Boston for Curiosa this weekend to hang out with her Cooper Temple Boyfriends urlLink and all she got were Robert Smith's $82. Meanwhile, I went to urlLink Misshapes and all I got was a crazy motherfucking hangover, a crush on a 1000 boys, and I totally made out with one of my best friends' best friends.

 IRONY Christina rocking the urlLink hebrew lettering tattoo . Possibly influenced by her boyfriend Jordan... who must be a jew. Have you seen him?

 BEST AIM CONVERSATION EVER My little cousin Maurice is 17 and in a cover band. The kid is amazingly talented, and i'm not just saying that cause he's my cousin, i'm saying it cause it's true. When Maurice was 15 I took him to see My Chemical Romance and I guess it sort of changed his life cause after that he started listening to better bands and got really serious into performing music. He always had a shockingly good voice with great tone and fantastic pitch, but just totally lacked the motivation to start a band cause he figured he should do like the kids in his school and community and open a store once he finished high school. Finally he realized he could sing in a punk band and started one with his school friends. Mind you, they all go to yeshiva (jewish day school), so they're in the "no shows on friday nights" ghetto. Fun times. Anwyay, Maurice is an amazing performer. He handled his second show with the charisma and stage presence of a seasoned pro, emulating Gerard Way from MCR. So we're sitting here on our friday night -- both of us stuck at home cause we've both finished our shabbat dinner at our homes and are winding down. He starts IMing me about some Vice party he saw in Vice magazine. Totally freaking out about all the coke and whores they show. Then he's telling me about a show he performed on thursday in Deal, NJ and how the audience of all these uptight syrian jews started a mosh pit so crazy that he and his guitarist jumped into it. Then he was telling me about covering Muse. Apparently they were about to play "Time is Running Out" but decided to have a little break down into "Bliss" and everyone freaked out. Then we had a half hour conversation about the different pedals Matt Bellamy uses -- which pretty much consisted of me saying "he's got custom made guitars and theyr'e built right in." and him saying "no way!" So if anyone could tell me what kind of pedals matt uses so i can tell him i'd really appreciate it. I just love the fact that I had an IM with my cousin about this. It makes me really proud to be related to someone so fucking cool! He's only 17!

 BEST AIM CONVERSATION EVER My little cousin Maurice is 17 and in a cover band. The kid is amazingly talented, and i'm not just saying that cause he's my cousin, i'm saying it cause it's true. When Maurice was 15 I took him to see My Chemical Romance and I guess it sort of changed his life cause after that he started listening to better bands and got really serious into performing music. He always had a shockingly good voice with great tone and fantastic pitch, but just totally lacked the motivation to start a band cause he figured he should do like the kids in his school and community and open a store once he finished high school. Finally he realized he could sing in a punk band and started one with his school friends. Mind you, they all go to yeshiva (jewish day school), so they're in the "no shows on friday nights" ghetto. Fun times. Anwyay, Maurice is an amazing performer. He handled his second show with the charisma and stage presence of a seasoned pro, emulating Gerard Way from MCR. So we're sitting here on our friday night -- both of us stuck at home cause we've both finished our shabbat dinner at our homes and are winding down. He starts IMing me about some Vice party he saw in Vice magazine. Totally freaking out about all the coke and whores they show. Then he's telling me about a show he performed on thursday in Deal, NJ and how the audience of all these uptight syrian jews started a mosh pit so crazy that he and his guitarist jumped into it. Then he was telling me about covering Muse. Apparently they were about to play "Time is Running Out" but decided to have a little break down into "Bliss" and everyone freaked out. Then we had a half hour conversation about the different pedals Matt Bellamy uses -- which pretty much consisted of me saying "he's got custom made guitars and theyr'e built right in." and him saying "no way!" So if anyone could tell me what kind of pedals matt uses so i can tell him i'd really appreciate it. I just love the fact that I had an IM with my cousin about this. It makes me really proud to be related to someone so fucking cool! He's only 17!

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRAMBO! Today is urlLink Mark "Whatevs" "Uncle Grambo" "Baby Daddy" Graham's birthday. 30th! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE DETROITER. My roommate, urlLink Lindsay , suggests that people send him topless photos of themselves. I'd like to take things a step further and suggest that people send him photos of the "below the belt" region. So send him your crotch shots. Your vag, your cock, your hermapheditey goodness. Send him your shots. His email is: markdgrahamATyahooDOTcom. Oh, and for extra points, send him photos of boving on tees. In other news: If you're looking for something to do tomorrow night I'd like to STRONGLY RECOMMEND the following: urlLink MISSHAPES!!! For one thing, it's where we're celebrating urlLink BRIAN BATTJER'S BIRTHDAY. I love Brian so much. More than I'll ever love you, probably, and definitely more than i love myself. As if celebrating Brian's birthday weren't enough, hold on to your peepee for the following: OPEN BAR 11-1AM. AND: JAMES IHA FROM THE SMASHING PUMPKINS WILL BE DJING. As will: John Cameron Mitchell from Hedwig and the Angry Inch and Jamie Stewart from Xiu Xiu and My favorite faux cousin, urlLink Melody Nelson from France!!! People. Do you understand the level of awesome this is gonna be? It's gonna be SO MUCH AWESOME. I'd like to also mention that at the end of this month I'm losing one of my best friends. Brian will be moving to California to become a porn star/internet mogul. This news is anything but delightful, so please come and pose with his balls for the last time in a long time.

 NUMCHUCK SKILLS

 I CAUGHT YOU A DELICIOUS BASS I love it when readers send me awesome things they find out or learn on the job. Robin, from LA, just sent me this since i'm a HUGE fan of ND: So I know you are a fan of Napolean Dynomite so I thought you would be interested in this. I was lucky enough to go on a shoot for work to the Staples Center....where the X Games are....on tuesday with Napolean(Jon Heder) and a bunch of Pro Skate Boarders like Bob Burnquist and Danny Way. It was HILARIOUS! Napolean interviewed the skaters asking them if they could go mock 30 down the ramp, etc. The ramp looked like Free Fall at Great Adventure..it was so high they had to take an elevator up to the top. They called it the MEGARAMP. Then Napolean went to the top with his bike looking like he was gonna go down.."i'm gonna go! GOSH! Will you wait a flippin second?!" Anyway if you wanna watch it, or tivo it or tape it....it will be on Kilborn tonight 8/5. 12:30 CBS. Its probably about 5 minutes...but I think it is gonna be pretty flippin funny. It will be on before the first commercial.

 WHO WRITES THIS SHIT? Hurry and read urlLink this caption before they take it down. I guess it's been taken down. Here's what it said: "Team USA's Allen Iverson (news) is mobbed byhis teammates after making the game-winning shit in their 80-77 win over Germany in an exhibition match oin Cologne, western Germany, Wednesday Aug. 4, 2004.(AP Photo/Hermann J. Knippertz)" this was the photo:

 PARTY! WOOO! There's one little gadget that I've been eyeing for the past couple of months and that's the T-Mobile sidekick. It's this handheld device that has the internet, email, instant messenger, a calander, phonebook, phone, and probably a shitload of other functions that I haven't heard of yet. Anyway, you can apparently buy it for like $150 and then get a rebate and after the rebate it's $99. At least that's what it says urlLink here . All my musician friends have been busting them out like they're yesterday's news. But i'm slow when it comes to current events, so for me, it's the future. So you might be asking yourself, Sarah, what's that gotta do with party? Well, the fine people at t-mobile had a party in LA (i assume it's LA cause Paris was there). She's funny and urlLink hot . Samaire dyed her hair urlLink brown . urlLink This girl looks like my friend Kim TB, who happens to be the prettiest girl in all the universe. Bijou don't urlLink give a fuck . She's like, I'm gonna just throw on whatever. This is why she's awesome. It's almost like she's Paris and Nicki's cousin from out of town that they gotta bring to all the parties cause their parents told them too. And since Bijou is from out of town she doesn't have the cool clothes that the other kids have so she rocks what she's got. But surprise, surprise, she's more wild and crazy than they ever could expect. She becomes the life of the party and in the process manages to warm the heart of the evil puppy killer who gives up killing puppies, meaning Bjiou saved the day. Or, she'll just look at Nicki and go urlLink "Mmmm... Food as Paris catches urlLink her reflection in a T-Mobile Sidekick 2. Speaking of Paris, urlLink check out the song she recorded to be her single but it was taken from her and given to someone else, i forget who. Maybe Lindsay Lohan. It's pretty good and if it's actually her singing, her voice isn't bad. Remember how i once said you should see the movie "Girl Next Door"? Here's a urlLink good reason . urlLink This band is called Last Amanada. I saw that photo and said to the gremlins in my head "they look swedish." Googled them, and I was right. Fucking Sweedes. More urlLink party people here . On a totally different note, I made urlLink Karen and urlLink Lindsay indulge me in my "If you put the tracks of Muse's Absolution in reverse order and start them at the beginning of the tangent universe in Donnie Darko, i am certain they'll sync up." It did for some songs, but mostly at the end when the clock struck midnight or something and i cued up "Time is Running Out" which then pretty much lined up Donnie's and Matt's shared vocal proclimation of "time is running out!!!" The song then went into "Apocalypse Please" (because I had it going in reverse order, remember) and it fit really perfectly with the world ending in the movie (cause Donnie was destroying the universe to save it) and the part when Matty Bells sings "it's the ennnnnnnnnnd... yaaaaaaaaaauwhoaaaaaa this is the ennnnnnnd of THA WORLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLD." Yeah, we were sort of stoned. But it works!!! Then I went to see urlLink Dogs Die In Hot Cars and they were totally fucking great. I remember not liking them when I saw them in London last november but this time around, i guess they got tigheter, and made me dance and be happy and jolly. Andrea and Karen were spot on when comparing them to Dexy's Midnight Runners. Sadly, no overalls. But the singer looks like Josh Hartnett to me. urlLink Pitty Sing also played and whoooo! I don't even feel like it's fair for me to compare last night's show to the one I saw a bunch of months ago. They really fucking great live. The singer reminds me of Matt from Muse a little in the way his vocals are totally over the top but at the same time totally fucking appropriately so. They showed off a bunch of new songs, but the one that i love the most, "Radio," really shined. Thankfully, the band refrained from kicking my ass off stage (due to a sour review i gave them months ago), so they could kick ass on stage. The night's headliner, urlLink Morning Theft , is another band to watch, but when you go watch them, bring ear plugs cause they bring their sound to 11. Musically, they're in the same vain (vein?) as Muse (apparently my favorite band to compare other bands to today), with dramatic and hard hitting guitar lines, and vocally Rob sounds a bit like Kurt Cobain. Little girls are gonna love him.

 MIDNIGHT SHOW America's favorite homegrown party band is going on tour again. urlLink go here to find out if they're coming to your town and when you can buy tickets.

 ... SO OUR COUNTRY CAN BE FREE Lastnight a urlLink bunch of urlLink Jews got together to talk about controlling the media and started laughing about urlLink this little jem . Sasha Baron Cohen is a motherfucking genius. When I first heard Radiohead's acoustic version of "Creep" that's on the Trickster EP I cried. So I was overjoyed when Kavin Kavin sent urlLink this . Go to Rothko tonight if you can. Two bands that are totally awesome ( urlLink Morning Theft , and urlLink Pitty Sing ) are playing with Dogs Die In Hot Cars. urlLink Jenny Penny is gorgeous and will be DJing. Also, if you don't have tickets to Curiosa, hurry up and buy them. I think they're going for 2-for-1 now, and absolutely worth it. I shit you not when I say that Muse's set was beyond mind-blowing. Matt Bellamy is a genius. And look. A baby hippo:

 ANIMAL CRUELTY? ... or totally awesome?

