 WHAT THE HELL'S WITH THIS 4 POINT FONT? I CAN'T READ A GODDAMNED THING ON HERE WITHOUT SQUINTING!!!

 Actually I am for assisted suicide, just not starvation. Bust a cap in her ass, give her the blue juice, behead her or whatnot. Just dont let her starve.

 as part of my housecleaning, i updated our template and lost our links. i'll try to get them back asap.

 Probably not the best case to discuss dignity and dying, it just does not fit too neatly in that package; I suspect that Bush acted due to pressure from within his own party's right wing not so much from his own desires. He could have just issued and executive order to replace the feeding tube and it would have been just as constitutional as an ex post facto law passed by the legeslature,,, Instead he passed the buck (wisely I think) to the fairly left leaning legeslature on the assumption that they would not do anything about it. Opps, they called his bluff and dumped this mess back on him. So while I think a robust disscussion is needed on the right to die, this case has too many side issues to ever get it pidgeon holed into a black and white question. I suspect that every politician in Flordia would have loved to had this one come down anywhere else....

 Man, I'm sooooooo sorry for not tending bloggy over the summer. I was doped up on morphine for most of it, so maybe it's better I didn't tinker with it. I had my laptop with me in the hospital, but mostly what I used it for was to watch Zoolander over and over and over. That Hansel is so hot right now. So, a few new things. Comments are back! yea! Use 'em! When you post, you will notice new fields for TITLES and URLs. So, you can (duh) title your post and add a link to website, if you need to, like this...

 Geez Brook.... I don't think Jeb ordered Terri be kept alive at any cost. As far as I can tell, all he wanted was the feeding tube be put back in. I don't have a problem with the right to die with dignity, but dehydration and starvation ain't how anyone ought to die.

 apropos to nothing... i've been thinking about this all day and i'm so confused... Jeb Bush, acting as governor-slash-pro-life czar of the state of Florida, has ordered that a brain dead woman be kept alive against her wishes and the wishes of her husband. Neither she nor her immediate family can determine if she lives or dies -- the governor literally has the last say. This has to be a marketing campaign. A publicity stunt aimed at Florida's senior population. "Live forever in Florida!" "Come to Florida, where no one ever dies! Not even little kitties." "Florida -- if you ain't living, you're under arrest." I'm all for eternal life, but I thought the whole point of being a god-fearing Christian was to be able to face death with some dignity, secure in the knowledge Pete would find your name on the guest list. So why should Jeb care? Oh sure, it's sad that there's a brain dead woman -- pump some saline solution into her and see if that helps. What the fuck. She is brain dead and the game plan is to give her some food by IV. That's not a plan. That's like when your car breaks down and you open the hood. You don't know shit about cars, but you open the hood. It's the least you can do and it prolongs the inevitable of actually walking somewhere to get help. If they want her re-animated so bad, why didn't Jeb order The Paddles... uh CLEAR! And if that doesn't work they should try that stuff that Vince Vega gave Mia Wallace when she shorted all that heroin. That worked. If hospital food by IV were going to wake her up, it would have happened already.

 I once knew a jeff who grabbed me in the crotch and said, "Hmm..."

 Jeff Campbell? Hmm... doesn't he race for NASCAR?

 Thanks Roland... Damn, that's fucking beautiful. /wipes tears

 Standin' in a field Chewin' on a cud Eatin' lotsa grass Life sure is a dud Hindus in the street Look at all the meat It can't be had Might be Granddad Leather for our wallets Hamburgers to eat Tails make good whips To beat you in the street Can't ya understand What cows really mean Why if it weren't fer cattle No more Dairy Queens You can never tell When a cow passes 'Cause they're masters of disguise Behind those dark sunglasses We just don't realize We just don't see If not for bovine intervention McDonald's wouldn't be I think I'm goin' crazy Cows are everywhere Hidin' in the freezer And underneath the stairs When we want milk We just squeeze their tits We chop 'em up for steaks Now ain't that the pits? So when yer down and out Feelin' lonely and afraid just think about those friendly Cows On Parade I'm sure there are more lyrics, but these are all I can remember at the moment As I recall Bill,Rick,Bill's bro John, and myself wrote most of the lyrics in my folks basement around '80-'81; and Jeff and I added some stuff later. Dunno if Ben wrote any lyrics or not, but he did come up with the guitar line. And BBBruce threw in the "bovine intervention" line.

 You should post those lyrics, Bill...

 Ya know, in addition to Roland, we have Jeff and Ben Blevins (of Lighting Charlie) to thank for the lyrics to "Cows on Parade", just thought I'd mention that...

 yep his dad's name is Raymond, and his mom is Peggy, with Matthew the little brother and Diana the little sis (and Rhonda the Welsh Corgi); they might all be staying with Jeff's grandmother (dunno her name) and Randall and Matt were both working for Piney Flat Bicycles some years back, but I haven't seen them in a while

 Just when you thought it was safe to blog........ Im back. Yes, Jeff's father's name was Raymond

 Hey I know this one,,, Randall is living in the Tri-Cities, should be in the phone book, he works as a medical sales rep., selling I believe prosthetic devices,,,, I may be wrong on that. Also another clue in the "Find Jeff Campbell" saga,, I think his fathers name was Raymond, am I right on that Roland?

 Well, it's narrowed down to Chattanooga...thanks Roland. I'll throw out a couple of other names from the old days. Whatever happened to Matt and Randall Jones? And what about Pauli Allison? I haven't talked to Pauli since she was at Anderson College, but I know that she had married a man named David, moved to the Carolinas, and had a baby. That was the late 80's and I've heard nothing since.

 hey Bill and Nicky to answer all the questions/ confirm all the answers; Jeff Campbell is working as a long-haul trucker making most runs all the way to California. He lives in Chattanooga with his folks (this is from Alan Prince). Ruthanne and Sheree are still living in the area, while Anne is living in Portland. When my class had it's 20th reunion (I didn't go, of course) she and Alan stopped by and we hung out and had a great time. Anne still looks pretty much like she did 20 years ago (Prince and I do not, however)

 I ran into Sheri (pronounced Leonard Skinerd,,, oops, I mean Share-ree) about 2 years ago in J.C., she was married and working at Shoneys at the time, but I have not seen her since, I imagine she is still around North JC. Their other friend Ruth still lives on the family farm with her hubby and a couple of kids, she is teaching in Sullivan Co. and would probably know the whereabouts of both Sheri and Anne....

 Damn...a truck driver...I'll just bet he's got some great stories to tell! I've wondered about Anne through the years. And Cheree' too. Remember Cheree'? I'm sure I'm spelling her name wrong. Thanks for the quick answer to my inquiry, Bill.

 The last I heard of Jeff, he was a long haul trucker. Really,,, no shit! Jeff has always been one of my favorite people and a forgotten hero in the early JC scene. Little known fact; he was one of 4 bass players that Final Curtain had in its history, but it should be noted that when Bruce first suggested starting a band, it was Jeff that volunteered before anyone else that night at QB's. Mind you starting a punk band in JC during 1984 was a risky enough proposition, and at one of our shows we had a black guy demand that we play Lynrd Skynrd,,,, strange and violent night, but I digress,,,, anyway, I heard that Jeff was a trucker from a client as he was being sent to jail for raping his best friend's wife, so that info might be suspect. One other Final Curtain Fun Fact,,, at one time, the majority of our members had dated Anne Canter... including Jeff! Jeff left the area in 1985 or so and moved with his family to California, but in the late 80's and early 90's I spoke to him via phone and he was in Chattanoga. After that, I lost touch with him... super super super nice guy, and probably the greatest intellect ever to drive an 18 wheeler! So if you are out there Jeff and reading this, write me at bill37663@hotmail..... and Nicky if you want to know about who has six toes, you better write me there too. It's kind of a long story.......... Also Jeff, if you are reading this, how egotistical does a person have to be to do a name search on themselves???

 Oh, please tell me about the many-toed band! Now there's a request you don't hear everyday...and I'll bet I'm the only person on the blog who doesn't know who you are talking about... I went to the same high school as you, Bill. I was a freshman when you were a senior. You would probably not remember, as I didn't really stand out all that much. I do remember discussing music with you a time or two. Ah, a fond memory... And on another note, does anybody know whatever became of Mr. Jeff Campbell?

 Or perhaps Roland, we could use the blog to publish the Final Curtain Fun Facts List; Remember? About how we all had an uncle named Steve, and how unlike another JC band none of us had more than 5 toes on either foot?

 True, in fact as I recall that was once a very entertaining hobby of ours! Just a bunch of lunatic fringe moderates, hey, send me your new email address soon, hope school is going well for ya! perhaps we can just use this as a message board since everyone seems to have abandoned it, except Nicky,,, who is Nicky by the way? Seems like a nice sort!

 hey Bill JUMPIN JESUS ON A POGOSTICK all three of those exceptional titles you mentioned are available on DVD. sure is quiet around here d'you think we ran off both the hippies and the fox news watchers? we've done it before

 Any extras on that DVD Roland? lost footage? bloopers? Damn I have not thought about that movie in years... when I worked for probation and parole myself and a coconspirator once had a showing of it during lunch in the training room using the VCR the state had gotten us to watch training videos (they ran out of money though and never bought any training videos, to the best of my knowledge Redneck Zombies was the only movie ever watched on it!) By the way, are "Surf Nazis Must Die", "Sorority Babes in Slimeball Bowlarama" or "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers" out on DVD yet?

 Thanks Bill. Just wanted to let everyone know that "Redneck Zombies" is now available on DVD.

 Well Roland, I was hopeing to read more Haiku, but apparently the poetry contest is at an end..., once again you have added to your already impressive resume...."Warrior, Kung Fu Librarian, Porn Visionary," and now, "Poet." Truly you are a man for all seasons!

 A carton of Kools Buys Limbaughs ass in prison Rove to follow him??

 Poor pitiful Rush I hope that Donovan will soon make him his bitch

 A Haiku Much oxycontin Fat-assed Florida Fuckhead BWAHAAHAAHAAHAA! -thank you poetry contest, anyone?

 I thought that might be good for a laugh......

 "Even though I'm a tranquil guy now at this stage of my life, I have nothing but contempt and anger for those who betray the trust by exposing the name of our sources. They are, in my view, the most insidious of traitors." -- George Herbert Walker Bush, 1999

 Ah, Bill has broken the silence... Here's a lovely e-mail joke that I recently received: Three dogs, a Doberman, a Boxer, and a Labrador are sitting in the waiting room at the vet's office when they strike up a conversation. The Doberman turns to the Boxer and says, "So why are you here?" The Boxer replies, "I'm a pisser." "I piss on everything - the sofa, the cat, the kids." "But the final straw was last night, when I pissed in the middle of my owner's bed." The Doberman says, "So what is the vet going to do?" "Lethal injection" came the reply from the sad Boxer. The Doberman then turns to the Labrador and asks, "Why are you here?" The Lab says, "I'm a digger." "I dig under fences, dig up flowers and trees." "I dig just for the hell of it." "When I'm inside, I dig up the carpets." "But I went over the line last night when I dug a great big hole in my owner's couch." "So what are they going to do to you?" the Doberman inquired. "Lethal injection" came the reply from the sad Labrador. The Labrador then turns to the Doberman and asks why he's at the vet's office. "I'm a humper," the Doberman says. "I'll hump anything." "I'll hump the cat, a pillow, the table, whatever." "I want to hump everything I see." Yesterday, my owner had just gotten out of the shower and was bending down to dry her toes, and I just couldn't help myself. I hopped on her back and started humping away, taking her from Behind like crazy." The Boxer and Labrador exchange a sad glance and say, "So, lethal injection for you too, huh?" "No, no," the Doberman says, "I'm here to get my nails clipped." Rather tasteless, isn't it?

 So........... Heard any good jokes lately?



 wail on brook! i looked up the census last time around and north-east tennessee is something like 97.2 percent caucasian. so these folks feel it encumbent to gather forces together and displace the evil 2.8 percent horde of ???? asians...mexicans...canadians? what else, african-americans? -consider this first amendment exercise an almighty sneeze, Bill. a small booger on the sleeve of our heavenly pater-mater-what-you-ma-call-it, eventually dry-cleaned out in a blackhole run by emigre chinamen. god does roll dice folks! i.e. sometimes, the random -ness of being bites people in the ass. sometimes it hasn't come around on the guitar yet. einstein couldn't go there (too much central european talmud for lunch or something) and everytime some jesusfreak quoth: "einstein said god doesn't roll dice" it makes me want to puke. it would've been cool if the guy in the noose would've died of a heart attack or stroked out as the attending children took to running off flailing their arms and screaming in tongues, tripping toward the stripmall where they house child protective services (or has grover norquist drown that program already?) while the brainless buddy was seizing on the ground after being shot through. (cue billie holiday : strange fruit, indeed!) oh, happy thanksgiving mutants...

 back when we were doing the beat, john and i went to the train station in bristol to observe some "light workers" present an evening of channeling. i thought we could get a story out of it and was amused john was up for attending such a new age-y jam session. these "light workers" claimed to have been attracted to bristol and moved from, i think, baltimore -- because they said, the area [bristol] is/was situated on a "lay line," which i suppose is an energetic meridian of some sort. they talked a lot about "vortexes" (or is it vorteses?) and "energy" -- subjects which, when uttered by individuals wearing sandals of any kind, makes my brain switch off as if someone suddenly degaussed my frontal lobe. which is why i never wrote a story about it. i couldn't remember any of the experience. now that i'm starting to recall bits and pieces, the thing about east tennessee being on a lay line -- or manifesting the world's vibrations -- is suddenly interesting. events occuring elsewhere in the world are eaten up and churned out in east tennessee. our job is simply to decode them. wow. this can be fun. so, you've got the JC chapter of the kkk edging out michael jackson on news of the weird this week. an initiate is brought down by a bullet fired to symbolize -- what? the shooting of someone (a black man or anyone else deemed a threat) who was just hanged -- these guys are nothing if not redundant. then, the guy lives DESPITE the fact that the bullet traveled thru his head! holy shit! maybe the "take away" here is a bit about divine intervention -- like our own little burning bush, this episode proves that the most holy one is BOTH merciful and paying attention. merciful because the racist piece of shit was spared his life (sigh, i wouldn't have played it like that). and paying attention, because maybe we might be seeing more of this "new intervention-style" in the future. maybe it's time for some old school god-action. sea parting. loaves. fishes. falafel.

 Nice to see you writing again Brook, hope your health is well!

 oh, brook. put your snarky-freak on and go...go...go... why do they call it white supremacy? WHITE FOLKS: ABSOLUTE SUPREME RULERS OF STUPIDITY, CHILD ENDANGERMENT and COWARDLYness. does the white supreme HAVE TO come with anchovies? or can you ask for them on the side? "A bullet struck Murr on the top of the head and exited at the bottom of his skull, authorities said. " -there was no mention of the bullet: penetrating, detouring around (oliver-stone-style) or passing through, his brain. i saw a pbs Nova series last month about string theory and they said this is the kind of thing that happens when god throws dice and tries to roll up a hard-eight. damn uneven sidewalks! NEW YORK, New York (AP) -- Unnamed participant and Gregory Allen Freeman to appear on the Late Show with David Letterman. They will reenact ceremony on a new segement called STUPID WHITE SUPREMACISTS semi-HUMAN TRICKS. SNAP -N- POPS will substitute for the firing of actual 9mm gunshots. you know, shit like that or better...

 (i would say something snarky about the Darwin Awards, but really, what's the point -- brook) _________________________________________________________________ JOHNSON CITY, Tennessee (AP) -- A bullet fired in the air during a Ku Klux Klan initiation ceremony came down and struck a participant in the head, critically injuring him, authorities said. Gregory Allen Freeman, 45, was charged with aggravated assault and reckless endangerment in the Saturday night incident that wounded Jeffery S. Murr, 24. About 10 people, including two children, had gathered for the ceremony. The man who was being initiated was blindfolded, tied with a noose to a tree and shot with paintball guns as Freeman fired a pistol in the air to provide the sound of real gunfire, Sheriff Fred Phillips said. A bullet struck Murr on the top of the head and exited at the bottom of his skull, authorities said. Freeman fled the ceremony but was arrested near his home, authorities said. He was released on $7,500 bail.

 April 16, 1970, Rolling Stone Magazine Those Damn Canadians!

 Thank you Tony. That should remind us all of why we do what we do.

 scat-a-lite's gone up to the skies scents like that drive me out of my SUV i watch "it" for a little while i love to watch "things" on TV scat-a-lite of love scat-a-lite of love scat-a-lite of love scat-a-lite of i've been told that you're beholdin' to Dick, John and Geo43 monday, Tuesday, Wednesday through Thursday with Dick, John and Geo43 2003 LLcoolC, most everything is a registered trademark of David Bowie and the facial makeup of the 'hoes down at the roadhouse' are registered trademarks of thePatriotAct, unLtd., all rites reversed.

 2003 GeneSimmons.com, LLC, all rights reserved. GENE SIMMONS is a registered trademark of Gene Simmons and KISS and the facial makeup of the KISS band members are registered trademarks of KISS Catalog, Ltd., all rights reserved.

 This just in: Michael Jackson is to be charged with child molestation... who would have ever thought it?

 Brook, here is my list: Raindrops on roses Whiskers on kittens Bright copper kettles Warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with strings Cream colored ponies Crisp apple streudels Doorbells Sleigh bells Schnitzel with noodles Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes Silver white winters that melt into springs When the dog bites When the bee stings When I'm feeling sad.... I think that is about it.

 I see today that Britney Spears received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. All I can say is "'About Damn Time!!!"

 Well Rush Limbaughtomy is out of rehab... I can only assume that is some damn liberal's fault,,, probably Hillary's.........

 Gee Brook, did you have to ask for scatilogical anger???



 OK, I'm beginning to believe something's just wrong with the moon. On Thursday (my day off) an FBI agent came to the JC Public Library, investigating something- apparently he wouldn't specify what- that had been done over one of the library's free to the public internet computers. Whatever set the FBI off, they tracked the IP address to the library. I also don't know when this was supposed to have taken place, but I definitely got the impression that it was just within a day or so. Then today the Johnson City Press ran this story, although this dude (well known to us all, we called him "Castro") had not been in the library for some time. Shoplifting arrest leads to more serious charges By Chris Garland Erwin Bureau ERWIN Federal agents assisted local law enforcement officers in removing sniper rifles and body armor from the apartment of a man initially wanted for shoplifting DVDs. Boxes of ammunition, rifles, swords, a black hood, gas mask, rubber mask and pistols were some of the items removed from the 204 Gay St. apartment of Randall Douglas Griffith, 47. Unicoi County Sheriff Kent Harris and officers also found thousands of rounds of ammunition, guns and food rations in the apartment. Also found were hundreds of books and videos, including such titles as Contract Killer, Guilty by Reason of Insanity, Escape, WACO, Crime and Insanity, The Evil Messiah, Guide to Uncovering Cemeteries and Armed Robberies. Books on Adolf Hitler, witchcraft and the Ku Klux Klan were also found. This proves that you need to follow up on even the smallest thing, Harris said. This all started as a shoplifting case where we got permission from Griffith to look for more stolen DVDs in his apartment. Griffith was charged Wednesday by the Erwin police for shoplifting at Downtown Video on Main Street. When Officer James White was making the arrest, Griffith opened a knife on him and he was also charged with going armed. Harris said a search warrant was obtained to search the apartment for other stolen items. We received consent and did find several stolen videos that have already been identified by Downtown Video as their property, the sheriff said. Hundreds of videos and DVDs also found are believed to have been stolen and we are asking other area stores to let us know what they have missing to possibly solve some of their thefts. We also found books believed to have been stolen from East Tennessee State Universitys library, Unicoi County Library and the Johnson City Library. Griffith is expected to be arraigned in Sessions Court today. In addition to the state charges, U.S. Department of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms agents say they intend to seek federal indictments against Griffith for being a convicted felon in possession of firearms and having body armor. Griffith has an extensive criminal history dating back to 1976, Harris said. He was convicted of felonies in California, and some were violent crimes. He has also been convicted for felonies in at least two other states. Harris said the weapons found in the apartment were high quality. ... Only one weapon here could be considered as a hunting rifle. There was a sawed-off, double-barrel shotgun and a .270-caliber Smith & Wesson rifle with a scope. These are high-dollar guns. He does not have a job ... He had in cash $2,700 on him when he was booked into the jail. I find that fact suspicious. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Later today, a racial-epithet slinging match between a black guy and a white guy erupted in the library, which had us all just poised on the brink of dialing 911 and now that I'm home, I had to call the cops on a couple arguing in front of my apartment building. I didn't recognize these people at all. The guy kept yelling at the girl, "Who gave me away? Who gave me away?" He kept getting more and more in her space and when she tried to walk away from him, he threw his arm around her neck in a sort of a choke hold. They were that way when the cops drove up. The cops separated them, kept them on the sidewalk about 50 feet away from each other for a grand total of maybe two minutes, TOPS, then gave the girl about a 10-second head start and then turned the guy loose too. He took off right after her and had overtaken her before they got to the end of the block, crossed the street with her and they both disappeared in the darkness. There were three cop cars parked on my corner and they sat there, with their blues flashing, leaning up against their cars, for at least fifteen minutes AFTER they let these people go. Just yakking. I mean, obviously on a coffee break. I called this in as a heated, threatening-looking argument that I described as looking about to turn violent at any moment, and he had her in a choke hold when they came up. And this is what they did. Maybe she did say to them that she wasn't afraid of him, but that was not what her body language was saying to me. And shouldn't have said to them either. My point is, he had hands on her when they came up, how could they make the determination in that length of time that she was in no danger from him? And they watched him take off right after her, catch up with her and disappear. They had not searched either one of them for a weapon. The cops did absolutely nothing but strobe their stupid fucking lights around the neighborhood serving no purpose whatsoever except maybe to make sure nobody missed the fact that they were cops and to better highlight their ass-scratching performance art piece of leaning on their tax-payer provided vehicles. It was all I could do not to yell out the window, "Y'all need some donuts to go with that, boys?"

 working a scatolgical problem -- need a list of things that makes YOU angry... ok, GO!

 A girl and a boy were at the back of the theater, kissing passionately. When they come up for air, the boy says, "I really love kissing you, but do you mind not passing me your chewing gum?" The girl replies,"It's not chewing gum, I've got bronchitis".

 A bunch of Psychology students decide to throw a costume party with a theme: attendees must be dressed as a human emotion. Partygoers arrive dressed as "happiness", "sadness", "anger" and so on. The soiree is in full swing when a man comes in nekkid with a pear on the end of his tallywhacker, shagging away. When asked what emotion he represents he replies, "I'M FUCKING DESPAIR!!!"

 This pirate walks into a bar with the steering wheel of a ship sticking out of the zipper of his pants. The bartender says, "Hey, there is a steering wheel sticking out of your zipper." The pirate replies, "Aaarrrgh, and it's driving me nuts."

 Two Nuns are riding their bicycles down the back streets of Rome. One leans over to the other and says, "I've never come this way before." The other nun whispers, "It's the cobblestones."

 Q: What's green and yellow and eats nuts? A: Gonorrhea

 Q: How do you get an 80 year old woman to yell "FUCK!!!"??? A: Say "Bingo"

 Q: What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies? A: A bingo machine

 urlLink Rob Russell & the Sore Losers at Down Home on New Year's Eve; another JC story in the making. And here is a pic of two classic American icons...

 If I have learned anything from TV in the last year, it's that drug users, even casual drug users, support terrorism. According to the commercials I see, this is because the drug trade is supporting terrorism financially. With this in mind, I must now assume that Rush Limbaugh is a supporter of Osama Bin Laden thru his abuse of Oxycontin. Perhaps that is why Bin Laden has not been caught... maybe the right wing regressives don't want him to spill the beans....so, why isn't Rush being interogated under the Patriot Act using aggresive techniques involving jumper cables, pliers and duct tape? For all we know, he could be the key to stopping the terrorist threat to America, he may be able to provide the missing link between Al Qaida and Iraq! Write your Congressman today!

 Genius! Pure Genius!!! Thank you he who is not Tony!

 (UPI) WASHINGTON. Famous Childrens progam characters names to be changed to promote Faith based, non-descriminatory Homeland Security No Child Left Behind Guidelines. Belly-vision broadcasts will be limited to archival news-faux-tainment footage delivered from fox news channel. ------------------------------------- merry xmaus!

 Last week Dean said that the capture of Saddam Hussien did not make America safer. Immediately right wingers declared him to be un-american just for these words. Later in the week, the State Department put Americans overseas on alert for terrorism. Today, the Department of Homeland Security raised Americas alert status here in the states... so, either the Bush admistration listens to Dean, or Tom Ridge and Colin Powell are un-american..... Also, Quadafi states he is abandoning his Weapons of Mass Destruction program and is applauded by Bush,,, here's a thought George, "MAYBE HE IS LYING!!!"... All contributions to the Lockerbie Defense Fund should be sent to Ann Coulter....

 Hello everyone-- I've been reading the blog all the way back to August and am still laughing. It's especially funny reading in reverse, present to past, in this Scroll format. Here's my contribution to the haiku compilation---this one in honor of the season---- Merry Christmas everybody--- Dog piss in the snow Family farts by the tree It's Christmas again.

 She also has dogs She may want to convert this to Dog Haiku page my puppies grew annoyed with the snow, and are now back in Nashville, pooping the yard in 60 degree sunshine!

 Kibbles and Bits, Puppy Chow soft chewy morsels none are as good as cat poop fuck 12 inches of snow and 9 degrees

 a crazed Welsh Corgi since gone to ashes and dust help help me Rhonda fuckin' blizzards

 Puppy dog eyes say "By the way, did anyone ever find Jeff Campbell?" not exactly dog haiku, but I hate to break a good theme.....

 The cat is not all Bad-she fills the litter box With Tootsie Rolls

 am I too late fer dog haiku? hope not. hind leg akimbo neck bent rough tongue pink rocket if you could you would fuckin' earthquakes

 this is straight from some dvd troubleshooting tips, the spelling is via the dutch guy who wrote the program, and i actually prefer it to real english: incrase meomory installer works only on supported machines ------------------------------------------ its not for dogs, its just random, and dutch...

 I lie belly-up In the sunshine, happier than You ever will be

 I love my master; Thus I perfume myself with This long-rotten squirrel.

 Oh, I smell bacon! Bacon! Bacon! Bacon! Oh, gimme some bacon!

 How about some Dog Haiku? I sound the alarm! Paperboy-come to kill us all Look! Look! Look! Look! Look!

 Ya know, the liberals have it all wrong! They keep saying that George Bush has not created any jobs,,, heck he has created over 3,000,000 jobs since taking office. It's just that none of them are in this country.

 Does anyone remember Mr. Ralph Saylor? My niece and I were doing a bit of reminiscing, and she brought up his name. Can anybody help me with this one?

 good mornin, Captain thanks for everything

 Just a few things: Bobby: Thanks for your review of the New Year's Eve thing with Rob Russell and his band. When we were doing "Whole Lotta Rosie," I of course had to do the Angus/Chuck Berry thing and run around. As soon as I jumped off the stage, I ran into a chair a woman was using for her black velvetty coat. I knocked it over into the wetness and mucky muck on the floor. Hey, I was rocking. I couldn't stop and pick it up, though I did try to prevent it from falling over. Anyway, after the second song, the show was over, and I walked by her table and noticed that she had just left the coat lying there in disgust. I turned the chair back upright and said I was sorry, but you could tell she wasn't too impressed by that. The moral is: rock is like war. You have to expect some casualties. Julie: Please don't worry about that job. Are you thinking that I'm mad about that? Not at all. That was just one of 30 or 40 jobs I applied to last year and didn't get. I knew it wasn't 'cause you had told 'em never to hire me. Ok, that's it from here. And yes, Black Sabbath was a great band. --Plez

 I spent Sunday driving around listening to Black Sabbath's first album, which always reminds me of my brother and the blue shag carpet in his bedroom--fish net hanging in the corners of the ceiling. I remember thinking when I was a kid how "evil" it sounded to my mom, so of course all us kids loved it. And now, I think I love it even more. It has got to be one of the best rock-n-roll albums out there, to this day. And I'm gaining a new appreciation for Ozzy too. I hear there's talk about making a movie about his life. Here's a Johnson City reflection that perhaps fed the music scene in some, albeit small, way: Donnie Poole and Carmen Botkin and I were inseparable from third through sixth grade. I'd go spend the night with Carmen, who lived just up the road on Hiwassee Hill from Donnie. Seemed like the three of us were always hanging out in an old cemetery near where they lived that's now I-26. I don't know what's happened to it and haven't driven around there to see. It was just above a rock quarry dug out by workers at Magnavox that used to have a plant off the old Milligan Hwy. We'd hang out at the rock quarry too--pack backpacks with grape Nehi and food and hike down there. I remember at that cemetery most of the tombstones were old and broken, and there were big holes near graves--it was just a shambles, weeds and everything. There was one grave for a child who was stillborn, which happened to be Donnie's birthday, October 10th--can't remember the year. We'd stand there and creep ourselves out about it, then run like hell. I also remember us playing with a Ouija board quite a bit. We'd usually go in a bedroom closet where it was dark and seemed scary. One day, we decided to hang out in Carmen's parent's bedroom closet because it was bigger and had carpet in it. I can't remember what questions we asked now at all, but at some point when things got really mysterious--the needle wasn't moving and we were waiting---Donnie reached over and turned on this electric shoe buffer that was in the closet. Me and Carmen nearly hit the ceiling, then laughed until I thought I was gonna die. Some really great memories from growing up in JC.

 ED ANGER: MOLESTERS SHOULD BE BUTCHERED LIKE HOGS! Ol' Sparky is too good for them! I'M MADDER than La Toya Jackson in a talent contest at how these filthy, child-molesting vermin are being treated with kid gloves by our bleeding-heart criminal justice system. Not only do pedophile priests get a free ride, courtesy of "understanding" bishops, but celebrities who violate our children are allowed to walk the streets free for years -- even after the whole world knows their dirty little secret. Well, I say it stops right now. We ought to butcher these scum like hogs. The electric chair is too good for them, if you ask me. Why should some self-respecting Mafia hit man who'd cut off his right arm before he'd hurt a kid have to sit in Ol' Sparky after it's been soiled by a cowardly piece-of-garbage child molester? I know the liberals say that's too harsh, that these guys can be "reformed" with psychotherapy behind bars and maybe given chemical castration so when they get out, they keep their warped desires under control. Chemical castration? Heck, you give me five minutes alone with one of these degenerate SOBs, with my 14-inch "Tennessee toothpick" hunting knife in one hand and my trusty old Bowie knife in the other -- and let me treat him to my impression of a Japanese chef. Trust me, when I'm done, he won't have to worry about his wee-wee ever again, by jiminy.

 from the Weekly World News.... A leading physicist claims to have figured out why the U.S. Postal Service loses a lot of mail and delivers most of the rest late -- post offices are "architectural anomalies" that cause time warps, wreaking havoc with letters, packages, sorting machines . . . and sometimes even mail carriers themselves. "Blueprints don't lie, and the science is solid," Dr. Elizabeth Palterman told reporters at the conclusion of the 22nd annual Conference for Physics in Arlington, Va. "Post offices in every state are built on scale with the base of the Great Pyramid of Cheops, an architectural 'inside joke' that began with the design and construction of a branch office in Philadelphia in 1911 and has continued unquestioned -- and with cataclysmic results -- ever since. "What nobody realized is that the Great Pyramid is no ordinary building, even if you square off the top. "As long as you maintain its precise foundational dimensions, even in scale, the structure you erect will create an 'energy vortex' that is capable of bending, stretching and even slowing or speeding up the flow of time. "In layman's terms, you create the potential for a time warp, which is why so much of the mail that moves through our post offices is lost or delayed. To the casual observer, and to the naked eye, a letter or package might appear to be moving through the system at a normal pace when, in fact, it is languishing in a distortion of the space-time continuum. "Simply put, a letter that appears to be zipping down a conveyor belt at 20 feet per second might, in fact, be taking weeks to travel that distance -- or it might just flow into another time and place altogether. "That's why the problem of lost and late mail has been so nagging and so mysterious. You need a wall-sized blackboard and a couple of boxes of chalk just to do the math to prove what is happening." Dr. Palterman's theory both shocked and pleased Postal Service officials who have taken so much heat over lost and slow mail over the years that they simply started blaming any problem that cropped up on the union that protects the right of postal workers to move like snails and left it at that. "This is good news no matter how you slice it," says one postmaster in a heavily populated northeastern state. "It proves to people that our guys, slow and lazy as they might be, aren't to blame for all these mail problems we keep having. This seems to be a solid and thoroughly scientific explanation that takes us off the hook and shows that we aren't responsible after all." Postmaster General John Potter is said to be "keenly interested" in Dr. Palterman's assessment but he won't address it in public until the Postal Service's time-and-motion experts check the math and make sure the theory will stand up to scrutiny. "That could take years or even decades," says a postal insider with close ties to Potter. "Energy vortex or no energy vortex, we've still got that little problem called 'the union.' We can tell our guys what to do and then they're on their own. "If they want to drag their feet, this could take some time." In the meantime, Dr. Palterman has suggested what she calls "a simple solution" that will end the problem of lost and delayed mail once and for all. "All you have to do is shorten or extend one corner of every post office by one inch," says the physicist. "By taking them off the scale of the Great Pyramid, the vortices will vanish -- and the mail will move as quickly and efficiently as it does through UPS and Federal Express."

 The A.C.L.U. has filed a motion in support of Rush Limbaugh's desire to protect his medical records in the ongoing Oxycontin investigation. In order for Limbaugh to not be a hypocrite and accept the assistance of this well know liberal organization, he should immediately release his medical records..... or recant everything he has ever said about the A.C.L.U...... this must surely be one of the signs of the apocalypse. And to think a few years ago we were told that irony is dead.

 Hey, Does anyone out there have anything to say about the band Kings of Leon (debut album Youth and Young Manhood), or Bonnie Prince Billy?---who is also recorded under Palace and Palace Music since the early 90's? I only just heard about Kings of Leon (review below), but love BPB. Interested to hear what others have to say. Also---I want to say something to Scott Pleasant right here about his application for a job where I work. Scott, you didn't get the job because the powers-that-be here don't know the difference between there and their, here and hear, ass and hole-in-ground. Were it up to me, you'd be here. Hear? Here's that review: Amazon.co.uk Review Kings of Leon are four members of the Followill family, three brothers and a cousin. The title Youth & Young Manhood is an accurate summary of their places in life--the oldest member, drummer Nathan Followill, is 23, while the youngest, bass player Jared Followill, is just 16. The brothers had a childhood that was both eccentric and peripatetic, living out of a car while their preacher father toured the southern United States, and have most recently been living in Nashville; they don't appear, judging by this startlingly assured debut, to have been unduly traumatised by either experience. Kings of Leon, up to and including their haircuts and moustaches, are steeped in the rock & roll of the American south: Youth & Young Manhood is largely four-square boogie whose ideal setting would be a bar with sawdust on the floor and chicken wire protecting the stage. The Kings of Leon do not have a single formative influence drawn from within their own lifetimes--they clearly whiled away their father's long road trips listening to radio stations that broadcast an unleavened diet of Lynyrd Skynyrd, Creedence Clearwater Revival, the Allman Brothers and a pre-sequencers ZZ Top (although vocalist Caleb Followill sounds more than anything else like AC/DC's Bon Scott). Perhaps Youth & Young Manhood manages to be significantly more than an exercise in pastiche because the Followills are still too young to be jaded by these old noises. Whatever the reason, this is a fine start. --Andrew Mueller

 "WASHINGTON (AP) - Space-exploration proposals that President Bush is preparing to put into his next budget will not undermine his administration's goal of cutting the federal deficit in half within five years, Treasury Secretary John Snow said Sunday. Snow said the new space proposals, which include a permanent settlement on the moon and setting a goal of sending Americans to Mars, will be undertaken ``within a framework of fiscal responsibility.'' Snow said the administration's budget, which will be sent to Congress on Feb. 2, will outline the new space proposals plus a plan that will accomplish the goal of cutting record budget deficits in half through a combination of stronger economic growth and spending restraint." This comes from the adminstration that took your from a $300 billion surplus to a $500 billion deficit in just three years.... this must be some new meaning of "restraint" that us regular folk are not familier with....

 Isn't it nice to know that Bush has the same vision as a Democrat that has been dead for 40 years?

 PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. (AP) - President Bush will announce plans next week to send Americans to Mars and back to the moon and to establish a long-term human presence on the moon, senior administration officials said Thursday night. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas, among others, has called for an expansion of the U.S. space program, including a return to the moon. The United States put 12 men on the moon between 1969 through 1972. An interagency task force led by Vice President Dick Cheney* has been considering options for a space mission since summer. *HISTORICAL NOTE: Cheney led the task force to help find a running mate for Gov. Bush in 1999, and chose himself. rick, since you came above halo, en garde: gacy and gein were mostly into killing white gay guys or lonely white women, and never real indulged multiple choice query nor hyberbolic fantasy family units , as republicans prefer to just scare the shit out of for fun and profit. i don't remember ed coming outta a corner wielding a large knife and attacking law abiding liberal nuclear unit and their guilt-ridden post modern fruedian middlings.but i've never watched much tv since opie started shaving and went bald. you gotta know anyhow, most southern folks shoot first and ask questions later, no matter what their voter reg. card compels them to do. p.s. have you tried breathe rite strips or the bose wave radio? snapple? oxycontin? latinos clean your apartment regularly? my pharmacist is a woman and she is really smart. but she won't sell syringes without prescription and there is a 25 dollar fee for bad checks- it says so right on the sign over the register. by moses! i am going to win that musket charlton heston said would have to be pried from his cold dead fingers, by god! i have joined the nra 77 times this week alone. under assumed names of course. because once asscroft figures out... the ad(t)kins (tm) wraps at subway are delicious, by the way, if you like chewey shit in a dough-napkin anyway... you can figure out where all the guns are in america if you have the nra roles...haterizing is all i know. and free-range eggs and poultry, that is. bill, pax. i think if you put the southern rock hall of fame in your garage or back yard, ms spears would be oops-ing and doing it again all over you like sput- on the -nik! turn it up...

 It seems that the Mars Rover is stuck and NASA is baffled as to why. They beleive that the airbags deployed to cushion it's landing have snagged it and are trying to further deflate the bags by raising and lowering the exit ramp of the Rover.... what they don't want you to know is that this thing landed in what the Martians refer to as the East Tennessee section of Mars, and some bug-eyed space alien has already sold the wheels for drinking money and put the Rover up on blocks in his/her/it's front yard.

 Arwood keep the winnie out of ur bed. Foot warmer...... I think not. Macs ain't the only thing that'll make you go blind Tony dont start haterizing. John Wayne Gacy was white. So was Ed Gein... Bill, go ahead and take Britney on the dining room table.... fulfill ur destiny urlLink untitled.bmp

 So yesterday Ric and I have a discussion in the Blog about guns and today MSN has the following story: "What do Britney Spears, the United Methodist Church, the St. Louis Rams and Hallmark Cards have in common? They're among the hundreds of celebrities, organizations and companies on the National Rifle Association's roster of entities that it considers hostile to gun-ownership rights. The Fairfax-based NRA has compiled a 15-page list of supporters of the Brady law which requires federally licensed gun dealers to do background checks on gun buyers and other gun-control measures. NRA spokesman Ted Novin said the list was solely for "informational purposes and that it's nothing new." I ask you gentle readers, will Britney stop at nothing to get my attention? Please Britney, it's not going to happen! How can I make it any plainer? It would never work out between us! We are from different worlds you and I, and while I am sure you are a truly wonderful person, between kissing Madonna, marrying and annulling your marriage to your friend from your home town and now this,,, well it is just all too much! So please! Let it go! I beg you!!! And as far as the NRA saying this is nothing new.... well isn't that what you would expect them to say???

 in a week or two, when J. Q. Public does a google search for "pussyfuck cowardice" this blog will be hit number one! NASDAQ - JCBS - IPO anyone?

 Subject: How do you tell the difference between Democrats, Republicans and Southerners? karate simulation; module 2. You're walking down by 300 W Main street with your life partner and two small adopted bi-racial poly-cultural children. Suddenly, a previous-partner of the Down Home (tm) comes around the corner... and apologizes at you! You are carrying hot chai, a bag of dirty clothing and a roll of quarters for the laundro-mat. You have mere seconds before he reaches you and your family. What do you do?

 Bill if you would quit fooling around with them damn Macs and get a wintel machine......

 Subject: How do you tell the difference between Democrats, Republicans and Southerners? You're walking down a deserted street with your wife and two small children. Suddenly, a dangerous looking man with a huge knife comes around the corner, raises the knife, and charges at you. You are carrying a Glock .40, and you are an expert shot. You have mere seconds before he reaches you and your family. What do you do? Democrat's Answer: Well, that's not enough information to answer the question! Does the man look poor or oppressed? Have I ever done anything to him that would inspire him to attack? Could we run away? What does my wife think? What about the kids? Could I possibly swing the gun like a club and knock the knife out of his hand? What does the law say about this situation? Does the Glock have an appropriate safety built into it? Why am I carrying a loaded gun anyway, and what kind of message does this send to society and to my children? Is it possible he'd be happy with just killing me? Does he definitely want to kill me, or would he be content just to wound me? If I were to grab his knees and hold on, could my family get away while he was stabbing me? Should I call 9-1-1? Why is this street so deserted? We need to raise taxes, have a paint and weed day and make this a happier, healthier street that would discourage such behavior. This is all so confusing! I need to debate this with some friends for a few days and try to come to a consensus. Republican's Answer: BANG! Southerner's Answer: BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! click... (Sounds of reloading.) Wife: "Sweetheart, he looks like he's still moving, what do you kids think?" Son: "Mom's right Dad, I saw it, too." BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! click. Daughter: "Nice group, Daddy! Were those the Winchester Silver Tips?"

 My Dearest Phil, A very eloquent, and apparently heartfelt, apology. In all good faith, however, I feel that I cannot accept your apology. There is no reason to accept an apology for something that wasn't really an infraction. The simple facts of the matter were that you were asked a question or two by a reporter and you responded as honestly as you could. I applaud you for doing so. If everyone were to do the same, we would live in a much better place. So instead of beating yourself up about that, give yourself a pat on the back. The term "bad press" contains two words, and we were actually pleased as punch to get the "press". Hell, everyone from Al Jarreau to Whitless Spears has benefitted from bad press. My thanks to you for this. If you really feel the need to make amends for past malfeasances, please allow me to direct your attention to the latter part of that very same article. I (and I believe I speak for most of the members of FC) took deep offense from the way that you elected to tell us that we were no longer welcome to perform at the Down Home. If, as you aver, there was no altercation between you, myself and Bruce, then there was no reason for us to suspectthat we were banned. The fact that you chose a public forum that was intended to promote the local music scene to inform Final Curtain of it's status with your club was nothing short of chickenshit. Plain old chickenshit, pussyfuck cowardice. We knew you, trusted you and, hell, a couple of us almost kinda liked you (maybe). One thing more I will give you. At that point in time, the Down Home was the only venue we had. Thanks to your decision, we began soliciting other places to allow locals to play. I in no way shape or form want to take credit for all of this. Many voices went into the building of the JC "scene".Bruce, Johnny and Chris, The boys from Plain Jane (et.al) but I believe that is what opened the doors of QB's, Club Venus, Richard A's, and even allowed the realization of the Highlander. So in essence, Thanks for kicking us out. Fuck you for doing it the way you did, but Thank You anyway. Many good years with many good people were had. If whatever god you subscribe to requires you to make these apologies, at least find the right things to apologize for.

 Many JC bloggers may already be aware of this, but for those of you who aren't ( the biggest thing is a request to watch media for erroneous reporting about this - and report it): Dear MoveOn member, As the New Year begins, we'd rather be talking about positive things, and there are plenty of good things happening. But MoveOn.org has come under attack from the Republican National Committee (RNC), which has launched a campaign of malicious misinformation to divert attention from the creativity and power of the Bush in 30 Seconds contest. We need your help to make sure the media don't fall for it. RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie launched the attack on "Fox News Sunday," and the RNC followed it with press releases and calls to reporters. The charges centered on two ads posted on the Bush in 30 Seconds website which compared President Bush's tactis with those of Adolf Hitler. Mr. Gillespie repeatedly referred to the ads as 'the MoveOn ad' or 'MoveOn's ad,' implying that we had sponsored or perhaps even commissioned the ad. And he also claimed that we might spend $7 million to run it on TV. This is a lie. MoveOn.org hasn't sponsored such an ad, and we never would -- we regret the appearance of these ads on the Bush In 30 Seconds site. The two ads in question are from more than a thousand posted by members of the public, and they were voted on by MoveOn members through December 31st. Obviously the few hundred of you who viewed these ads agreed that they were not worthy of further broadcast or recognition, because they got low ratings. Yesterday we announced the 15 finalists -- all good, hard-hitting and fair appraisals of the Bush record, in the judgment of the members and others who rated them. The two offending ads can only be found one place now -- on the RNC website! When we've explained this to journalists, most have understood that this is a game of gotcha politics, not news. But even our statement for the press below, which goes through the entire process in detail, hasn't stopped the right wing from working this angle as hard as they can. That's why we're asking you to please watch for stories on this as they appear, and let us know. Call the news outlet yourself and give them hell for falling victim to such political baloney. I've attached our statement, which fully explains the situation, below. Then please let us know so we can contact the outlets directly. You can help us track inaccurate reporting on this story at: http://moveon.org/smear/?id=2233-3138652-KefomeW4mN9Ec4nvuKUCuQ Second, we need you to get the press back on the right track. After you've corrected the negative accounts, write an upbeat letter to your local paper about the exciting and positive aspects of the contest and the finalists. These ads reflect the courage, hope, and deep patriotism of our membership. They're creative, passionate, and totally unlike most of the political ads that are out there. And perhaps most importantly, they were picked in a democratic way. Now that's a story. The finalists are online at: http://www.bushin30seconds.org/ By sharing that URL with your friends, family, and colleagues, you can help to make sure that the RNC isn't successful in stealing our finalists' glory. Not only is the RNC campaign deceptive, it's also totally disingenuous. Yesterday, the New York Post ran a long opinion column focusing exclusively on how much Presidential Candidate Howard Dean resembles Hitler, even calling him "Herr Howie." Of course, the RNC hasn't issued a condemnation of that. When close RNC ally Grover Norquist repeatedly compared taxing the wealthy with the Holocaust in an interview on NPR, the RNC was muted. And in 2002, the RNC and its allies were silent when supporters of President Bush actually aired TV ads morphing the face of Senator Max Cleland, a triple amputee as a result of wounds sustained in Vietnam, into Osama bin Laden. Given such a transparently partisan track record, the RNC's moral outrage doesn't mean a whole lot. Obviously, MoveOn.org and its 1.7 million members are now on the right-wing radar. They are going to do everything they can do to silence us, and we simply won't let it happen. Smear tactics and campaigns of misinformation have no place in American democracy. Sincerely, --Adam, Carrie, Eli, James, Joan, Noah, Peter, Wes, and Zack The MoveOn.org Team January 6th, 2003 P.S. Here's the statement we released to the press yesterday, which explains the whole situation. ADS ATTACKED BY RNC CHAIRMAN ARE NOT MOVEON.ORG VOTER FUND ADS MoveOn.org Voter Fund Regrets Screening Process Allowed Ads to Slip Through Statement by Wes Boyd, Founder of MoveOn.org Voter Fund: The Republican National Committee and its chairman have falsely accused MoveOn.org of sponsoring ads on its website which compare President Bush to Adolf Hitler. The claim is deliberately and maliciously misleading. During December the MoveOn.org Voter Fund invited members of the public to submit ads that purported to tell the truth about the President and his policies. More than 1,500 submissions from ordinary Americans came in and were posted on a web site, bushin30seconds.org, for the public to review. None of these was our ad, nor did their appearance constitute endorsement or sponsorship by MoveOn.org Voter Fund. They will not appear on TV. We do not support the sentiment expressed in the two Hitler submissions. They were voted down by our members and the public, who reviewed the ads and submitted nearly 3 million critiques in the process of choosing the 15 finalist entries. We agree that the two ads in question were in poor taste and deeply regret that they slipped through our screening process. In the future, if we publish or broadcast raw material, we will create a more effective filtering system. Contrast this with the behavior of the RNC and its allies when supporters of President Bush used TV ads morphing the face of Sen. Max Cleland (D-GA) into that of Osama Bin Laden during the 2002 Senate race. MoveOn.org and the MoveOn.org Voter Fund exist to bring the public into the political process and produce a more fact-based election process. We regret that the RNC doesn't seem to embrace the same goals.



 phil, we need some context for your confession. is this a deathbed deal? are you contemplating an ed harris "the hours" move? save yourself a little splatter. is this AA talking? leave your sponsor. you are being played. are you making a comeback teaching a appalachia-sound-board-not-bored course at etsu? don't be a man o constant sorrow. do you have friends who go by t-bone? johnny cash needs rest, not another great idea from rickrubinupsidedownamericanflag. if you're gonna slit your wrists- you oughta bleeeeeeeeeeed! the last time i found decent culture in JC i was reading "best used by" dates off cottage cheese tubs(32-oz's) in kroger. out with it. obtuse/sincere- i saw a movie called "box of moonlight" last millennium. ed wolfe was great, but i wouldn't let him work on my truck in real life. sincere/obtuse- i heard some folks made a movie outta a book called "Cold Mountain", but they did it all in check-o-slow-vadkia or some place. i guess what i am trying to ask is: well did you kill wade janey?

 (every now and then, someone emails me a dispatch to post for them. this one is from Phil Leonard, former co-owner of the Down Home and general swell guy. so good to hear from him! -- brook) How does one go about making a proper and public apology for an infraction that is now probably 15 years old? The specific date is not important. I, Phil Leonard, made a big error when I shared my personal opinion in a public forum. I was quoted that I did not consider Final Curtain to be a band that played music. That quote of "my opinion" was correct. It was not complete. I continued to tell the "reporter" that I considered them to be practicing "performance art". That didn't show up in the article. That does not diminish how improper was my not keeping my mouth shut. And it will do no good to state whether I personally liked or disliked their shows. To this day I owe everyone that was a member of Final Curtain at the time this took place both a personal and a public apology. With Brook's permission I am using this forum as a starting place from which to issue my apology. If there is a more public place where this apology should be issued just suggest the place and I will also place an apology there. Bottom line in this thing is that I was out of line and I was responsible for statements that were not fair and had no business being shared in a local newspaper in the form it was issued. The reporter gave me a position of being something of a spokesperson on that occasion. I am ashamed that I abused that position and I regret any embarrassment and/or hurt that it caused others. In the long run I would say I embarrassed myself more that those spoken of. I was wrong. And I am sorry. I was on the fringe of the community represented by this site. Only a person that helped in providing one of the venues for some of your adventures and undertakings. I have not been associated with the Down Home for four years now. But for nearly twenty years I did help the place to be a "variety playhouse" of sorts. A place that opened its doors to many different types of artistic expression. While the Home was offered up to the communities at large it was not owned by everyone and was not required to be everything to everybody. I feel I did help to expand the venue's choice of offerings way beyond bluegrass and old time music. Some folks in those communities thought they were betrayed when their share of booking dates became a smaller part of the calendar? The place did not want to be a bluegrass club nor a rock club. But rather to offer some of the best of both. Along with poetry, literature, film, theatre. And lots of benefits for lots of organizations. I got a real kick out of one post that offered up how the author's group made "a huge pile of money for Phil Leonard". This person should be informed that the majority of any profit seen from the door for their event went to subsidize the next three or four offerings where the door lost money. Hey, you were contributing to the larger cultural scene when your show brought in profit...not to Phil Leonard. And "thank you" for that. While I am sincere about the apology issued above I must also offer a differing memory of yamo's recollection of being asked, along with Bruce, to leave the Down Home. I have no memory of Bruce being bloodied but I do remember making a decision that "rednecks" in attendance might not react well to slam dancers bumping into their person/table, etc. From my position at the sound booth I would venture to say I could better observe what was going on than yamo who may have even been right next to Bruce. While yamo fondly notes how many different mind altering things were a precursor to their roamings about town, it was my usual discipline to refrain from such things until after the club's doors were locked at the end of the night. In my many roles as a caretaker and host at the Down Home I had responsibilities that extended beyond the obvious. Some of the younger free spirits probably saw me as Grinch, spoil sport, evil vice-principal figure, self-righteous hall monitor...and the ugly list goes on. I remember some underage band members playing at the club were asked to meet me half way. One was disappointed he couldn't drink his beer out in the room where all his underage contemporaries could witness his cool defiance of the law. Since I'm no longer one of the owners of the club I will issue a short disclaimer that I was the only owner responsible for allowing these underage band members to drink the beer I gave them...in the dressing room. No one could hold current owners responsible though I'm sure any statute of limitations has long expired. Anyway, this is a blog for JC Stories. And the desire by some folks to bring slam dancing to the ole Down Home, and my admitted efforts at prohibiting it from that venue was a stimulating time. I did lock horns with Bruce and I should have handled some of those situations better. But I swear I don't remember ever having a physical confrontation with anyone in all the years I spent at the club. I don't remember putting hands on anyone and don't remember ever having anyone physically assault me. But, yamo, if your memory brings you any satisfaction go with it. I suspect I gave you some reasons for your personal dislike of me. My loss there. On a personal note to Bruce. If it matters. I always saw you as a brilliant intellect and an artist but didn't always agree that some of your directions fit in with the Down Home. I always suspected you lived with aggravations from finding yourself in a sea of bubbas who had no awareness of much beyond a triple burger and a giant slushy. I remember my image of you changing from just another young whiner complaining "there's nuthin to do in this town", to a publisher actively making shit happen! That said, neither I nor the Down Home owed anyone very much more than we gave to individuals and the communities at large. And that said, some may feel I owe them more apologies than the one expressed above. And, indeed I'm sure I'm ignorant of many of these infractions. After all. I was busy putting a full work week into a hobby of helping to run the one thing closest to a cultural arts center in JC, in addition to my day job. And I'll bet I fell victim to being pretty full of myself many times. If this blog lasts long enough to become a chronicle of sorts some contributors might look back after more passing of time to see that: 1) Yes over indulgence and substance abuse are common traits during adolescence. 2) Giving praise to this behavior and recounting it fondly is a common trait for folks having recently moved to more restrictive adulthood situations in life (the Glory Days?). 3) A lot of the over indulgence might have actually been stupid and got in the way of seeing some of your early dreams become better expressed without quite so much and such a variety used so frequently. We pretty much ALL go through that cycle. Hopefully we all get the chance to have our own glory days and a great group of people to share them with. The fact is your group is not the first nor the last to have such times. But that also does not diminish those days that were yours and yours alone. I suspect we would be hard pressed to find a brighter gathering of energetic and just plain good people on this planet that found themselves in one more "nowhere place" but used their own creativity to make their own scenes. I appreciate the joy I was given when I held witness to all of your "carrying on"! So Bruce, yamo and all others offended by my statements in that certain issue of the JC Press I acknowledge my violation. I am ashamed and regretful. You have every right to not accept this apology. But I issue it here in all sincerity. Phil Leonard

 A Johnson City Story, So I went to see Rob Russell & the Sore Losers at Down Home this New Years Eve. And they were real good and everything. Some girls smoking outside claimed the band is moving to Nashville to make their fortunes this year. Surely there are a lot of JC musicians residing in Nashville with something to say about that Anyway, the show was good, but who brought the house down? The fuckin Plez by God! Plez came out late in the show with full Angus gear on, and rocked the place with Whole Lot of Rosie. This was the most thunderous song of the night, which brought the most thunderous applause in turn. Go Plez!

 It is reported that Britney Spears got married to a childhood friend over the weekend in Las Vegas, and further that she is already seeking annulment.... While some of the more jaded may think this is a move to create publicity to promote her album, a few of us understand the real meaning.... Oh Britney, when will you learn that you can't make me jealous? These efforts of yours to get my attention are just not working!!! It's time to move on.

 I'm 10 and dreaming I lie on pavement with severe injury, John Cage gives me mouth-to-mouth. I slip him tongue. Chicka-boom. I'm 10.

 Now I can't think of anything to say. Here's an old haiku: It's Randolph Mantooth brownhair sideburns uniform he's on TV now





 "... I think I'm going Crazy Cows are everywhere They're hiding in the basement And underneath the stair"

 Cows looking at me Trying to seem innocent What are they up to? I never liked cows. You see, cows are mocking me. I just know they are.

 Has anyone seen this movie with Bob Dylan, John Goodman, Jessica Lange, Mickey Rourke---and, oddly, Penelope Cruz and Jeff Bridges? It just came out on DVD and has got to be the worst film I've ever seen, though some of you may disagree. Bob Dylan can't act---but, then, I'd worry if he could---and it was just full of all this trite, philosophical bullshit. It just tried way too hard. John Goodman and Jessica Lange held the damn thing together--and that's not saying much. Glad to see Brook has returned. I think she's been, and still is, it requires much work---- exercising her political freedom with Martha Stuart pastels--turning dust ruffles into a bug-eyed monster called Dick Cheney's ass--comes with potpourri for the home---Mmmm- Smells like fascism. Trouble rolls in it. we're so happy for you Brook. You get an award.



 john and drew are downstairs jamming (jammmm-n sounding like, well, like they haven't played in a while) and barbara and i are upstairs drinking cosmopolitans and i see this post about john kerry (A.B.B.) having penned a song called "Cows On Parade" in 1961 and didn't Andy Boy do a song called Cows On Parade (i type as i spill my cosmopolitan into my keyboard) i don't believe it for a moment. blogangrandizment indeed! barbara says she needs to stop drinking and i agree, but, fuck the world. martha stewart is a bastard. clippy bitch. do have an excuse for my whereabouts? no, just that i've been scared to look and have new corporate job and haven't been surfing the blog fantastic b/c once at home i need to read my political shit for the 10 minutes i can stay awake before passing out unexpectedly before the daily show. last i heard both kerry and edwards are polling to beat bush by double digits. all i can say, is that this gives me a reason to live. john and drew are watching high def soft porn on showtime. why is the music so bad? here we are... with Trouble.

 haiku-y yum yum going to the liquor store need more triple sec



 www.rathergood.com/gaybar

 urlLink There should be a link But it failed to appear here Why wont this shit work

 Yet another sign of the apocalypse. www.rathergood.com/moon_song



 BBC WORLDWIDE (DATELINE Madison, WI) Senator Kerry has recently played guitar with the musician Moby but, more than 40 years ago, the man who hopes to be the Democratic nominee for US president played bass (momma sang tenor) in a rock'n'roll band. The band was forged in 1961 while young Master Kerry was a pupil at the exclusive St Paul's prep school in New Hampshire. They called themselves The Electras (hisssssss...), and recorded their only album in the school's basement. It is the first rock album ever recorded by a serious candidate for the Oval Office, according to the Washington Post. "We had this one song called 'Cows on Parade," Kerry reflected over a hot chai latte and anise biscotti on a stop in Madison, Wisconsin, "but we couldn't think of anything sexually motivating for 13 year old girls that rhymed with 'parade', so instead of creating a cross- of- jazz scat /haiku hybrid style, we chose to record it as an instrumental and we changed its title to 'Bring It On and Don't let the door hit you on the ass, on your way back to Crawford'. Who knew!" A copy, one of only 500, recently sold on eBay in the US for over $2,500. Another copy of the album is for sale on eBay, and after three days it has failed to excite a single bid. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- caveat: hey, i just copy and paste this shit from foreigner-type liberal media sources, i dont edit or rewrite it for effect/affect or google-blogangrandizment! or not.

 chomping a deer leg in dire need of a flea dip she's humpin' the cat hippie chick vanished perhaps ruptured to Jesus can I have her car?

 Shane and Lucky made neighborhood terror patrol still no sign of Brook

 Man, Just stumbled into this website, but I remember Donnie Poole dragging me off to Mike and Lynn's one day and forced me to listen to this song. "A Blind Man's Penis" aka "Peace & Love". Just found a swf for it here http://users3.ev1.net/~rootstudio/flash/blindman.htm

 Bush has been getting alot of broadcast play over his dental exam (as well as saddam, now that you mention it) at an air force base in ALA-bythegraceoftheoneandonlygod-BAMA. but honestly, in perspective, i feel relieved he wasn't checking in over a bout of genital warts or hemmoroids.

 Brook is still silent maybe to hide the fact she campaigns for Bush

 Some folks say Im mean I dont know what theyre thinking What a bunch of dorks

 Perhaps Brook has gone To Daytona Florida the birth place of speed

 ashcroft laughs intel mum: has anybody checked Guantanamo Bay

 The eve of the Roman feast of Lupercalia. Naked youths would run through Rome, anointed with the blood of sacrificed dogs and goats, waving thongs cut from the goats. If a young woman was struck by the thong, fertility was assured. Pope Gelasius I decided this was a bit too much, and co-opted the Roman holiday to be the Feast of St. Valentine in 484 A.D.

 Looks like Phils finally gotten in on the joke. Now I'll have to find another pompous windbag to annoy...where did you say Brook has gone again..? (Kidding...kidding...)

 Still whining after all these years, eh Phil? Are you by chance suggesting that our presence in your "Listening Room" (Listen to that...its the sound of horseshit hitting the old dusty trail) somehow jeapordized the integrity of, or lowered the value of, your bar? We LOVED your place, Phil. Why do you think we showed up and payed those outrageous covers? And PLEEEASE dont give me any crap about paying your overhead...I DONT CARE...15 dollars to see Webb Wilder is simply TOO FUCKING MUCH TO PAY, regardless of how many loans you had taken...But pay it we did, repeatedly...One part of my story you seemed to have overlooked is the fact that you were tossing ME out of your bar even after I had been beaned with a Molson bottle..and the guy who hit me just sailed merrily on...you didnt even TRY to figure out who did it...and didnt check to see if I was okay...I WAS, but I very well could have been injured...and you gave not a whit, you just wanted us out of your bar before we could anger another of your preferred customers...hmph, should have sued your happy ass...thats what you thought of us and thats why we treated you the way we did, in a nutshell...and you reacted to it so WELL...Honestly, I believe you were much too high strung to be in the business you were in...The Down Home has never been more vibrant and alive as it was in those days...you were on the cutting edge Phil!...you had to be dragged there kicking and screaming, but for one brief shining moment, there you were. Then it was back to Doc Watson falling off his tractor. Plop! Oh, how endemic of the condition of the noble Appalachian man! Wait, he's getting up again...PLOP!...Oh, brilliant! Bravo I say...BRAVO!!

 Well gosh I thought I felt my ears burning. Phil youve got nothing to apologize for. In case you havent caught on yet, we ENJOYED pulling your chain. Defying the "evil vice-principal" was part of the fun, and you were just so S-E-R-I-O-U-S all the time it was really hard to resist. ("Listening Room" my ass) James wants to make this into some kind of tragedy..."We knew you...we TRUSTED you..." sob sniff pass the hanky Jethro...but the simple fact is...well...we were just fuckin with ya, man! On the night in question...I had downed some sort of mystery nerve pills and yamo and I were sharing a bottle of really cheap tequila...I remember Webb Wilder was playing, but my memory gets kind of fuzzy after that...I remember seeing double...the band played a song I liked...ironically, I wasnt trying to mosh ("slam dance" ...havent heard that in a while...) I was just too wasted to stand and I jostled some rednecks table, spilling his beer...he promptly responded by breaking the empty bottle over my head...I remember hitting the floor, and then at least three Phils looking down at me sternly, and shouting...something..."You guys need to relax..." I may have thought or said or mumbled...Phil helped me up and began hustling me towards the door and there suddenly was James in between us, and Phil was shouting something about getting along fine without us and gosh wasnt James a good friend for valiantly defending me from...something...and there was a lot of chest-bumping and attitude slinging and it amounted to nothing more. The next thing I really remember was sitting on the curb outside the club combing glass from my hair and asking people what the hell just happened. As for your comments about Final Curtain in...what was it...the Incest County Monthly Gazette?...you were asked to state YOUR OPINION...you could have said "Final Curtain covers themselves with warm steamy caribou droppings. Thrice daily. In water."... and that would have been a-1 charlie roger hokay with me there, G.I....trust me when I say that nobody remembers that little article, and even at the time nobody much gave half a whistling fuck what any of us thought about anything. And as for your assesment of me..."brilliant?" "artist?" ...how about..."Nerdy-guy-who-wasnt-talented-enough-to-get-a-decent-band-together-but-wanted-to-suck-up-to-that-crowd-anyhow-because-thats-where-all-the-choice-PUSSY-was-to-be-found". Yep, that about sums it up. And for the record, I was permanently banned from the Down Home no less than three times.

 Brook has gone and left No one runs this site it seems puked in her shoes?

 Well, I'm wondering where all the blog women have gone, especially since there aren't many of us to begin with. I think I'll write a song, but not now. To those of you who know guitars, I interviewed the owner of Andrew Instruments today. He makes guitars, mandolins, dulcimers and dobros in Elizabethton and has for the last 10 years. Just this past year, Ghrun (sp?) guitars in Nashville started selling his stuff. Didn't know if anyone on the blog had heard of him. His name is Dewey Cornett. Told me he's giving a dobro to Jerry Douglas when he comes to the Down Home. Below are a couple of haikus (well, not really) concerning Brook's whereabouts: Shes sipping from a cup of subversion and spitting supernovas through her two front teeth. She's humming and handing out flourescent, self-thumping Bibles to state lawmakers

 I puked on Brooke's shoes cheap liquor was in me no doubt Phil's still a pussy fuck

 Opps, it appears I was wrong yesterday. Actually the released record shows that Bush served 14 days from 5/72 thru 4/73, with a span of 5 months in which he did not report for service. Also, he was to serve 15 days plus one weekend per month, not 37 days. My bad, sorry George. But I am still confused as to how 14 = 39. Is that some of that no child left behind fuzzy math I keep hearing about?? Also, Josh, a Newfoundland took best of show at the Westmeinster. Presumably, Rush Limbaugh will be releasing a statement this afternoon that Josh won as the liberal media needed a black dog to succeed.....

 Bush has now released his service record that shows he drilled with the National Guard a total of 9 days from 5/72 thru 5/73. He owed 37 days for this time period apparently. This was released to prove that he was not awol. I'm confused.

 Perhaps Brook has become a long haul trucker like Jeff Campbell????

 A father watched his daughter playing in the garden. He smiled as he reflected on how sweet and innocent his little girl was. Suddenly she just stopped and stared at the ground. He went over to her and noticed she was looking at two spiders mating. "Daddy, what are those two spiders doing?" she asked. "They're mating," her father replied. "What do you call the spider on top, Daddy?" she asked. "That's a Daddy Longlegs." Her father answered. "So, the other one is Mommy Longlegs?" the little girl asked. "No," her father replied. "Both of them are Daddy Longlegs." The little girl thought for a moment, then took her foot and stomped them flat and said "Well, we're not gonna have any of that shit in our garden."

 Ya know, back when Clinton was President, you never heard of entertainers exposing themselves during the Super Bowl Half-time show..... is this the a sign of the moral decay and degeneracy we are experiencing from Bush??? (and don't try to blame Clinton, he was not even in office when the Half-time show started!) Nope have not heard from Brook.... perhaps she will read these posts and contact one of us.

 Here's one I heard recently. By the way, has anyone seen or heard from Brook? Three Texas surgeons were playing golf together and discussing surgeries they had performed. One of them said, "I'm the best surgeon in Texas. A concert pianist lost 7 fingers in an accident, I reattached them, and 8 months later he performed a private concert for the Queen of England." One of the others said, "That's nothing. A young man lost both arms and legs in an accident, I reattached them, and 2 years later he won a gold medal in field events in the Olympics." The third surgeon said, "You guys are amateurs. Several years ago a cowboy who was high on cocaine and alcohol rode a horse head-on into a train traveling 80 miles an hour. All I had left to work with was the horse's rear end and a cowboy hat. Now he's President of the United States."

 Got a new pit bull. She's white and lovely. So sweet. Her farts are deadly.

 Heard any good jokes late? Dog haiku?? Anything???

 The White House has reversed it's "policy" and now Condee Rice will testify before the 9/11 committee. Of course this policy was that National Security Advisors would not testify before Congress, which is confusing because Clinton and Carter's both did (perhaps they had nothing to hide) and the Committee is not part of Congress anyway,,, oh well, in any event it appears that the White House is ready to present it's final version of the story and we will hear but a few more flip flops on the truth from them on this particular issue. What bugs me about this story is that the White House has denied being caught unready by 9/11. It takes offense that anyone would say that terrorism was not the main priority prior to the attack. Well, of course it wasn't. Why would it have been? While I fault Bush for alot of things, including not listening to his advisors on the terrorism issue, I cannot beleive that the exact events of 9/11 were anticipated, and the only reason to keep waffleing on testifying before the committee would be that the White House had information that an event such as 9/11 were to happen, and did nothing to prevent it,,,,, .............. wait a minute....... hhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmm

 The FDA has approved a generic for Oxycontin! Just think of the money Rush could save!

 yes burt, no anchoives goddamit! p jhad. so thats how this secret code works. p jhad. no wonder they got pizza pub gigs so fluidly( i mean fluidly too.) there is but one gawd. thanks bill (3/22 post) for putting this thought in my head. kicking back, waiting for my reward money...

 DATELINE NOVEMBER 5, 2008 (WASHINGTON, DC) Newly elected President Limbaugh, photographed clutching his alterego/wife, signals his throng of robotic followers at the gala, "EIB! ich EIBEN auf UBER GOOBER!"

 ralph nadir (sic) walks in to a club with ann coulter. two problems solved, with one swing.

 A word of advice to anyone who is thinking about voting for Ralph (The Spoiler) Nader: Independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader is getting a little help from his friends and from George W. Bush's friends." Nearly 10 percent of the Nader contributors who have given him at least $250 each have a history of supporting the Republican president, national GOP candidates or the party, according to computer-assisted review of financial records by The Dallas Morning News. Among the new crop of Nader donors: actor and former Nixon speechwriter Ben Stein, Florida frozen-food magnate Jeno Paulucci and Pennsylvania oil company executive Terrence Jacobs. All have strong ties to the GOP. Democrats have warned that Mr. Nader's entry in the race could help Mr. Bush by drawing votes from John Kerry. Some analysts say Mr. Nader's third-party candidacy four years ago siphoned off Democratic voters and cost Vice President Al Gore the White House. "Republicans are well aware that Ralph Nader played a spoiler role in the 2000 election. And there is no reason why they wouldn't want to encourage and help him do so again in 2004," said Jano Cabrera, a spokesman for the Democrat National Committee. A spokesman for the Bush campaign declined to comment on Mr. Nader. "We're focused on our campaign. We're focused on generating support for Republican candidates," said Danny Diaz, referring inquiries about Nader fund raising to his donors. Republicans who have given to Mr. Nader offered a variety of explanations, including a desire to provide voters a choice in November and to highlight the consumer advocate's issues. Some donors said they were miffed by efforts, primarily Democrats, to keep Mr. Nader off the ballot. None said their donations were designed to boost Mr. Bush's chances in the fall. "Did I give $1,000 to Ralph Nader because I hope and believe he will be president? No," said California business executive Charles Ashman. "I don't believe that any more than Ralph Nader does. But I was offended to see this campaign to squelch him from being a candidate." Mr. Ashman said he remains a staunch Republican. He contributed $2,000 to the Bush campaign, the maximum allowed for the general election, according to records. "I proudly made a contribution to the re-election of President Bush because I support him 100 percent," he said. "I hope and believe he will be re-elected." Read the article, but first take some prophylactic Pepto-Bismol. Wouldn't want anyone to puke on their keyboards.

 A word of advice to anyone who is thinking about voting for Ralph (The Spoiler) Nader: Independent presidential candidate Ralph Nader is getting a little help from his friends and from George W. Bush's friends." Nearly 10 percent of the Nader contributors who have given him at least $250 each have a history of supporting the Republican president, national GOP candidates or the party, according to computer-assisted review of financial records by The Dallas Morning News. Among the new crop of Nader donors: actor and former Nixon speechwriter Ben Stein, Florida frozen-food magnate Jeno Paulucci and Pennsylvania oil company executive Terrence Jacobs. All have strong ties to the GOP. Democrats have warned that Mr. Nader's entry in the race could help Mr. Bush by drawing votes from John Kerry. Some analysts say Mr. Nader's third-party candidacy four years ago siphoned off Democratic voters and cost Vice President Al Gore the White House. "Republicans are well aware that Ralph Nader played a spoiler role in the 2000 election. And there is no reason why they wouldn't want to encourage and help him do so again in 2004," said Jano Cabrera, a spokesman for the Democrat National Committee. A spokesman for the Bush campaign declined to comment on Mr. Nader. "We're focused on our campaign. We're focused on generating support for Republican candidates," said Danny Diaz, referring inquiries about Nader fund raising to his donors. Republicans who have given to Mr. Nader offered a variety of explanations, including a desire to provide voters a choice in November and to highlight the consumer advocate's issues. Some donors said they were miffed by efforts, primarily Democrats, to keep Mr. Nader off the ballot. None said their donations were designed to boost Mr. Bush's chances in the fall. "Did I give $1,000 to Ralph Nader because I hope and believe he will be president? No," said California business executive Charles Ashman. "I don't believe that any more than Ralph Nader does. But I was offended to see this campaign to squelch him from being a candidate." Mr. Ashman said he remains a staunch Republican. He contributed $2,000 to the Bush campaign, the maximum allowed for the general election, according to records. "I proudly made a contribution to the re-election of President Bush because I support him 100 percent," he said. "I hope and believe he will be re-elected." Among the new crop of Nader donors: actor and former Nixon speechwriter Ben Stein, Florida frozen-food magnate Jeno Paulucci and Pennsylvania oil company executive Terrence Jacobs. All have strong ties to the GOP. Read the article, but first take some prophylactic Pepto-Bismol. Wouldn't want anyone to puke on their keyboards.

 jenna bush walks into a club with a battalion of secret service agents. Her daddy bombs the shit outta someplace else. (that's it, the whole joke.)

 bill gates walks into a club with a baby seal. (that's it, the hole joke)

 A baby seal walks into a club. (thats it, the whole joke.)

 Belle Rest in peace

 So, Richard Clarke, former Anti Terrorism chief for Bush has written a book saying that Bush wanted to blame 9/11 on Iraq all along. This book has been enough to send the Bush folks into a hissy fit, and has brought Condee Rice and "Dick" Cheney out to argue this in the media. Rice claimed on CNN that Clarke did not know what he was talking about as "he wasn't involved in most" meetings where such issues were discussed. "Dick" went on the Rush Limbaugh show yesterday and was interviewed by a known drug abusing social parasite, this gist of his position being that Clarke "wasn't in the loop on alot of this stuff." So we are left with one of two positions to believe; 1) Clarke is telling the truth, Bush set his sites on Iraq without regard to any involvement on Iraq's part in the 9/11 attack, or; 2) The Bush anti-terroism program was developed without the antiterrorism chief being in the loop. Ya know, neither one of these possiblities is very comforting, in fact, I have to wonder why Bush would want to draw attention to this failure by arguing with it.... Clarke by the way was originally appointed by Reagan, and served thru Bush the first and Clinton, so apparently 3 prior presidents valued his insight and wisdom. Too bad this one didn't.

 You have to think, "Plain Jane has a Date" was one of the best bands there, and perhaps the most artistically significant.

 post-haste I sense plenty of rancour in the cooter chakra (or Swadisthana; aka: FCC'ing region) of this blog. I feel somewhat responsible, but not really. I just sorta wanted to make fun of the "if you see Kay" direction we have gone in. maybe we should colloquialize things a bit and say I was FCC'ed-over by the man, instead of " I was fucked over by the man..." etc... maybe even howard stern could say "FCC you and the horse you rode in on, FCCing Powell-hole!" and not get into trouble, lenny bruce would laugh and stick up three digits on his left hand and say "read between the lines pataki, 2 lil' 2 late!, why is the word B U S H not obscene?" peace to us all. let's turn our collective frown upside down. and in the bedroom arts, not all at once but, one on one, maybe, at least... let's be ameri-cans, not ameri-can'ts.

 fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck

 I should note that my last bile spewing rant was directed at three groups, those talking heads that are not in fact journalists (if it requires hairspray and mousse to do it then it probably ain't journalism), those print media elitists that wont let a fact get in the way of their right wing rich guy bias, and those who still think there is any liberalism left in the dominant media, It was specifically NOT directed at those innumerable hard working underpaid local reporters who are just trying to do an important job with both some measure of integrity and dignity and often go under appreciated by raving loons like myself. If you can write a bitchin haiku, you can assume it was not directed at you. Just wanted to make that clear, as on my way home today it occured to me that I was painting with a fairly wide brush there, and that at least a couple of people that post on here are in fact reporters, and either of whom could probably kick my ass in a bar fight.

 USA Today has announced that one of its long time reporters has resigned from the paper and has been found to have fabricated stories, notably those involving terrorism and al-queda. The reporter, Jack Kelly, was a finalist for a Pulitzer prize and a speaker at the "Evangelical Press Association." Also in today's Tennessean, an article that WTVF of Nashville ran a film provided by the Bush adminstration which simulated a news report but was in fact a PR film that touted the joys the republican medicare plan. WTVF was one of several stations around the country that fell for this ruse. Essentially, the film conned viewers into beleiving that the stations reporters had investigated the medicare scheme and found it to be wonderful, when in fact, it was all actors hired by the Bush adminstration. This does not appear to violate the First Ammendment, as the Constitution allows the media the freedom to be stooges for Bush and Co if they so choose. Between reporters fabricating terrorism stories and television stations being no more than mouth pieces for the right wing, one wonders if there are any media outlets that hold the public trust with any value anymore. As Tom Clancey said, "Why should I beleive you? You're a reporter."

 Fuck fuck fuck fuck, fuck fuck fuck fuck, lovely fffffuuuuuuccccckkkk, Wonderful fffffuuuuccccckkkkkkk, fuck fuck fuck fuck, fuck fuck fuck fuck....... and anyone who ever watched Monty Pythons Flying Circus will have that repeating in thier head for the rest of the day!

 fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

 just think how wonderful life would be if the bush team took command of "the price is right"? besides bob barker getting unemployment for 4 years and then falling off the dole bc he couldnt find work and therefore no longer counting as unemployed, no contestant would ever loose technically: no faith based contestant left behind would kick in. and if they didn't die in Iraq they could come home and join the VFW. the ladies who point at products would be indian chicks who would work for real cheap, sweet! and as long as no one had to guess at the price of oil or natural gas, a few contestants might win valuable prices ...and Johnny could tell them all the details... but seriously, if the fcc wants to get tough on four-letter words, why not start with B U S H...

 I'm confused. Can't major networks now use fuck in dialogue as long as it's used as an adjective, not a verb? Wasn't that a recent decision? See below AP story. ????? And it just continues to highlight why I have this love/hate relationship with, not just Christianity, but everything - because no one in power seems to realize that a religion based on categories like Use of profanity = hell fire and damnation; black/white; etc. is insane. My brain STILL tries to fit shit into these fucked-up packages. I fight it on a daily basis. But it's all o.k. because on my death bed I can always ask for forgiveness and "get saved" for the upteenth time. I tried to explain this to a very well-meaning woman at a bible study---the black/white, polarity problem with Christianity and how it butchers the psyche. I asked her if she could describe her personality in terms of this/that---happy/sad--etc. I tried to explain to these women that reality and people are full of "contradictions" and that it's all a language problem, nevermind getting into biblical translation of the original Greek and Hebrew. They all just stared at me and I guess it suddenly "came clear" to them in their small minds why I'm "single and without children". What about separation of church and state? FCC cites Howard Stern and Bono for indecency WASHINGTON (AP) Federal regulators opened a new front in their crackdown on offensive broadcasts Thursday, saying that almost any use of the F-word on over-the-air radio and television would be considered indecent. The Federal Communications Commission overruled its staff and said an expletive uttered by rock singer Bono on NBC was both indecent and profane. It marked the first time that the FCC cited a four-letter word as profane; the commission previously equated profanity with language challenging Gods divinity. The FCC on Thursday also proposed maximum fines for the broadcast of the Howard Stern radio show and for a program on two Florida radio stations owned by a Clear Channel Communications subsidiary.

 One of the original MTV Veejays, J.J. Jackson, passed away last night of an apparent heart attack. He was 62 years old. Very sad news. Who knew that the wonderful thing that was MTV would turn into the horribly godawful piece of shit that it is now. I have alot of fond memories of all the original veejays. Rest In Peace, Mr. Jackson.

 The Bush camp says that if Kerry is elected he will raise taxes by $900 billion. Kerrys says if elected he will let end only the tax break given to those making over $200,000 a year. If we accept that both of these are true statements, (and there is really no reason to suppose anymore that Bush has ever told the truth about anything) then we are left with one unavoidable conclusion.... Bush cut taxes for those motherfuckers by 900 billion fucking dollars!!! I just can't believe that any body could be that irresponsible!! Fuck! We have a war on terrorism, a war on Iraq, crippling unemployment, and a myriad of other problems and these fuckers give the richest americans a 900 billion fucking dollar tax break!!! Maybe thats why the deficit has gone thru the fucking roof since these rocket scientists took office!! And these are the same rich fuckers that are sending jobs overseas to create even more unemployment.. fuck! (Did I scream fuck yet???) Do these bastards hate America so much they want to fucking bankrupt it? Or do they hate children so much they want every dollar our children and grand children ever earn go towards paying these cheap fuckers fucking bills? cheap shit bastards....

 Q - How do you make a clown stop laughing? A - You hit him in the head with an axe.

 We know now that according to the US Secratary of Education that the NEA is a terrorist group, We know that Laura Bush was a school librarian, and thus probably a NEA member. Please feel free to call The Department of Homeland Security and report this,,, except Roland,, you might not want to with your job and all.... Speaking of terrorists, it seems that after 9/11 the government quietly assisted certain Saudis in the US out of the country, even though americans were unable to fly at the time. Could it be because the Bin Ladens invested so heavily in George Bush's first business that this favor was done????

 DAYTON, Tenn. Rhea County commissioners unanimously voted to ask state lawmakers to introduce legislation amending Tennessee's criminal code so the county can charge homosexuals with crimes against nature. We need to keep them out of here," said Commissioner J.C. Fugate, who introduced the motion. County Attorney Gary Fritts also was asked by Fugate to find the best way to enact a local law banning homosexuals from living in Rhea County. The Rhea County action came after the Senate Judiciary Committee (search) voted 7-1 Tuesday for a bill that would prohibit legal recognition of civil unions and domestic partnerships among homosexuals in Tennessee. Gay marriages already are prohibited in the state. The state senator who represents Rhea County, Tommy Kilby, D-Wartburg, said Wednesday he hadn't seen the resolution and couldn't comment on it until he did. "Yesterday in Judiciary Committee, they passed out a bill basically saying we will not recognize same-sex partnerships or civil unions from other states or foreign countries. I voted for that, and that's my position on that issue," Kilby said. State Rep. Jim Vincent couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday. Rhea County, about 30 miles north of Chattanooga, is among the most conservative in Tennessee. It holds an annual festival commemorating the 1925 trial that convicted John T. Scopes on charges of teaching evolution, a verdict thrown out by the Tennessee Supreme Court on a technicality. The trial later became the subject of the play and movie, "Inherit the Wind." In 2002, a federal judge ruled unconstitutional the Rhea County school board's Bible Education Ministry... okay, this would be funny if it was in Alabama or Georgia, but come on, Rhea County Tennessee? Inherit Wind-Again?A SEQUEL!!!!! I was fixing to order an ETSU ball cap to celebrate them making the NCAA basketball fuckfest, so i could spit in the eye of all these Kentucky fans around town (on bad hair days,) yeah, i am somebody, i paid very little for my education thank you very much. but , but nay, our second name is Tennessee. and our town is wall to wall homo's like a damn Dr. Suess book...what doesn't rhyme with gay? Now I must pause and sort out the humanity. I once lived in chitown, I have seen the apartment of Clarence Darrow (from a CTA bus window, folks in chicago are unaware that we used to flatter ourselves and loose the rumor that our hovel was "little Chicago"). I wonder if Mr. Kilby eats a lot of radishes? Who will be the Mencken? banjo fuckers...

 Think we're the only ones here?

 "We ought to say we want results, we welcome results, and we're willing to fund programs that are capable of delivering results. We want to fund programs that save Americans, one soul at a time." "Faith-based programs are only effective because they do practice faith. It's important for our government to understand that." George Bush, from a speech at a church in New Orleans

 The news tonight says Bush is to visit 101st Airborne at Ft. Campbell and have lunch with the troops. One wonders if he will use this to make up for one of the days he owes for the year he deserted. And since he usually charges $2500 a plate to eat with him, I wonder if this is how Halliburton is planning to make up for the $300,000,000 the Pentagon is holding for over charges.....

 Bush wants to know which world leaders think he should be replaced,,, If I were him, I'd ask the ones that heard the speech he gave at the UN......

 Last year Natalie Maines dared to be critical of Bush. Immediately country radio stations dropped The Dixie Chicks from thier playlists and there were calls for boycotts by the Republican panties in a wad crowd. A feud ensued with other country musicians, most notably Toby Keith. The ballots are in and the people have spoken. Last year The Dixie Chicks were the largest grossing act in country music at $39,200,000, beating out such notables as the aforementioned Toby Keith and yes, even Britney Spears (in fairness Britney took the year off to plan a wedding and generally conspire to get my attention.)

 Anybody up for a Hindu fucking Rib Roast this spring/summer??

 U.S. Atty. General John Ashcroft had his gallbladder removed today in a 90-minute procedure that doctors pronounced successful. Ashcroft, 61, was hospitalized last Thursday with severe pancreatic inflammation caused by gallstones. Removal of the gallbladder which stores and regulates bile is the common treatment for his condition to avoid recurring blockages. Bruce Abell, Ashcroft's surgeon at George Washington University Hospital, said the attorney general tolerated the laparoscopic procedure "very well," and was in "guarded" or "code blue" condition (aka tinky winky), which he said was expected. "Long term, he should have a complete recovery," Abell said. "His 'gall' is still intact, but he is going to have to limit his fatty food intake."

 After recently getting 3 t.v. channels, I'm so amazed by the increased level of intelligence (i.e.a proclivity toward ignoring certain basic moral values) now available to Americans through "reality-based" television. I just love the thought that millions of viewers are encouraged daily to renounce such nasty qualities as altruism and compassion by watching shows like Average Joe. It's such a great way to reinforce a Republican, "Christian" agenda. I mean, I just can't stop smiling and had to share. Thank you.

 damn you hillbilly banjo-fucking hog wallows! cannot rhyme or dance! sorry, pride kills but i just couldnt submerge this one. note to Bill: i am sure some one in east tennesse has figr'd out how to copulate a banjo by now. they may even have a major in it at etsu by now, they probably call it "time arts" or "eastern mysticism" or "creationjism"

 Capitolists write Dog Haiku, while the workers toil - The Beef People

 extra coffee grounds in pot, a second second scoop - still weak waiting for the hair to dry curlers pull - be-yoing! not worth being late microwave zip zap another fucking frozen thing hate my life - yours, too lay down, want to sleep crashdoorslamdumbbitch neighbors are at it again

 time to time these things flare up blisters on the blog time for cooling salve had to reread textbook - damn it's seven five five darn highschool haiku

 Has anyone been to mcdonalds to purchase the "passion of christ" cheeseburger happy meal yet? mine came with a thorny crown, but it's too small for my head. My son's had temporary tattoo stigmata's, which he knew would come off in the bathtub, so we traded. My daughter was torn between the mcCrucifix locket and the poseable miniature barbieMagdaline. (She eventually settled for Maggie and promptly lost the sandals in the cushions of the couch.) next subject. speaking of jOHN cAGE. I received a Heritage Foundation Grant to compile a list of the many splendor things that have initials "JC". I'll start the easy ones: Jesus Christ, Johnson City, Johnny Cash, June Carter Cash, Jimmy Carter, John Cale, Jimmy Connors (of Tennis), Juan Carlos (of Spain, and Tennis!)... this can continue in the comments box (one per) and when we get above a hun'erd i'll forward them to Drew Bond*, Chief of Staff, and Assistant to Heritage President Edwin J. Feulner, and foundling of Edwin Meese III, the Ronald Reagan Distinguished Fellow in Public Policy and Chairman, Center for Legal and Judicial Studies. *From Mr. Bond's bio: "Bond earned his bachelors degree in history from the University of Oklahoma in 1993; and he displays it proudly. He is the first in his family to ever graduate from college."

 HAPPY BELTANE!

 On February 26, 2001, Paul Bremer said, "The new administration seems to be paying no attention to the problem of terrorism. What they will do is stagger along until there's a major incident and then suddenly say, 'Oh, my God, shouldn't we be organized to deal with this?' That's too bad. They've been given a window of opportunity with very little terrorism now, and they're not taking advantage of it. Maybe the folks in the press ought to be pushing a little bit."

 for only the third or fourth time in my life... ...i have nothing to say.

 http://www.templeofblackjesus.com/new_stuff.html Greenville, SC--Mel Gibson's controversial film about the last hours of Christ's life has aroused both praise and condemnation around the world. According to studio estimates it has earned nearly $300 million in it's first few weeks. But as the christian suburban population has poured into view Gibson's portrayal, the urban demographic has been less moved by the fanfare. That all change last Wednesday when Jerome "Jay-Jay" Perkins mistakenly stumbled into the middle of the 9:30pm showing of "The Passion" at Cinemark Cinema, becoming the first black patron ever to view the film. "I was looking at that zombie movie "Dawn of the Deads" when I had to go to the baffroom", relayed a confused Jerome. "I done snuck in a few Old E's and I had to piss like a muthfukka!", said Jerome grabbing his crotch with a mischievous grin. But unfortunately for Jerome and the employees of Cinemark Cinema he did not make it to the restroom, drunkenly relieving himself in a plastic potted plant in the lobby. Miraculously avoiding detection, Jerome stumbled back to the theater area, entering "The Passion of the Christ" by mistake. "I saw this bloody fool up on the screen, looking all fucked up", said Perkins explaining his blunder. Patrons line up to see "The Passion", unaware of the crazy black man that will bless their cinematic experience. But after an hour Mr. Perkins discovered the error of his ways, that he was in the wrong theater, "I says "Where the hell all the other damn zombies at? And why ain't nobody gots kilt yet?!" The inebriated Perkins became belligerent and started shouting obscenities, finally throwing his empty 40oz bottle at the screen. After some commotion he was escorted from the theater by Cinemark staff. Questioned after the incident about being the first black person in America to view "The Passion of the Christ" Jerome responded, "That was some bullsheeeeit, Jebus got his ass kicked

 From Reuters: NEW YORK, April 28 (Reuters) - U.S. President George W. Bush's approval rating is at an all-time low and fewer than half of Americans now believe invading Iraq was the right thing to do, according to a CBS/New York Times poll released on Wednesday. The poll found that if the presidential election due in November was held today, 46 percent of Americans would vote for Democrat John Kerry and 44 percent would vote for Bush

 Contemporary Youths need our help... "The people will survive In their environment The dirt, scarcity, and emptiness Of our South The injustices of our greed The practices we merit The dirt, scarcity and emptiness Of our South There on the beach I could see it in her eyes I only had a Corona Five cents deposit " the above lyrics are from a minutemen song called Corona. it is about 90 seconds of bliss. please help, grab your lil teenage nephew or niece by the collar and explain: IT IS NOT CALLED: "THE THEME TO JACKASS" you fucking jackass! its a piece of real good musical propaganda from the 80's!



 Howdy folks. I copied this from The Village Voice. A more left-wing rag youre unlikely to find. And yet they officially called for Kerrys replacement in yesterdays edition. They write: John Kerry Must Go Note to Democrats: it's not too late to draft someoneanyoneelse April 27th, 2004 11:45 AM WASHINGTON, D.C. With the air gushing out of John Kerry's balloon, it may be only a matter of time until political insiders in Washington face the dread reality that the junior senator from Massachusetts doesn't have what it takes to win and has got to go. As arrogant and out of it as the Democratic political establishment is, even these pols know the party's got to have someone to run against George Bush. They can't exactly expect the president to self-destruct into thin air. With growing issues over his wealth (which makes fellow plutocrat Bush seem a charity case by comparison), the miasma over his medals and ribbons (or ribbons and medals), his uninspiring record in the Senate (yes war, no war), and wishy-washy efforts to mimic Bill Clinton's triangulation gimmickry (the protractor factor), Kerry sinks day by day. The pros all know that the candidate who starts each morning by having to explain himself is a goner. What to do? Look for the Dem biggies, whoever they are these days, to sit down with the rich and arrogant presumptive nominee and try to persuade him to take a hike. Then they can return to business as usualresurrecting John Edwards, who is still hanging around, or staging an open convention in Boston, or both. If things proceed as they are, the dim-bulb Dem leaders are going to be very sorry they screwed Howard Dean.

 What if the elderly on that bus, instead of going to Canada to get thier meds, joined the Texas Air Guard to get them, then went AWOL and deserted in Alabama? Would the FDA sanction that???

 Certain neo cons are saying that Kerry should shoot straight with the people about throwing his medals on the capitol steps, hhhhhmmm last time he shot straight he killed 20 Viet Cong; does that clear up the medal issue for you? or do you need to know how many enemy soldiers were killed from air raids in Texas??

 "WASHINGTON - A senior Food and Drug Administration official said Wednesday that it was unfortunate his agency stopped and inspected a busload of seniors returning from a medicine-buying trip to Canada. "This is not consistent with our current practice," said John Taylor, the FDA's associate commissioner for regulatory affairs. "I would not expect it to happen again." The FDA says it cannot guarantee the safety of medications purchased in Canada and has been increasing pressure on state and local programs that help people buy the lower-cost prescription drugs there. The bus-stopping incident occurred in October but wasn't made public until Wednesday, when Sen. Mark Dayton, D-Minn., wrote to the FDA to complain about it. Dayton, a millionaire, donates his entire Senate salary to pay for the bus trips from Minnesota, allowing seniors to take advantage of the much lower drug prices in Canada." note to comment pop-up... we know, we know, rick will probably say all old people suck (except for pat boone and ronnie reagan) and should be taken out and shot. okay we got it. but hey, if folks go to canada to buy drugs, they are spending their own money, and not tax payer money for overpriced american products that are EXACTLY the same god damn thing! and we know, scaring them is not the same as shooting them, but has a similar effect on their undergarments.

 Damn, Pat Boone, personal embodiment of evil,,,,, who would have ever thought it....... Have enjoyed the blog the past week, though I have not had time to post to it, and I look forward to further sermons. Does anyone else find it surreal that Bush Inc. is questioning one of Kerry's Purple Hearts? Are they trying to say that making a Texas beer run is as dangerous as getting shot at by Viet cong? And why is it that all the White House folks that have attacked Kerry's war record are the ones that themselves never served at all? You havent heard Powell say anything about it at all,, but Chickenhawk Cheney has questioned if one of the three purple hearts was legitimate. Its as though I am listening to a losing player following a high school football game saying "Sure they beat us 45 to nothing, but that field goal shouldnt count cause the noseguard was off sides,,,,"

 Finally, i understand why entertainers shouldn't share their political opinions. The below quote is from Washington Times, home to serious nutjob journalists, note the details regarding the fashion sense of Mr. Boone. The first photo is from billybarty.com and that is the only reason i put it down there. "I don't think censorship is a bad word, but it has become a bad word because everybody associates it with some kind of restriction on liberty," said Mr. Pat Boone, who is in Washington making the rounds as the national spokesman for the 60-Plus Association, a conservative senior citizen lobby. "But we do know that at some point a line that has to be drawn between one man's liberty and another man's license." Mr. Boone, a lifelong, devout Christian who turns 70 in June, also touched on his dealings with Elvis Presley when the two were up-and-coming singers in the 1950s, an early Ronald Reagan rally, and the film "The Passion of the Christ" in a 90-minute interview with editors and reporters at The Washington Times. The Federal Communications Commission has wrestled with censorship regarding broadcast decency recently, putting broadcast licensees on notice last month that indecent broadcasts "will lead to forfeitures and potential license revocation." Mr. Boone said that if he were in charge of standards, there would be stringent controls on material. "It must be majority approved ... voluntary ... and self-imposed," he said, clad in a yellow blazer, black slacks, a canary yellow tie and white leather shoes. "Censorship is healthy for any society, and that goes for arts, entertainment, anything. Self-imposed means that the majority of people say that is what we want, and it can be changed if people's attitudes change, which is how a democratic society works." Figures like radio announcer Howard Stern, who has been fined and his show banned from several stations for broadcasts that have been called offensive and vulgar, "shows no discipline and no self-restraint at all." When Mr. Boone was invited to appear on Mr. Stern's radio show several years ago, the singer agreed, but with a simple stipulation. "I said that I will if Howard will give me just a gentleman's promise that he will not say anything filthy about my wife or my daughter Debbie then I'll come on. He wouldn't even do that, so I did not go on. I said that if I did go on and he said scandalous things about my family I would be forced to walk out or punch him in his big nose." Of Mr. Reagan, Mr. Boone recalled an anticommunism rally about 40 years ago when a speech by the future president stirred him. "I remember we were leaving, my wife, Shirley, and I, and I said, 'Man, it's too bad a guy like Ronald Reagan doesn't run for office,' " he recalled. Mr. Reagan became governor of California a short time later, in 1967. Mr. Boone has always been what he is: unapologetically inoffensive, a man in white bucks and sweater who cranked out 1950s pop hits that were the antidote to the renegade that was Presley. He still holds the Billboard magazine record of 200 consecutive weeks on the charts with more than one song at a time holding down a slot. When he and Presley shared a bill at a 1955 sock hop in Cleveland, Mr. Boone already had a hit with "Two Hearts and Two Kisses." But he had heard things about the young, hillbilly singer from Tupelo, Miss. "I was backstage and Elvis came in with his entourage. He had one even then," Mr. Boone said. "I had on my nice clothes, a tie and a button-up shirt my white buck shoes and he had his collar turned up and his hair was long and greasy. And I said to him, 'Hi, I'm Pat Boone.' And he had this weak, wet handshake and he kind of mumbled something to me, he was very insecure." Years later, Mr. Boone ran into Presley, who was then approaching deity as far as the music world was concerned. "I reminded him of that meeting in Cleveland, and he said 'I didn't know what to say to you, you were at the top of the charts.' " A more serious meeting of celebrities was when Mr. Boone was invited to a private screening of Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ." "After the screening was over, I turned and said, 'Mel, you're an apostle,' " said Mr. Boone, who has appeared in 15 films. "An apostle is one commissioned by God to tell the story and you are telling it more powerfully than it has ever been told or will ever be told, and you are therefore an apostle." "I consider it the most important film ever made. It is a film that is not only of gigantic proportion but one that changes life, that affects people's eternal destiny." the only thing left to ask pat is: when jesus comes, you gonna spit or swallow?

 On April 12, 2002, two Greenpeace activists boarded a commercial ship several miles off the coast of Florida. The ship was carrying illegally exported Brazilian Mahogany. The protestors were going to hang a banner on the ship that read "President Bush: Stop Illegal Logging." Ashcroft has launched an outrageous legal attack against Greenpeace, indicting the organization for the peaceful protest activities of its members under an obscure 1872 "sailor-mongering" law. The trial is set to begin May 17, and will mark the first time a public interest organization has faced criminal charges over the protest activities of its members. This is the criminalization of dissent.

 "A military contractor has fired Tami Silicio, a Kuwait-based cargo worker whose photograph of flag-draped coffins of fallen U.S. soldiers was published in Sunday's edition of The Seattle Times. Silicio was let go yesterday for violating U.S. government and company regulations, said William Silva, president of Maytag Aircraft, the contractor that employed Silicio at Kuwait International Airport. "I feel like I was hit in the chest with a steel bar and got my wind knocked out. I have to admit I liked my job, and I liked what I did," Silicio said. Her photograph, taken earlier this month, shows more than 20 flag-draped coffins in a cargo plane about to depart from Kuwait. Since 1991, the Pentagon has banned the media from taking pictures of caskets being returned to the United States. Maytag also fired David Landry, a co-worker who recently wed Silicio." more: http://seattletimes.nwsource.com/html/localnews/2001909527_coffin22m.html

 President Bush and Dick Cheney are in a diner and a young, attractive waitress walks up to their table to take their order. President Bush says, "Honey, I'd like a quickie," and the woman screams at him about women's rights and storms off. Dick Cheney looks at the president and says, "George, it's pronounced quiche."

 had to edit and repost to lend context to future...in future posts, you can reference relevant commandments (see who hates freedom most) so we can track our fall. "Recently a political scientist, Dr. Lawrence Britt, wrote an article naming fourteen characteristics of fascism. He based his study on an examination of the regimes of Hitler, Mussolini, Franco, Suharto and Pinochet. (For the record, we need to remind ourselves that four of these men were Roman Catholics never excommunicated by their churchall except Suharto.) A summary of Britts points follow. 1. Powerful and continuing nationalism employing constant use of patriotic slogans, symbols, songs, flags. 2. Disdain for the recognition of human rights because security needs outweigh human rights which can be ignored. 3. Using enemies as scapegoats for a unifying cause. 4. Supremacy of the military. 5. Rampant sexism including more rigid gender roles and anti-gay legislation. 6. Controlled mass media. 7. Obsession with national security driven by a politics of fear. 8. Religion and Government are intertwined especially in rhetoric employed by its leaders. 9. Corporate power is protectedindustrial and business aristocracies put government leaders into power and keep them there creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite. 10. Labor power, which represents one of the few threats to fascism, is suppressed. 11. Disdain for intellectuals and the arts and hostility to higher education along with censorship of arts or refusal to support the arts. 12. Obsession with crime and punishment. 13. Rampant cronyism and corruption. 14. Fraudulent Elections." humbly stolen from the author Matthew Fox

 Was the comment on the last post by THE Mary Beth Tobar????

 Today, the Seattle Times has run on its front page one of the few images seen in the United States of the flag-draped coffins of U.S. soldiers in Kuwait awaiting transport home. "On the April day depicted in the photograph that accompanies this story, more than 20 coffins went into a cargo plane bound for Germany," the Times reports.

 Not sure what happened to it, but Bush is sure to blame Clinton,,,,,

 What happened to the Andy Boy recording that was posted here? I'm getting a broken link on the URL that used to work. I'm wanting to do a little bragging about the basement years and video/audio would really be a great way to do it! Thanks, Kurt's Mom (who was boogie-ing her butt off upstairs while Andy Boy ruled the basement)

 note: no live popstars or politicians were harmed in the production of this entry.

 The director of the CIA has now said it will take 5 years to make the changes necessary in America's Intelligence,,,, The Democratic Party is working to make it happen in more like 7 months,,,,,

 Note: No snakes were harmed in the production of the above illustration.



 Well, that seems easy enough to figure out, lets ask someone who went to Vietnam; and if we ever need to know if Iraq is another Alabama senate campaign, we will certainly know who to turn to!

 "I don't plan on losing my job" Gee George, neither did the millions of folks whose jobs disappeared since you took office,,,,,,, and my favorite: "I am a war time deserter" (OK, actually I may have heard that last one wrong,,,)

 "The American people may decide to change. That's democracy. I don't think so. I don't think so. And look forward to making my case. I'm looking forward to the campaign." -------------------- "...the american people may decide to change. that's democracy. i dont think so. i dont think so..." "change...that's democracy...i don't think so... i dont think so..."

 " Look, nobody likes to see dead people on their television screens. I don't. It's a tough time for the American people to see that. It's gut-wrenching. One of my hardest parts of my job is to console the family members who've lost their lives." "One of my hardest parts of my job is to console the family members who've lost their lives." huh? now he's consoling the dead...

 "John (sp), I'm sure historians will look back and say, gosh, he could have done it better this way or that way. You know, I just I'm sure something will pop into my head here in the midst of this press conference, all the pressure of trying to come up with an answer. But it hasn't yet. " Geo Bush around 9:00 pm EDT April 13, 2004

 He blamed Clinton.

 A man goes to his doctor and says, I dont think my wifes hearing is as good as it used to be. What should I do? The doctor replies, Try this test to find out for sure. When your wife is in the kitchen doing dishes, stand fifteen feet behind her and ask her a question, if she doesnt respond keep moving closer asking the question until she hears you. The man goes home and sees his wife preparing dinner. He stands fifteen feet behind her and says, Whats for dinner, honey? He gets no response, so he moves to ten feet behind her and asks again. Still no response, so he moves to five feet. Again, no answer. Finally he stands directly behind her and says, Honey, whats for supper? She screams, For the fourth time, I said chicken, you deaf bastard!

 When Condee testified, and Marines were being shot at in Iraq, Bush spent the day bass fishing in Texas. At last count he had spent over 500 days on vacation or at retreats since "taking" office.

 urlLink "What we're doing in Iraq is right," Bush said after attending an Easter service at a chapel on this sprawling base. "Today, on bended knee, I thank the good Lord" for protecting U.S. troops, Bush said before heading to a military hospital to meet with wounded soldiers who have returned recently from Iraq. Honestly, how does this man sleep at night?



 From the August 6, 2001 Presidential briefing described as a historical document by Condee: "Nevertheless, FBI information since that time indicates patterns of suspicious activity in the country consistent with preparations for hijackings and other types of attacks..." So if you were to say it was strickly a historical document,,,, But that is not what I want to talk about today, Today I want to talk about the gay marriage issue, and where it comes from. You know, when Clinton was President, gay marriage was not an issue in the country, so what has brought it to the forefront of sociatal debate? I think it is the morally lapsed Bush administration. First, on the campaign trail in 2000, he says he favors civil unions,, Then, you have Dick Cheney' lesibian relatives,, Finally, you have Mrs. Cheney being the author of "Sisters", a historical novel of lesbian activity on the western frontier,,,, So, America has allowed this sort of sorid decadence into the oval office, and now we are paying a moral price for it as the Republicans might say. Back when the President was getting heterosexual blow jobs the country thrived,, but now look at the mess we're in! Now, like most of the country, I dont give a rats ass about gay marriage, but I am a bit tired of those that do making me feel like I should give a shit. Seriously, prior to the Bush adminstration, you never heard of gay marriage much, so why now? Could it be it's an election year and somebody needs a wedge issue? For example: Recently the right wingers of the Tennesee Legislature decided it would be a good idea if we had a law that refused to recognize gay marriages from other states, even though no other state currently is clear on recognizing their own,,,, but what makes this bill particularly interesting is that: TENNESSEE ALREADY DOESN'T RECOGNIZE GAY MARRIAGE!!!!! SO IF THIS PASSES, DO WE NOW DOUBLE SECRET DON'T RECOGNIZE GAY MARRIAGES???? Hell, Tennessee doesn't even recognize common law marriage from other states! But passing bills for photo ops is a long held republican tradition. Recently Bush signed into law "Laci and Conner's Law" designed to protect unborn children from thier mothers attackers. Under this law, if a murder is committed against a woman under federal jurisdiction, and she is pregnant, then it can be a second count of murder for killing the unborn child. Now some would argue that this is the first step in restricting abortion rights, and some may legitimately see it that way (do you charge the extra murder if she is unaware she is pregnant, or is just late?.) I think it is a good law, in fact, it is such a good law that almost every state has had it for years, and it has been tort law for sometime in this country nationwide (a wrongful death on a pregnant woman can result in 2 wrongful death suits, Tennessee requires, like most states, that the fetus be viable.) But even that misses the point, which is that this law signed by Bush would not have applied in the Peterson case in any event, as she was not killed under federal jurisdiction anyway. Actually, few murders are, most are state crimes and like Petersons case, end up in state court! But that has never stopped this "President" from a good photo op.

 Ex-President Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore have not agreed to give sworn testimony to the independent commission investigating the Sept. 11 attacks (the 9/11 Commission), or even to answer questions in public, about their role in events leading up to America's worst disaster - making them the only non-office-holders granted that privilege by the Commission. And by the way can you imagine the squeals of racism if it were Republicans attacking Dr Rice?



 a transcript of Condoillezi's testimoney: "She sits. Professional. Responsible. Intelligent. Important. The very embodiment of the American dream and work ethic. The true heir to the learned legacy of our Founding Fathers. Condi Rice is smoking hot. A summary of her testimony follows: Lie, lie, distortion, half-truth, pander, manipulation, pseudo-intellectual bombast. Dodge, dodge, feint, lie, dodge, avoid, subject change, lie, slander, pretentious generalization, character assassination, bald-faced lie. Oversimplification, undersimplification, condescension, insult, insult, lie, avoidance of responsibility, avoidance of question about avoiding responsibility, cheap political point, utter, malicious lie. Grimace, slither, dodge, lie, deliberate misinterpretation of history, nonpartisan character disparagement, narrative designed by public-relations experts to create maximum connection with American public. Appearance of professionalism, resoluteness, capableness, preparedness. Major omission of lie to create partial truth. Lie for political convenience. Lie for partisan gain. Lie to protect the economic interests of an incredibly small number of people. Reception of flattery. Dispersal of flattery. Abuse of good will afforbed by ten people who are trying to gather evidence without partisan bias. Backhanded dismissal of all criticsism. Denial of any responsibility in orchestrating what will almost certainly become the most tragic and bloody war of this generation. Rinse and repeat." Of course, I was not able to watch the testimony, so Mr. Pollack may have a few typos in there...

 Well it appears the Bush adminstration have settled on thier final 9/11 stratagies,,, 1) we did take the threat seriously, and 2) It's all Clinton's fault. I guess with Bush the buck stops somewhere else (probably around the $200,000,000 mark..). One wonders if they feel responsible for anything, it seems that although they call on the american people to take responsibilty for thier lives, they refuse to take responsiblity for anything. It occurs to me that Bush's first lie was when he said "I'm a uniter, not a devider." Perhaps what he meant was that 4th grade math was above his head!

 taken september 11 -- yes, THAT september 11. photoshop, anyone?

 A good book I've been reading on this whole mess - "Dreaming War: Blood for Oil and the Cheney-Bush Junta" by Gore Vidal. Just thought I'd pass it along.

 308,000 jobs created in March, a new record! Woohoo!!............. but, at the same time, unemployment ROSE a tenth of a point (also to a new record, well, since the Hoover administration) so,, apparently for every job created last month, another job left this country to be outsourced else where. That's ok though, King George II thinks that outsourcing to other nations is good for the economy. As I said in an earlier post, Bush policies have created millions of jobs since he took office, it's just that they are all in China, that is why you haven't noticed them....

 is time to start checking your neighbors for brainwave patterns. i am afeared the invasion of the bodysnatchers was a documentary. fucking martians.

 having spent most of the holiday weekend in JC, john and i developed a new drinking game. everytime you get depressed -- DRINK! (can't take credit. so many have done it so much better before.)

 Refering to Bill Frist's (the only US Senator trained to perform an abortion) wife at Vanderbilt yesterday George Bush said: " Karyn is with us. A West Texas girl, just like me." Ya know, maybe that explains why he looks grumpy sometimes...

 i found the following while reading a book about snake handling christians in north east alabama. it seems to me to provide perspective and context for plenty of the current shit. It's too bad that Ronnie Raygun can't chime in. I know Ollie North is doing his best two-step, but he hopefully will implode or be taken away in the rapture soon. And isnt that a strange thought? If the rapture happens, will FOX pundits be allowed to go to heaven or will rupert murdock HOLD THEM TO THEIR CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS?!! but alas, seriously... I really understood Nick Berg's father on a deeper level after this: "The Philadelphia Daily News Friday, May 2, 1997 Section: EDITORIAL OPINION Page: 030 By Jack McKinney In my own reporting from Central America, I don't think I ever came across a major atrocity that didn't bear the prints of School of the America's graduates, including the slaying of those six Jesuit priests in El Salvador. I remember the case of John Sullivan, a free-lance journalist from New Jersey who was kidnapped by security forces the night he arrived in San Salvador. I became close to his family and I was outraged to learn a man from the U.S. State Department had told them their Johnny was ``probably up in the mountains with the guerrillas, gathering material for a book.'' (In other words, his kin were expected to believe the journalist had drawn on the vast array of local contacts that a man with limited command of Spanish could develop in his first two hours in a strange country!) In fact, Sullivan was mistaken for a Belgian missionary priest who was thought to be aiding the guerrillas and he was subjected to torture techniques taught at the School of the Americas. By the time his interrogators realized no man could endure such agony without imparting some information, the journalist was too disfigured to be set free. So they staked him out with a stick of dynamite tied to each ankle and each wrist, and jammed another stick of dynamite into his mouth, thinking they would blow away John Sullivan's identity forever. With no assistance from the State Department, the family was reduced to pleading for information via paid ads in Salvadoran newspapers. A troubled policeman finally disclosed where the body had been discarded, X-rays of an old football injury confirmed the identity, and at least Sullivan could be brought home to rest in the family plot."

 In today's news, I see the Bush commanded military has attacked an Iraqi wedding. Would this have happened if we had an ammendment defending marriage?? Also in today, a recent poll asked respondants if they saw Bush as a divider or a uniter. The results were split 50/50.

 Hey, I just talked to Lisa the other day and if it makes anyone feel any better, she has been consigned to a high ranking level of hell. Be judged at urlLink Dante's Inferno Test .



 Wed May 12, 2004 11:07 AM ET MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The Mexican Air Force has released footage of what a UFO expert said were 11 invisible unidentified flying objects picked up by an infrared camera as they whizzed around a surveillance plane. A long-time believer in flying saucers, journalist Jaime Maussan told a news conference on Tuesday the objects were real and seemed "intelligent" after they at one point changed direction and surrounded the plane chasing them. "They were invisible to the eye but they were there, there is no doubt about it. They had mass, they had energy and they were moving about," he said, after showing a 15-minute video he said the Defense Ministry gave him permission to publicize. The ministry confirmed to Reuters it had provided the video, filmed by the Air Force on March 5 over the eastern coastal state of Campeche. "We are not alone! This is so weird," one of the pilots can be heard yelling, after the plane's crew switched on an infrared camera to track the objects, first picked up by radar. The film, recorded by a plane looking for drugs trafficking near the Gulf of Mexico, shows 11 objects as blobs of light that hover in formation or dart about, sometimes disappearing into cloud. Mexico's most popular nightly news broadcast showed the video on Monday night. Interviewed by Mausson on another section of the video, the pilots said they grew nervous when the objects, still invisible, turned back during a chase and surrounded the plane. "There was a moment when ... the screens showed they were behind us, to the left and in front of us. It was at that point that I felt a bit tense," said Maj. Magdaleno Castanon.

 I never thought anything like this would happen to me, but,,,,,, I attend a small college in the southeast. One day last week while I was studying in the library, and thought I was all alone, this girl from class showed up and sat across from me. I tried my best to concentrate on my work, but she made it difficult,,,,, huh? what???? It's not that kind of forum??? damn, I sure feel stupid now,,,, nevermind,, go back to what you were doing.

 On the same day Rummy tours Abu Ghraib, the CIA is saying the ax-man in the Berg video is known terrorist, Abu Masub al-Zarqawi -- who is supposed to be dead. But even if he were still alive; Zarqawi had a prosthetic leg. the guy in the video doesn't seem to be teetering on a peg leg. And, maybe it's the lighting, but Zarqawi's hands look pretty white for a desert-dwelling bomb-thrower -- as do everyone's hands. And, why would the terrorists go to all the trouble of making a video, ostensibly to terrorize the US, and then hide their identity behind ski masks? Why would they even have ski masks? One would think finding a ski shop in the Middle East would be like trying to find a Burkka boutique in Miami. It seems to me that if this was indeed the dreaded terrorist al-Zaqawi, that it would be a much more successful recruiting/terrorist tool showing the perps in all their Middle Eastern glory. Another interesting thing. Note the body shape and stance of the perps. These are some well-fed boys. Chunky. Beefy. Are these the bodies of squirrely iraqi insurgents? what about the way they are standing. they seem to have modelled their on-camera stance on what is called Parade Rest in our military. Why is Berg wearing an American-issue orange prison jumpsuit? Why is he totally still while the knife is coming down? How come blood isn't spurting out of his jugular vein? It has been said that the guy in the video doesn't so much look like Nick. Here is a recent picture of Nick Berg: Finally, we know Berg had been taken in by the FBI -- and that's really the last anyone had heard.

 I've changed my name and turned green... one more sign of the end times,,, well that and the fact that no one that regularly posts on here is actually in JC anymore....

 whatever the image was that Milhorn posted was corrupt. it wouldn't load and was hosing up the rest of the site. i have no idea what it was and you are welcome to repost it. you might make sure it's not a super large file. having said that, everyone who posts here is a GUEST. not just of me and Lisa -- but of everyone who reads or joins. it's as if we are sitting around a table in a restaurant. try to have some manners. no one here has an obligation to put up antisocial behavior.

 Whom ever edited my last post.......

 Rush Limbaugh's morning update 5/11/04: "Ladies and Gentlemen, let me ask you a question: Have you noticed, since these prisoners [pictures?] of torture and abuse and misery and whatever you want to say--since these pictures came out, have you noticed that there are fewer attacks against Americans by Iraqi insurgents? Have you noticed that the death toll and the injury count is [sic] severely down--drastically down--since these pictures were made public? Now, the question is this: Do we dare a draw a connection? Do we say that these pictures have so shocked the insurgents and the other members of the enemy in Iraq that they don't want to get anywhere near this prison--anywhere near these female American prison guards and so they have reduced their activity and instances of violence against us? Well, let's say it's true: can anyone get away with saying this? I mean, right now the mentality is: this is so horrible; this is bad: this is disgusting; this is mean: this the worse America has ever been. Can there be any good derived from the release of these pictures? Can anybody make this connection and survive? Who would do it? I don't think it can be done, folks. But' I'll try. I'll do it." Nice try, of course the right wing won't hold you to these words.....

 American civilian contractor Nick Berg, of Philadelphia PA, was apparently executed in Iraq by a group claiming to be affiliated with Al Qaeda. He has been missing since April 9th. The video is being shown on the radical Islamic website Muntada al-Ansar and is reported to show top Al Qaeda lieutenant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi carrying out the beheading. The video showed five men wearing headscarves and black ski masks, standing over a bound man in an orange jumpsuit who identified himself as an American from Philadelphia. After reading a statement, the men were seen pulling the man to his side and cutting off his head with a large knife. They then held the head out before the camera. The statement read, "For the mothers and wives of American soldiers, we tell you that we offered the U.S. administration to exchange this hostage with some of the detainees in Abu Ghraib and they refused. So we tell you that the dignity of the Muslim men and women in Abu Ghraib and others is not redeemed except by blood and souls. You will not receive anything from us but coffins after coffins ... slaughtered in this way." After reading the statement, the masked men pushed Berg to the ground, held him down, and executed him, shouting "Allahu Akbar" over the man's screams. The action took nearly a full minute. The hooded figure used a knife of some sort that had been tucked in his belt, and made many passes with it before the beheading was complete. They then held his head up to the camera. Berg was 26 years old. His decapitated body was found Saturday in Baghdad. Where's the liberal outcry over this? There won't be any, they don't care about Americans getting killed, just terrorist getting nude and having underwear on their head.

 As a result of the scandal involving the Iraqi prison, several members of the unit involved, who apparently had nothing to do with the abuses there, will not be receiving commendations earned in the service of thier nation, including several that were to be presented the Bronze Star. No word from Dick Chenney if they will not be receiving medals, or not be receiving ribbons for these commendations. Given his prior insistence on the distiction between the two, I would hope that someone in the mainstream media would find out for us....



 It would be illegal for these "soldiers" to pose these photos in Rhea County, Tennessee, and if given his way, Bush would not let any of them marry........



 now i see why geo 43 said no to overseas duty. he knew, even then, that being in the guard could be dangerous to his career. if he had to go half way around the world and torture people and possibly butt raping female prisoners in general, the photos might damage his future as oil-grubbing-asswipe-in-chief. note to rick: rush looks like he's put away a few snickers bars, and had a few snickers while making millions of dollars off of right wingers, but seriously, a candy bar FULL OF NUTS fucks up your atkins diet for at least two or three days. get real. the style of bullshit humor in your previous post reminds me of the old photos from the 40's and 50's of lynchings where white people would dress up in their sunday best and go look at the strange fruit .dangling from the trees...so are you going to frame this one hang it over your dining room table with pride so your kids grow up right? I mean, hey, you and toby keith are young enough to enlist and go over to iraq, i know a 50 something woman who just left for bagdad yesterday. instead of smarmy fake ads and sucky songs to bilk money out of patriototic home folk...PUT YOUR MONEY WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS. book your passage to the land of bush, inc. etc... Then maybe this shit will get funny...

 And she is apparently pissed off!! This bodes well for our humble little blog me thinks.... Love the snickers pic by the way Ric,,, Rumsfield says there are worse images to come (although he hasnt read the report?!?!?!), makes me fear for what could be worse, and what dark heart it crawled from.....



 Keeping in mind the torture in as been perpetrated by intelligence services (both military and private) it is instructive to remember who is running our "Military Intelligence." William G. "Jerry" Boykin, whose bizarre religious comments last year sparked a (brief) controversy -- is the deputy undersecretary of Defense for intelligence, the man charged with tracking down terrorist leaders and cracking down on insurgents in Iraq. In other words, he's the guy holding the camera: In his own words: George Bush was not elected by a majority of the voters in the United States, Boykin told an Oregon congregation. He was appointed by God. Here's another: "Then enemy will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus." Adding that our enemy was, a spiritual enemy ... called Satan. So, here's the manifestation of Bush's Christianity hard at work in Iraq. His Christianity is so offensive, it makes the worst Catholic mainstream bullshit, er, dogma that I am familiar with, look like Unitarian Nambipambisim. If corporatism + militarism = fascism then, corporatism + militarism + fundamentalist evangelicalism = ARMEGEDDON (am i the only one noticing this?)

 Are we not supposed to be morally outraged by the photos of torture in Iraq? Aren't we supposed to be decreasing torture and terror by Americans in the Middle East? Then why (fucking tell me WHY) did the Senate overwhelmingly approve John "Honduran Death Squad" Negroponte (95 to 3) to be the new ambassador to Iraq? on Thursday no less! We had seen the pictures. We knew the story and yet the Senate overwhelmingly votes for a man whose claim to fame is his use of private military contractors (mercenaries), to terrorize the people Honduras, lest they think they might desire a government by the people, for the people, and not American corporate interests. as Mussolini said, "Fascism should rightly be called Corporatism as it is a merging of state and corporate power." The only thing scarier than the merging of state and corporate power, is the merging of church and state and corporate power, which is indeed what we have now. As an aside -- Nader is polling at 7 percent with Kerry at 43 and Bush at 45. He will throw this election proving once AGAIN the hippies' relevance in the political process.

 The alleged torture and humiliation of Iraqi POW's was no more harsh than a fraternity hazing. Makes me kinda wonder which homoerotic frat he was in.....

 whitehouse.gov has a page from march 17, 2003 and it's title is "Iraq: Denial and Deception", now that stands as comedy all it's own, but in the speech the prez gave he says toward the end: "Many Iraqis can hear me tonight in a translated radio broadcast, and I have a message for them. If we must begin a military campaign, it will be directed against the lawless men who rule your country and not against you. As our coalition takes away their power, we will deliver the food and medicine you need. We will tear down the apparatus of terror and we will help you to build a new Iraq that is prosperous and free. In a free Iraq, there will be no more wars of aggression against your neighbors, no more poison factories, no more executions of dissidents, no more torture chambers and rape rooms. The tyrant will soon be gone. The day of your liberation is near. And all Iraqi military and civilian personnel should listen carefully to this warning. In any conflict, your fate will depend on your action. Do not destroy oil wells, a source of wealth that belongs to the Iraqi people. Do not obey any command to use weapons of mass destruction against anyone, including the Iraqi people. War crimes will be prosecuted. War criminals will be punished. And it will be no defense to say, "I was just following orders." (note: bold type added for text skimmers.) (and yes, i know, already, i know, big fucking deal...)

 From April 13th edition: "WASHINGTON, D.C.Like most of the Bush cabinet, Attorney General John Ashcroft took commercial jets when he traveled. But on July 24, 2001, he changed that practice and began flying in chartered government jets. Asked by CBS News at the time about the change, the Justice Department cited a "threat assessment" by the FBI and said Ashcroft had been advised to travel only by private jet for the remainder of his term. "There was a threat assessment, and there are guidelines. He is acting under the guidelines," an FBI spokesman said. But as CBS went on to report, "Neither the FBI nor the Justice Department, however, would identify what the threat was, when it was detected, or who made it." A "senior official" at the CIA said he wasn't aware of specific threats against any cabinet member, and Ashcroft himself declared, "I don't do threat assessments myself, and I rely on those whose responsibility it is in the law enforcement community, particularly the FBI." Wouldn't it be great if we all had gotten threat assessments???

 2 Tbslp Salt 2 Tbslp Sugar 2 Tbslp Brown Sugar 2 Tbslp Ground Cumin 2 Tbslp Chili Powder 2 Tbslp Black Pepper 5 Tbslp Hungarian Sweet Paprika 7 Tbslp Hungarian Hot Paprika 3 Cloves Crushed Garlic Mix well and rub on meat before grilling, smoking, or baking. The longer it's on the meat before cooking the better the flavor will be in the meat. I usually try for at least 12 hours, or better yet, 24. Give anyone any ideas? Note: this should not be attempted without Bill's Secret BBQ Sauce, known only to me, and Valarie Plume,,,,,



 I had the pleasure of seeing the film like many of you and writing a story for the Elizabethton Star, bastion of left-wing hegemony that it is (har har). All of you can check it out (my story) on the Web at www.starhq.com tomorrow when the site is updated. In all fairness to myself, I must say my story trumps Sam Watson's (I love you, Sam).



 The right wing on John Kerry saying "fuck" in Rolling Stone magazine: "I heard that [Kerry using the F-word] and I can tell you that an educated person who has had schooling, and certainly the senator has, should not have to demean himself and others by using that word under any circumstances." Jerry Falwell, December 19, 2003 "It is shocking, because these are people who are trying to be the leader of the free world, president of the United States. There's a certain amount of dignity . . . that used to be associated with the office. And George Bush, to his credit, is attempting to return some of that. It really does not reflect well on the Democratic candidates that they're stooping to this kind of language." Mona Charen, December 23, 2003 "I've known John Kerry for a long time and I'm very disappointed that he would use that kind of language. That's beneath John Kerry and I'm disappointed that he did it." Andrew Card, White House Chief of Staff, December 8, 2003 "You've got your good friend John Kerry-Dukakis, using the F-word . . . Are you at all embarrassed at these candidates?" Sean Hannity, December 8, 2003 The right wing on "Dick" Cheney saying "Fuck yourself" to Sen. Leahy on the floor of the United States Senate: "I didn't hear them." -- Sen. Bill Frist "I expressed myself rather forcefully, felt better after I had done it," -- V.P. Dick Cheney hhhhhhhmmmmmmmm maybe we should all try that,,,, FUCK YOU! YOU RIGHT WING HYPOCRITES!!! Damn, ya know, I really do feel better!

 Does anyone know anything about a Union 76 ball walking its' way across town a few years ago?

 1 1/2 pounds London broil (about 3/4-inch thick) 2 garlic cloves, minced 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice 1 tablespoon Greek seasoning 1 tablespoon olive oil 1 (8 ounce) container plain nonfat yogurt 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded, and chopped 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice 1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed 6 pita bread rounds shredded lettuce 1 large tomato, diced Garnishes: fresh dill, lemon wedges, cucumber slices PLACE beef between 2 sheets of heavy-duty plastic wrap; flatten to 1/2-inch thickness using a meat mallet or rolling pin. COMBINE garlic and next 3 ingredients in a shallow dish or large heavy-duty zip-top plastic bag; add beef. Cover or seal, and chill 8 hours. Remove beef from marinade, discarding marinade. STIR together yogurt and next 3 ingredients. Set aside. GRILL beef, covered with grill lid, over medium-high heat (300 degrees to 350 degrees) 7 minutes on each side or to desired degree of doneness. Let stand 5 minutes. Cut into thin slices. PLACE beef evenly down center of warm pita rounds. Top with yogurt mixture, lettuce, and tomato. Enjoy

 Strategic Snark Reserves "Dangerously Low"; Increased Consumption Blamed Experts report that the United States Strategic Snark Reserves have been severely depleted, and absent new discoveries of snark may run dry within three years. "Liberal bloggers have been using snark at an exponentially expanding rate, but it's not a renewable resource" said Lawrence Peters, head researcher at the American Blog Studies Group, a liberal think tank. "Once it's gone, it's gone." Already the shortage has had an impact. Liberal bloggers like Billmon and Josh Marshall have taken extended vacations in recent months to recover; others, like the Washington Monthly's Kevin Drum, have dramatically curtailed daily snark output. Other bloggers have suffered more severely. "I just couldn't take it anymore," blogger Hesiod probably would have said, had this reporter bothered to contact him or any of the other people mentioned in this story. "It started out bad, even before the Bush Presidency began, and it just kept getting worse." Hesiod's own blog, Counterspin, was shuttered recently when he experienced Total Snark Failure, known as TSF. "It was awful. I just woke up one day and... it wasn't there. Just nothing." Blogger Billmon knows what Hesiod is facing. Billmon had an episode of TSF earlier this year. "Luckily, it was only temporary. But it hurt like hell to be shut down." The long-term prospects for bloggers such as Hesiod are unclear. Snark-related research has been severely curtailed by the Bush administration, and new snark supplies are nearly non-existant. In the meantime, all Hesiod can do is hope. "I mean, maybe new sources will be found. Until then, I guess my blog has to stay closed." Anatomy of a Crisis Snark usage among liberal bloggers reached record levels even before the Bush administration took office. "Dick Cheney conducted a nationwide search to find the most qualified Vice President for George W. Bush to run with," said one anonymous lefty blogger, currently hospitalized for Chronic Snark Fatigue. "And after the whole search, he found Dick Cheney." "You had people like Karen Hughes standing in front of TV cameras in Florida, demanding to 'count every vote', while at the exact same time Bush lawyers were going to court to stop it from happening." said blogger Atrios. "I mean, what the hell are you supposed to do with that? And in a state run by Bush's own brother?" Hesiod agrees that the months surrounding the start of the Bush Presidency were the hardest. "The man's name is Dick," he laughs weakly from his bed. "I knew then I was going to have to pace myself, or I'd never get through it." Hesiod and other bloggers accuse the Bush administration of deliberately exacerbating the crisis by intentionally inflating snark usage. "The administration is constantly coming up with publicity campaigns designed solely to bleed snark," said another anonymous blogger. "They'll introduce legislation with the most absurd titles imaginable, just to force snark usage to spike." Atrios points to the "Healthy Forests Initiative" as one of the more egregious examples. "There's no way you can tell me that wasn't named that just to try and take out a few of the weaker liberal bloggers. They knew exactly what they were doing." Asked whether such legislation is taking a toll on him, Atrios begrudgingly admitted "It does. I try to pretend I myself have an infinite snark supply, but I won't lie -- that was a tough few weeks. It followed soon after 'Clear Skies', and I think that for a lot of the smaller bloggers, it marked the beginning of the end." While Atrios is among the lucky ones, for now, experts caution that the months before the next election could see the shuttering of many liberal blogs. "There simply isn't enough snark to go around, and it's only going to get worse from here," said Peters. "Some of these bloggers won't make it to the election. Their heads will pop like grapes." Alternative Energy Sources Explored Liberal bloggers and blogs rely much more heavily on snark than the rest of the "blogosphere", say experts, and the answer to the current crisis might be found in exploring other, more common energy sources. More rightward-leaning blogs have long ago converted to renewable energy sources; nearly all are currently self-sustaining. Of particular interest to researchers is Being A Blowhard, a common and renewable source of power among right-leaning blogs. "If we could convert the energy of one Glenn Reynolds or Mickey Kaus to snark, our problems would be solved," one researcher said. "Obtuse Self Delusion is also promising. The question is how to convert it into snark. How do you get from an Andrew Sullivan to something that a Billmon or Hesiod can use?" Among the most powerful renewable feul sources is Venom-Filled Hate. "But that's nearly impossible to extract. All we're getting out of our test subject is 'Arf. Arf Arf,' and that's a long way from becoming a usable long-term power source." Researchers warn that none of thier work will be available anytime soon. "It may be that liberal bloggers may have to supplement their snark with other energy," says Peters. "Blend in a bit of these right-wing feuls, as an emergency measure. It won't run clean, and it'll stink like hell, but it may be the only way to get through the crisis." No Relief in Sight In the meantime, liberal bloggers cannot expect much relief. While the Bush Presidency is expected to end in January, experts warn that snark will still be needed at record-breaking rates for the foreseeable future. "I know it won't end in January," says Atrios. "The Republican party will still be controlled by an exterminator, a guy who used to kill kittens for practice, and a guy named after a blue Muppet. And there are rumors of a new Contract With America, something about buying all gay people DVD players if they just agree to have their foreheads branded with one of the Ten Commandments." "We have to be strong," Billmon sighs. "I don't know if we can do it or not, but we have to at least get through the election." Hesoid, still bedridden from his own experiences, agrees. "This is too important. I gave it my all, but maybe there's someone out there with a little snark in reserve, who can take my place." "But we can't just let the liberal blogosphere close down." No, but really, some excellent blogs here: urlLink Eschaton urlLink Billmon-Whiskey Bar urlLink Daily Kos urlLink Talking Points Memo urlLink This Modern World urlLink Washington Monthly - Political Animal

 Where did everybody go? And why am I not there?

 Now that the cannonization of Ron Reagan is well underway, it would be rude of me to suggest that the treasury print a 6 trillion dollar bill with his face on it as an eternal memorial to his time in office.... so I won't. I am wondering if there is a connection between his death from altzimers and Bush jr,'s limiting of stem cell research in the treatment of this ailment,,,, do we have George the II to credit for the death of this american hero? What say ye on the right wing?



 the vice-president, a playboy model, a highstakes gambler, a gay pallbearer and a left-leaning ne'er-do-well, (though called junior) son meet over a wood box in Washington, DC. that's it. thats the joke...

 In these historic times there are few things worth writing about. Politics for sure merits keystrokes. But i think we have been neglecting food. Judge Bean's Texas BBQ in nashville (in Bill's neighborhood, no less)... oh my gawd! i know jane and michael stern (roadfood.com) love Dixie bbq in JC -- a well deserved distinction -- but this is incredible. If you go, get the BBQ Tacos. Who knew Texas even had a style of bbq?



 ok, so yesterday, it was announced that Bush had hired a lawyer to represent him in the "who outed the CIA agent's identity" investigation,, and today, his director of the CIA resigns,,, and thus far I have heard no one in the media connect these dots....

 Does anybody remember the origin of "It was that a half a peanut butter sandwich that sent (him/me/whoever) over the edge?" I think it came from an incident at a Dead show, but it also entered my life at the exact same time as "leglessly hairlessly brainlessly" as a catchphrase, so maybe it's a Butthole Surfers thing.

 "White House Projects Highest Deficit Ever By ALAN FRAM WASHINGTON (AP) - This year's federal deficit will soar to a record $445 billion, the White House projected Friday in a report provoking immediate election-season tussling over how well President Bush has handled the economy. The administration's annual summertime budget update forecast shortfalls falling to $331 billion next year, then fading to $229 billion by 2009. For each year, the red ink was smaller than the White House envisioned six months ago. The analysis was released the same day the Commerce Department said economic growth slowed this spring to an annual rate of 3 percent, well below the 3.8 percent spurt that many economists expected. The slowdown was caused by a spending cutback by consumers in the face of high gasoline costs, the department said. Administration officials hailed the budget figures as a solid improvement over the deficits analysts forecast early this year,...." UN-FUCKING-BELEIVEABLE!!! HOW IN THE BLUE WHOOPING FUCK DO YOU PUT A POSITIVE SPIN ON THAT???

 WASHINGTON (Reuters) A campaign worker for President Bush said on Thursday American workers unhappy with low-quality jobs should find new ones or pop a Prozac to make themselves feel better. "Why don't they get new jobs if they're unhappy or go on Prozac?" said Susan Sheybani, an assistant to Bush campaign spokesman Terry Holt. The comment was apparently directed to a colleague who was transferring a phone call from a reporter asking about job quality, and who overheard the remark.

 dear abby, my local record store, (geographically the closest- 45 miles due east of my home) has a vinyl with virgin shrink-wrap(recordhymen intact) of "lizards" for 11.99 american. (i have located a copy on euro-ebay(zoeken: lizards, nederland) for 4,08 euro. compare to tom petty and heartbreakers hard promises 7,42 euro...) can you tell me if this is considered a good buy/deal or not at the stage in the BNM arc? should i haggle with the shop owner? (they also have slightly used copies of "revolver" for 40.00 and the white albumn for 88.00 american respectively.) i also know of a particular recorded music shop in chicago (near the great white north) that has brother boy cd's and they are asking 13.99 american for those. thanks for your advice, sincerely, groovehopper

 Since I'm exiled to the great white north and have to rely on the Kingsport Times and the Go- Tri Cities web site for information, I have a question....... I read that Clint Howard is performing at the Down Home. What is he going to do for a performance. I thought his talent was limited to being&nbsp;Ron's &nbsp;little brother. Just curious

 So it was called "The Night of the Sextants," but what did that mean? That should be a good JC story.

 pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow !pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!popow!w!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow ! pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow! pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!pow!

 rick, unwittingly, has found the catch-22 in modern investing. EVERYBODY's EVERYTHING -retirement, college funding, etc... has been pushed into the "free market" of the stock exchange. man cannot prosper on bonds alone. well, not til greenspan gets nutty and raises prime lending rates to 13% anyway. before Enron became the feature of a verb(who enroned your ass?), if you had stock in them texans, you invest there and your kid might be able to go to a real college. Hell, Philip Morris changed their name to Altria so people could invest in them with less guilt. I wish I could pull a Thoreau and tell my broker to avoid certain stocks, but then my kids won't have very much for college in their IRS-protected funds. I dont know day-to-day which 500 companies they might buy or sell on my behalf at any rate. (They might have to go to ETSU, though I'd prefer OTR truck driving school over that.) the very idea of modern investing for retiring is for the employee to save a lil cash, avoid taxes, then to take a lil' 401K profit and re-invest it every quarter for 40 years or so. Once the idea of retirement was a "pension", and the company you worked for had control of the up and down of that. it was plodding, but generally secure for folks who could stick around long enough to divest (work at Tennessee Eastman Co. for about 50 years without dying of cancer, for instance). But now, the folks left working for Eastman don't want their own stinky stock. they want diversity- not in life, but demand it only in their portfolio of course. of course... to recap our top story, Dick Cheney is still a criminal who should be eating humus in Gitmo. (I'd hate to be the canine on a leash that had to try and scare him) Unless he could get asylumn in Tehran, where his real friends reside, of course. the real problem with "hell-a-burden" is the shit that has been happening since the war in IRAQ started. you know, the no bid fuck the taxpayer guaranteed contracts and the war profiteering in the last few months. so lets all put on our flak jackets and camo helmets and sing the war profiteers theme song: "D-I-C- see you in hell real soon, K-C-H-E-N-E-Y- why, well, go fuck yourself. Boy, do I feel better, B-U-S-H-i-t!"

 The 9/11 Commission that Bush opposed has released it's report, and with it specific recommendations for how future terrorist attacks could be prevented by making the Washington intelligence bureaucracy more efficient. President Bush and the Republican controlled House and Senate have responded to this call to protect our nation by going on vacation.

 Halliburton hypocrisy? &nbsp; : Teresa profited when VP was CEO By David R. GuarinoRead Guarino's urlLink Road to Boston Blog Wednesday, July 21, 2004 As Sen. John F. Kerry's campaign escalates charges over energy giant Halliburton's government deals and ties to Vice President urlLink Dick Cheney , there's one thing they don't mention - the Kerry family's own Halliburton payday. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Teresa Heinz Kerry liked the Cheney-run Halliburton enough to buy and sell more than a $250,000 in company stock in 1996, netting a tidy profit of up to $15,000, records show. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Kerry family Halliburton investment is tucked in the Massachusetts senator's lengthy financial disclosure forms, reviewed by the Herald. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The records, which limit disclosure only to broad ranges, show one of the Heinz family trusts bought between $250,001 and $500,000 of Halliburton stock on May 13, 1996 - while Cheney was its CEO.

 Bill knows- but six years ago DICK cheney knew too: "BERNAMA, THE MALAYSIAN NATIONAL NEWS AGENCY KUALA LUMPUR, April 20, 1998 Former United States Defence Secretary Dick Cheney today hit out at his government for imposing unilateral economic sanctions like the Iran-Libya Sanctions Act, saying they have been "ineffective, did not provide the desired results and a bad policy". "I have made it clear that our (the US unilateral) sanctions policy is wrong," he said when asked to comment on the Iran-Libya Act which contains provisions for sanctions to be imposed by the US against foreign companies making investment beyond US$20 million a year in the oil and gas sector of the targeted countries. Malaysia, which is against the extra-territorial law, has said that Petronas and other Malaysian companies will continue to invest abroad despite the US threat of sanctions under the Act. Petronas is currently involved in a US$2 billion gas field project in Iran undertaken jointly with SA Total of France and Gazprom of Russia. Speaking to reporters after calling on Datuk Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad at the Prime Minister's office here, Cheney, who is now the chairman and CEO of Halliburton, said: "The US needs to be much more restraint then we have been in terms of pursuing unilateral economic sanctions." Cheney, who served under the Bush administration between 1989 and 1993, however said the multilateral economic sanctions imposed by the international community on Iraq were "appropriate". "I disagree with the current law (Iran-Libya Sanctions Act) but my company will comply with the rule (Act)," he said. He said he also disagreed with the unilateral economic sanctions imposed on Myanmar and Arzerbaijan." emphasis added WAKE THE FUCK UP!

 It seems that Haliburton opened its Iran endevor shortly before Cheney left as CEO to run the Bush campaign,,, Here's to impeachments for something other than a blow job!

 quote from the script of the new movie The GirlieMan Churi On Candidate: "...'Einglich lawnguish: einglitch languiwitch!&nbsp;I vill krutch you vith my bar hants."

 Schwarzenegger is of the opinion that democrat legislators and union members are "girlie men." Does that include the union members that kicked his daddies ass back in WWII?? Say, come to think of it, wasnt Ron Reagan a union president at one time? I guess while he was lifting weights to prove his manhood, guys like Kerry and McCain were getting shot at so that useless fucks like him could run down the American way of life. Hey Arnie! If you don't like it here why dont you move your ass back to the Rhineland and make all the german girlie men wear pink triangles while you ship them off to Auschwitz?

 "Behold the political alignment that Kansas is pioneering for us all. The state watches impotently as its culture, beamed in from the coasts, becomes coarser and more offensive by the year. Kansas aches for revenge. Kansas gloats when celebrities say stupid things; it cheers when movie stars go to jail. And when two female pop stars exchange a lascivious kiss on national TV, Kansas goes haywire. Kansas screams for the heads of the liberal elite. Kansas runs to the polling place. And Kansas cuts those pop stars' taxes." &nbsp; thomas frank

 According to Seymour Hersh (you know, the Pulitzer Prize winner investigative reporter who broke the My Lai story in 1970 and the Abu Ghraib prison abuse story earlier this year), that is not hyperbole. There is video of U.S. soldiers at Abu Ghraib sodomizing young Iraqi boys. Donald Rumsfeldd urlLink alluded to it during his testimony before the Armed Services Committee in May. Hersh disclosed this during an ACLU speech last week. urlLink Here's video of the event. It's actually the whole event which is waycool because Sandra Tsing Loh is the first speaker. She is relating how she was fired from public radio for saying "FUCK" in one of her monologues. The "FUCK" was supposed to be bleeped out by the engineer, but he missed the edit. It was a pretty innocuous and contextual uttering of "FUCK" too, in a story having to do with Bette Midler. So the "FUCK" was actually a hommage. Not the I-hope-you-die usage Dick Cheney intended on the Senate floor. During the "class" photo. Watch the video of the speeches your damn self. Hersh's mention of Abu Ghraib is right around 1:30:00 -- that's one hour and a half into the stream. Afterwards, Greg Proops performs. urlLink the video

 "...funny books ... bad." "...donkey with wife and me ...good."

 What a busy week! First the Edwards VP announcement (and Bush's facile reaction 'the difference is Cheney could be President' -- duh -- he already is). Then, a weird conservative push for the Bush campaign to drop Dick "Potty Mouth" Cheney. Then the revelation that Bush's military records have been "destroyed." Another revelation cites that 20 billion dollars of oil money is missing from Iraq (as Bremer dashes off in an Army helicopter). Next, Bush's snub of the NAACP (who needs black votes when they are easily dropped from the voter rolls). And just when the release of the Arms Services Committee report on going to war under false pretenses made this week seem like a William Burroughs political thriller, we are told that Tom Ridge, Director of Homeland Security is having legal memos drawn up that will enable the Bush administration to "postpone" the election without the consent of congress. POSTPONE THE ELECTION. This at the urging of DeForest Soaries Jr., Bush appointed chairman of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission. Soaries also happens to be the senior pastor of a 7,000-member First Baptist Church in New Jersey. Culture war is so five minutes ago. This season it's Holy War, baby! Pour yourself a tall one and sit back and wait for the giant splatter of shit fanning out from sea to shining sea. They know they are going to lose and lose BIG. And like Veruca Salt the greedy bastards have no self control. They must have all the blueberries. MMM, blueberries. In the immortal words of Dick Cheney, "go fuck yourselves," America -- we've got gorging to do. Haliburton, Bechtel, KBR and all the rest haven't sucked us completely dry yet. It's like Mr. Burns from the Simpsons is running the country. As interesting as this is, my one question is what do YOU think? What on earth do you do any differently given that everything right and good about this country is being stolen from us right before our very eyes. They aren't even being coy about it. In the words of Lewis Black, "it's like they are sitting on our face and taking a dump." Come on, ya'll -- even the most daffy Republican can't go along with this. This is treason. Coup-like, even. What say ye?

 In order to preserve the senitive nature of our guests I have decided, since I cannot "take back" my hindi post, it is only fair that I offend as many religions as possible. So here goes... first up, snake handlers: mmmmmmmm........ribs......obsalom absalajepthat....... roasted on a fa'r....mmmmmmmmmmm.......backsliding down with barbie Q sauce..........mmmmmmmmm........ribz...... colfucolia oliphantincideouctulido accidophlous...a'man brother........mmmmmmmmmmmm......ribs......fuck jesus... ribs is wu'r the trooooth lives brother!

 Click here urlLink for the best political ad ever !

 Knnen Sie der Welt zum Mann vertrauen, der den Stern trgt?

 Ya know, it occurs to me that if Kerry's largest contributor had been indicted, the headlines would have mentioned Kerry's name, Yet in no story I have read thus far about the arrest of Kenneth Lay had George Bush's name been mentioned. So I will. Kenneth Lay has been indicted by a Federal Grand Jury for essentially a form of theft (bilking folks that purchased his stock out of thier savings when he knew the stock was overvalued due to his own malfeasence.) Alot of the money Lay is a accused of making in this manner went to the Bush/Cheney coffers for the 2000 election as Lay was the biggest single contributer. Neither Bush nor the Republican party have offered to return this money to the people it was stolen from. Dick Cheney refuses to release the names of those who served on his energy task force; among those believed to serve is this now accused felon. Ya know what they say,,, "birds of a feather...."

 You've surely already read about urlLink Colin Powell performing the Village People's "YMCA" in Indonesia. If not, the BBC has the video. As the urlLink BBC's Tim Willcox dryly put it: In any league table of politican's most embarrassing moments, it must rank pretty high. And really, is there any better way to help stabilize a nation struggling with fanatic Muslim reactionaries than by performing a tune originally created to celebrate joyful gay sex? ...

 mmmmm.......roasted ribs...mmmmmmmmm.......mmmmmmmmmm........... fuck kharma...ribs' is where it resides.... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...............

 "What if they had integrated? " * There would never have been an electric light. * There would never have been an automobile. * There would never have been an airplane "Please vote for James Hart as the republican nominee for US House of Representatives in the 8th congressional district Tenn. My name will be on the ballot in the Aug. 5th Republican primary. I will be opposing John Tanner in Nov. The cost for this solicitation has been paid for and authorized by the James Hart for congress committee. Contributions should be made out to James Hart for congress committee and sent to PO Box 72, New Concord Ky. 42076. Federal law requires us to obtain and report the name, mailing address, occupation and name of employer of individuals whose contributions exceed $200 per election cycle. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, foreign nationals, federal goveernment contractors and monors under 18 years of age are prohibited. The maximum an individual may contribute is $2,000 per election. Contributions are not tax deductable. "

 Having failed to pass the Anti gay marriage amendment, and having not bothered with an anti abortion amendment (even thought they control both houses and the executive branch,,, strange they didn't try that) I suggest the republicans should now try to combine thier efforts and pass the Anti Gay Abortion Amendment. Under this proposal, gays could not seek an abortion, except in cases of rape or incest; Remember friends, gay abortion is a threat to traditional abortion in the country!

 Damn, Rick James is dead. That is super freaky.

 that our little blog is now two years old,,,thanks to Brook who got it started. I don't know how many folks still check this thing, but I hope it is able to continue for some time to come. Happy Birthday!

 "Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we.They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we." -"President" Bush, 8/5/04 So as I read it, the Bush regime never stops thinking of ways to harm our county. Ya know, that sorta makes sense of the last 4 years... Also in the recent days, a group of Bush supporters showed up at a rally that Teresa Heinz-Kerry was speaking at and began chanting "Four more years, four more years." The future first lady began a chant that drowned them out of "Three more months, three more months" I like that.

 Don't know how many of you have heard about the staged terrorist drill conducted during the Carter County Commission meeting last night. People were being held at gun point (one guy shot a cap gun "for effect"). Few people knew it was going to happen (including all of the important officials who should have known), and it was the most hilarious, disturbing thing to happen here since the dead cat nativity scene. It will be a miracle if the EMA director here doesn't get fired. There are no words to explain the event - someone needs to make an independent film is all I have to say.

 I'm reading a cool book right now I thought I'd mention, titled "A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius," by Dave Eggers. Isn't that a cool, funny title? It was a Pulitzer prize finalist. Check it out.

 thanks Nicky!

 Bush Insists Economy Is on 'Rising Path' By DEB RIECHMANN "GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (AP) - The federal deficit is at a record high and economic growth has slowed, but President Bush is insisting on the campaign trail that the U.S. economy is on a ``rising path.'' In his weekly radio address Saturday, which he taped Friday while on a stop in Michigan, Bush worked to convince voters that the economic rebound is not stalling."

