 so i did go upstairs and she talked about how skinny i am and how pale my face is and how dark my hair is.....then we did one of those kissed where u kiss them once on each cheek..it was cute.

 hey now i know that ashley ulrich reads my blog...that means i can give her a little message... " hello ex-friend. i noticed that u like to offer blowjobs and make-outs with my brother. and u say ur not a whore....ha! ur not fooling anyone." THE END.

 so what exactly is the point of easter when you dont really have a religion? yet mother wants to have a big celebreation and dinner... right now i'm sitting around on the computer waiting for steven to finish up with the shower so that i can take one then walk to lanis house and feed the little beasts. and dzaidzu and dzuitka are here...that means mommy and daddy are leaving with them soon to go to the riverboat and gamble...to celebreate easter??? i think. i'll soon have to go say hi to the visitors...( gramps and his girlfriend) listen to her attemp to teach me polish and maybe she'll talk about how skinny i am and how much i've grown...the usual stuff. yup yup gotta go say hi now!

 so heres a random note of what i did today: woke up, took a shower walked to lanis house and fed the kitties sat around at lanis house and watched tv then fell asleep..waiting for karina to pick me up karina calls and says she cant pick me up for a while...causing me to walk to her house. i stopped by around the corner candy and visited mallory, then continued my long walk... i looked at the pollution, saw a condom, a baby diaper, and a racoon. (dead) then to carpentersville where the scary mexicans honked their horns and shouted stuff....and sexual harassment. so then got to karinas house...we left for stefanies party then found out that its next weekend and then walked back to my house...total of 10 miles of walking for me today...excersice makes me tired...time for sleep.

 i'm never felt so strange in my life!!! i'm happy/angry and CRAZY!! also hyper..

 hey i caught the plague!! ( refer to March 10)

 once john is gone...things are going to be completely different. i wont find out if i am right or not until this weekend..but that is my prediction. and i am the only one who knows what i am talking about...unless jeremy reads my blog.. in that case...i think he still wouldnt know what i'm thinking .... i'm really strange...someone shoot me... preferably in the leg....i dont want to die!

 here comes the sad.

 i took the advice of a local whore....she told me i am like a "school girl chaseing her crush" actually....i am a girl,and i go to school, and i am chasing my.....boyfriend. wait...can i still call him my boyfriend? well anyway...about me taking advice from that "local whore" no more chasing jeremy allowed...i tried and failed, so i think he should take a shot at it...besides if i try any more i think i might scare him off seems that i am inside the box and the rest of the world is outside of the box... and i need to learn to think outside the box... i like my box...its warm and cozy, but i'm all alone in it. and its locked by the way. and someone has the key...... help!

 lani is off to indiana for the weekend and i get to watch over kittens! by that i mean...feeding them and cleaning up shit... if i wasnt such a nice person i'd go have a party....but for now its a party of one... ::me getting drunk alone at lanis house....and the kittens liking up spilled beer:: oh yeah thats my dream. so steven and his asia......kinda like my mexico.

 my finger is bleeding....

 today was the last day i will ever see John S. its derpressing, i barely knew him but hes the best. He gave me a big hug with his macho arms...and squeezed me a little too tight....but it was like a big bear hug and those are always nice.... it must have looked like a bear hugging a twig...i'm going to miss him. off too texas with the rest of the world...cause lately texas seems the place to be. new additions to the population of texas: dan, john, karina..and more, there has to be more! they'll come back and visit us with a hey ya'll.....

 no thoughts left in my mind today.

 a new website has been added to my list of things to click...bobs band, consolation prize. enjoy!

 they are kinda like.....damp noodles thanks sean! ....asshole...

 dun dun dun....music..we all live in a yellow submarine... well paulina said that it would help..it did sort of. thanks paulina!

 wheres john amenta when u need him!?!?!?

 yeah so i talked to john s. today....it was strange. he said something like " jeremys probably mad and i usually dont like to talk to people when i am mad" shit...still talking about jeremy...zap...

 hmmm....being sad, angry, and whatever else i have been for the last week has gotten a little old. i'm going to start to be happy again, hopefully jeremy will at least come and talk to me...even a "hello" would feel awesome. i am just going to live out this stupid break, regret it, and if jeremy really cares enough about me he will hear me out cause i need to tell him things. i also want to hear how hes feeling. its hard for me right now. being ignored and AVOIDED( even worse). i cant even figure out whether hes at school or not. he must be good at this avoiding thing cause if i were the one doing the avoiding ( which i wouldnt cause i know that would hurt him too much ) i wouldnt be able to.. i just couldnt do that. but from now on i'll try to stop talking about my problems... it hink i got my point across that i want to be back with jeremy. if he doesnt see that then i guess all that is left for me to do is wait. notice the description of my blog. thats exactly why i need to stop constantly writing about him. plus its annoying for me to try so hard to get back with jeremy and i'm really not getting through to him...i lost. what am i sopposed to do? oh shit...sorry......i'm NOT talking about jeremy again...but i am thinking. cant stop me there! so today karina came over in her big 'ol mexican truck and we worked together on her textiles homework. we cut and glued pictures. yeah then bob came over and now monica and the rest of the guys are playing halo so here i am not typing away.

 ~ i really miss jeremy. I'm stupid and i know that. Everyone knows that. I made a terrible mistake and i really wish that he'd let me talk to him. ~ jeremy, jeremy, jeremy...thats been on my mind alot today..obviously. Oh f*ck i'm started to be annoying. ~ hey, steven actually does have an asian girlfriend. i thought that was a joke but no, its reality. I think he really wants to be in a good loving relationship but he just pissed off whoever dares to venture into a scary Steve Piecyk relationship. ~i've been feeling like karina lately. ~ i hate F*cking caller ID..that really needs to be banned. cause people look on their phones and say, "oh shit its lori, lets not answer our phones" ~ i'm not going to stop. I'm not just going to move on when i want to stay. i cant just ignore you in the hallway, that just wont work for me..maybe u but not me.

 ya better not go online anymore cause...who knows...lori might be online too and we cant possibly talk to her anymore.

 well just called mel and cried to her on the phone. it must have been awkward for her but she made me laugh and i feel slightly better... i wonder if its possible to be dehydrated from crying...u know. loss of water and all that stuff. and i put makeup on today and what do u know...washed off in tears again. i quit...no more makeup for me. i'll just be ugly for the rest of my life.

 that just brought my day down to an ultimate low...but i cant really get mad at it. i mean, we are on break and i need to accept the fact that since we are on break he doesnt need to really talk to me...but still i'm trying to talk to him to end this break. and hes not around for me to discuss it with him. what the hell can i possibly do to make him realize how much i love him and how much i want to be back with him?

 today was just horrible...i miss jeremy and not only are we on break but he makes it worse by puposely avoiding me at school...and signing off on me when i try to talk to him online. i want to try to call him but i know he will just not answer me....i wonder if he wants to go back out with me as much as i want to go back out with him... why cant he just listen to what i have to say? i want to tell him that i'm sorry, i made a mistake and i regret it more than he'll ever know....i just want to talk to him in person thats all

 i quit wearing makeup....why should i wear it if its just going to be washed away with tears in the end?

 nothing to do today in biology. i guess we were sopposed to review or something but me and Bio-Jeremy finished early and got to go to the library and now we're on the computers....him looking at something and me typing away in blogger. .....so then theres sean coming to school with a bruise on his face. i wont say how he got it...but i know he is probably going to read this and sean, i think u should tell someone about that. u shouldnt have to put up with it all. ur a great person and i care a lot about u and it would be a good idea to get help with that.l

 i realized over the last few days that...i act alot happier than i really am.

 August. its night time and we're all sitting next to a pine tree looking up at the night sky. its cloud-less and every star is visible. we make up our own constellation. theres tape laid sticky-side-up on the road and a car runs over it. everyone runs back to my house. later we are standing by all the cars in the driveway. i feel so close to you and i know u feel the same. cause that was the night of our first kiss.

 i miss my old blog entries...they were so fascinating.

 I'm falling into memories of you and things we used to do. follow me there a beautiful somewhere a place that i can share, with you.

 today i went to the mall with lani and knowing that jeremy was there i had to visit him. break or not i will always visit him. so i give him 4 cookies, made by me and lani...his response "these are burned..." then me laughing. and scott accused me of trying to poison jeremy with cookies. then...sarah coming in! it was good to see her cause shes really nice and i hadnt seen her in a while. we all talk a bit and then i tell jeremy that it was time for me to go...he gave me peace fingers....::awww:: and i kinda just stood there. thankfully sara said something, " i think she wants a hug jeremy!" me, " no, i'm not allowed to have hugs anymore." but he gave me a hug! and that made me happy....wow i feel like its august again cause i'm making a big deal over hugs! so about this break between me and jeremy...well i am not liking it. i thought a lot about everything and i need to talk to jeremy and tell him whats on my mind. i really want to be back with him. i looked through all of our online conversations and my old blog entires and those memories just made me hate myself for ending something so great...and i also realized that i'm a stupid idiot who gets angry over nothing. i dont want jeremy to change, i want to change myself.

 heres my plans for the future... if i dont end up in a mental hospital i will: save up money get a well-paying job move out the summer after senior year..2007 use the 15,000 dollars babcia left me to get the hell away from this place. go to college??? maybe.

 so if there is anything really stupid to be done...i'm the lady for the job.

 " Lori, you should find a man whos rich, thats all that matters." me, "what if i dont even like the guy?" " it doesnt matter. get yourself a rich guy" me, "dad, thats the biggest piece of bullshit i've ever heard" ::yelling and fighting cause my dad thinks hes right on this one::

 bobs over hurray!

 hmm reading really old blog entries and finding some cool stuff...take a look at august in my archives. fun stuff there.

 fun day for me!!! yeah so i'm in th basement playin smash with jeremy, bob, john, and steven, and lani when to my surprise everyone wants 2 go to dairy queen. so i get invited 2 come with steven and his friends for the first time in my life!!!! i really do think he hates me. so ya, i got to go to dairy queen, where i didnt really feel in place because my name is not lori its " steve's little sister" but whatever. i had fun. commentary: august 11th...hmm that was the best night of my life. it changed my life completly. it was also the night jeremy asked me on a date...

 ok...well currently me and jeremy are on a break.....i just want to get back together...

 comments!! leave me some comments!

 maybe i dont have hope anymore...which i understand, i mean, i dont deserve a chance because of my stupid self. today is so...blah! i sat around for like half of the day and eventually everyone came over like steff, mark, lani, and amanda. then frank, bob, and hank were over too. it was fun and mark showed me how he cut the pocket out of his pants so he could reach around and easily scratch his balls if he needs to! then he decided to undress himself until he was wearing only his boxers. hes so cute...especially when he blushes and sticks his head all the way inside his shirt. i love it. and peeing in the snapple bottle didnt bother me at all! even when he made me feel how warm it was! haha it was such a fun day.

 there is hope for me and my stupid self.

 hahaha

 so theres this guy, his name is Mark and he's just so awesome...yep that mark..i like him a lot! yes i do.

 every pollack i know is so awesome!!! theres Mark, Steff, Paulina, Monica, Steven, and then theres me too! I just got off the phone with paulina. since we are both slackers in our history class we decided to do a separate homework assignment then copy eachothers and turn it in. hopefully my grades arent too low. i've been doing really bad this quarter. well hopefully i'll get to go over to steffs house today to see her and mark and that whole family is so cool i love them all! My dad is happy to know that i'm not dating Charles anymore...he doesnt...like...black...people. and for me well i dont really care at all! minorities are all good...except those occational mexicans. haha my best friend is one so i cant really be racist. today is such a damn boring day. i'm sitting around in my comfy Pj's and frank and the asian are over. maybe frank will come with me over to steffs and we can all be there together like old times.

 this is my new screen name to replace brunette366.

 this post has absolutly nothing to do with my title...i just wanted something fun to put up there in those pretty red letters. well school is coming to an end. thats good and bad, cause this year has been an amazing year and it will be sad to let it all go. It'll be sad going through an entire summer without seeing all these fun new people that i've met. by the way...i am taking a camara to school for the last week or so. be ready for pictures..i'll make copies for those who wish to have some. so about that charles.... hes a real cool person and a great friend too but as a boyfriend...well....i dont know about that cause hes just too sex-crazy for me!! i dont want that, i want someone to love!

 my life this week is all...whoooosh!!! amazing stuff. karina wants to leave me all summer! 6-7 weeks actually but shes going to miss so much. stupid stupid karina...shes my sexy mexican and all but shes leaving for all the wrong reasons. what am i sopposed to do without karina for all that time??

 I think that i am in love with paulina. she is the coolest person on the face of the earth and shes the only one who actually writes comments on my bloggy! thank you paulina i love you! *smooch*

 monica is here!! and we're chatting it up and sitting around watching me type posts in my blog....oh i'm so glad that i get to type in this biznotch again.

 sunday night: i break up with jeremy monday: my one full day of being single tuesday night: charles asks me out wednesday: night on the town with charles at clearwater thursday: ditching and "fun" with charles .......skip a few....... today(sunday) i dump charles and am single!!!

 Yay i changed my blog template cause the new ones are really cool. i'm at stefanies house right now cause its raining and scary so i'm here to watch over her! sadly mark is gone and frank wasnt able to come so its just me and stef right now. i'm a happy single girl again...no more charles. he kind of scared me off...if u know what i mean.. well time to hang out with steff byebye!

 ....so, I'm really stupid, like you didnt know that already..I fucked up something that could have been really great. NOw i have something that i really dont want because i know that i can be happier with...someone else..(mark) Its too late now because i made bad choices, really bad choices. i didnt mean to hurt him but i did, and i ended up hurting myself too, and i'm sorry for that. the think that hurts me the most is losing the chance to be with someone so cute-awesome-funny- the person that i liked, but didnt know he liked me back. I made mistakes--too many. Now i'm left with nothing. I deserved it all. he didnt. and i'm so sorry. --LORI--

 another post for my little bloggy... yesterday I went to Mark's with Frank and Bob...when we got there Karina and Ryan Walter were there too. i guess billy-bob thorton was making a movie at the local gas station so we walked over there to watch them make the movie...it was quite boring. but i made a discovery that megan pugilese smokes...its sad smoking is bad!! smokers are jokers!!!t

 My computer at home continues to slowly die forcing me to write in school....BIOLOGY. yesterday Jeremy got back from his anime shiz and called me with a fun Hello. I went oer to his house and watched a slide show of people in costume...and a couple pictures of girls flocking around him....hey as long as they're not sticking their tongues down his throat i'm ok with it.....yes i amm....ok with it...notjealous...thats right.....dammmit.. so he wasnt at school today..that was saddening. I at least got to see him yesterday. then dan came...i sat in silence as they talked about anime....of which i dont care for.i had no clue what they were talking about....fun times seeing him for the first time in 2 weeks....µ

 steff is MORBID: ......the penis scares me! squintypole: lol squintypole: i like penises they are...nice. steff is MORBID: They are funny looking ... and they taste funny! lol squintypole: lol steff is MORBID: They do! squintypole: i know they do...but its just skin! steff is MORBID: Yeah, skin that spits at you! squintypole: lol steff is MORBID: Its icky! squintypole: lol they're not that bad! steff is MORBID: I don't like it!

 so all of a sudden i figure out about how much random people like my small and innocent ass... i come to biology class today and as i walk by my teacher i hear two words...Loris...ass. me: why are u talking about my butt? teacher: a bunch of guys in my 4th hour talked about how much they like ur butt.. me: you're mean!!! stop being so sarcastic! teacher: i wasnt being mean, it was a compliment! me:(yelling) MY ASS IS FLAT!! i turn around and the class looks from my red face down to my rear...i hold my butt and walk back to my seat. so i guess 4th hour biology has class discussions about me and my little one..ass

 things change and sometimes the most simple disease cannot be cured.

 At the tips of my fingers- hot embers Glowing and dwindling farther down The heat is getting closer The smoke rises to my face Into my skin and hair I feel the heat on my breath It burns my eyes and lungs--choking me. Your hand is smoke around my neck knuckles gripping hard white and intense your hold is strong and i am weak.

 ok...this is my little thought diary from my first day of gym this quarter... "eww my thumb is fucked. what should i draw...my thumb drawings always turn out to look like penises. oh well. My teacher seems nice though, and somewhere out there is mallory. i used to hate her. no reason really, she went out with jeremy. i guess thats why i hated her. But now i've talked to her a lot. Shes in my first hour class. i like her shes real cool. and i really miss 3rd quarter. i didnt have gym back then and now everything is stupid....look at me now... the only reason that i'm writing in this stupid thing is to make myself look busy. shit...i'm friendless. and theres definately too many mexicans here." "2:30...25 mins left. thats a long ass time to just sit here and write. why are people so stupid??? I already left the gym and now i'm back cause i have absolutely nowhere to go. I walked by lani/jeremys room. he was sleeping and she wasnt looking my direction. more pointlessness. mmm...my foot is asleep. i really want to eat my giant chocolate kiss but...its...too BIG! thinking... 'i need to yell at you for what u say and write' fuck. i say a lot and write a lot. i need to figure out this little mystery. what could i have done to piss him off?? my only guess is that i talked about him hurting me when i most likely hurt him first...but hes an idiot. how can we figure out these things without even talking to eachother? no way. he needs to talk to me if he wants to mend things. the longer he takes the worse things will get. " that was my little thoughts on the first day of the 4th quarter.

 i've been using that word a lot lately...oh well, they changed the blogger web site and thats what is amazing today!

 after last nights play miles wanted to go to taco bell so thats where we all went. john amenta was there alone. said he was waiting for jeremy to come. stefanie bought me a quesadilla and it was yummy. eventually jeremy came and all i got was a sad little wave "hello and Goodbye" so after food miles turned up the music on his car and we had a little disco dance party in the parking lot of taco bell. it was fun. then when it came time for me to go home to stefanies house for a sleepover lani all of a sudden cant fit 4 people on her backseat as if shes never done that in the past before. cause we had one extra person when bob skated over. so being the bitch that she is lani refused to drive us home so me and stefanie walked home to carpentersville alone at like 10:30 or eleven at night. it was really scary because 5 beaners ina pickup truck stopped next to us on the road and started calling for us and whisteling for us. it was scary cause if some rapist came me and stef would be helpless... so we called steven and he came to rescue us. we went back to stef's and sat in her room and talked for a while...and steven had his "bottle of water" that he was saving for later that night. so me and stefanie watched edward scissorhands and then fell asleep. THE END

 yesterday was a magical day...in the morning steven had hank and asian over. we all played team halo...me and hank won! then hank and steven wrestled while me and ashley watched. then i had a arm wrestle with her and we concluded that we have the exact same body type because no one was winning the battle. lol we are both skinny weak and squinty. eventually monica came over and they were going to go to hooters with the guys and out of nowhere steven invited me so i went in asians car with monica too. we had "girl talk" on the way there. and once we got to hooters we got a table...and since the guys werent there yet it was three girls at hooters and we laughed about how much we must have looked like lesbians. well the guys eventually got there and it was me, ashley, monica, frank, ryan, and steven. since all the rest had their dates frank decided to go as my date but he wasnt a good one. haha. then ashley dropped me off at karinas before the play. i hungout with her and stefanie until lani picked us up and off to the play!! AT THE PLAY sadly jeremy sat in front of me rather than next to me. and he kept giving me evil stares..alex too! well i had stefanie! and karina too! woot woot! after the play jeremy left right away while the rest of us stayed for a while. charles was really sad so we tried to make him feel better.

 stefanies livejournal replaced the badgers...shes better than them anyway

 today was fun. i ditched 4th hour gym to go home with stefanie. we drove around and went to the mall. when i got home frank and hank were here. we talked about jewish people and nazis like ryanW. or people who wish they would be nazis...who knows. well the school eventually called and here comes.... Idiot Act of the Day#1: i stupidly dont answer the phone so my mom sits and listens to a call about me ditching....blah.. my mom didnt seem to care. she said dont do it again and that was the end of it. i got yelled at by frank and hank more than my parents. Idiot Act of the Day#2: so my dad has this jar full of quarters that accumulated to be about 600 dollars. well i "borrowed" five for going out to eat or something and i stupidly didnt put that damn jar back where it was and my dad finally figured it out today and more yelling for me. i deserved it all....

 i'm such an idiot

 that is tonight. we are all going to the show to have fun and beee happy! this week is packed. theres bobs shindig yesterday...the show tonight...kidneys on saturday...and a possible sleepover with stefanie! so right now lani and frank are laying around on her bed being cute and cuddling and kissing and all that stuf.....wheres mine??...at work.

 aka...bobby!...haha it was the best day ever! i got to hang out with bob, lani, karina, monica, mel, frank, hank, ryan, steven, mark and jeremy made an appearance at one point. we layed in the grass at my house and bobs house all day. it was fun. at one point we decided that we wanted to make a human piramid but the guys wanted a nude human piramid....well the guys got down to their boxers and for us girls...welll...girls are self conscious so we did nothing. ha. steven was being poopy and stayed inside the house and played ebox all day then i spent a lot of time talking to monica between 9 and 10:15 and bob and mel and a little bit of lani too...but i made a monica-realization. i used to not like her but i do now. shes such a cool person and i didnt really notice that cause i think karina brainwashed me or something....or maybe i'm just an idiot. and i read the wrong blog....haha i accidently read brandis...and i've come to the conclusion that she hates me even though i only met her once. its sad. those biz-notches.....

 hank walked me half way home tonight from franks house. hank is actually really smart in a lot of ways. he gave me some good knowledge. goddammit...i have a terrible headache.

 i swear to god every single person in this world is a mindless idiot. myself included. theres those really stupid people who get into arguments over nothing. and when i say nothing i really mean "polka dots" yeah thats right. and other than polka dots theres the people who decide that what goes on in their friends life is also their own concern. and this can also be directed towards myself because i am an idiot like the rest of the world. there is absolutely no exception. and whoever uses the word "poser" shouls be shot.

 abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz....see this is my mind set on:normal mode pqwoieyrakdvj....that is my mind right now.

 i saw tyler jones today for the first time since 8th grade.

 heres today's activities.....wake up. take a shower. get a call from paulina drive to her house pick her up. find out that we only get to hang out for one little hour. thrifting...then each of our mom's picks us up. on the way home i talk to lani and go hang out with her and watched some weird movie about heroin. then me and lani went to marks and picked him up then we all went to a show for against the rest and...some...other ...band. i forgot the name. but the show was good. frank, hank, me, lani, karina, mark, joe were all there having fun. oh yeah bob's brother was there too....and oddly, out of nowhere he tells me that i'm hot after knowing him 11years....that was strange. after the show we went to wendy's/taco bell and then headed to franks house. the guys played some music for us and me, lani, frank, and hank spent the rest of the night watching skate videos in franks basement. i would have had a good day if i didnt want to kill practically everyone there. but actually, lani paulina mark were the only ones who didnt piss me off. the rest can all go to hell.

 i want one of paulinas kittens!!! paulina i think i'm going to take one (secretly) hehehehe. they are just to cute to pass up!

 now i'm like karina and i can only blog type in school or at a friend's house. so thats why i'm typing right now in lanis house. yeah i went to the thrift store this morning with paulina and got a shirt that wasnt very lori-like but once in a while i just feel the need for change. so about "my problems dont matter to anyone" well i wont change it. never never never!!! haha jeremy. so lately everyones been doing the same things in large groups. example: during one week mel, stefanie, lani, and karina all got their hair streaked. then all at once people keep complaining to me about how fat/ugly they are and how ugly their hair is. especially mel who thinks shes fat and really shes not! and her hair is short and sexy but the angelie jolie in her is now gone. like i've said. the only reason a person will complain about their looks to u is when they are in search of compliments. yeeaahh the truth hurts doesnt it!? well me and jeremy are back together which i havnt gotten a chance to write down yet. so just thought u ought to know. i'm a happy girl now. and we got to hang out at my house 2 days in a row! its amazing we have never done that before but we did and it was great!!!

 you've got a halo hanging over your head nothing can touch you nothing can hurt you you take the world out of my eyes you suck the words out of my mouth need you like a drug cant make it stop keep fucking it up need you like a drug dont ever want to be like you you have your friends calling you to say that nothing can touch you nothing can hurt you nothing can take your fantasy away nothing can touch you nothing can hurt you when we kiss it stings like a needle in me

 i've joined the singles club with bob and karina. how...terrible. today was the worst day of my entire summer. i went to couch tour with amanda and steff. mark was there too and so many people that i hadnt seen forever, however i wasnt having a good time at all. then me and amanda walked off and she gave me some...disturbing information. "mark was drunk and had sex with some girl at ryan walters house" umm yea so i walked home from the couch tour by myself and cried all the way cause i couldnt believe it and it made me so sad i couldnt handle it. and by home i mean lanis house cause i'm watching their house for the week however they forgot to leave me the key. i called steven and he came to pick me up with hank and joe. after picking up karina we get back to my house. i told bob what happened and hes like.."yeah mark told me all about his awesome night" stab in the heart#2.... so after being sad all day i go to clearwater and talk to steff about it and she tells me it was all a joke to give mark a reason to break up with me??? stab in the heart #3.... so i went and talked to him. he doesnt want a girlfriend, ummm that really sucks cause i liked mark so much and i could definately have seen myself loving him. but, it happens... >me trying to act happier than i really am man..having to go through the pain of thinking ur boyfriend cheated on u...why would anyone do that

 reading stevens blog for the first time in months. i was really expecting more posts to be in there. if u really pay attention to it its rather depressing. and tonight i realized that i'm more similar to my brother than i thought. then i realized that i'm a bitch and i need to stop. karina told me that me, steff, and mark are alike in one major way. in the way that our personalities change depending on who we're with which i can definately say that i agree with her. thats another one of those things i need to stop too.

 today i got home early from rachels. ate food-went online-watched tv-and went back to sleep. waking up by a phone call from karina. 2:30 shower...then she picked me up and we went to the mall. then to karinas where we attempted to make ourselves beautiful. watched tv and ate candy and were just lazy and calling all our friends like the ones we havnt talked to all summer. i called my friend jeremy and asked him how his "summer goals" were going. so far he got 4 then i made a bet with him that he wouldnt be able to do it. lol. then i called my house and had my longest conversation with my mom on a phone ever. it was strange yet nice cause we just talked about stupid stuff like how steven was home by himself burning pennies??? lol thats what she said! then we drove to target and i got the velvet revolver cd which i am listening to right now and i think it is amazing stuff. then back to my house where steve-ryan-hank-streb-monica were there. we hung around outside then later on me steve hank karina and streb watched super troopers and hank fell in love with it. and karina fell in love with......ekk "blogs ruin lives" oh shit!

 yesterday was so full of events! i woke up at 8:30 karina picked me up at 9:30 and we drove around looking for cake and supplies for her sisters b-day party which i decorated most of it. sean came too to help however i left them which i feel bad for however i had plans with schmidts so i wasnt going to ditch those plans. me, ryan walter, mark, steff, rachel, and shandi all drove around. cough cough cough...they all smoked their cancer sticks. except steff. we are the good ones! we all went to my house for a bit and sat in the basement. mark sang us many songs while ryan played the guitar. it was wonderful. then fireworks came. we got a blanket and sat down to watch them but half the people we were with ditched us to go walk around. hmmm....well after fireworks we spent the night at rachels...me-steff-rachel-shandi rachels basement jus got finished and they have this thing called a love-sac and it was the most comfortable thing i've ever had the chance to sleep on. me and steff slept together on it and sunk into its comfy-ness. theres a picture of us on her livejournal...i have a link to it on my site. well all in all my day was good and bad and everything in between

 today i had a million differnt emotions. sat around being depressed for the first half because my entire conversation with bob last night bothered me a lot. i sat around and made plans to just run away from home. it was pretty detailed too. i explained it all to karina how i would take out all my money from my bank account and sleep outside and all the other stupid stuff that i think of. well it could be fun for like a week. anway, i drove with lani and frank to see fahrenheit 9/11. the people at the theater were being bastards and not letting us in without an adult so this lady came to me and told me that shed help us all out. thank god for people like her. so after the movie me lani and frank went to visit a lonely karina and a verrry horney hector. we ate hot dogs. YUMMY! karina was driving me home and we ran into hank so we parked in our court and the three of us talked for a nice long time. hank is really cool he and frank are the only guys from our group that i can actually like a lot and never truely be mad at them... i am super-excited for tomorrow. its going to be a good long day. karina is picking me up at 9:30--we are going to decorate for her little sisters birthday party. at one point mark and ryan are going to come over and help out and possibly eat their food. cause they have so much of it! and then later on tonight we are all going to watch fireworks in carpenter park. but then again karina said we'd be able to get on top of her roof and watch them from up there. so i'm not sure whats going on but either way it will be fun. then theres monday couch-tour at spring hill mall and tuesday i will spend the day with mel cause i havnt seen her since school. well my week will be good and now i'm not so sad anymore.

 hmmm..look how nice people are to me! (Bob goes around taking a poll on who thinks i've been a bitch during the last 2 months) IG 88a20 00(ryan): id say bitchier bigfrank116: yeah bigfrank116: definately bigfrank116: theres no question at all bigfrank116: she has seemed to get a bigger head bigfrank116: and it keeps getting bigger and bigger fuck all of them, thats all i have to say. maybe i have become a bitch cause i'm sick of all my so-called friends treating me like shit! monica also pointed it out to me. okay so today we're all going to see farenheit 9/11, steven forgets to buy a ticket for streb and decides to go strate to me and try to replace me with streb. what the fuck why am i the first choice for a person to get rid of? i'm sick of all theses bastards that i call friends.

 ok--so maybe if I drink some bleach and tell everyone about it, people will worry about me and pay attention to me. hey it worked for ryan why couldnt it work for me?? please excuse the bitchyness

 i am missing mark a lot. oh god its only been 3 days since i've seen him. not even 3...more like 2.5 sleepovers with ur boyfriend are the best. even if i dont remember half of it. but the parts that i do remember were great and i wish that night would never have ended. i am verry excited for this fridays couples night out with lani/frank me/mark karina/kappus? ryan/monica...maybe theres more couples out there. i cant wait.

 2 pieces left...i think i can do it! talking about...pizza

 ryan brings up an interesting question. "lori, why does anyone like you?" i dont know ryan, i really dont know.

 i cooked myself a beautiful 12 inch cheese pizza~all for me and none for u!

 Seahorse urlLink ?? Which Creature Of The Sea Are You?? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 so if i stuck with blogger for a while i would have written about my sunday. which can be read in my xanga site. umm i talked to a friend of marks online last night and he made me realize something~~~i was very drunk and dont remember much at all from sunday night. hehe. well maybe not "hehe" cause its weird how a lot of stuff happend but i only remember a select few parts of it. oh man..... well anyway. yesterday was spent with lani and karina. it was a delicious girls night out. we went to woodfield and i went shopping crazzy. came with like $170 and left with...100? maybe less i forgot to count. well at one point hank, frank, and ryan joined up with us and we all decided that we want rape whistles. so me and lani drive up to the sleepy hollow police station and ask the officer for the whistles lol it was like 9:00pm. so we're there making up an excuse for why we want the whistles...."we are going to chicago and we are scared so we want the whistles" so instead of giving us whistles we get a speech about safety in the big city. then later me and lani went to her moms and i helped her dye her hair. then on thursday me, steff, and lani are going to get our hair done all together. i'm getting tiny dark brown streaks.

 i cant just abandon my blog i love it too much.

 wow i've been blogging since august and this is my 600th post. sadly it will also be my last post in blogger because i have converted to xanga. my new website can be found at www.xanga.com/loorri farewell bloggy!

 dzaidzu is still gone

 sitting at home eating hersheys kisses. feeling a bit sick from too much chocolate yet i continue to eat. note to self: have low expectations i really cant make plans at all cause somehow things will always turn out differently than expected. as of now my plans for tonight are to wait for marks call, have his mother pick me up and together we shall go to hectors surprise birthday party which none of his friends managed to show up to. so i guess karina's inviting all of her friends instead. i dont really like hector but hey, there will be food and cake and i havnt eaten all day so some good will come out of it. i had an interesting morning. karina kidnapped me from my bed, forcing me to go store-hopping with the many mexicans. later i sat in a tanning salon while lani and karina layed in a box full of cancerous light. ::sizzle:: bored off my ass...i really want to get out of this house and/or be around people cause alone is not what i want today. come on cell phone! RING! pleaassssssssseeee!!

 urlLink I am 22% evil. urlLink Take the test :: urlLink koolplace.com

 I'm sorry that i couldnt hang out with u today!!! i had previously arranged plans with karina. but but but wee neeed tooo hang out monday for sure. give me a call for these plans cause i dont check my comments often enough. i need you oh baby paulina i am going to die if i dont see u!

 dzaidzu is in the hospital..he got sent to the emergency room cause something is wrong with his blood. really sadd...tomorrow is fathers day---oh i feel so bad for my daddy. 88 yr old man.

 oh baby i am free. and today is going to be a great day. karina is coming over for sure to finish the pinata then later we are going to woodfield mall. and hopefully i will see mark today. then theres tomorrow. karinas brother and sister are having a birthday party so theres going to be like 20 crazzy little mexican children running around so i'm going to drop by and make sure karinas handling the kids alright...not that i can help her out, but i thought she might like some company. but most likely i'll just run away from karina and the mexicans to see *mark* since he lives down the street.

 everything that i was looking forward to for today went down the drain. this is what i get for having hopes...the bitch at jewel lied to me about when i'd get my pictures and karina never showed up. i am a complete bitch today. my dad wont stop talking to me...(i dont like to talk with my dad) he now loves it when i'm grounded cause it gives him more time with me. he has nothing to do in the world cause he's jobless all summer. now hes going to take every chance possible to ground me. i cant wait until tomorrow. life will be significantly better as of friday. mark comes back, lori is off grounding, loris pictures come in for sure tomorrow, and i dont know what else but i am damn excited to get out of this house. i have grown to hate myself over the last few days...ick...me yuck! so i have a strong desire to go on a shopping spree and change all of my clothes and try to work from the outside in. yup--then i want to go to the beauty school and get my hair highlighted with dark dark brown. the guys were ass holes today and wouldnt leave lani and frank alone to have their "fun" so they decide to steal their shoes..?? yea i guess stealing shoes is the cool thing to do these days, along with cheating on ur girlfriend and who knows what else. I NEED OUT OF THIS HELL HOLE!!! JEEEESUS I'M SUCH A BITCH THIS WEEK.

 ahhh what a relief! tomorrow i am a free woman!! and today karina is going to come over so that we can finish our pinata together. also--my 3 rolls of film that i dropped off at jewel will be ready today at 4:00. oh baby i am excited to see those pics. hehe especially the many pictures of me and paulina messing around in history class. OH PAULINA!!! thank u for the many comments. i am MUCHO-EXCITED to be seeing u on sunday. i will bring the pictures. we can laugh at ourselves together. watch out though, there is a small chance that u will be raped because lori is a paulina-hungry biotch. SSSEEEEAAAANNN!! i also miss u verry verry much! u are coming to my birthday thingamabob! bitch u better come! it is moved to the 8th of july and there will be lazer tag for all! oh man it will be great. well this concludes my hyper afternoon postings. lori greatly appriciates comments. keep 'em comin! paulina...give me ur xanga! i want to leave u comments too! ~~LORI~~

 Mexicans use water and flour as glue.

 today was a lot easier than my other two grounding days. i actually had stuff to do. this morning monica dropped off her kitten which i got to play with all day. fun times. then i went to the dentist and got my teeth cleaned. (ooo the freshness!!) then my parents left gambling and while they were gone karina came and saved me!! hurray, we drove the meijer and jewel and got back home before my parents noticed that anything happened. once at my house we worked together to build a pinata for her little sisters b-day party this weekend. i miss mark, i really miss him cause hes away to wisconsin for the week and wont come home till friday. luckily i am off grounding on friday. i also miss everyone else. being stuck inside is no fun!! unless u have a cute kitten to play with. :-D

 last night i was home alone between 7 and 9:00pm. and when i'm bored i feel like doing something to liven things up. my choice: drinking wheee! so i get out my moms red whine and drink...i dont know how much but a lot was consumed cause i just chugged and to my knowledge whine contains a pretty good sum of alcohol. well i wanted more stuff to make me actually feel it so i got out some liquor and drank a lot of that too... and by the time i was done i was sooooo dizzy!!! my parents came home at 9:30 or something so i went to my room and just kinda walked around in circles but it was the most fun ever cause i was falling all over the place and getting back up then falling again. and i tried to walk in a strate line and it was not possible! eventually i layed down and fell asleep and now i am on day 2 of my grounding. i woke up and looked at myself and noticed that i am really skinny. i weighed myself and i am now 109. !!! i used to be 113 or around there and a couple pounds is a lot to little lori. so i made spaghetti. while the rest of the world is going anti-carb i am going carb crazy today. i told my dad my plan to eat till i am 120 pounds cause that is my goal-weight. ok--so then i vacuumed the 1st floor for 5 dollars and it is now close to 3:30 and i have nothing to do for the rest of the day.

 day 1 of 5 grounding days...only 3:00 pm!! i'm unclean and greasy-haired without a care in the world! i called paulina last weekend and left a message and no call back! i am going through a paulina withdrawl thing...because i am missing her so much right now!! once i am off grounding i think it would be fun to spend an entire day with paulina, mel, and sean. too bad sean and mel dont get along anymore so we will have to compromise in some way. but if ur reading this paulina--tell me what u think of my idea!! only june 14th...i really cant wait until july comes. that will be the best month of summer. we have 4th of july festivities...july 9th is my birthday which means lazer tag fun!!! list of people invited so far ( this list may add more in the future) lani, karina, steffanie, mark, frank, hank, ryan, steve, bob, paulina, sean...i dont know who else at the moment but i am so excited for it!! and july 10th is scheflo playing at the metro. i probably wont end up going but who knows. so i've been thinking a lot lately about everything. and this is why i hate time to myself because i think too much. but i'm sad cause i spend so much time with my senior friends and not enough time with my sophomore friends. so this is why i need to keep in touch with people cause i love my sophomore friends and i need them to live!!!

 the last couple of days have been quite interesting.. saturday i spent most of the day to myself but hurrah! stefanie came over to spend some time together just me and her. it was lots of fun. she spent the night.....bleep...blop...bleeee.....i woke up and more...wooop!....and sunday was really cool! it was mikes graduation party and everyone was there. mark came and got intimate with gaylen...it was--odd. hmmm...i laughed a lot and was very very happy throughout the day. the bands played and were awesome.. my mom drank a little too much and danced to consolation prize. later on all the girls got into karinas truck and drove off...(me, monica, karina, lani, and stefanie.) it was loads of fun we went to a park and lani showed us her gymnastics skills and we all tried to mimic her but failed horribly. i think hanging out with all of the was one of the best parts of my day. then theres today and my dad found out that i went through his shit...found his stoner smoking pipe so he got angry....grounded me until friday.i guess he didnt want me to know about his past. its sad. well time to myself means 5 days of housework. but it all may turn out well. i have a to do list for the next 5 days... ~ clean my room till its spotless ~ make some money by doing some cleaning around the house. ~ buy some much waned CD's from best buy if i ever manage to get out of the house. ~ stop somewhere and get morning glory seeds and do it the right way *wink wink* steff! ~ several loads of laundry ~ keep in touch with people...several phone calls need to be made. oh last night was also very interesting...steven wakes me up at 2am and asks me to "babysit" him while he smokes salvia...which i guess is similar to shrooms. so i get to sit around while he smokes...it didnt really work. good thing too cause i was sleepy and still dizzy from saturday.

 sitting at home all day isnt fun...eating rice out of a cup yay!

 yesterday was a lot of fun. i saw mark in the morning and later on karina came over to my house with bob and frank, then later lani came and we all decided to go see a movie at AMC-Saved! it was fun we went to steak and shake before the movies and i needed a *bite-size candy bar* but lani had none so when we got to the movies i had to get one from there and it was...odd the ones in the movie theater...lol paulina knows what i'm talking about! Steff was sopposed to call me after work but i never got the call. i wanted her to come see it with us cause i want to have time with steff just me and her cause i dont want to let mark get in between us. i want to keep all my friends and i'm not going to lose steff!! i wont let it happen!

 my eyes are green today!

 this morning was great. my daddy drove me over to marks/steff's house. me and mark layed in his bed, watched tv then watched a movie and it was just nice to lay there with him. he is soooo awesome! and u know what, he is damn sexy!

 Legal code: Illegal Effects: Sense of energy, alertness, happiness, openess, and caring for everyone. Causes a rise in body temperature resulting in acute dehydration. Effects begin in 20mins through 1 hour and last between 4-6 hours. Risks: Serious risk of overdose leading to heart attacks, seizures, and death especially when used in conjuction with a lot of physical activity. BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD-BAD

 blah....today was an okay day. i was with karina, hank, frank, and lani. we all drove to the scheflo show in lanis car and i really wanted to take mark too because we had plans to hang out today but there wasnt enough room...he didnt miss much though cause when we got there scheflo had already finished playing and it wasnt worth 12 dollars to see the other stuff so we left. hank was being an ass to me-making fun of me-and he beat me up in the back of lanis car until i cried. and now i have bruises all over my arms and legs and he cut me with his knife twice today. this sunday is mikes graduation party. consolation prize and against the rest are playing. it will be so much fun. but sad cause its sopposed to rain on sunday. i hope it wont cause i'm really excited for it. so a couple weeks ago i was so happy that i thought i was going to explode and now i'm all sadd again sort of and i dont know why but i am. the drama is coming soon!!! so theres this timeline post that i made a couple months ago in my blog. its like a timeline that showes the past and predicts the future. it hasnt failed me yet and a new event on this timeline is going to take place...hehehe

 last night...or this morning was soo much fun!! i went outside to meet up with steff. i see her car drive up but shes not driving it, shandi was. once i get in steff was so crazy-happy to see me. also verrrry drunk. that is why shandi was driving but she was good at it so it was all ok. at steak and shake we sat down for our food and steff was talking soooo loud! and shes like yelling "soup soup soup what kind of soup do they have?!" and all the other 4 am customers were staring at us. after that we all decided to go walk around in meijer but that wasnt much fun. then it was getting kinda early so shandi drove me home just on time. cause when i was back in my room the time was 6:15 or something and my dzaidzu woke up thinking i had school today so he knocked on my door and luckily i was home to respond to him. crazzzy old people forget everything. but oh well. i am so happy, my first day of summer was amazing!

 i am in for the night. the campfire was awesome and i just finished helping bobby clean up everything. tonight steff is going to call me at 4:00 in the morning and i am going to steak and shake with her, rachael, and shandi. i dont really like the other two but hey, that was last year so maybe i will think differently now. well nighty night, sleep tight, don tlet the bed bugs bite!

 oh the fun has begun! first day of summer and it is amazing. it all started with mark and steff coming over to my house. we hung out in my room for a while, made grilled cheese and then went outside where the camp fire was burning. so many people showed up! it was great. me, mark, steff, lani, frank, hank, karina, steve, asian, ryan, monica, emily, jessica, evan, Ida, bob, mike, gaylen, and several others i really didnt know most of the peoples names. i got to sit around with mark and have our first kiss which was wonderful! yeahh i want more now! i'm so happy cause we played this game where i somewhat tried to get him to give up smoking and reward him with kisses...one for every cigarette that he threw out and every time i would get closer to his lips...but i went for the lips on the 2nd one cause i couldnt wait!!! mmmmmmmark... that is one sexy boy!

 biology finals...i wansnt doing good in that class 'cause i was getting a D+ which is a bad grade for me. but today it all changed. mrsD was handing out finals and she gives me and a select few other people a different easier test than the rest of the class. her reason was that those select few people had an A in her class...so i was like..WTF mate? i had a D+ on monday and out of nowhere i have an A?? i asked her about it and she said that i am a wonderful person and she wanted to give me a "little gift" and i guess that gift was several hundred extra credit points.. hehehe i'm a happy girl because of that.

 mmmmm summer has begun...where is the fun? not here! i'm all alone and everyone is at karinas having a blast without me....sad sad sad its okay i'll drown my sorrows with some refreshing....green fish gin??? it tastes bad but whooosh i'll be feeling happy soon! earlier today::i was at steffs house and we drew pictures and tanned and that was about it. i got to see mark too but his dad yelled at him for having nail polish on his hands so me, steff, and amanda had to go out to target and buy nail polish remover. oh paulina what have you done to mark!?!?!

 todays activities were so much fun with the schmidt family. last night steff slept over at my house so that in the morning her mom, mark, and ana could pick us up for chicago. i was so happy cause mark showered for us, and i made my hair look new and different for him! at the institute i got to hold hands with mark while we walked around and i loved it 'cause it had only been like 1 day for us going out and i was already so comfortable with him. me and steff went crazy-happy to see our future college. their mom is so nice and went picture-crazy. then after the institute we walked over to some food area to eat lunch. me, steff, and mark had chinese food. it was yummy--the chicken was excellent but steff complined about gross fat in it but i didnt care i just ate whatever was on it. it was so funny because a homeless man wanted money but all mark had was leftover chinese. he offered it to the man but i guess he didnt want that. (ungrateful bastard.) he also comnplained when their uncle didnt give him enough cash. so back we went to the house. steff took a shower while me and mark layed down on the bed and looked through his guitar center magazine. i really wanted to just kiss him right there cause it seemed like the right time to do it but me being the nervous little girl that i am, i didnt. i want to kiss him so much but i need to find the right moment to do it. oh baby i am in deep like.

 the last 2 weeks of my life have been wonderful, but i guess i was just putting aside all of my little angers toward everyone and today karina-frank-bob made me soo pissed off that everything came out...on karinas neck. yeah strangling her was fun and usually i am just kidding around but this time was a little scary cause i kinda really wanted to hurt her! but we made up and i chased her down till i was able to get a make-up hug out of her. i can never hate my mexican.

 A lot of people are bringing up this subject to me so i am going to get everything out to avoid misunderstandings.............. so before i dated jeremy he was good friends with Steve. everyone thought he came over all the time for me rather than steve so there was a ton of anti-jeremy feelings and once we went out he completely threw steve to the side and went for me... well i dont want to do that to happen between me and steff if i ever end up going out with mark. I am not using steff to get closer to mark because i love steff and if mark asked me out i would continue to see her because i love her friendship that much. and if mark didnt ask me out i still would want to see her all the time.. what happens between me and mark shouldnt effect me and steff at all.. i dont want it too cause shes my best friend! and i want to be friends with her forever and go to college with her like we planned out the other day and live together and our children will go to school together!!! oh i love steff!

 I dont know whats going on...but lately my life has been wonderful..i'm happy beyond belief! I'm never happy ALL the time and here i am...really really happy with everything in my life all at once! there is nothing going wrong! i am happy with all the great friends i have..Steff, Lani, Karina, Paulina, and so on... however...it seems that my friends are having little crisises...something going on with paulina and poor steff needs a man!! Steff: we shall go man hunting and find a good guy, one that is good for u cause u deserve someone great!~~LORI~~

 never a dull moment in this girls life. I actually want a day to myself and it never seems to happen cause people are always asking to do something. Todays activities: baking with Alex. so i rode the bus home with karina and sat in the back with mark and ryan. they got off together to go purchase cigarettes.....:sad face: and i went to karinas house. we took her truck and drove to alex's house to bake some food for their black and white class...a black and white cake! go figure. then some other stuff for her excel class, however we arent really good cooks and all the cookies were bad. but alex's house was fun and sooo far away from crown i cant believe he goes to school that far away from his house. now i am sitting around the house being lazy..i really want food. where is the god damn food!?!?!?!?!

 Fun times after school. Ride the bus home with Karina. At her house we sat around...ate maccaroni and cheese and did our art homework and i did some drawings for her too. then we walked over to stefanies where mark had just woken up from an after-school nap. into stefanies room where we sat around~steff was cleaning out her closet and be-ridding herself of unwanted clothes in which me and karina were trying on in front of markk...i think he was having a wonderful day.. haha then we had to go back home...karina did laundry and i talked to Hector for a while. then lani called and invited me to go eat some spaghetti with her daddy so i went over there...now i am home and crazzy stuff in my life continues to occur. like all those who wear tight pants either like me for who i am...or (as lani said) they all think i am easy because of the charles incident and want a hot piece of this ass... or according to frank...the tight pants holds their stuff too close to themselves and it brings out the horney in them...either way i dont care cause mark is all i want i will not make the same mistake again!!!

 well i will try to the best of my abilities to make this outline for you because u do so much for me! it should be easy since i can remember most of the info from today's debate....i cant make any promises but i am going to try!!~~LORI~~

 oh man its so early...I woke up took a shower and sat down to type some shitful outline that is due today for history debate crap. Yeah i need to raise my damn grades and do all that other crap that needs to be done in that class. But me being such a slacker i am here typing away on my blog when i should be typing away on my outline! rahhhhh!

 Egotistical-Hippocritical-Blind-Ignorant-weak judgment-self conscious-racist-bipolar-snapping-aggressive-passive agressive-controlling-unaware-moody-insensative-lazy-uncooperative-annoying-inquisitive-nosey-annal-perplexed-overanxioused-horney... thank u sean...i see so many good traits within myself now...haha ass!

 oh my day was so great...full of paulina and food. haha, well it started out with me going home with paulina and patricia after school. we went to the mall, i got yummy cinnabon and i visited gamestop to see old faces like ken and kristin. i talked to them for a little and then it was back to paulinas where alex was awaiting us with the kittens! woo! so me and paulina ate some fun polish-made food and we did our history homework. Then off we went on our walking adventure! we walked from paulinas, down to the river, to max's house and then to the texan BBQ where we sat down for some yummy curly fries. Then on our way back we ran into tim...walked with him for a while. Jeremy#2 happened to drive by in his fucked up red car and laugh at me and paulina skipping together. then we walked back to max's house...he wasnt home yet so we kinda stood on his driveway till he got home. we went on a mad rampage through his sketchbook then ran back home cause my dad was on his way and we managed to get home in 10 mins... ***WHOOOOOSH***what an awesome day. I love you paulina!!!~~LORI~~ oh damn...oh man...i ran...to anafganistan!! i'm so tired now!

 Today was very uneventful. I woke up--didnt bother showering, did 2 loads of laundry. cleaned and vacuumed my room. went to lani's and fed the kitties and picked up shit. the kitties love turkey and gravy so i made that my post title. i got bored and took a ton of pictures of myself on the digital camara so sometime in the future i'll have a few pictures to post on here. a ton of people came over today. hank came! . . . . . dont u hate it how u miss someone and u know they didnt miss you too?? haha. well anyway! i talked to karina today which made me happy. cause even if she's gone for 2 weeks i can still talk to her. she said its surrounded by mountains and that shes lonely and wants me to come....if i could i would! and theres tons of sexy guys .... Karina!!! go for them and u wont be so lonely anymore !!! i also talked to Lani today. we made plans to see the villiage! yay for that movie.

 i'm not the onely one who's been bored lately. monica typed some&nbsp;crazzy stories in her blog while i'm here typing the nutrition facts of my icecream. well today mel is coming over which is good cause i havnt seen her in a while. i was with karina yesterday and i wont see her again until 7 on thursday which is her birthday. then shes leaving me for 2 weeks starting friday. which will leave me with an emotional lani. But thats a good thing&nbsp; cause i havnt really been able to hang out with lani [just me and her] for a looong time. and this weekend frank is also leaving! but he's going to be on a cruise....lucky biotch. bob has been pissing me off lately. me frank and karina were in my basement just sitting around watching tv when bob comes a knocking at our window. i go upstairs to let him in and he's walking away from my house....he says he cant come in cause steve's not home....okay i've been hanging out with him since we were kids and all that time&nbsp;he's only been steven's friend??? god dammit he's a complete asshole to me ALL THE TIME and i still manage to think he's an awesome person and i still want to be his friend. but nooo i must have done something to him or maybe me being alive pisses him off.&nbsp; seriously i think something is wrong with that boy he can only be friends with the "cool" people cause now that he's met scheflo his standards are too high and hey i must not be good enough for him??? i dont know whats wrong with me that bob hates me so much but meh....one day i'm going to freak out on him and it will be fun to say everything that needs to be said. ya he'll probably get pissy though. isnt it funny how one little thing like bob not wanting to come into my house can spart so much negative emotion? yay for me blowing things way out of proportion.

 Serving Size 1 Bar Amount Per Serving Calories 300 Cholesteral 70 mg Sodium 45mg Carbohydrtaes 23g Protein 4g &nbsp; multiply all of this x2. caue i just ate 600 calories of 2 yummy chocolate icecream bars.

 stick a purse in your pit. and we'll call it a handbag.

 I want more clothes. and i will fulfill my wants with a trip to woodfield to spend the last $115 of my birthday money. If karina ever manages to get to my house. . . . . well i am in a wonderful mood. thanks to paulina--she seems to take stress away. not that i have much to begin with anyway...meh.&nbsp; I realized yesterday that i'm really good at hacky sac...well good for a girl anyway. matt tought me some tricks and paulina tought me how to roll it off my boobs.&nbsp; i really want to go back to school. summers getting kinda.....boring. cause i know when school starts i will have something to occupy my time with + getting to see soo many different people everyday that i miss seeing + i need to get my workers permit. i really want that job at suncoast for multiple reasons. *its in the mall *close to home *sells movies and hey we all know i love movies *sexxxxxy hot guy works there thats all i could come up with...sigh...i need money to spend. i'm just like my bankrupt aunt. as soon as i get money i spend it right away. i'm going to be poor when i grow up....dammit.

 I spent my day with paulina matt and john. it was fun we had an intense game of RISK! i wanted to go to australia but paulinas nigger european nazis kept attacking me! hahah it was all great fun. now i&#39;m just sitting around at home taking pictures of myself cause thats what i seem to do when i&#39;m bored.....well this is me at 1am. hehe it kinda makes me seem like i&#39;m topless....or maybe i AM topless...who knows its late and i dont know what i&#39;m doing.&nbsp; urlLink urlLink

 aka: paulina and matt....hehe. i am excited for today and hanging out with them. paulina you complete me!!! and as sean would say...we are two boobs on the same chest! well well well i need to go feed some babies over at lani's house. and by babies i mean kitties. i really wish i could wake up earlier. lately my wake up time&nbsp;has been around 1 or later.&nbsp; seeing monicas freshly painted room makes me want to go paint my room. i was thinking brown and blue. i thought it would look fun. i asked my dad about it this morning and he got angry and said i would mess up/it was too much work for me! that jerk i painted karinas room and did a good job with the exception of the ceiling. but i dont want to paint my ceiling anyway! i went over to stefanie's house last night. they have an interesting family. it kind of makes me sad cause their mom wont let her kids dress how they want to or wear their hair how they want to. example...steffs bangs and marks hair wasnt combed i guess....steff u must REBEL!!! where has my karina gone to?? oh this is a&nbsp; sad sad week. hank is on vacation and so is joe which is making steff crazy! its so cute how much she misses him! and lani is at cedar point. monica bob and i dont know who else are at my chemical romance concert in indiana that i was sadly not invited to...poopies...hmmm karina should be around but shes not and i havnt heard from her since her unpleasantness online. i think its all over! come out karina wherever you are! i really want steff to spend the night but i dont think her mom will let her..... random comment: i hate song lyrics in peoples blogs!!

 urlLink teary-eyes&nbsp; urlLink

 the last few days have been hectic but hopefully things will be getting better soon. i love how i could never stay mad at any of my friends. oh lani is leaving tonight and wont be home till fri. night/saturday. i will be watching her kitties while shes away. haha&nbsp;i am getting paid in&nbsp;icecream. well i'm beginning to realize blogs are stupid. or they're just stupid when people write offending comments. but opinions are opinoins right? i dont know, but i was reading a post in karinas blog and its a conversation with her and ryan - and ryan said something like..."blahblah.... u broke up with me" and this will be my last opinoin to be posted on the whole situation but i think the whole ryan-karina breaking up thing is so stupid. its like ryan broke up and went back out with her so many times and when karina finally does the breaking up--all hell breaks loose! i just thought it was weird. well hopefully there will be no more said on this topic. i should have stayed&nbsp;out in the first place. but ya that anonymous comment was just stupid.&nbsp;yes i lied to a couple people about it and i'm sorry. the whole thing was&nbsp; karinas opinoins...but she didnt want to put them on her blog cause she didnt want people to know they were her thoughts. so i was like "hey i'll help u out" so we made our comment&nbsp;TOGETHER. but when things got out of hand i guess she wanted to put the responsibility of that comment on someone else....sadly karina blamed it all on me.&nbsp;but i&nbsp;just wanted to clear that up now. it was both of us typing that comment and the first sentence of it was mine.&nbsp;the others were karinas.....woo there! anyway! i stayed up super late last night. i didnt sleep till 5am and i woke up at 3 today. i think i will be seeing steff today which will make me happy cause when it comes to steff there is NO DRAMA! yay and that makes me happy so spending time with her will feel good.. i love that sexxy woman!

 yep today was fun times for me. i spend almost all of it with monica. we went to quiznos and then job hunting then drawing random people at the mall. i got a sexy journal and i might actually begin to write in it...even tho blogs are so much faster. i think i need some private thoughts rather than public. then later on in the day lani and karina showed up--we played volleyball and eventually all met up at the algonquin founders day where i saw so many people. practically my entire biology class was there and i got so many hugs i felt special today. and charles was there too! it was good to see him again. oh wow we went on the gravatron and stayed in there for 15 mins. my brain hurts a little.&nbsp;and &nbsp;my tum tum. i saw joe murray....::gasp:: the sexyness of that boy is overwhealming. i havnt seen mike in&nbsp;a while...maybe he gave up on me??? i dont know. and all the guys from my biology class are damn hot. yay for being single and being able to like a million guys at once! haha i got assulted by john webster. he gave me a hug and tapped my ass while doing it! but i guess i cant&nbsp;call it assult cause i didnt mind. lol i'm one sick bitch! i miss school and seeing all my school friends. and hearing [junior] sean yell "charles!" from across the room. and all the tight pants kids and just everyone! i love sexies i want more!

 anyway--today i went to target and bought the switchfoot cd. and some 20+ year old guys were hitting on me. it was strange. but the cashier was cool and helped get rid of them! yay for target workers.

 urlLink woohoo! i'm excited for this show! &nbsp; urlLink

 Looorrii

 i wish i had pretty hands. i wish my hair was thicker i wish my smile was brighter i wish i wasnt so skinny i wish people wouldnt always make fun of me i wish i could stop being blamed i wish i knew what i wanted i wish i had more money i wish i could have common sense i wish i didnt always want to be more pefect i wish i could be happy with myself

 the only ex-boyfriend i can still handle talking to is charles. lol i love that boy. and one day me and steff will dedicate a day to him. woohoo!!! well today has not been eventful. i feel like a bitch for not being at the show. to mike especially cause i said i'd be there. but somehow everyone of my friends is gone and its sad. i dont want to pay 5 bucks to go to a show by myself. i depend too much on my friends. well--i talked to monica a lot last night. it was fun and we're going to spend a day together to get to know eachother which we havnt yet gotten the chance to do. so that should be fun. in my boredom today i attempted to re-arrange/clean my room but neither has been accomplished and theres stuff all over the floor. maybe i'll go finish leftover chicken from olive garden. and do that much needed cleaning. karina-hank....thats cute. &nbsp; urlLink urlLink

 &nbsp;

 urlLink All in all yesterday was a pretty good day. I went to lani's house in the morning and karina was there already. at one point lani kicked us out so we went to the mall. Thats where i bought this poster. oh man i love it johnny is so amazing.&nbsp; I saw the secret window not too long ago. that movie was really good too. and tonight i will be watching the butterfly effect cause my parents rented that one. plus i need to see trainspotting again. woah i really love movies. Posted by urlLink Hello

 urlLink Karina and stefanie....oh wow! they are beautiful. and this is my favorite picture of karina EVER! well today is the day of the show at clearwater. consolation prize-self control-ATR are all playing and no one else wants to go and i dont want to be there by myself! I'll find a way! hopefully... Posted by urlLink Hello

 Today seems to be the day to be an asshole to lori. oh wait thats every day! lets see...bob is a fucker. he bitched at me for where i bought my t-shirt. oh my god bob--i know your scheflos bitch but i think they can get along without the profits of one t-shirt.&nbsp;u shouldnt even care about that&nbsp;anyway. ur not part of that band&nbsp;no matter how much u love them. so stop worrying about their profits. i'm sure they will get along&nbsp;fine without an extra 17 dollars.&nbsp; lets see.... oops i landed on the edge of your guitar case. somehow that managed to fuck up the whole guitar? i think not. if anything did&nbsp;happen>>>wow maybe a single string was out of tune. big deal. get over it u fucking drama queen.i'm sure its&nbsp;fixable anyway. &nbsp;i didnt purposely go out and try to ruin ur guitar. it was a fucking mistake i'm sorry. but i didnt just jump on ur guitar. frank knocked me into it. not that it matters cause frank is ur friend and i am not i guess. u can yell at me all the fuck u want. but i am NEVER mean to u! stop being such an asshole. with all that said...if this manages to get to bob let me apologize. u dont deserve this apology but this is just an angry lori typing at the moment...not that it matters u'll be angry at me for something new tomorrow.

 =

 but karina seems to think thats wrong

 why dont the guys understand anything about me? hank especially. he always tells me that i was so much cooler last summer. he doesnt realize how angry that makes me. i like myself so much better now than i did then. hell--last summer i had one friend--ashley. since she was always gone i spent my days locked inside my room. only to come out when the guys would come over. and even then we'd only play video games in my basement. if they left the house i wouldnt follow. i'd retreat back into my room hoping for them to come in again. and my sad depressed self would sit next to my window for hours just staring at the world. i did that EVERY NIGHT!&nbsp; hank doesnt know anything.&nbsp; i hated my life before&nbsp;--- he doesnt know what its like to truely be alone. i went so long without a single friend. without a place to be happy and laugh and be myself. i can honestly be my true self with paulina cause no matter what i say or how i act i know&nbsp;i&nbsp;wont&nbsp;be made&nbsp;fun of&nbsp;by her. i know that our group jokes around with me, but hey i finally&nbsp;found people&nbsp;to be my&nbsp;friends who would make me happy and getting made&nbsp;fun&nbsp;of is the last thing i want.&nbsp; they dont see it but it effects me alot more than they think. even if i walk&nbsp;away laughing at&nbsp;what they said--in the end, -i&nbsp;hate myself inside.&nbsp;

 I'm really excited for thursday. cause it will be the last day for our entire group to be together. and if all goes well, every one of us will be going out to eat at olive garden. so hank and karina will be missing in action. maybe frank too? i'm not sure but a lot of the people i'm always with will be gone. the rest of the summers going to be depressing.

 Happy Birthday frank! woah i just went photo-posting crazzy on my blog. anyway..my day was great. karina and hank came over earlier in the day. we sat around and talked. then frank and lani came over and with that we played suck and blow but i couldnt stop laughing at the thought of being so close to lani's face. hehehe. well sadly i left frank on his birthday but he didnt seem to mind. they all went swimming in the quarrey while matt and paulina picked me up. we drove all over the place. to the mall, the thrift store, an awesome place called...record breakers??? i think that was it. then to steak and shake&nbsp;and finally&nbsp;to paulinas to watch the texas chain saw massacre. which is some scary stuff. on the way home we played 'sex' which is somewhat like pididdle. and i lost so badly. my shoes-socks-sweater-and shirt had to come off. thats how badly i lost. i love paulina cause when i'm with her i laugh so much. and i can act stupid around her cause she wont make fun of me for it. i love her so much! 2 second sex was the best!

 urlLink my last picture post for today. this is me in my room. which i love so dearly. Posted by urlLink Hello

 urlLink i am liking the smaller pictures better on my blog. click on them to see a larger image.--- these are my closet doors covered in pictures. its finally complete! Posted by urlLink Hello

 urlLink i love paulina!!!!!!! this is the card she gave me for my birthday. i displayed it in my room for everyone to see cause i love it so much! i love paulina! Posted by urlLink Hello

 urlLink highlight of my night! i get home and finally recieve my scheflo shirt! woo this makes me so happy!!! Posted by urlLink Hello

 urlLink last night i got home from seeing the terminal with frank-lani-karina-hank. i was sort of the 5th wheel but oh well---we all sat in karinas pickup truck for a while and when everyone went home i went online for the next 3 hours. i entertained myself by adding up a lot of pictures to my blog. [ this is me at 4am.] Posted by urlLink Hello

 those assholes kept calling me this morining. the people who want to sell me insurance and free trips to florida and all that other bullshit. i had fun talking to them in my 'just woke up' voice. which sounds somewhat like a drunken old&nbsp;man. and then lani calls me--so i decided that more people would most likely end up calling so i got up and took a shower. i am out of conditioner but theres like 10 bottles of shampoo sitting around my bathroom. who buys the shampoo without the conditioner?? so i've been spending a lot of time reading miles' blog which is amazingly interesting.&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Life and Love and Why when i talked to lani she said that paulina wanted to hang out today so i called her and left another one of my strange messages--where i ramble on about nothing important. so maybe i'll get to see her today cause that would make me verry happy. i have a strange sudden urge to buy sweaters.

 urlLink sexy!!! this is a really good picture of me and steff at clearwater. Posted by urlLink Hello

 urlLink Yay! i finally found out how to get pictures in the blog. well this is me last friday sitting at my computer being weird..i wasnt looking at anything i just didnt want to look at the camara. Posted by urlLink Hello

 I went crazy on lani today in A&amp;W/KFC. Being made fun of makes you crazzy--now i know what its like to be a loser, like those psychotic serial killers. A COLLECTION OF RANDOM THOUGHTS Hank: I care because you're one of us am I really? cause&nbsp;to me i am the outcast of the group-the one that really shouldnt be around cause hey, i'm an idiot...i'm steve's little sister and a sophomore. no one wants that around. thinking makes me angry... "i dont think you are considered a virgin you fucked yourself so many times"--the words of sean. thats us talking about me and how i like people for no particular reason....my mind is cloudy and it hurts. Lani: good guys would wait&nbsp;a while to stick their tongues down ur throat...not these recent ones that do it in the first 2 hours... Lori: ya like mark>? it took him 5 days to kiss me and even longer to make out....look what happend with that one. nathan said some nice stuff to me...nice/mean....stuff like..i can do better and i'm an amazing girl. yay for self esteem!!

 alright...today was nice. i woke up--took a shower and karina came over while i was still nude

 WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT.... my eyes? my hair? my laugh? my personality? my sense of humor? my style? my taste of music? WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF......... i said hi? i told you a secret? i asked you to hangout? i held your hand? i died? i killed someone? i wrote a song about you? i asked you for help? i needed a shoulder to cry on? DO YOU THINK I'M... a good person? trustworthy? a good friend? someone fun to be around? good at giving hugs? a good musician? selfish? an asshole? loving? funny?

 ok so i got back today from a wonderful vacation with me-karina-hank-bob and my brother. it was amazing fun. we stayed at treasure island where theres a huge waterpark.......so many cute/funny little memories occured....&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Karina is gets out of a body slide.."I almost drowned!"&nbsp;&nbsp; Karinas in 4'5''water and&nbsp;says shes drowning??&nbsp;&nbsp; Karinas going down a tube-slide and giggles like an idiot. "it tickles!" how does a slide tickle exactly??? Hank developes a gambling problem Karina-hank-bob enjoy a shower together....bob is naked and i saw his penis!!!!!!! haha theres pictures of that one! Guys attempt to purchase alcohol from Indians I get duct-taped to the balcony Hank gets a new knife and its HUGE! 5-finger discounts in the dells bob buys a bb gun?? woooooooahhh so many memories.. well today we all packed ourselves into steves car and drove back home going 80mph most of the way. i went to karinas house and together we made ourselves beautiful for the show. it was really good but karina left me! what a bitch well that didnt matter cause i had monica and emily. we walked around the ghetto looking for icecream. mexicans yelled and honked at us...raping us with their eyes! well the show was amaazing and scheflo is kickass. i have a shirt coming ! yay! i had an awesome night and got to spend a lot of time with mike which was nice and hank is an asshole and should leave me alone! rahhhr

 today was amazing. i spent a lot of it with mel. i went to her house then we left and saw spiderman2 which was awesome. after mel dropped me off at home i called mike and we arranged a date together and it was so great. he was so gentlemanly and he picked me up-took me to chilles and bought me dinner. we sat and talked for like 2 hours straight. then after food we drove over to the park and sat together and talked some more and looked at the stars and it was just a perfect night. i like him so much i had a great time.

 thursday morning we are leaving for the dells. i'm really excited. me-karina-hank-bob and my brother of course are all going. it should be fun. we're staying at treasure island in one really big room and theres a huge outdoor waterpark and an indoor water park too. then theres big cheif carts and coasters right next door! and theres a large amount of HOT TUBS all over treasure island so that should also be fun. damn all the guys are going to make fun of my skanky swim suit.... well the guys said that they are bringing alcohol for the night and that makes me want to bring some fun too. but knowing that my parents will be there i think i'll save it for the future. we're coming back on friday and we all have to leave early cause bob has a show that night plus i told mike i'd be there to see ATR play. the show is this friday at elgin academy. consolation prize, against the rest, self control, SCHEFLO!!, and royale with cheese are playing. i'm excited for this week.

 One day as a small opening appeared on a cocoon, a man sat for several hours watching the butterfly struggle to force its body through that little hole. Then it seemed to stop making any progress. It appeared as if it had gotten as far as it could and it could go no further. So the man decided to help the butterfly. He took a pair of scissors and snipped off the remaining bit of the cocoon. The butterfly then emerged easily, but it had a swollen body and small, shriveled wings. The wings would enlarge and expand to be able to support the body, which would contract in time. Neither happened. In fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its life crawling around with a swollen body and shriveled wings. It never was able to fly. What the man, in his kindness and haste, did not understand was that the restricting cocoon and the struggle required for the butterfly to get through the tiny opening was nature's way of forcing fluid from the body of the butterfly into its wings. Then the butterfly would be ready for flight once it achieved its freedom from the cocoon. Sometimes struggles are exactly what we need in our life. If we were allowed to go through our life without any obstacles, it would cripple us. We would not be as strong as what we could be. We could never fly.

 its really sad when all ur friends are involved with their cute couples and ur the one whos alone...damn them all! i'm so lonely. i saw mark several times today cause i've been with steff. its really sad to be seeing him all the time. i mean--i like seeing him cause i still like him and all but it makes me really sad. and even worse, pictures from a while ago were developed and on their fridge i see the cutest picture of me and mark holding hands on a bench at the art institute with stefanie and ana on either side of us. such wonderful happy memories that i cant stand to remember. well today was a really good day. karina woke me in the middle of a crazy dream this morning. steven and streb were playing haunted house with me and were chasing me with knives. and for some odd reason my hair was blonde....anyway...me and karina went to ikea together and bought her a rug for her room. i payed 40 dollars of it and if i dont get it back well unfortunate events may occur. then we went into woodfield and i bought some clothes. we drove back home and i went to steffs house. mark has the bitch stick up his ass or something cause hes changing in a bad way. what happend to him? hes gone somewhere. get the hell back we want our old lives back!

 Liar Liar- your lips on fire- what do you take me for- liar liar- your lips on fire- there's a star in the sky- it yours- I hope it falls- and breaks into a thousand shards- littering my own backyard- the one that I'm leaving soon- thank god that I'm leaving you

 it was amazing and i need to go there again! definately. i liked scheflo the best and theres another band called happy endings which was also verry good. once i find their website i'll stick it in my links. umm...mike white and kyle phlanz were obsessively horney on the bus ride home...*wink wink* umm hank was an ass and shouted what was going on to everyone. that bastard! well i got 4 free demo cd's and 15 minutes late sounded really good. and for everyone who thinks i'm a skank lately I'M NOT! i'm enjoying single life! ok so i'm a little horney but when ur single u can do whatever u want! right karina?? lol. NEWSFLASH!! karina and monica HUGGED! and they were getting along and talking about their parents and woah they have a lot in common! i sense a friendship coming along!

 wow--my birthday was amazing i had the most fun ever! and i have many pictures to remember it by. haha when paulina is around the sexuality level rises sooooo much! it was intense! the intesity! woo! so everyone arrived and we all chilled for a long time in my room. alex had an obsession with my dog and lani and karina played my super nintendo. more people came over me and paulina (mostly paulina) made some grilled cheese sandwiches in the kitchen. once everyone was over we left and played lazer tag and that was a hella good time! we all had our code names. karina-mexico alex-mexico2 paulina-pole me-mwaha lani-meep! after getting back home we all just hung outside for a while. bob started to have more people coming over so the bonfire began. that bon fire was amazingly fun! bob gave me mel and paulina our own lap dances "dont touch the stripper!!!" it started to rain which forced us inside. kam and mel got bitten by my dog sadly. and in the basement we got horney and made use of paulinas gift to me...SEX DICE!!! whaaahaha! umm i dont know whats going on cause i'm pretty sure evan has a girlfriend but meh i kissed him 2wice...(said the sex dice.) i also kissed mike white and nathan. hehe and nathan and nathan. sucked a few man-nipples and such. lol well..when everyone left i had steffanie sleep over and that was fun. and today is the show at the metro and i cant wait!



 from rt72...driving past best buy and target turn on LOCUST (the road in between target and homemakers) go straight on locust for a while, up the hill--you will pass by some appartments on the right hand side, then make a right turn on SURREY LN. go straight for a while then make a right turn into KARYN CT> it will be the 2nd court on the right. my house is the big rectangle in the very center of the court. it has a big pine tree in the front yard and will most likely have several cars in the driveway. if u absolutely need more detailed directions, or if u are confused. go to mapquest. my address is... 1290 karyn ct sleepy hollow il, 60118

 i'm sad and i'm lonely and i have a way to fix it. its sitting there in my room. i'm afraid yet anxious. the only thing keeping me from it is the opinion of my peers. but then again--dont people say do what u want and dont let other people influence u? i want it. soon.

 it was the most amazing movie i've ever seen. it made me realize so many things. like how one event or choice u make can change the outcome of your entire life. it made me soo damn sad cause it got me thinking too much about mark. like if certain things didnt happen how different would my life have turned out? I CANT GET YOU OUT OF MY HEAD~! well this trying to get over mark thing is not working. i cant stop thinking about him and i love everything about him. he is everything that i would have wanted in a boyfriend. (some exceptions on his actions) but everything about him is perfect! he makes me laugh, he is sweet, shy, cute. he is everything ! plus my family loves his polishness and unlike my last 2 boyfriends my friends approoved of me going out with him. i was able to hang out with him and my group and everyone was friends and would have a good time. hes tall and amazing and i miss him and no matter how much i should hate him for what he did i dont because i loved having him as my boyfriend. and i wonder how different things would have been for both of us if we had stayed together...i wish i could find out but i cant and i wont.

 happens to be my birthday. the plans have changed a little. celebration is on friday rather than thursday. the first half of the day is invitation only and at night there will be a bon fire for all to come to. THE PLANS in the morning just a few of us are going to see anchor man which comes out friday...then around 5:00 steven comes home from work and that would be a good time to arrive at my house. earlier if possible. we are leaving for lazer tag around 5:30. rides will be provided by my dad and brother or whoever else drives their car to my house. (LANI and/or KARINA) after lazer tag comes the bonfire in my backyard which everyone will be invited to. its for my birthday and the pre-metro get together. cause the scheflo show at the metro is saturday. woo! here are directions to my house for those who havnt been here before. from rt72...driving past best buy and target turn on LOCUST (the road in between target and homemakers) go straight on locust for a while, up the hill--you will pass by some appartments on the right hand side, then make a right turn on SURREY LN. go straight for a while then make a right turn into KARYN CT> it will be the 2nd court on the right. my house is the big rectangle in the very center of the court. it has a big pine tree in the front yard and will most likely have several cars in the driveway. there--did i put enough detail into it?? contact me at 847.476.6006 to tell me if you're coming so we can see how many cars we will be needing and so on.

 breakfast was good this morning. it was just me, lani, karina, frank, hank, and bob. we had fun. bob got noodles and we gave him noodle-spinning lessons because of his lack of skill. then i went to karinas house and spent 8 hours paintin away at her walls and ceiling and i have a huge right arm muscle but no left muscle. i'm goddamn unproportionate! rahah i saw so many exciting people today. charles joe and cooper were at best buy then i saw lindsey and nicole walking around the toys r us parking lot. and i wanted to rape them right there cause i love those girls!

 yesterday was so-so. I got a ride home from stefanies mom. we were discussing this movie about drugs when her mom says "how could these parents not notice their own children doing drugs?!?!" so then i sat at home and obsessively wrote in my blog...their so fucking addicting! eventually i got the ride i needed to karinas house to help her paint however i was late and she had already painted 2 walls so i helped her finish the rest. 2 blue walls, 2 gray walls, green ceiling. i entertained myself by sniffing the walls, paint cans, and brushes. i'm a loser. it did nothing for me. eventually lani picked us up for steak with her dad. too much flavor! ........... now i am sitting at home 8:00am cause we are all going out to eat at the manor and karinas taking sam which makes hank want to kill. i have 45 mins to get ready. ppft. stupid sam...i wonder what he'll make fun of me for today?

 not trying to label anyone-but yes, they make me laugh. ~MEMORIES~ Lori: Hey sam, you want to go to this party? Sam: Will there be other..shiny-belt people? whaha flashback...shopping with Jeff...about to walk into zumiez Jeff: I cant go in there!!!

 borderline

 "so what was her name? or were you too drunk to remember? cuz i doubt anyone is ever TOO drunk to remember and you liked lori a hell of a lot to go pull some stupid stunt like that and plus your so damn shy i cant even see you holding hands with another girl without help from someone else" listening to lani convince someone else that they're stupid makes my day. thats why i love her.

 4th of july was for the most part wonderful. it was girls DAY out at lanis house with me-lani-karina-steff. we all made pretty bracelets together and made cake and blew up balloons and ate our hearts away on her dads icecream...or at lease i did. i think i'm afraid to go into stefanie's livejournal again cause theres 22 enraging comments and everyone is mean to eachother over there. its scary. not once have i been in a fight with any of my current friends. theres occational bitchyness but no pissy fights and thats why i am a happy lady. check out the madness in my links section~~~~~~~~>>>> well i got a call from ryan walter last night at 1 am. odd. he wanted hectors number. i think he wanted drugs from him or something. meh. today is a day for painting excitement at karina's house. i cant wait for the TOXIC fumes!

 ***muahs!!!*** -The crazy pole that will always love you forever and ever and ever and ever and never depand anything from you or try to break up with you or have sex with other people or be stupid and blah blah blah and will always try my best to cheer you up and hug you and kiss you and rape you and have children with you and get married and grow old together and DIE together and HAVE SEX IN HEVEN/HELL TOGETHER (even if they don't exist WE will make it HAPPEN!!) And We will LIVE together and have 5,0000 Cats!!!! and and and....annndd.......you can think of the rest :^) IIII LLLOOOVVEEE YYYOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU... "you don't need a penis in your life! when you've got me!!!!!" (^D (((((((((((((HUGS))))))))))))))

 lets see.....my heart was broken by jeremy...i was sexually assulted by charles...and cheated on by mark i am definetly done with men for a long while.

 "What a fucking asshole! Who you ask ... MARK! That's right ... FUCKING ASSHOLE! He deserves to rot in fucking hell for what he did. Lori is such a good person, and then he goes and does something stupid like that! He will NEVER find another girl as great as her! She liked him for him, ... she loved his tight pants, goofy sense of humor, and his fluffy bird hair. NEVER will he find a girl that cared for him as much as her! I can't believe it! I'm so sorry that Lori ever wasted her time with him! He is a pig! And he lied to me!! ME, of all people! Me and Mark were so close, we told each other everything, he was my best friend! And then he pulls a fucking stunt like this! It's over!! He has lost all the trust and respect I ever had for him! He knows that if he would have told me the truth in the first place I would have tried to help him find an easier way to deal with it, I'm here to help! But NOOOO, lets fucking brag about it to all of Lori's friends. "It was worth it!!" Well, I'm glad it was worth it because not only did you lose Lori as a girlfriend but you lost our relationship! Not that it means anything to you because you obviously don't care about anyone but yourself! Oh yeah, and Ryan!! You're his fucking bitch and its DISGUSTING! You are almost 16 years old, GROW UP! Be your own person! You don't need to be who Ryan wants you to be!! Ryan is not going to be around forever, I AM! So maybe, just maybe listen to what I have to say once in awhile!! GRR! And I defended him!! I yelled at Lori so much, I was on the verge of kicking her ass for saying those things about Mark!! This is like a slap in the face! "Thanks Stefanie for defending me, but oops ... I did sleep with that SLUT Morgan!" So many fucking lies! First it's "I didn't cheat on her at all, I don't know where anyone got that idea!" Then it's "It was just a joke so she would break up with me!" Now it's "Yes, I did cheat on her! But only because I was SO fucked up!" Well, that is SO fucking not an excuse! I can't believe it! I mean like deep down I knew it was true, but I tried believe him ... because Mark is a good person! Mark blushes at everything, he wouldn't even kiss Lori for the first week they were going out!! But then he gets around Ryan and EVERYTHING changes! He has to be a hardass!! Well guess what Mark, that isn't you!! The Mark that everyone knows and LOVES does NOT have sex, is NOT a racist bitch, and does NOT fucking lie and cheat on people!"

 and it rained on bob's show. it was depressing but i love the feeling of rain in my hair so that was nice. i saw charles for the first time since school and it made me happy, he makes me laugh. ...i also spent the day with mark or at least most of it..it was awkward and made me really sad. cause when hes not around ryan walter or whoever, he is himself and he doesnt do things to make other people happy. he is cute and nice and everything that i like and i couldnt stand to be hanging out with him cause it just makes me like him all over again. even after what he did which...by the way was true and he was very proud of himself for it--cause guys in my grade are fuckups who think they are badasses if they can have sex with random people. well i am happy because steff now knows the truth and i dont know, its just a relief that she knows. so for the past week i've been feeling like shit and havnt been able to feel happy. but theres a way to fix that...medicated happiness. i have some and i dont know yet if i want it or not but right about now its looking like a good idea.

 -Perfect- You're the perfect girlfriend. Which means you're rare or that you cheated :P You're the kind of chick that can hang out with your boyfriend's friends and be silly. You don't care about presents or about going to fancy placed. Hell, just hang out. You're just happy being around your boyfriend.

 muah...excited to see consolation prize in elgin. noon-6pm come along everyone!!!



 want to crush you want to hurt you make u feel the pain i felt shed your tears i'll watch and say IT WAS WORTH IT to see your pain.

 Don't tell me to trust your words if you're telling a lie. I've been lied to for the past week...and i heard the truth from my very good friends hank and frank. so sad that i had to be lied to all this time. ummm i'm not trying to make anyone of my friends seem like a bad person because i love all of my friends and i would never be mad at them no matter what. even if this is a good reason to be angry, i will just let it go because family is more important than friends--i can understand that... i just have a few more words to say on this issue... lets play a guessing game to see who said these words>> "it was worth it" hmm what could have been worth it and who would have said this?

 i need to be happy...being sad is not fun. medicated happiness? okay!

 for lani and whoever else...this is what happend during the last week: SATURDAY fireworks at carpenter park. not so much fun, but crazzy glasses made things interesting. sunday...meh MONDAY zumiez couch tour at the mall and msc concert at clearwater. TUESDAY i dont know what happend to everyone else but i spent the day with mel...i guess karina spent it with sam clark and now her list is getting bigger! WEDNESDAY a day with karina looking for paint samples...steven goes crazzy and punches hank in the face...also puts a huge dent in karinas beautiful truck...that bastard. and mrs. loni got a beautiful new car leaving and unhappy frank with the van.



 i spent the day with karina yesterday. it was interesting. we went to sears and sherwin williams to look for paint samples cause next week we are going to paint 3 rooms in her house. then i guess her and hank are going to build some furniture for her room. in the end her room will be beautiful. well me and karina had "dinner" at wendys. if u want to say a large fries is dinner. nathan was there being himself...hmmm and we eventually ended up at best buy--where they have a home theater set up with a movie playing and two reclining seats. so we just sat and watched the first 20 minutes of 50 first dates in the middle of best buy. the guy working there was completely fine with it so we enjoyed ourselves. then we called hank and he said that he has a surprise for us. so we go to my house and steven is handcuffed to the bench press. some other stuff happened... and i spent the rest of my night at home.

 BOB, why would you stop being friends with me cause of something i said to steven ??? i didnt say anything like that to you. why do u have to hate me for how i treat my brother? hes family. i'm sure you fight with your family too . get over it bob, i treat u fine thats all that should matter. what if i got bitchy cause u didnt want your brother to have the car for a night? that would be stupid cause hey u werent being mean to me u were being mean to someone else its not my concern. think about how i treat u for once. before all this i didnt do anything to u. maybe my dad, maybe my brother but NOT YOU!

 blog comments hurt. well bob dumped me as a friend. that sucks considering i am still going to see him everywhere. suggestion....the house that steve and lori live in should be called "the piecyk house" cause the steve lori situation seems to confuse people for some reason. . . ? ? ? anyway that subject should just be gotten rid of. my day was pretty good. matt, paulina, john, and kandice picked me up this morning and we all went to the pool again. it was freezing. kandice's boobs shrunk! so did the guys packages. haha. me and paulina took a shower together! woot woot! yea my day was awesome. my mom drove me to the bank for me to get 100 from my account. i got to drive home! woot again! and i did pretty good except for me swirving into the left lane turning onto surrey. : D well tomorrow is when i leave for a beautiful 4 day vacation with lani. i am fucking pumped!! i am going to go crazy if i have to stay here with all the drama and agrivation. sweet sweet getaways. lucky karina and hank dont have to stay here and deal with all the shit. dont you love running away from your problems???

 people become friends with eachother. stevens friends just happen to become friends with me. get over it, my fucking god. being friends with me wont make u a "stolen friend" it will make u loris friend. thats not such a bad thing. frank is friends with u and ur brother....mike didnt STEAL anyone from u!!! cause u and mike are both franks friend. why cand me and steve both me your friend??????

 well then now that i know bob reads this i have a note for him to read.... okay i dont want to hate u and i dont want you to hate me. i really dont think i have a "negative attitude" as u said. and personally i think u are cocky too. but as a person bob i really like u. but i cant like u when ur yelling at me for EVERYTHING. as in for hanging out with stevens friends which just so happens to include u sometimes. its not my fault his friends want to be my friend too. is that so wrong??????? me and my brother have always hung out with the same people. ever since we were kids. i really dont think its going to change much. and most of the time i'm with lani or karina anyway. im not constatly around u guys. i'm around the people steven stopped being friends with....(the girls) so that comment "haha i stole another one of your friends." was me being sarcastic. i said it on purpose cause i was trying to piss u off cause of all the 'hanging out with stevens friends' shit u've been giving me. and since i became friends with monica...another one of his friends.....i said it. and by the way. monica is the one who suggested we hang out and i like her so there we hung out. and u guys think i'm nothing without steven. u think all my friends came from him but thats not true! i have entire different groups outside of ours. just like u have ur bands i have my other groups of friends and in case u havnt noticed i havnt been spending time with any of u. i was with my other group and guess what....u and ryan were hanging out with me and MY FRIENDS. oh my god watch out!! u hung out with my friends. BIG FUCKING DEAL i didnt care u need to stop caring too. dont talk about me being so negative when ur negative enough to point out all the bad things i am. thanks bob. the thing about this that really pisses me off is u look at how i treat other people rather than u. before all this happend i never treated u unfairly. i never did anything at all to you. think about it bob . ending the fucking drama already and i will too!

 tomorrow is super-fun swimming adventures!!!! yay for swimming with paulina and company. well today was fun. i woke up from a stefanie sleepover. went online and posted like a crazy beotch. then got tired and went back to sleep waking again at 1:30. i've felt very strange all day. but i'm assuming thats just side effects. i went over to lani's house and we sat around like the lazy fucks we are. ; ) She got sick of me....or...something....and dropped me off at the mall where i visited stefanie at her pacsun job. it looked. . . boring. but fun cause of fellow employees. i got a job application for lani...talked to the girl who works at zumiez and made a few "purchases???" at wet seal. then i sat home for several hours watching scary movie 2 which is the best one in my opinion. then matt and paulina called....they came over with john and FUSION FRENZY!!! woot woot! we had fun times with that game....hopefully they forgot to take it home cause i could go for some 1:30am games. all of us had a blast in my basement with pillow fights and lani sitting aside watching the madness....and sleeping.. : ( then 11pm mcdonalds salad and fries!~!~!~!~!

 yay for an entire year of blogging!

 crazy daisy. okay i'm up at 11 and its strange cause my usual wake up time has been around 2 or in the case of yesterday 4.......i'm pumped up and ready to go! . . . . . . sadly i have no where to go. actually if no one comes to me i'm going to the mall by myself today for a visit to stefanie in pacsun : ) then a few stops here, a few stops there, and today will be a brilliant monday! and now i just realized today is sunday! *sizzle* *pooof* thats my brain exploding. hehe anyway, i like myself. hurray! cause i dont get mad at people and that makes me happy. unless its bob cause that fucking asshole had the nerve to leave a bitchy message on my phone and i'm just sick of his super huge ego. we need to crush it. ahhh god. those god damn birds are making me crazy. they tweet to the sound of my ring tone. are u all done trying to convince me i'm stupid?

 Fun times last night. ooooofa! wooop! rasberries and green peppers and repeating music videos on mtv and vh1. it was so weird.

 must i repeat myself?? everyone is fucking crazy and/or just plain stupid. would someone please reread my last post and tell me how exactly i am being an asshole, bitch, blah blah blah??? cause really i cant see the assholishness in it. uh....when did i say i hate ashley? never. since when do i care about knowing the whole story? never. um go ahead and get mad at me for my so called "bitchy" comments. it really makes me laugh to see how much a big deal people can make over such a little thing. lets play a game.. who can make the most drama off of this post!?!!??!? i'm excited for comments. please make ass hole comments i'm ready

 some people are crazy i tell you. i was at the movies today. hanging out with steff, charles, craig, i made a new friend maya, nazi ryan walter, nathan was there and so on. we saw harold and kumar go to white castle which was hilarious. well when i got home theres a white SUV in my driveway. is it just me or does that seem odd since they broke up for the 3rd time??? umm...yea...hey i might as well go back out with jeremy. maybe things for us will be even stronger after a couple break ups. sure worked for karina!

 i swear my house is infested with flies.....scary enormus flies that dont fly away when you chase them...they fly towards you! meaning that trying to kill the flies in my basement is a very frightening experience. cause they'll buzz past my ear with that sound that makes me crazzy! i just finished vacuuming the basement and i noticed that there are tons of stains all over the carpet. its kinda sick. well my dad has been pissing me off in the same way bob has been pissing me off. and that would be giving me shit on who i'm friends with. like how i'm always with stevens group of friends. so i took like a 3 day vacation from that group of people to hang out with paulina,matt and so on. but then i get shit for that too. i dont get it....bob turns into an asshole bitching at me for hanging out with stevens friends. but when i bring a different group of people over i find bob ryan and steve hanging out with us. weird isnt it. i dont mind that they hung out with us why do they have to care when i hang out with them??? then i get shit for hanging out with steve and them cause they're older than me...well even if i go hang out with paulina shes older than hank plus theres 19 year olds with us. people need to stop worrying about who i'm hanging out with it really pisses me off. god fucking dammit. well this fly is giving me hassle too. it'll fly into the computer room make me chase it around the basement and when i retreat back to the computer it'll fly in and out again. its messing with me!

 i saw paulina again today! woohoo for that excitement. her and matt came to pick me up and we met up with john and candice at jesters--ate a couple hot dogs. the ride home was hilarious. *boop boop* poking matt till he went insane *boop* hes one crazzy driver! we came back to my house and watched a clockwork orange which was verry verry good. i loved it. it made me realize that british people are horney bastards...haha. so now i'm just relaxing from the excitement. my finger hurts like a bitch. some peely skin came off and i think theres some sort of infection cause its all red and swollen. not that any of you wanted to hear about that but its just pissing me off.

 thats what paulina is. i've spent the last 2 days with her. its been fun. there was the party at her house and lots of halo and fushion frenzy and all sorts of excitement. me and paulina enjoyed ourselves with the raping of a large yellow duck. haha inside jokes are fun. . . . .and i spent the night over there for the first time. today matt and john took us to lanis house where i got her mail for her and me and paulina walked back to my house. but to get there we had to cross the creek so we built a little bridge using our spectacular teamwork skills. at my house we played more halo then we rented a clockwork orange and the butterfly effect. watching that movie always makes me kinda sad in the end. it makes me think too much about my life turned out and makes me want to go back and make little changes. just to mess around with cause and effect. i think that would be interesting. i havnt seen steff in a long time so i must hang out with her soon. and i definately need to go eat food right now. cause gaining weight will never work out for me if i keep forgetting to eat. time flies. boys wrestle and girls make fun of eachother until they develop an eating disorder.

 dont get overly excited for anything. . . i was so pumped for having that stupid bon fire that when the time came to have it everyone left??? ....or something.. . . . . actually we still had girls night out that was lots of fun. we drove around in monicas mini-van on a condom hunt! hahahaaa at 10:30 pm. at one point ryan joined us so we're all at meijer huddled around condoms and i was the only virgin out of 6 people. and for some reason people who've had sex are afraid to purchase condoms. LANI especially. so they all bought the "fun pack" or pleasure pack....whatever, and in the car they fought over which ones to give eachother. it was fun to watch people get so bitchy over condoms. earlier that day. . . . . me and lani went to chillis for some dinner. then we went to the mall and i found a new person to seduce this year. joshy josh josh...he works at zumiez now so yay if i ever need to talk to him i know where to find him. he hugged me and i was automatically reminded of karina. and this is why. josh is so tall that when he hugs me my mouth is practically even with his nipple and i had the urge to...bite it? or....something, cause when karina hugs hank the hight proportion is the same as me and josh and this is all pointless info but i thought karina might have fun reading it!

 one week from this wednesday my family is going on a trip to the northern woods of wisconsin. and when i say "my family" i mean mom, dad, steven. lori is not going...thank god. that place is so fucky i hate it. its 6 hours in our non-a/c van. once we're up there the activities include sitting in a boat for a few hours. fun? hell no. and last time we were there we went into town for breakfast to this little country place and we walk in...its crazy everyone at the restaurant turns silent and stares at us cause we are out of towners and they live in a place were everyone knows eachother...weird stuff. so my dad's letting me stay home while they're away! woo for that.

 wheee...happy is me today! i dont have to spend another day doing absoluately nothing. so yeah theres a bon fire at my house tonight. i am wanting to invite my beloved tight pants kids cause i love them and none of them have been to my house yet. so if charles manages to answer his phone i'll be inviting them. i'll be needing to go get some firewood and put it over by the fire pit. and. . . . .uh yea! woo! herbal essence conditioner makes my hair super soft....purr. well then...uh i am out of things to say! come to the campfire! the end.

 pfftt...i've been neglecting bloggy for the last week. but mel introduced me to myspace which has been occupying most of my time....click above for my webpage.

