 you piss me off, bush, and there's no two ways about it urlLink here's some stupid stuff you said. "The union of a man and woman is the most enduring human institution, honoring -- honored and encouraged in all cultures and by every religious faith. Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society." Okay, I'll cut right to the chase, because all y'all know how I feel about same-sex marriage. I can argue til I'm blue in the face about the rights of people to...have the same rights as other people, but many have done it far more eloquent than I. What I'd like to rant about is how offended I am by this "time honored man-woman" bullshit rhetoric. Marriage's "ages of experience" is a long history of patriarchal man-woman relationships. Women were property, and marriage was a business contract. This commitment of men and women to "love and serve each other" gave men the right to beat, rape, behead, and otherwise abuse their wives, and it gave women the right to...make (male) babies. In some countries and some religious faiths, it was perfectly alright to have many many many wives, just as it was alright to condemn women who tried the same sort of sexual freedom as whores. You may think that things have changed, that marriage has become a truly loving and endearing commitment of one person to another. Men will do chores now, and women work. You know why this happened? Because people fought to change it..somewhere back in the turn of the century, women began to get a glimpse into the true oppression that is gender roles and double standards. They fought against it. It happened in the 60s, too, believe it or not, after things regressed back to medieval standards (in the name of the American Dream). Marriage is not the same as it was "ages" ago, and we have feminism to thank for it. So when I hear talk of "sanctity" and "time-honored" I feel sick. I don't intend to get married until I can get married in a society that doesn't define marriage for me. I don't want to get married because I don't want to face the assumption that I will have kids, or leave work to take care of them, or take my husband's name and do his dishes. I want to marry because I love someone. Isn't that why anyone wants to get married? Fuck you, Bush. You're afraid. You're afraid of what will happen to your cookie cutter shiny happy marriage if gays and lesbians are allowed full legal access to marriage in this country. You're afraid to be emasculated, to have to define your own actions instead of having gender roles define them for you. You're afraid to think for yourself. Who will do the laundry if two men get married? Does that mean you might have to do the laundry someday (after we kick you out of the white house and you're dirt poor with no Hispanic maid to do it for you)? Does it make you feel like less of a man to see two women together, who have no interest in your, your penis, or your daddy's money? You're afraid, plain and simple. You know what? I don't have to say "fuck you" because you'll do it to yourself. Give me back my damn country, asshole.

 i is tired Blogging from the Music office at Loyola University, where I am spending a few days with urlLink Val before my flight to Montreal (friday). Sad and tired. Sad because I miss the Jerry already, and tired because I got little sleep last night and then got up early. Uneventful bus ride, although Grant was there. Val met me downtown and I sang with her choir. It was quite entertaining, and I actually read pretty well for not being much of a singer. When I'm back at school, I will definitely make an effort to either be in a choir or take voice lessons. The idea being, my trombone playing improves. Hrm. Definitely feeling nostalgic, pensive, and poetic tonight. Madison is home. I imagine that in the fall I will have a new place to call home, a solidified existence that's all my own. For now, returning to Madison is like putting the pieces back together. I know my way around, I know who to see, where to go, and what to do. I became myself there. It sounds corny and all, but true. Until the next stage of my mental/emotional development takes place I am inherently attached to Madison. I want to go to school again. I'm tired of feeling bullshit like this. I mean, not that feeling Madison is home is bullshit, but that I don't have a place to truly call home and therefore must be silly and nostalgic instead of getting on with life. Sigh. Tired, like I said. Want sleepies.

 oh how quickly the time passes I'm alive, I swear. I haven't got much to post. On Wednesday already I am going back down to Chicago to spend a little time with Val, and then Friday leave for Montreal. I'm excited to go, but I've been incredibly lax with practicing since my DePaul audition and am hoping all will go well. Only two more full days in Madison, and with Jerry-pants. Hard to think that when I leave this time we have no guarantee of when we will see each other next. That's a little scary, but I know I can handle it this time. If all goes well I will probably spend the summer in Madison, Jerry will move to New York in the fall and I to Montreal, and we will see each other much more frequently. Dreamin' again. Really, though I am mostly looking forward to being in a new place, meeting new people and creating a network of friends again. It will all be twice as good if I can be near to Jerry and escape to him for comfort or friendship if necessary. Life is hard you know. But some beautiful things are happening that make me feel good. Here's urlLink one of them.

 i spent money Here's what I got: urlLink Persepolis by Marjane Satrapi. A graphic novel about the author's childhood during the Islamic Revolution in Iran. SOOO GOOD. I finished it in about an hour. And I cried. urlLink Reading Lolita in Tehran by Azar Nafisi. In keeping with my readings on Iran and the women affected by the regime in power. So far, it's intense. As I see more and more how our view of the world is jaded and twisted in America, I desire to understand what it's really like. urlLink Body Outlaws: On Body Image and Identity edited by Ophira Edut. Looks interesting. The "barbies I'd like to see" is hilarious. Tori Amos Tales of a Librarian and the new Ani Educated Guess . I'm set. And broke. Cheers to that. :)

 are you at home now? with your kitty-kat? it's not my home and it's not my kitty-kat, but it is now. Or something. Davis is off to school and I'm just hanging out in her apartment, playing with Maggie, who is hilarious and frisky. A combination that is quite entertaining in a young cat. She's bored, I think. She keeps climbing up on my leg and mworwing, but she has food and she doesn't want to cuddle. We've played. We've petted. I can only do so much, cat! ;) It's nice today, to be relaxed and have some time to myself. I think I will do yoga and practice a little. Not too much. Mark Fisher gave me some great advice on breathing, and I will just warmup enough to reinforce that (if you're curious: I've been told to treat my horn as if it were a breathing apparatus, ie similar to a BERP, because I am not translating the work I do on my toys to my actual horn. Also, to make a LOT of noise when I breathe, and not to "apologize" for breathing. It's fantastic advice, and I'm eager to put it to work at my McGill audition). Mostly I've just been catching up on blogs and such. There are two posts at urlLink WHB that I would love to address, but it might be a while. Davis has an insane amount of feminist books, and I'm itching to steal them. Mwahahaha. However, I will pay a visit to A Room of One's Own whilst in Madison, where I want to pick up Derrick Jensen's A Language Older Than Words , some Audre Lorde, Toni Morrison, Shere Hite, Robert Graves' The White Goddess and anything else I can get my hands on. For limited cash. It would actually be cheaper at Amazon, so I will make a list of stuff I didn't get and add it to my wishlist. Sigh. If only I had a rich benefactress. Exclusive Company is also on the shopping list, with the new Ani album and Desert Sessions on the list. Okay, the cat is freaking out. Wow. And I'll tell you a Buddha Stew secret. I'm excited to go to Montreal and find one of the sex shoppes that makes Canada so cool. Stop dissin' Canada everyone (who has recently dissed Canada to me-Mr UMich Marching Band guy on the train to Chicago, that means you), because Canada rocks. Anyway, I suppose I could always go to A Woman's Touch in Madison (and doesn't Madison just kick serious ass for having both AROOO and AWT? you bet it cuntlovin' does), but Montreal! Sex Shoppes! French speakers! Hurray! Places I really really really REALLY must be this year: urlLink March for Women's Lives in D.C. April 25th. MUST GO! Marisa called me on Thursday to say I had to go, as she is. Well, good for you, being an eastie and driving there. Argh. Anyone want to donate money to my cause? No credit cards please (I'm half serious. Send me to DC and you'll never regret it!) only checks or cash. Man, if that TJ gig hadn't fallen through it would have been no problem. I WILL get a job when I return to CA. WILL. MUST. Argh. urlLink Rafael Mendez Brass Institute in Boulder June 7-13. Davis is going with her quintet. I wish I had a quintet, or a bone quartet. I know I asked about it already, but if you want to form a group...please let me know. It's cheaper if you go pre-formed. Perfect for me. Nuttin' but brass chamber music all the livelong day. So I either need three trombones or two trumpets, a horn, and a tuba. Anyone, anyone? *Sigh* So much excitment in the world, so little money. I'm toying with the idea of going for broke and just doing everything I want to do...because what else would be the point of a year off? I'm taking time off to...have time. Time to do the shit I want to do before school weighs me back down. Like March for justice and intensely practice chamber music. The money can be made later, and really, how important is it to be secure financially when it's just as fulfilling to have great experiences, books, music, and conversations over deep mugs of chai? Yeah.

 k-a-l-a-m-a-zzzoozzoo i gotta girl... a quick update from the road. Three auditions down, one to go. UMich-pretty good. Liked the school, the people, the professor. Seems like a good place to be. Good to see Grant and Jennii. Ran into Clay Wacholz (sp?) and Emily Robida. Audition was okay, better than ASU but perhaps not the way I expected to play. Ah well. DePaul-super. Looooove Mark Fisher. Would love to study with him. Didn't really get a chance to talk to or see much of the school, so I'll have to be in touch with the grad students I have emails for to get more of a feel for the place. My audition was more like a lesson, and I took a lot out of it. I hope he likes what he heard. Met up with Davis and we headed back to K-zoo, which is where I am currently. Tomorrow I will meet Ann Hoppe (HURRAY) for dinner, and then head to Madison on Tuesday. I can't wait to see everyone! Youngblood on Friday night and cuddles with Jerry-pants. Relaxation until I head back to Chicago, see Val, and then go to Montreal. I'll try to sneak a lesson with James Campbell in while I'm in town. I'm glad to be almost done, and to have a reprieve from the traveling. and now...back to Ocean's Eleven.

 if i'm a sucker for anything, it's gotta be... the urlLink Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show . Yep, that's right. I love me my dog show. Not just any ol' dog show, the big 'un. Dogs dogs dogs. Rockin'. This year's Best in Show is urlLink "Josh" , a Newfie. He's pretty cool, but I wanted the urlLink Ibizan Hound to win. Ah well. She's a winner in my heart. So, the dogs are great and all but I really have to admit that sometimes I just watch it for the way the urlLink announcer guy says "antiquity." It gives me a moistie. Okay, not really. But it does remind me of the Flight of Dragons and how much I absolutely adored that movie as a kid. I still do. Plus the chick's name is Melissande. That's sweet. Too bad the hero isn't Peleas. Well, you can only ask for so much out of life. I leave you with these beautiful thoughts for the next coupla days. Bright and early tomorrow morning I am off to Ann Arbor, auditioning on Friday. Then I'll be in Chicago, Kalamazoo, Grand Rapids (maybe), Chicago, Madison, Chicago, Montreal. But I'll see you before. Blogging will occur in one of those cities. I promise. Schmu schmu, I love you.

 fighting vainly the old ennui i'm bored-ish. no real desire to look up exciting/infuriating news on the internet, can't stand to play my trombone another minute, can't finish packing until i've done laundry, have the irrepressible urge to type in lower case. i've cruised through a couple of old bs entries (a journey into the wayback machine...the stew is almost three years old! and how far we've come since that long post where i sang sean odenwalder's traffic lights song. sigh. it's such a beautiful thing). in the spirit of 510 n henry street, madison, wi 53703 (home of corporal zulu and hairgel eating) i give you a taste of the old stew, in all its glory. the other night i had a dream about ryan. hahahahaha! i laugh. ryan. how silly that whole thing was, and yet how essential to the development of my character today. i don't recall the specifics of the dream. it just got me to thinking. what's ryan "i'm afraid of girls but i think i'm really cool" smith up to these days? is he still in new york, writing bing-bang-zoom-whoosh music? is that smile still infectious? if he randomly called me one day, would he call me the nickname he gave me? mostly i'm feeling pretty ambivalent about the whole thing. i have forgiven my prior self for being girlie and crazy and maybe even a little psychotic. this is past. i still regret the loss of a very good friend, the first person i truly felt comfortable around at college. but, it's past. gone-o-roo-la. in response to urlLink davis' questions about grad school and alex, i initiated a rant that i had a hard time getting out of. but in the end, it made a ton of sense (at least, to myself). all that time i spent moaning and bitching about ryan i was blaming him for something i brought on myself. i'm not totally freeing him of responsibility, because he certainly didn't do anything to rectify the situation...in fact i believe his reaction was to run away and never speak to me again...but. but but but. i was amiss in thinking he was responsible for my happiness. no. only i am responsible for my happiness. other people merely help the process. ryan was in no way required to date me, fuck me, or otherwise employ my emotions just because i liked him. nay, was infatuated with him. i can ask that of no one. attraction must be mutual...to be attraction. any bitchin', moanin' or whinin' i did was my own choice, and i was not grown up or self-realized enough to stop these things and move on for a long time. true, everyone recovers from unrequited or requited or whatever crazy donkey love at their own pace, but i'd like to give myself much more credit that i actually did. i'm grateful that i can look back the experience with new tools of analysis and perspective. yay, girl power. women rule. boys drool. or something like that. i'm growing up. and i like it. moon goddess strong woman radical feminist riot grrl riding valkyrie reigning fire down from valhalla. weeee, muthafucka, weeeeeeee. "you must be girls. let's date." "i'm totally crushing!" --teen girl squad

 I am a Hippy urlLink Which America Hating Minority Are You? urlLink Take More Robert & Tim Quizzes urlLink Watch Robert & Tim Cartoons

 no place more humbling... than the desert. The great wide expanse of land that isn't empty, no, not in the slightest, but full and resounding with beauty with life with energy if you know where to look. And I encourage you to, indeed, take a look. I will go with you. It is a place I feel safe in traveling through, the last great uncontrolled (by human hands) environment. Freedom. Oh, were I but a lizard on your sandy red boulders, dearest desert. What times we would have. Back across the desert, up up the mountains and down down to the sea, I return to you. I am feeling poetic as if it were a hormone injected into my blood or injested along with macaroni and cheese. It comes from listening to Ani incessantly and reading Cunt voraciously. And the joy I get from the raw, wild desert. However, I imagine my audition was less than poetic. It was not bad. Maybe not good enough for a potential graduate student. I have no idea what they expect to hear. I no longer care what it was actually like. The next will be better. Besides, all I could ask for was that Valkyries went off without a hitch, and it did. Schmu. I reconnected with an old friend. Sommer moved to Phoenix in middle school, and since our communication had died to a mere murmer. Yet we met this weekend, and got caught up. She has grown into a woman I am very proud of, and there was no difficulty in feeling like buds again. A beautiful thing. Should I indeed go to school there (if my audition was better than I suspect it sounded) I will have a connection and a very good one, at that. So, now I must prepare for my big travels. The one that might require my entire inventory of underwear (and long underwear). That might find me stranded somewhere in Detroit or Chicago with a large suitcase and a trombone, or it might go off flawlessly and effortlessly. We shall see. I get to go to Canada! I get to wear scarves and hats and mittens! I will meet and befriend new people! I will impress amaze and astonish three more professors of music! Life is beautiful! I'm very tired. More tomorrow. Happy Sunday, all.

 on the road again I'm off to Arizona today! Wish me luck! I'll see y'all on Sunday night.

 what's the last thing you want to be doing on a sunny afternoon? For me, it's going to have to be cleaning smouldering palm tree nuts and rat shit out of my car engine. A little background information: I park my car (the steadfast '99 beige Contour lovingly referred to as ED) outside as my parents' cars get the garage. We have three palm trees in the front yard, Katie, Jenn, and Lauren are their names because when we were young (and oh so sweet) my best friend, her sister and I declared them to be arboreal manifestations of ourselves. We also have a colony of roof rats. I myself have never seen the roof rats; I know Jerry has, and my dad found a dead one once. I only know of their existence because at 2 am they get especially frisky and run about merrily on the roof above my bedroom. They sound HUGE. Fuckin' huge. They eat palm nuts. Not too long ago I had my car tuned up. When I went to retrieve her, I was promptly scolded by the repair guy for "letting the rats leave a nest in my engine." In my defense, I had no idea this was the current practice of our resident roof rats. My parents did, however, because it happened to the Cadillac (may she rest in peace) when it was parked on the street. A discussion insued as to how to halt the nesting instincts of roofus raticus but we reached no formal conclusion. I declined to have rat poison under the hood as I would be disgusted to have dead rat present in my car at any period in time. Parking it in the garage is not an option as leaving another car outside would subject it to a similar fate. Talks ceased, and life went on as normal. Today I was blithely on my way to Hidden Valley Middle School to teach. The birds were singing. The sun was shining. The sharp, aromatic smell of wood fire was in the air. It remained in the air all the way up to Escondido, at which point I realized my engine was smoking. The palm nuts were buring. It's a nice smell and all, but it's a little disconcerting to suddenly have your car turned into a giant incense burner without your prior knowledge. So, instead of coaching (and let's all shead a tear for that 70 bucks that was not added to my checking account this afternoon), I spent the time scraping nuts, rat shit, and snail shells out of my engine. It was not pleasant, and I don't recommend it. For now, my car is parked across the street in the hopes that the rats will be confused and not be able to find it. Ah, the trials of living.

 (exasperated)sigh urlLink La Cucaracha is especially fitting today. And I want to link you again over to urlLink Green Fairy because I don't want you to get any false notions about how great America is. We could be. If we'd stop fucking things up. That is to say, if the people in power would stop fucking things up and start listening to what people actually think. I am frightened by the ability of hate groups (masquerading under positive names- "Pro-Life" is a nice way of saying antiabortion. To be truly pro-life, however, you would have to concede that a woman...is a life. I know that's a big step. Let's take it slow here) to mobilize quickly and effectively, to use religion to convince people of the wrongness or rightness of something, and to scare politicians and policymakers into submission. I don't think the majority of Americans believe abortion should be illegal, but those voices are overpowered by the angry ones, the people who are threatened not by the loss of life (because then they would have to consider more than just the fetus as a live) but by the loss of power. Fear is the greatest motivator. Go on over to urlLink Echidne and read her post (jan 30) on "The Manly Art of Politics." Some talking heads are afraid that politics is over femininzed. It goes hand in hand with Bush's stance on machoism and revenge: power! greed! punishment! And that's where I get lost in the debate. Why should politics be "masculine" when half of the population is "feminine"? Shouldn't they have everyone's best interest at heart? Don't laugh. I'm serious. Which is why I find myself feeling more and more lost and hopeless in this big, bad-ass, macho country. I understand that the majority of Americans are not extremists like anti-abortionists, and so at the same time I understand that not everyone's a radical feminist. I just like to hope that most people swing in that direction when it comes down to talking rights, improvements, and actions. This is good news though: urlLink Massachusetts High Court rules for Gay Marriage .

 just tired, that's all I had a power lesson with Sean tonight in which we ran all of my excerpts, the Bozza and a little of the Stevens. Last Wednesday when we met I felt like a new trombonist; he helped me get over my weird playing issues and start on a strict diet of positive thinking. Tonight was just the same-so much invaluable advice and teaching. He's an amazing teacher because he has worked so hard to be a good player, and put in the time not just in the practice room but into research as well. I said positive thinking. Instead of blogging, I should be going to bed, sleeping well, and waking up refreshed to start working all of the things he suggested. But I'm blogging, because the positive thinking isn't so easy right now. I'm so excited to go and do my auditions and to experience all the possibilities of the schools I have chosen. But part of me is unable to quell this fear that I'm just not good enough. That a graduate student should be some sort of super trombonist who never cracks notes and plays everything in tune. Silly. I know this. It's not entirely true. Of course, no one in a perfect world would ever crack notes. But I do. A lot. Is there a redeeming quality to my musicianship that will stand out at auditions? I've worked hard. Should I have worked harder? No. It's best that I sleep. There's still time for improvement, and I am a good musician. The parts that get in my way...are all in my head. Still, every now and again a good cry helps. Like any spell of depression, misery loves company, and my misery over music is joined by my misery over missing my support group of musicians who understand. Hey Kids...I miss you guys. I can't wait to see you. I maintain, as I always have, that the greatest part of music is the people you meet. Sweet dreams, friends.

 Dear Federal Communications Commission, Like many Americans, we were shocked by the exposure of one Ms Sun Jackson at the halftime of this year's Super Bowl. While we too feel the episode is deplorable and saddening, we would urge you to exercise caution during your investigation of this matter. Too often in our society the blame is placed on a breast or breasts for actions, or exposure such as this one, when the real focus should be put on the ways in which breasts are otherwise exploited and maligned in our culture today. We do believe that Ms Jackson should be responsible for her actions, if indeed she had a hand in the proceedings, but that in many ways she has acted out of influence from popular media and should not bear the full front of this investigation. We here at the National Ova and Breast Representation Association (NOBRA) feel that you should take certain societal factors into account as you research the incident. In today's society, misbreastgeny is at an all time high. Breasts face oppression, high standards of perfection, and contradictions in regards to activity and appearance. Culture has dictated that all breasts must garb themselves in the constricting and concealing attire of bras, but there is a high market for free breast pornography. With such contradiction in the media, young breasts today are growing up with a sense of low self-worth. They are broken down into two confining stereotypes: that of the "good" breast, and that of the "slut." These stereotypes often do not originate in behavior; something as trivial as size may determine the social status of a breast. This dichotomy is especially damaging as it does not allow for free reign of expression and experimentation in young breasts today, and many grow up without coming into a true sense of self. Combine this with the constant barrage of media attention to this perfect breast or that, never showing a true spectrum of breasts, and you have a recipe for disaster. The Perfect Breast must never sag or be oddly shaped, it must be round and full, with the nipple in proper position. It must be hairless, smooth, and tanned. In many cases, it must be altered in size in order to more genuinely titillate the senses of the penis. It is a sexual object at the same time that it is confined to the "traditional" and oppressive roles of motherhood and childcare. The two are mutually exclusive; a breast cannot be sexy at the same time that it is nursing because this creates anxiety and disgust in the opposite sex. You can see how these divisions seek to contain the freedom and rights of the breast, and allow for further degradation in the media and popular culture. We ask that you review the case of Ms Jackson with a few questions in mind: Was she reacting to certain cultural dictates that say she, as a breast, can only make news by being sexy and controversial? Was she betrayed by these forces into thinking that it was a proper response? Ask yourself how this case might be different if the breast in question had not been black. Do we assign different standards and stigmas to breasts of color? Most importantly, should not the hand, which played an important role in the event, also be questioned and held accountable? To many viewpoints, ours included, the incident resembles a sexual assault on the part of the hand, and this is why it is offensive. The breast is too often used as a sexual object controlled by the objectifiers. If we had a healthier outlook on breasts, their rights, and freedoms, perhaps this episode would not have happened. Being a breast is, after all, not something we can help. We are just as nature made us, and it is time for us to stand up and be proud of who we are for individuals. It is time also to reject the standards that have been set and make new ones that reflect a proper and reasonable response to episodes such as this. We ask you to forgive Ms Jackson her "blunder" but remember that she is an adult capable of making her own decisions. Thank you for taking the time to hear our case, Yours sincerely, Hildegard and Clara Husting Co-Presidents, NOBRA

 southern california: it's not just for weather-wimps anymore Went over to Borders for my Monday Night Chai, plunked myself down in front of the "women's studies" section (in quotes because some things don't really belong there, and also, they are too lazy to alphabetize it. tsk tsk. Shoulda hired me when you had the chance, bitches....I mean, you still can. I need a job. Please hire me!), and found a very interesting book: urlLink Indigenous: Growing Up Californian , by Cris Mazza. Mazza's life, in the pages I flipped through, parallels mine in some pretty crazy ways. She grew up in San Diego, which was my first draw to the book. She played trombone in marching band, one of the first girls in her school to do so. The way she talks about gender politics as it relates to band ring true for me, and she deftly describes what it's like to be a "girl among trombonists"...I would love to read that section in depth. She went away to the Midwest (Chicago) for school. While there, she dealt with all the stereotypes I dealt with (do you miss the weather? do you surf? is everyone blonde? do you see a lot of celebrities?) and was equally as frustrated. She also devotes a chapter to the San Diego Symphony, its financial woes, and how America views the arts. It's fascinating. I've added it to my wish list (oh, if I could read everything I wanted to) because I'm just stunned at our similar lives and her insights on being a Californian. My friends in Wisconsin will attest to how annoyed the following question made me: "Why in the world would you come here when you live in Southern California?" The implication is that weather determines how great a place is, and that once you've lived there, you can't live anywhere else. Incidentally, the questioner would always follow up the statement with "I could never live there. I like seasons. Plus, what's Christmas without snow?" thus annoying me further. We have seasons, bitch. It's raining right now. Because it's winter, and that's what it does. Oh, but you're right, we don't have any Christmas spirit here. We suck. Anyway, my responses to this question got more creative with time (usually I would invoke a stereotype of Wisconsin just to get back at them: "I like the smell of cows" "I wanted to see how much bratwurst I could eat in four years" etc). The truth is, I love Wisconsin. I love San Diego. I love being from both places. Well-rounded character traits and all. While I will play along with stereotypical jokes about either locale, I retain the right to ignore anyone who is genuinely insulting or ignorant. There are of course downsides to both locations. I am not enjoying my year here in SD because I have few friends, am dependent on my car, and live in the suburbs. Were I in the thick of the action downtown, I would in all likelihood feel differently. San Diego frustrates me with its conservatism (it is after a military town with a high population of retirees and ex-Midwesterners) and its racism (you can quote diversity statistics, but the truth of it is that Hispanics get a very, very, very bad rap here). But Madison could similarly frustrate me with its little hypocrisies as well. Any place is like that, because people have different viewpoints anywhere you settle. Like Mazza, I too can discount any of the stereotypes people have of southern Californians just on the basis of people I know. The friends who were born here, raised here, and consider themselves San Diegans are the least stereotypical of all. Many times at school I felt myself slipping into stereotypes just so I could get some attention, but the truth of it is I'm not a surfer, I'm not blonde, and I don't rollerblade with my poodle (but I do have a poodle...man, it just occurred to me what a jip poodles get. That is a damn stupid name for an otherwise wonderful dog). The surfer exists, and I'm not knocking it. Someday I too would like to be a surfer, because it looks like fun and I like the ocean. The characteristics I love best about San Diego and San Diegans are the most often overlooked. The ocean is great, but you can't deny the beauty of our mountains, our canyons, and our deserts. San Diegans are some of the most fit people in the country (and that is a stereotype), because of the nature of our environment. Hiking, biking, swimming, and just plain walking are so enjoyable here because of the things you get to look at while you are doing said activities. If a friend comes to visit me, I will take them to Torrey Pines because it is breathtakingly beautiful, but I will also take them to Los Penasquitos to get a true feel for chaparral and canyon wildlife (friends who visit me will always be taken hiking. You cannot escape it, do not even try). Well, there you have it in plain english why RW: San Diego pisses me off so much. There is a nightlife here, sure. But it ain't all we do, and those idiots will be sorry they didn't ever get east of the airport (quite a task, I assure you; the airport being almost on top of the harbor). But more than that, I hate to see my pretty city get stereotyped and pigeonholed. Pan your camera over the Mission Beach boardwalk all you want, but that ain't the half of it. I think the wildfires surprised some people back east because they didn't realize how much wild land San Diego County actually includes. That before the palm trees and well-manicured lawns it was all scrub brush and cactus. Fire is a way of life. Many of us despaired to see our mountains and canyons go up in flames almost as much as the devastating loss of homes and lives. Those of us with common sense do not appreciate the Governator. Electricity is not a thing to flaunt. Water is precious. Punk rock is sacred. So, a word of warning to the haters: the note of scorn I hear in your voice when you say "California should just drop into the ocean and do us all a favor" better damn well fuck off, and you too. Because it's my home, and it's more than just a bunch of blondes and surfers and suburban rich kids. Maybe you should come here and give it a try. Hopefully we won't break off into the Pacific while you're here.

 disappointment My tuba players quit on me today. Well, I wasn't surprised that Amanda quit, because she always made it quite evident that she didn't care. But David...now, I admit that he had a lot of work to do, and his knowledge of fingerings left something to be desired...but he was a good kid, and he worked hard. It's all part of being a teacher, I guess. There are ups and downs, and you can't always tell what your kids are thinking. Sometimes you don't even know if you're making a difference. I wouldn't survive as a full-fledged band director for many reasons, but that's the biggest. Does it really matter what I'm doing? Am I including everyone in this progress? Are they all having a good time? Now that you're all in a somber mood, go on over to urlLink Green Fairy and laugh your ass off about death. Go on. Do it.

 duuuude I found a bag of M&Ms my parents had stashed tonight and was all weirded out when I saw that they were black and white. Okay, so now those commercials with Judy Garland make more sense (I never pay attention to what commercials are selling, in an effort to not feel obligated to buy anything ever). Apparently you can help the M&Ms urlLink find their color . I dunno. I like the black and white scheme. It reminds me of that awesome scene in An American in Paris with the black and white party. There's some cool ass shit going down there. Wouldn't be surprised if people were crack addicts either. Gene Kelly looks kind of dumb, but everyone else is dressed up all wild (it's mostly the costume he's wearing. I mean, if you're going to a black and white party, a joker's costume is like the easiest thing to do. Let's hear it for some black and white creativity, people. Ostriches. Zebras. Pineapples). It's pretty hip, and I'd have liked to have been there. On another note, I was pissed off about the MTV/Real World urlLink alleged sexual assault when I heard about it, but now I'm just damn pissed off at the whole show (wait before you say "just now?"-I was a great fan of RW Seattle, but then again some of those people had common sense and intelligence). Drunken idiots. Making a mockery of my pretty city. Get the fuck out. Either that, or have "Real World: Tijuana" so we can have some more positive images of race (sarcasm alert level: elevated). See how they like living in a tin shack and dealing with Montezuma's curse. Prediction: a cast member will be hospitalized during the first week of shooting after being run down by a Mexican taxi driver. We will listen sympathetically while several other cast members describe the hardships of being in a non-english speaking country, and the anguish they suffer at being laughed at and called "gringos" before having their wallets stolen. The cameras will pan over decrepit neighborhoods as a cast member's voice over states: "It's so humbling...to be in a place where the people have nothing. It's like, you have to reevaluate everything you've ever thought. The other day I..*sniff*...oh man, this hard...I saw a roach. In our kitchen. I mean, this is extreme poverty man. I'm going to be such a stronger person, as a house we'll be so close...because we survived , man, we are survivors." Remind me never to watch MTV when I'm feeling snarky and sarcastic.

 it's redesign fever!! urlLink Pamela Ribon , author of the totally awesome book Why Girls Are Weird , has also done site overhaul today. How exciting. I am trying not to be scared by the gross thinness of the girl's arm. You should check her out; she's quite quite funny. And to Jerry: well, now you don't have the same blog layout as Pamie. Therefore, you are lame. You should get urlLink Trogdor , because it is beyond awesome. Trrrrrrogdorrrr!

 blog overhaul Buddha Stew gets a new look, for the first time in three years. Excitement! Still playing with stuff. I can't figure out how to get my title in there, and what do to with all the extra space at the top. In the original design, which can be found at urlLink Lex Designs , there was an image of a waterfall. In my dreams, I see myself replacing that empty space with a thangka of some sort, but I don't even know where to begin with image html. I need the help of my computer types, Shaun? Dan? For now, just tell me how to get rid of that blank stuff. Arrgh. What do you all think? Yesno? I like it. It's very much something I'd like to play with more, and design my own site. All in good time, which means after auditions. Huzzah. *update* I put the image back in, for now. Hopefully I won't get in trouble for covering my little ad bar up there. I'm not crying about it or anything.

 follow up topic: relate all you just said to today's society An answer April's question "What do you think keeps movements apart today? Is it conscious (or unconscious intervention by the patriarchy/How Things Are), or are the members of each movement now primarily responsible for disregarding other movements?" It's a little bit of both, I'd say. The Powers That Be still keep women apart today through backlash politics. I mean, many young women are afraid still to call themselves feminists, even if their viewpoints fall right in line with women's rights. Feminists are still "femi-nazis," ugly, fat, hairylegged dykes that hate men. Of course this may be true of a handful of feminists, but this characterization came about from constant misinterpretation and whining on the part of white males who felt they were losing their advantage in the workplace or social sphere or whathaveyou. Still, it was and is extremely effective at keeping women apart. Patriarchy also keeps the women's movement apart with religion, holding certain beliefs (whether they be God-sanctified or not, you can make that shit up anyway) over women's heads who might otherwise support a woman's right to choose or a gay's right to marry. Your religion forbids it, they say, so you wouldn't be a "true Christian" to support it. Also with gay rights, I feel sometimes that the media's representation of lesbians vs gays keeps those two groups apart as well, or could easily serve to. Lesbians have to fight against objectification (of all the lesbian kisses on TV nowadays, how many of them are NOT geared toward the erectile fantasies of heterosexual men?) while gay men have to fight just to be recognized (Queer Eye being a distraction from the real cause, falsely leading people to think that a great leap has been made). On the other hand, movements keep other movements away as well. I know that homophobia is strong in black communities who feel that it's a white "problem." I can't link the statistic, but I remember reading somewhere that the majority of people opposed to gay marriage are black males (please correct/quote/help me out if I'm wrong). You can examine many reasons why this is so, and I think it ties into what bell hooks has to say about sexism in black civil rights movements as well. Years of fighting has made machoism and control key for young black men, and while a gay man can be both macho and in control, this is not the prevalent stereotype of gays or women (which you could say comes from The Way Things Are and thus furthers to keep the two movements apart) and therefore their rights are second to black rights as a whole. There you go. I've come full circle. The Way Things Are tries hard to keep people from mobilizing through stereotypes, media enforcement, and political change, while some groups prevent others from joining because they feel their cause is less or not a problem they have, which in turn stems from media representations and prevalent stereotypes. I think my head just imploded. I might need to go cry, fetal position, in a corner, for a while until I feel like I can come back out into the Big Bad World which has none of my interests at heart and seeks constantly to drag me down. Goddammit.

 for music nerds only urlLink hehehehe

 how lauren got her (feminist) groove back Two things today that caught my attention. First: This is no surprise, but urlLink studies show women are less at risk from breast cancer with an active lifestyle . Simple activities, such as walking or doing chores, are on the list, although chances improve the more strenuous or frequent the exercise is. Now, the Washington Times put urlLink a lovely little spin on this. I have a mental image of a group of writers or editors reading through this article, and being fairly bored by it until they got to that little bit about housework. "Aha!" they said, grinning maniacally. "Proof that women should do the chores! It's good for them!" They choose a writer to put it to text and lean over his shoulder snickering wildly. Now, I would think (and I may be disastrously wrong) that your chances of avoiding ANY kind of cancer would be improved by physical activity no matter what your gender. I also wonder, as a housewife/husband, how much do you counter those positive effects of activity by working with bleach, tile cleaner, ammonia, detergent, and wood polish? Both links, and a much better commentary, are available at urlLink Echidne . Second: When I was in pep band, I LOVED playing for the women's basketball games, because it was exciting to see women tearing down stereotypes and getting physical. Not to mention the team was way better than the boys. Well, win one for the ladies of the court: urlLink Candace Parker has become the first woman to win the McDonald's High School Slam Dunk Contest . This girl sounds like an all-around player- her last and winning shot was done with her left arm covering her eyes. She's Ms Basketball of Illinois, and she'll probably never have breast cancer. [Link: urlLink Ms Musings ] I like to play basketball too, but my best move was never a slam dunk. I'd like to think it was punching Adam Harry in the nose and knocking off his glasses. Yeah, that was pretty sweet.

 it's like i need caffeine, only not My dad just said "True story" in relation to something (one of his boring recaplets of something golf-associated), and I was immediately filled with the irresistable urge to watch the movie Clerks . It's so strong I might have to go out and rent it, ASAP. If I'm feeling frisky I might get Chasing Amy and Dogma , too, but probably not Mallrats because I've seen it 80 gazillion times (okay, more like 10). There I go, exaggerating in multiples of 8 again. It seems to be the only way I can exaggerate, I do it 64 times a day, for Buddha's sake! And then I eat almost 144 muffins! After the muffins, I run to the bathroom at 800 miles an hour! Okay, I'm done.

 okay, i'm grown-up. what do i want to be? I'm getting a little sick of my life having so many possibilities. 1. Miracles happen. I get into McGill. -the positive: I have a direction, a justification to continue learning my music trade. Montreal is an amazing city, and I would become fluent in French. -the negative: If this isn't what I want to do, should I waste more money and years in it? 2. I move to New York with Jerry. -the positive: Jerry. New York. All for the sake of..moving to New York. Marisa! Could become respected free lance artist. Could intern for feminist organization, change the world. -the negative: Expensive, I would have to work at something not music related, likely, and not have time to practice trombone. Besides, where would I practice? I've never been to NY, is it wise to move someplace you've never visited first? 3. I get a gig like Chris's in Texas. -the positive: I'll be making money for playing trombone, and I'll be nearby a lot of musical wealth (UNT, etc). I won't have to worry about my cactus and jade hating me because I moved them back to farty weather. Plus, Chris McGann, and Jason if he goes to UNT. Good times! -the negative: Texas. Also a place I have never been, but unlike NY, not a place I have heard wonderful things about. Again, unlike NY or Montreal, I would not be nearby Jerry, and I don't know if I can withstand another year of that. Again, opportunities for other careers (feminism) limited. 4. Summer in Madison, hang out in the fall and apply for spring admission. -the positive: Everything about Madison in the summer. Friends, beer, bike rides. A town I know, love, and that isn't too big I can't figure out what to do with myself on a Friday night. A comfort zone, in other words. -the negative: My crowd is leaving. There will not be the same atmosphere as my undergrad years. Winters suck. Bars suck. Shouldn't I be experiencing new things? 5. Arbitrary city: Portland, Oregon. -the positive: Sounds like a cool place people go to if they want to start over. Lots of punks and hippies and crazy fun stuff to do. Cheap living, and lots of beautiful scenery. -the negative: Again, I've never been there. I'm only interested in it because I read the two page spread in the last issue of Bust and was intrigued. What are the music opportunities there? I'll have no friends from the getgo. Numbers 6, 7, and 8 can be done in any location, and are not completely mutually exclusive within themselves or with the above options. 6. Hans thinks I should be a writer. Sure, I can turn a phrase and spell it correctly, but what kind of story teller am I? I suppose you never know until you try. With writing, I can still be a musician. 7. Become a lifeguard trainer, learn pool management. Jerry might criticize my limited career history, but I say, if you find something you're good at AND enjoy, you shouldn't cross it off the list. Especially when it makes you more money than the average sales job. With this I could be aquatics manager at a community, university, or private pool. I could also become a swim coach. 8. Learn more web development. Whore myself out to companies because they are always looking for web designers. I could combine my feminism with my web skills and work for Ms or FMF or something. My blog would be fantastic and world-famous. With this I could also continue music, or writing, or both, on the side. So there you have it. The directions my life could turn in are endless and confusing. I think I will pursue no. 8 regardless, and 6 is highly likely. Because no. 1 is a longshot, I'm torn between 2 and 3, with 4 lagging, but not too far behind. Please feel free to elucidate any concerns, comments, or advice you feel you might have in this matter, as I'm always looking to add more pros or cons to the list. Well, If I'm going keep music as an option, I'd better go make sure I can still play my trombone, at the very least.

 remember the alamo rental car license number They seriously made a movie about urlLink The Alamo ? I thought...but, wasn't it a bad thing? Slavery? Er? I have done my web research. urlLink This here page says the Alamo is not quite the legend everyone thinks it is (but then, it wouldn't be a legend if it were true, would it?). The urlLink brief history at the urlLink official website of the Alamo reads like a sixth grader's oral presentation. Here's a urlLink timeline of events from the Daughters of the Republic of Texas (sounds like a party if I ever heard one). I don't know about all of you, but I'm a little bit weary of historical events getting blown up into big and heroic embodiments of the "American pursuit of freedom" or whatnot. I know it's human nature to idolize and legendize things, but geez. It's like anything's an excuse to make a sweeping motion picture tear-jerker I love America movie. Actually, I'm tired of those kinds of movies anyway. Miracle comes to mind. Oh yeah, and they're always about men. Men embodying the American pursuit of freedom and showing those dirty foreigners not to mess with Texas, or hockey. Going out and being manly. Other movies don't have to be about America. Like The Last Samurai. Or Dances with Wolves. Oh, yeah and Troy (although I am tempted to see it for the hottie fest it is). It's all such a crock of shit. And it's not like I want to see women in these roles, it's just that I'd like movies to being so inanely patriotic. Can you feel us getting dumber? And yes, I will be exercising my political dollar and not seeing this movie. Or any of the other ones. I can't be any more eloquent on this topic as the sun has fried my brains. But I think you get what I mean: Here we have a historical event that has been blown out of proportion, given a fish eye lens, and allowed some major Hollywood stars to be big brave men. Yippee!! America is great! Coming out in 2169, September 11th starring Kevin Costner's head as George W. Bush and Al Pacino's head as Osama bin Laden! (obligatory Futurama reference) Actually, it probably won't take that long. I predict...oh, 20 years or so. Fred Savage's dramatic acting debut as our beloved pResident.

 employment Arggh. This job is not me. I mean, I guess I can do it. It just takes so much energy and bugging people and self-motivation, that I have discovered that I am the kind of person who needs to have structure. A schedule, a list of duties, and payment for them, by the hour. That said, right now I'm pining away for a lifeguarding job. Water, sun, sitting, bam. All I need. The perfect job. I've called Frog's Club, where I applied earlier, to see if they were still interested in hearing. Left a message. Boo. I have some applications for other pools filled out that I hadn't turned in because I started doing this petitioning shit. Perhaps I will turn those in. Really, it doesn't matter. A steady paycheck. That's all I want. And wearing a bathing suit all day is a bonus. Swimming, bonus. Covered in sunscreen, bonus. Telling people not to run on the pool deck, bonus.

 lubrication urlLink Banana Boat After Sun Lotion , you are my god. Seriously folks, have you tried this stuff? It will take away your sunburn overnight. And leave you with one of those radiant golden tans. But I knew this long ago, so why I am blogging about it just now? Well, I haven't used it in a while, because I ran out this summer at Blue Lake and never replaced it (well, I came home and there was this bottle of Caress in my bathroom, and I thought, what the heck). Lo and behold, my father is using it. My sunburn has succumbed to its allmighty power. Amen. I'm sorry this is like the stupidest blog topic ever (and I'm sorry for apologizing as well), but I'm super tired. Day Two didn't go so hot, owing to the rain and also the locations I chose (people at Home Depot have serious issues, man). Tomorrow I shall hit up Escondido. Haha! You can't hide from me, Escondido! (pun, intended) The plan is to work Sat, Sun, and Monday, and take Tuesday off. That will save me some running around looking for a Kinkos (I have to make copies of people who register Republican, so they can pay me. Heehehe!) at the last minute like I did tonight. You'd be surprised how hard it is to find a Kinkos when you need one. Anyway, the whole point of that paragraph was to tell you that blogging will be light, and likely uninteresting/unsubstantial. You are warned. As a send off note: Things I would like to receive in the mail ASAP!: 1. Natatorium W-2s, so I can do my freakin' taxes! 2. McGill letter, yay, may, or nay 3. Letters from friends 4. Davis' surprise present! OOOOh. I'm excited.

 burninated! So, my first day on the job! It went fairly quickly, and I did well. Not as well as I had hoped, but I owe that to the fact that the guy didn't give me as many petitions to start out with (a trial run, he called it), but I definitely could have filled in more. I did get almost all of them signed (oh, and by the way, my math was terribly wrong yesterday about that. Are you surprised? I'm not ;), and tomorrow I go in to pick up more forms. I registered a handful of voters, met alternately pleasant and crabby-assed people, and got a vicious sunburn on my left arm and neck. (Note to self, don't forget sunscreen!) Get paid on Tuesday. urlLink Margaret Cho is going to be at the March!!! She has a few shows that weekend, but they are all sold out. Still, I can't imagine she'd be in DC and not come support something she's so vocal about. Excited? You bet. Okay, I will hire you to rub lotion onto my poor torture shoulders. Owie!

 i'm not a bum any more, guys! I got a job today. And it was the easiest job getting ever . In the whole history of job getting. All I had to do was sit through an hour's orientation, fill out a W-9, and pick up some forms, and I'm set. The best part is, I'm going to be making bank. Bank , I tell you. (said in Dr Zoidberg voice) And what's my job you ask? Well, I'm a petition circulator. You know those people that sit in front of grocery stores and get signatures to put things on the ballot...well apparently they're not volunteers, and they're making serious dough. For every signature I get, depending on the particular petition, I get anywhere between $1.50-3.50. There's ten spaces on each petition, I have two sheets of seven different petitions, and if I get just one person to fill out all of them, I get $15.50. If I fill out all 140 slots...well, you do the math (psst...it's $2170). Bank! BAAAAAAAAAAANK!!!! And, it's given me the only legitimate reason I can't think of to like the Republican party. For each person I register to vote that checks Republican on their form, I get $1.50. Heee! I can go back and get as many forms as I want, work as long as I want, and get paid twice a week. Also, this all has to be finished in 5 weeks, which would be just about when I'll be making plans to move (wherever that may be), and if I average $500/day (which they said was absolutely reasonable) 5 days a week for 5 weeks, I will have $12,500 to my name (Davis, if 5 never was my lucky number before, it is now). Feasibly, I could just chill this summer, or just travel all over the fuckin' place. Hells yes. Again I say, BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANK!!!!! I start tomorrow. I'm trying to decide where I shall sit. I'm thinking Ralphs, or perhaps the Albertson's over in Carmel Mountain. On Saturday it would be extremely profitable to be at Home Depot, but it doesn't seem to me that they have room in front of their store what with the 2X4s and the palm trees. It seems like it would be a good idea to take a trip north and chill in Temecula or San Clemente, as San Diego is pretty much covered. Hey, the gas'll pay for itself. I like to think of this as a big fundraiser, only I'm the charity and I get to keep the money. So far, the best part of all of it is, I got to make huge ass posterboard signs, and play with sharpies. I love sharpies. When I get my first paycheck, I am going to buy myself urlLink Futurama Vol 1 as a "you rock my world, me" present. And maybe a DVD player while I'm at it. And urlLink this apron , for Jerry. Not to mention, now I can pay for my trip to DC. Oh yeah, and go to Colorado for the Brass Institute. BAAAAAAANK!!!!!

 fighting the battle of who could care less I can't think of anything to blog about. Sorry to those of you who come here for the way I deftly and intelligently handle the issues that face us all in the world today. I promise, I'll be back on top in no time, giving it hard and fast to the haters. Meanwhile, I feel more like being silly and irreverent, or at times charmingly observant about our current version of popular culture. Speaking of popular culture, guess what I'm listening to? That's right, it's Fiona Apple's Tidal . Just basking in the high school, feeling angst-y and mind-numbingly deep all over again. And you'll notice that the title of this blog is a reference to yet another classic CD of my past (chocolate to the first contestant to guess correctly!)...I blame urlLink Erica . Add to that OK Computer (Radiohead), Bringing Down the Horse (The Wallflowers), and Odelay (Beck) and you've got a recipe for young, spunky, and carefree Lauren dancing about while eating yogurt. Ah, high school. God bless you. Maybe that's why I want to go punk again. Not even 23 and I'm reclaiming my lost youth. Too bad I'm stuck here in this youth-forsaken place, making myself Baileys Hot Chocolate and watching reruns of the Cosby Show.

 book update It's going back. I'm only halfway. I flipped through the last couple of pages and failed to arouse myself into any sort of concern for the characters. An utter and complete lack of desire to care. Felt by me. Some other time then, Mr Bellow, when you've decided to be interesting. In the meantime, I have decided not to check out any more books (although I might change my mind when I get to library), but instead, I will practice my trombone whenever I feel the desire to read. Therefore, I will begin to acquaint practicizing with the enjoyment I get out of reading, and thus, get better. Sure, I've had a lot of cockneyed schemes, over the years, to get myself to practice more, but this one'll work I can feel it! (Totally sarcasm there, just to warn you) Truly though, I should practice. I'll never be able to decide if I want to keep playing if I don't actually do it. Plus, the longer I sit on my metaphorical non-practicing ass, the more out of shape my chops will be and thus it will exponentially be less fun to play. Case in point, my lower lip is having a freak-out session right now (you know, a muscle spasm), and it's likely because I played for about an hour today (and that's a hour longer than every other day). It's mad. Muscles get mad at you when you do stupid shit like that. They are not to be trifled with. Apparently I did get one thing out of attempting to read More Die of Heartbreak. Inspiration to not read, and work harder at my chosen profession. Not a bad trade, eh?

 what's that you say, realone player? I am frequently amused by the genre classifications RealOne player will give music (ex: Johnny Cash has been labeled "Outlaw Country"). But I'm more than a little baffled by this bit of music trivia that popped up while it was playing "Shrove-tide Fair" from Stravinsky's Petrushka : "Stravinsky's music evolved to encompass every major movement of the twentieth century. Sexy." The first statement is technically correct. Sexy? To me it reads like, "*intellectual sounding woman's voice-over* Stravinsky's music evolved to encompass every major movement of the twentieth century. *switch to husky voice* Oooh, that makes RealOne player sooo hot. I've been eyeing your newest 12-tone composition all night and it's driving me insane with desire. How about you and I go up to my place for a coffee? (but I don't drink coffee) I haven't got any. *later* Stravinsky you naughty, naughty Russian you, take me now, make my equalizer quiver with delight!" It's just that...I think you've got the wrong man, RealOne Player. I think you want Ravel. Or Bernstein. Think about it. Petrushka's an ugly puppet. Sure, it has its sexy bits, but um...no. I suggest giving Fancy Free a try. That always gets my motor going.

 coal miner's ewan Really, there is no movie more suited to Laurendom than urlLink Brassed Off (there were better links than this one, but I want you to look carefully at the URL and you'll see why I chose it. Top 'alf only, ya know). It shines in all of the necessary categories to make it a genuine winner: 1. Use of musical instruments/themes: A+++ a. (sub category)Brass instruments, heavy feature of trombone: BONUS! b. Musician jokes ("She blows flugel like a dream" "Really Danny, at your age"): BONUS! 2. Ewan McGregor: A++++++++++ (++) 3. English accents: A+ 4. Strong political themes: A++ Truth be told, however, I would like it just on the basis of this dialogue alone, which I consider to be the best pickup line in the history of film: Gloria (Tara Fitzgerald): Would you like to come up for a coffee? Andy (My baby's daddy): I don't drink coffee... Gloria: I haven't got any. However, I would just like to point out that, although it appears that most of the actors took a few brass lessons and had some idea of how to play their instruments, the conductors were terrible! Pete and Jim, I'm ashamed of you. Only choir directors conduct like that. Not a legitimate pattern! Not a legitimate pattern!! AAACK! (Beverly Taylor flashbacks, no, *sob* please, no, stop the madness!) Well I'll be off then. Ta-ra!

 curl up and dye I want to grow my hair out to look like urlLink this. I don't think it'll take too long, maybe two months or so. Just in time to be extra hot for summer. And while I'm on the Franka Potente kick (and she's darn well worth it), maybe a little urlLink Lola red is in order. Or purple. At any rate, I'm feeling the urge to go punk again, especially since it doesn't seem apparent that I'll have to be "graduate student professional" any time soon. Live while you can, eh?

 birthday greetings go out today to my dear old friend Daniel Wheatfall, aka Spike aka Dan Dan the Mute Man. wOOt! I still have that card, when I was number 2 on your list. Boy, did I get mine! ;)

 "i can't read"--ralphie I am struggling so hard to finish urlLink More Die of Heartbreak by Saul Bellow. Jay-sus, it's driving me crazy from boredom. I'd rather play Pairs II on my cellphone (and I do). So, why not stop torturing myself and just put it down? Truthfully, though, it's not entirely boring. It's got some action, sort of. In fact it reads as one long stream of consciousness from the point of the narrator, and I get it, it's not hard to understand. It's just so bloody long, for such a simple storyline, not as bad as Ulysses (which I also had to force myself to finish) perhaps, but bad enough. I feel like I should give it the benefit of the doubt, and maybe it'll get interesting or at least life-affirming. At any rate, it's due back at the library on Tuesday. If I haven't managed to get past the 2/3 mark by then or if it suddenly becomes the best thing I've ever read (whichever comes first), I will return it and check out something more enjoyable. Like the concise military history of Tangiers, for example.

 dammit i burned the popcorn!! Lazy me, I have all the ingredients for a supposedly delicious stew, and I just can't get up the urge to put them all together. And I do this every night. Soon, my cabbage will go bad, the tomatoes are already sketch (that's okay, I don't have to use them...eww, tomatoes!), the potatoes will start growing, and my bell pepper will rot. First night I was going to make it I found that my mom had eaten the potatoes. Two nights ago I went to make it and I couldn't find my ginger root. Today, my mom found it, sitting in a puddle of peach iced tea that was leaking out of the container. Now all the ingredients are present but...eh. Yes. I feel eh about cooking. Maybe tomorrow. Tomorrow will be the absolute last day I can use that cabbage. The thing is, I selected this recipe because I used cabbage for another stew and I didn't want the rest of it to go to waste. Looks like I'm just a loser. Passing the time until I go party with urlLink Blather , which is the band belonging to Chappie, Haber, Dave, and this guy Julien that I met once (kinda cute, eh?). I'm supposed to be totally hard at work on horn charts for them. So, just sitting, eatin' my half-burnt popcorn, laughing (sadly) at my dog, who can't control his hindlegs anymore while walking on slick surfaces and just crashed majorly on the plastic beside the computer chair. Poor Chipper. He's not long for this world, so I try to spend as much time as I can stand his bad breath giving him some attention. While I brush my teeth and tart myself up, here's the first 10 songs to play at random on my realone player for your enjoyment of my impeccable musical tastes: 1. Bilal-Soul Sista (Shakin' the boot-ay) 2. Brad Melhdau-London Blues (This guy sounds just like Dave Brubeck, Jerry!*sarcasm*) 3. Ruben Gonzales-Tumbao (Ruben is the cutest old man, ever ) 4. Youngblood Brass Band-Culture: Envy: War (Ain't no party like a YB party. Seriously.) 5. Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds- Crow Jane (This CD scares me. Moving on) 6. Sergei Prokofiev/Issac Stern/Philadelphia-Violin Concerto No 1 Mvt 1 Andantino (pretty, but too long. Let's skip to...) 7. Beck-Debra ( Yes!! Going out to the Billings Point girls, I said ladies, step inside my Hyundai) 8. Modest Mussorgsky/Philharmonia Orchestra-Pictures at an Exhibition Promenade/Il Vecchio Castillo (Orchestral literature's best saxophone solo) 9. Ben Folds Five-Underground (I was never cool in school either, Ben. Let's rock!!) 10. Joni Mitchell-Morning Morgantown (let's take in down a knotch. Everyone sway with me!)

 dear sweet buddha in nirvana Don't hit me. I have that Britney Spears song, "Toxic," (I won't link to it, because I'm afraid of the repercussions) stuck in my head. And the thing is, I'm enjoying it. Even with that cliched Indian riff. It makes me want to dance nasty.

 and the competition narrows further I got a thin little envelope from Michigan today. Thin is bad. Okay! So, that leaves McGill to be heard from, and honestly, I'd be very very surprised if I got in there. Very. Doncha think it'd be nice if the schools would pay you back for all the money spent applying, traveling, and auditioning if they decided they didn't want you? Man, I could use that $75 app fee back. Seriously.

 urlLink the friday five If you... 1. ...owned a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve? I would open a 24 hour breakfast place on State Street (or nearby) in Madison, WI. How many times have you wanted breakfast, dear Badgers, but Sunroom was no longer serving and Cleveland's was oh-so-far-away? Also, because sometimes you just gotta have breakfast for dinner. You just gotta. (Although, that place in Montreal was sketch-definitely sketch) 2. ...owned a small store, what kind of merchandise would you sell? Feminist bookstore, all the way. 3. ...wrote a book, what genre would it be? Likely non-fiction, some sort of analysis or thesis-y type thing. Although, I would write science fiction in a heartbeat if I could come up with some cool ideas. 4. ...ran a school, what would you teach? I've toyed with the idea of a feminist-inspired school (co-ed) that would be based on principles of equality, etc. More discussion-run classrooms, proper sex ed, co-ed sports, hands-on stuff, real history lessons with emphasis on societal factors (racism, sexism, etc) that make history the way it is, etc. My music program would include a solid ear-training technique, conducting skills, composition, musicology, etc. Conservatory-like. 5. ...recorded an album, what kind of music would be on it? My totally kick-ass brass quintet, playing classics, arrangements a la urlLink Rhythm and Brass , and my David Bowie Fame-Golden Years-Fashion medley. On a totally unrelated note, I had Futurama dreams last night. I was Leela, and Fry and I finally got together. It was very sweet and I woke up all warm and fuzzy. I must say I don't think I've ever dreamed in cartoon before. I highly recommend it.

 exciting news, everyone!! Last night I made it to Level 4 ("Labyrinth Zone") of Sonic the Hedgehog!!! Of course, some of you who are not aware of the legendary Sega machine that is in my possession are like "Wha?" because you beat that game back when you were thirteen and moved on to better and brighter gaming systems. Well, I stopped (and began, for that matter) with my Sega, which I saved up the money to buy, and for which I have 5 games (two of them given to me by Jerry last year). I have beaten only one of them, and that is The Lion King. I had the help of one Ms. Sarah Morgan, and we celebrated joyously after tossing Scar over the cliff and taking our rightful place in the Circle of Life. Twas a beauteous day. On Sonic I could never get past the second act of the second level. When I finally did (last year, aged 21), I died consistently when the guy, at the end, that you have to fight, would spike me. I can't even remember his name, if indeed I ever knew it. Well, last night I beat that sucka into the mofuckin' ground! I blew his shit up! Yeah! Oh wait, I have to do it again at the end of the next level. Fuck. The Labyrinth level is a happy little place with drill-nosed bear creatures and underwater adventures. Sonic makes a cute little sound when he gets air from the air bubbles. The music is even more delightfully 80s than the previous levels. All in all, an enjoyable time. And, you'll be happy to note, I am well on my way to defeating this level as well (I made it nearly to the end of act three with the fighting and the devilish guy before a trident killed me because I had no rings--that happens often, the lack of rings), so I will notify you of my entry into level five and the pleasures hidden therein. Also, if anyone could please tell me just how many levels there are, I'd be grateful.

 creativity I may have gotten myself in trouble last night when I told Hans that I've written some beat poetry. He demanded to read it, and I was hard pressed to find any I'd written that were any good in the slightest, as opposed to silly little pieces of girly fancy. Not to say that there is anything wrong with girly fancy, as in this brave new world of feminism we are supposed to support all things created by girl, but well, anyway, they're shit. Considering I have this blog, and I update it daily (sometimes with serious, thought-provoking pieces, other times not so much), you would think that I like people to read what I write. Here's the deal: no. Not always. Blogging here has made me feel a little more comfortable with sharing my ideas to the world, but only because it forces me to post, edit, reread, edit, and then sit and bear the weight of your criticism (and man, you guys should really just lay off, jeez) without the blind cowardice of, say, handing in a term paper without asking for advice, proofreading, or even making any major revisions myself. Part of this stems from my arrogance that I am, really (and Hans, you haven't help this), a competent and intelligent author. Lots of work is to be done, naturally. Thankfully, I no longer end papers with some sort of all-emcompassing, awe-inspiring, beautiful sentiment as I used to when proper construction of essays was being drilled into my head (that hourglass figure of introductions and conclusions, start big, narrow down, pan out to the big picture again at the end). I would share, but, unfortunately (awww), I have no papers handy. However, when it comes down to poetry, or any kind of expression that doesn't draw on my stronger powers of analysis and criticism, I feel extremely intimidated by the outside gaze. To get over this, I must practice. *ahem* *drums bongos* You, world. Big wide and angry Full of information technology bright lights and jabbering mouths not listening to the soulful tune of a quiet night I feel your self-importance when I go to a bookstore And stare at all the books that I'll never have time to read Not in a million years Everyone's got an opinion A rushing gaping mind that longs to fill the void To get fifteen minutes To shoot Andy Warhol To Drown Out the Sorrows And who's to say you aren't worth it? Me? That's a laugh. "et tu, Brute" your best friend conspires You've got dark thoughts dark hearts and dark towers Hidden away is that thing you'd really really really Like to do, poor little lost soul. A few of my favorite things can't compare to the struggles and desires of billions of people wandering the streets of this earth thinking what is the meaning what the purpose where is my family how will i feed them when will they notice am i a star do i look good am i the boss of me where is my paycheck does he love me is she cheating what shall i read next when shall i write it do i need to diet am i overweight will i pay extra for that airplane seat am i gay am i a woman or a man do i have aids or cancer or high blood pressure or will i live to see tomorrow when will it end what bomb will destroy me what fatal coup what intense hunger what is the purpose what is the meaning...of this? You can't stop the flood It just keeps flowing over and over the bodies of us The meaning of us time strips away and leaves nothing It's only a game anyway, survival of the fittest or smartest or quickest you've got to learn. Keep up with times or don't you Pr/lay for the team or don't you Fight for your rights or don't you Don't you care? Make the most of what's living and dying hugs and laughter tears and sorrow do what you want it's ALL tomorrow there is no chance to stop and think you'd better just do it. While you can. Love for the children who grow up and learn from us understanding that death is a tool for control for power for bombs for oil. You can save their lives but what thoughts do you put in their heads with your wars and Enrons. My american dream is something much softer something more satisfying unique and undying It's not kids and a house in the 'burbs It's not riches and rides and bitches It's not total control of a wounded populace It's not that. none of that. But I can't tell you what it is because I don't know. But still I say, you do what you want. You do it now Your personal freedom isn't a matter of dispute. As long as you are not gay or female or a person of color or poor. Have you taken drugs? You're off the list too. Your personal freedom Is on the line. Someone else is making the decisions, the big bucks And then hypocritically abusing every rule they've made. But still, do what you want! They say, damn the man. Invent your all-purpose kitchen gizmo, write your pop song, go ahead even, write that book. I'll read it.

 to do today - wash car and remove rat nests from engine (poor ED is so dirty!) (not any longer she's not!) - clean closets and drawers of things to donate (an added plus: vacuumed floor!!) - transport pants/skirts/shorts etc. from broken drawers to new temporary plastic dresser (am now wondering what to do with broken drawers) - clean bathroom (a definite 10 on the "ewww" factor right now) -obtain large boxes from Ralphs for donation items -practice? (only a little) -celebrate mo'fuckin St Patty's day!! Speaking of Ralphs, how did I miss that the grocery strike ended? No one told me!! Whatever, I'm still shopping at Henry's. The only reason I'll go to Ralphs now is probably for OJ, because Henry's...eh, not so hot. Today's Recommended Listening: Dvorak String Quartet No 12 in F major. So pretty! It makes me wish I were a hearty peasant lass doing a jig with robust and handsome young Lars from the farm down the road. Lots of beer involved. Time to get to work!

 fun with the internet part 3, or 4, whatever urlLink Googlism will tell you what Google thinks of you. Or something. I have culled the best from my complete results: lauren is the shit (damn straight!) lauren is the new freddie (Huh?) lauren is my wife (whosit? who's wife? what?) lauren is? (so deep, that one) lauren is wonderful and so is her webpage (a fan!) lauren is a registered us trademark (I am my own woman) lauren is getting tubes in her ears monday (I had tubes..but, a long time ago) lauren is quiet but effective (yes) lauren is the biology department's education coordinator and makes sure that the biology students are proceeding smoothly through the program (what can i say, I have many talents) lauren is the new freddie by myles palmer (oh...wait, Huh?) lauren is the center of attention on the couch (always) lauren is fashion (I agree) lauren is a 12 times australian national taekwondo champion and has competed internationally for over 7 years (I kid you not! I can break your nose with my vertical kick) lauren is an experienced escort who up to now has been working for a escort agency in the north east (shit, secret's out) lauren is accused of teaching cannibalism to her american history class (I never!) lauren is back in nyc where she performed all new original songs with a bit of a new echosound at the sidewalk cafe on june 8 (see next...) lauren is already being compared to joni mitchell and tori amos (I am so cool!) lauren is far from being a frail 74 year old (so true!) lauren is a fairly attractive woman who adopts a businesslike expression and countenance while working (yes, go on) lauren is no stranger to the smooth jazz circuit (NOOOOOOO) lauren is phideaux's highest scored daughter (I was the high school slut) lauren is a member of sigma alpha iota (whoa! that might actually be me) lauren is a hot satin bikini (rrrowr) lauren is $150 (no, I charge much more than that...) lauren is an average girl living in southern california (wOOt) lauren is kim dearrillaga's third golden pup to raise for canine companions for independence (hehe) lauren is a teletubby (the gay one?) and...my favorite: lauren is a crisp blend of fresh citrus (hurray!) Back to your regularly scheduled programming.

 it's a radiohead kind of day The kind where you just lie on the floor, staring at the ceiling, while OK Computer is washing over you in thick electronic goodness. Skipping Fitter, Happier, of course. I've also decided that, until they fall off me, I will not take off my rainbow pants. This is, understandably, not a reasonable option, as there are some situations (be it extreme heat, job interviews, or concert-dress settings) that require me to wear something else on my lower regions. I just want you to know that I won't be happy about it, because my rainbow pants kick ass and take names. Despite their sweatpants-esque material and waistband, they are bellbottomy and make my ass look hot. The rainbow stripes, of course, top off the whole ensemble. Forever I will hold Most Holy the day I bought them for under $10 at urlLink Ragstock . My desires to loll about in rainbow pants and awash my aural sensors in Radiohead (barring Kid A, because it always brings back shitty memories) are just side effects of my general "blah" feeling right now. "Blah" to just about everything, including my dirty car, my dirty bathroom, my clothes all over the floor, my trombone, reading books, surfing the internet, exercise, masturbation, and even, I am sorry to say, Buddha Stew. "Blah" to everything in this world except sleep and mind-numbing TV programs. It is very sad that I feel burnt-out, because I really do nothing. Nothing at all, that requires me to be stressed, challenged intellectually, or otherwise bothered. Nothing. Just me, chilling. Blah.

 urlLink on this day in history Soothsayer . Caesar! Caesar. Ha! Who calls? Casca .Bid every noise be still; peace yet again! Caesar . Who is it in the press that calls on me? I hear a tongue, shriller than music, Cry, 'Caesar.' Speak; Caesar is turned to hear. Soothsayer . Beware the ides of March. Caesar . What man is that? Brutus . A soothsayer bids you beware the ides of March. Caesar . Set him before me; let me see his face. Cassius . Fellow, come from the throng; look upon Caesar. Caesar . What say'st thou to me now? Speak once again. Soothsayer . Beware the ides of March. Caesar . He is a dreamer; let us leave him. Pass. From Act I Scene II, Julius Caesar by Wm. Shakespeare 44 B.C. Gaius Julius Caesar, dictator of Rome, is stabbed to death in the Roman Senate house by 60 conspirators led by Marcus Junius Brutus and Gaius Cassius Longinus. 1820 Maine enters the Union As part of the Missouri Compromise between the North and the South, Maine is admitted into the Union as the 23rd state. Administered as a province of Massachusetts since 1647, the entrance of Maine as a free state was agreed to by Southern senators in exchange for the entrance of Missouri as a slave state. 1917 Czar Nicholas II abdicates During the February Revolution, Czar Nicholas II, ruler of Russia since 1894, is forced to abdicate the throne by the Petrograd insurgents, and a provincial government is installed in his place. urlLink births Ruth Bader Ginsburg (1933- ) Supreme Court justice; born in New York City; the second woman (after Sandra Day O'Connor) to sit on the nation's highest court. Fabio (1961 - ) Sly Stone (1944 - ) Harry James (1916 - 1983) Jazz trumpeter, born in Albany, Georgia, USA. Buddha Stew (2001- ) Weblog, located at www.salamandastron.blogspot.com, maintained by proprietress Lauren A Husting, then university student and aspiring trombonist. Originally for use as public journal, Buddha Stew has evolved into a mix of personal stories, political commentary, and feminist rhetoric. Happy Birthday, Buddha Stew!!! I'm very proud of you. Here's to another three years!

 in/significance here it is, this blank blogger page for me to full with words. the thing is, i feel my head is just as muddled and uncertain as my life is, and i can't seem to find a place to start. i'm not settling. i can't decide what i want to be when i grow up. if it were biologically possibly, i would be a tree, my aspiration at age 3. being a tree would be fun. being an ent would be fucken rad. hroom hrroom! the fact is, i can't be a tree. i have no inclination to be a doctor, lawyer, veterinarian, actor, scientist, or politician. a degree in music performance, trombone emphasis, suggests that maybe i should be a musician. hm. yeah i'm not so sure about that one, guys. kinda bumming on the whole musician thing. i haven't practiced since i got back from canada. and i'm not missing it at all. if i had other source of income, i might not be going to coach at all. i'm a musical liability. but what else would i do? i can't get excited about any of the options america offers to me as a means of gainful employment. but maybe i wouldn't mind being a lifeguard forever. yeah, i could do that. maybe i'd graduate to head guard, and then aquatics supervisor. everyone needs lifeguards. and hey, i'm good at it. maybe better at it than anything else i do. the broken sentences are coming at you fast and hard because i can't seem to keep a thought flowing in my head long enough to sponsor another one that deserves to be in the same sentence. i feel broken thoughts, thus, broken sentences. i'm feeling down because it's the american dream, hammered into my head since childhood saying ambitions, horatio alger, 2.5 children, pursuit of happiness, that i can't accept. that i don't want the american dream. no kids or a house in the suburbs for me. i don't need loads and loads of money that i would feel compelled to give away. it's ambition i don't have. i'm not striving for anything. except... no, i do want happiness. contentment. peace. what would be the consequences of me becoming a buddhist nun? i think i would enjoy it. much like being a tree, it suggests quietude, calmness, quiessence. it's true, there are things i want to do. i experienced a bit of nostalgia for the music world today when thinking about pit orchestras (maybe not everyone's favorite memory), but i can't find it now. it's a mood, it'll pass. all the good stuff, all the dreams and desires are buried under the doubts and anxieties. and the dullness most of all. it all comes from how sluggish, uninspired, and lonely i feel. not the "go-getter" i was, rather, my go's on the get. Just floatin' getting by. waiting for the stream to pick me up again and take me down the rapids. no excitement here. move along, folks.

 fahmer's mahket Yesterday I had meant to go to the RB Farmer's Market to buy a bouquet of flowers for my mom and some of that delicious wonderful exquisite heavenly salsa (yes folks, it's that good). However, at 3 pm, when I actually remembered I had intended to go, it was too late. So, it being my mom's day off, I took her to the one in Poway, which worked out, as she paid for everything. The salsa lady was not there, unfortunately, but there was a hummus man. And he was cute. At least, I got some sort of culturally significant dipping sauce. I am content. We ended up with two bouquets-one of daffodils (my second favorite!) and the other an assorted mix of stargazer lilies (reminds me of Jerry, happy), roses, cosmos and daisies. And...hallelujah...it's strawberry season. I am doing the Toyota jump right now- because I love what you do for me, strawberries. Before we headed home we made a stop at a nursery to pick up some herbs so that I will not have to keep buying huge bunches of things like cilantro and parsley and having most of it go bad because I only need like one stalk of it. I feel very very very bad when that happens. Very. Thus, it would be more efficient and better for my general happiness if I started to grow herbs. We got two kinds of parsley, italian and the regular old tooth-cleaning kind, cilantro, thyme, rosemary, garlic cloves, sweet basil, and sweet marjoram (how do you say it? my mom says "marajam" but me, I learned to read phonetically so I'm doubtful of this). Dug up one of our side gardens and planted them with hopes that they will flourish and cheapen my weekly visits to Henry's. Huzzah! Weekends kill me. Especially when I'm looking for a job and have to wait two whole days before I can pester managers again to hire me, meanwhile my bank account threatens to die of asphyxia. Holding out on the airlines to lower prices on flights to DC next month makes me nervous, but I'm giving it one more week...Davis, what's your decision? Today I'm meeting Cara, who commented back on my post about IWD hoping to have someone to travel with to the March. We're going to split the cost of a hotel, which is perfect. Speaking of which...time to wipe the garden dirt from my face and get spiffied up.

 what's in a name? I've been toying with the idea of changing my AIM name. While llamas remain fascinating and cooler than most animals, I've outgrown that phase of my life (the obsession-that-defines-me-as-unique-and-special mentality) and it's time to change and reflect more who I've become. Sure, it's just an IM name. But admittedly I have an ongoing quest for self-expression that requires me to put thought into the tags that describe me. Buddha Stew is a perfect name for my website and I couldn't be prouder of it (although what it has come to mean for me was unintentional in the beginning), but it's not really a description of me per se but of the things I put out into the world for mass consumption. The trick is to find a screenname that describes me, but yet doesn't limit my description to a narrow category, such as llamas. [I predicted that raising this discussion with Jerry would lead to him suggesting a screenname for me that contained in some form the word "poopy." I know my Jerry. The following is a transcript of the pertinent aspect of our conversation: Llama721: thinking about maybe changing my IM name Skrtch4brkf: ooo Skrtch4brkf: to what Llama721: hmm Skrtch4brkf: pooperdoodoos I rest my case.] Before my present incarnation as Llama721, my screen name was the Les Miserables-inspired "Enjolrasse," a feminization of the character Enjolras, leader of the student revolutionaries. At the time I was mad about Les Miz, having seen in London on my 17th birthday. I spent a great deal of time on the official chat board making up fanfiction and being a general dork (however, I am grateful to my general dorkiness for making me a friend of urlLink Hans who retains his Les Miz screenname). I was one of those LM fans that scorned the tweenagers for their variations on Eponine nicknames and their numerous grammatically incorrect exploits into how much Cosette sucked, they loved Marius, and Eponine deserved him more. I, however, chose to be a little in love with Enjolras, but more so I wanted to be him, because I thought he was fuckin' rad. Hence, "Enjolrasse." Now that I think about it, it still holds some significance. I'm all girl power human rights activist now, why not? Also, it lacks numbers, a plus. Part of me is a little cautious about switching names just now though. I'm at a crossroads; I can't honestly say that I feel defined by my trombone as much as I used to, but I can't replace that drive with anything else just yet. I'm floating around in an eddy just waiting to join the stream again. So, do I forge ahead and remain Llama721, or backtrack and claim my Enjolrasse roots? How about an entirely new name, like bodhisattva or pooperdoodoos? Feel free to vote on this important issue. Likely I'll think about, get distracted by something else, and forget about, thus solving my problem. Really, I only talk to...maybe five people out of 47 on a regular basis. Probably the same five people who read my webpage.

 what the...? urlLink Prepare to be baffled. Either he's been watching too much urlLink Monk or he's got some sort of Mad King George complex. Is his pee black? [Link via urlLink The Republic of T ] Also, I admired Gavin Newsome before but after reading urlLink this article in the urlLink U-T today he's my new hero. And he's got San Diego pegged, unfortunately: Even if he was interested in replacing Feinstein some day, he says, that would mean seeking votes in more politically conservative areas such as San Diego County. And right now, "I imagine in San Diego I may not be the most favored person." Yeah, probably not. I love ya, Gavin!

 getcha thinking Some insight into your head today at urlLink Alas, a Blog . In brief, PinkDreamPoppies is exploring the ways we read and hear voices in our head corresponding to either knowing the gender of the speaker or making an assumption based on what is written. An example: When most people read they hear the written words spoken in their minds. A disembodied vocal of authors, narrators, and characters fills their minds' ear acting out plays and essays, novels and poems. Blogs are composed with words and so are no exception to the rule, so chances are that you're hearing a voice right now. Sometimes the voices that readers hear are the voices of actual people. Mothers speak with familiar tones in letters to their children, and stories traded between friends are still heard as though over the phone even if read alone in silence. Some actors, even, can take over a character so that no matter what voice readers may have heard before they cannot help but hear the actor's now. How many Harry Potter fans will always hear Alan Rickman when they read Severus Snape? How long with Lawrence Olivier be Hamlet? Usually, though, the voices people hear are new, unique, and private. Each reader hears his or her own version of a character's voice that is created from the reader's perception of the character's gender, age, race, ethnicity, personality, history, and personal appearance and how these things interact to create a whole person. These perceptions on the part of the reader can be the difference between a sympathetic character and one the reader hopes gets side-swiped by a bus. Everyone bring prejudices to the table while reading; people will inflict their views of blacks and whites and Hispanics or men and women or the rich and the poor on the characters. Honestly, this has really got me thinking. It's made me focus on how I read and understand what's in front of me, and I'm still a little baffled as to how I hear things in my head. I'd like to think I read, regardless of gender, pretty fairly and giving the author the benefit of the doubt. Since I commented on the post in question, I've changed my mind. There, I said that I was consciously aware of how I interpreted the other commenters based on the apparent gender of their name. In retrospect, I've discovered it takes a genuine effort for me to truly hear a gendered voice in my head; even when reading someone whose speaking voice I am accustomed to, such as Jerry, I have a hard time imagining his voice to go along with it. It is not that I can't remember the sound of his voice, but rather that the two, his writing style and his speaking style, are disconnected in my brain. I can bring to mind something Jerry has said to me and hear it in his voice, but it is not so with his writing. On IM, when speaking to a close friend, the same is true, although it's easier to bring their voices to mind. It might have something to do with the person: Jason's voice I can easily bring to mind, and Sheena's, but with Val I have a harder time. This is arbitrary, I'm not sure why it works that way. In any case I think I might be a bit of an exception to the rule. Since learning to read, I can't remember a time when I didn't have a book in hand, and my early social development was slow and rather intellectual. This didn't always go over well with girls and boys my age, and as a consequence I became less sure of my social ability, retired to my books, bam, vicious cycle. Even today, when I have become more sure of myself and my speaking abilities, I have trouble relating or carrying on a conversation with people whose social development has focused more on vocal communication. But, I can't deny that knowing the gender, race, or sexual orientation of an author will affect my perception of that person. Fortunately, I've developed a modicum of fairness in my own thoughts in regards to race and gender and so on to not so much as judge said person for their background as look at them as having a unique perspective on the matter at hand. This has taken loads of work, overcoming whatever socialization I've had about blacks, hispanics, gay men, literary women, etc., to the point where I definitely favor and agree more with, say, a black woman talking about the effects of racism than a white, scholarly type (man or woman) using the same topic. Of course, that's to say that experience is just as valid, or more so, than research and statistics. As far as reading a novel goes, unless the author gives a detailed description of the character I have to build scenery and appearance in my own mind before I can give that person a voice. For me, it always starts with the visual and then goes to the aural. This might tie into my struggles with ear training and playing by ear in music; unless I can see it and play with it visually, I have trouble immediately recognizing certain pitches and so on. Not to say that I can't learn to do these things-I have some varied history of actually being good at sightsinging or dictation, but these occurred when I was actively working and concentrating almost solely on aural skills. I think that's why I did so poorly in theory- I had a hard time switching back and forth between the analytical and intellectual aspects of Hyer (bleh) and the brief episodes of ear training that were thrown inbetween without a firm aural base to begin with. Which just goes to show you, I'm no good at multi-tasking mentally. Can't be sitting here blogging all day either, and then expect to do math with any kind of accuracy. Blog everything in my head when I don't have a social life of any equal measure to the time I spend on the internet. Nerd. Hmm, I realize that PDP's post was much more thought-provoking and all. It's more of a stream-of-consciousness here. Said in my head, of course, in my own beautiful voice which I realize sounds nothing at all like my actual speaking voice. Which when played back for me, is annoying and squeaky. Naturally, everyone hates their own voice, yeah? You never sound like you really want to. But that's a post for another time.

 bodhicitta on the brain In a recent post, I got a little angry and frustrated with our (p)Resident. Davis, rightly, pointed out that it's easy to use one person as a scapegoat when they might represent the views of many people who are equally ignorant. Nevertheless, these people have a say in governmental policies and their representative owes it to them to understand their ideas. The past couple of days, I have been examining my anger toward Bush and how it fits in with my buddhist leanings. The idea of bodhicitta, the ultimate in compassion, the very essence of which is needed to attain perfect buddhahood, has come to my mind frequently. With bodhicitta, a bodhisattva (one who is destined to become a Buddha) must look at the world and wish not to achieve enlightenment for his or her own sake, but for the cessation of suffering of all people. The first step to attaining this calling is to begin to see all beings as having been one's mother. In a buddhist world, we have more past lives than there are grains of sand in the Ganges. Thus, when we look at the people in our lives, hell, even the ants and birds and lemurs, we see souls that have been any myriad of things, the mother of our then-incarnation included. A mother is the ultimate in kindness and unselfishness, and therefore we must love everyone as we love our mother. [Let's ignore for the time being this idealization of motherhood and save the feminist analysis for another time. In cases where one has not known the kindness of a mother, one is encouraged to bring to mind a being who has in some way shown them great compassion and love.] Simple enough. The trick is in the remaining six steps to Buddhahood. Second, you must find within yourself the urge to repay this kindness your "mother" has bestowed upon you, which is followed by the intense feeling of love, a desire to make that person happy. Happiness, it follows, is freedom from suffering and thus in the fourth step you develop compassion for your subjects. If you have compassion for all beings, you have "intense intention" which leads to bodhicitta, the awakening mind. Step up on up to be the next Buddha. It's all you, baby. Professor Dunne would share the following story to describe to us the essence of bodhicitta: The monk Asanga was traveling one day when he came across a worm-ridden dog, still alive, lying on the roadside. Feeling intense compassion for the plight of this dog, he carefully removed the worms and cared for the dog's wounds. As he was doing so, he realized that he must care for the worms as well, whose sustenance had just been removed from them. Therefore, he took a knife and cut from his leg a long strip of flesh and placed the maggots on it so they could eat. In fact, the dog was a form of the bodhisattva Maitreya, who was putting this challenge to Asanga to demonstrate compassion. Buddhists teachers, the Dalai Lama included, teach that one seeking compassion should treasure those in our lives who make things difficult, because without this struggle we would not truly begin to see all beings with equanimity and love. In other words, it's easy enough to be kind and helpful if everyone you meet is a peach to live with. It is the true troublemakers that will help us attain bodhicitta. Thus, it is my challenge to find compassion for the people in my life who aggravate me. My father, for one. Is he a bodhisattva in disguise, urging me to find the wellspring of love I desire? Bush, for another, which is hard and complicated, because in his own right he is harming many people. From today's Daily Wisdom by the Dalai Lama: According to the Latin root of the word, "religion" would mean "to bind again." Now how does the concept of binding or tying up come to be applied as the common term for all our various teachings? The common enemy of all religious disciplines, the target of all moral precepts laid down by the great teachers of mankind, is selfishness of mind. For it is just this which causes ignorance, anger, and passion--which are at the root of all the troubles of the world." My attraction for buddhism comes from this simple idea of compassion and the cessation of suffering for all people. If one understands it properly, it is impossible to make an action that is founded on what one sees is best or most fit for other people. Instead, one looks at the consequences of suffering in situations as drastic as war or embargo, as sweeping as intolerance and ignorance, and as mundane as gossip or backstabbing. Thus, Bush's actions are to me rooted in great selfishness parading as unselfishness, the most dangerous kind. I would love to see him awakened and enlightened as to the nature of suffering, surrounding by buddhist monks filled with love and energy. For now, I must work on seeing him as my mother.

 your afternoon assignment If you want a taste of some truly disturbing right-wing thinking, take a look at urlLink this column , via urlLink Feministe . (Also, it appears that Ms Lauren has been invaded by a particularly hateful little man with a Dixieland band. Neat.) If you can get through the Card column, I salute you, and will bake you a cake of your choosing (I get to have some, because I sat through it too). If I were to thoroughly critique this particular piece of shit, it would take me days. Therefore, I am just going to make fun of it. This quote is fun, because it's so sad: In the first place, no law in any state in the United States now or ever has forbidden homosexuals to marry. The law has never asked that a man prove his heterosexuality in order to marry a woman, or a woman hers in order to marry a man. Any homosexual man who can persuade a woman to take him as her husband can avail himself of all the rights of husbandhood under the law. And, in fact, many homosexual men have done precisely that, without any legal prejudice at all. Yes! Finally, someone who understands that obviously it's not the person you're marrying that's important, but rather the very act of getting married and reaping the tax benefits. I would like to see some hard evidence for this: And yet, throughout the history of human society -- even in societies that tolerated relatively open homosexuality at some stages of life -- it was always expected that children would be born into and raised by families consisting of a father and mother. Somehow I think that can be refuted. God Forbid!: We also expect our spouse to behave, as a parent, in the way we have learned to expect from the experiences we had with our opposite-sex parent -- that's why so many men seem to marry women just like their mother, and so many women to marry men just like their father. It takes conscious effort to break away from this pattern. Were I to marry a man like my father (in fact if I were to marry at all!) I would probably commit suicide. One Ed Husting in my life is plenty, thanks. Also, Mr Card (and he is a card, ain't he?), while acknowledging that some societal factors go in to our current standard of gender roles, is very keen on biological essentialism to make his point. Behold! The ever useful "Men can't keep their pants on and must spread their seed amongst many nubile females, who choose them for their relative strength and ability to provide meat and fire. Grunt Ugh!": Civilization requires the suppression of natural impulses that would break down the social order. Civilization thrives only when most members can be persuaded to behave unnaturally, and when those who don't follow the rules are censured in a meaningful way. Why would men submit to rules that deprive them of the chance to satisfy their natural desire to mate with every attractive female? Why would women submit to rules that keep them from trying to mate with the strongest (richest, most physically imposing, etc.) male, just because he already has a wife? And What Will Happen, Prophet Orson, If We Let Our Children Grow Up Without Homophobia?: Already any child with any kind of sexual attraction to the same sex is told that this is an irresistible destiny, despite the large number of heterosexuals who move through this adolescent phase and never look back. Already any child with androgynous appearance or mannerisms -- effeminate boys and masculine girls -- are being nurtured and guided (or taunted and abused) into "accepting" what many of them never suspected they had -- a desire to permanently move into homosexual society. In other words, society will bend all its efforts to seize upon any hint of homosexuality in our young people and encourage it. Seriously folks. Are we so adjusted to the idea that there always has to be a dominant pressure, a societal push, whether it be male superiority or spread the good gay gospel, that we can't see a world without such oppressive boundaries? It's the same kind of argument that leads people to believe that feminists seeking to change the reality of patriarchy are going for the reverse, a female-dominant society. More hard evidence, please: The dark secret of homosexual society -- the one that dares not speak its name -- is how many homosexuals first entered into that world through a disturbing seduction or rape or molestation or abuse, and how many of them yearn to get out of the homosexual community and live normally. Finally, all this talk about "activist judges." What the crap? Um, yeah, they have the power to decide what is constitutional and fair under the law. They were elected or appointed. So were the men and women in Congress, and our President (although it remains open to debate). When I make a fuss about how Bush is not representing my interests and those of the people around me that share my feelings, I'm unpatriotic and a bleeding heart. I protested the war in Iraq. I seethed when Bush made his "I can't be swayed by a special interest group" comment. So, I guess I can understand why some opponents of same sex marriage feel they've been taken advantage of by the actions of the Massachusetts court. However, they in fact were acting with people in mind, with people's right to the pursuit of happiness and so forth. In my opinion Bush led us into a war we had no business even thinking about, and sent Americans to fight it. Whose interests are really being represented here? I ask you this. Ready for that cake? I might as well learn to make one in training for my natural role as a wife and mother. After all, I plan to have a traditional, God-fearing, heterosexual marriage just like my parents, because they've been such good role models. [A Final Note: You can also laugh at Orson, because on top of being silly and misguided, he can't spell, either. Two of the three genuinely mispelled words in my post came from his quotes. Tee hee. I win! ;)]

 who is bored? i am. and sleepy, because of my 8 AM coaching session for which I awoke at 6:30. I had one of those nights again (actually, it's almost every night), where i'm super tired but falling asleep escapes me. I tossed, turned, and thought blank thoughts, but it took a while. Thus, sleepy today. It is, of course, a beautiful day and I have the option of going swimming or perhaps for an afternoon bike ride, but the sleepy is discouraging me from this. I think perhaps I will go swimming when I am done here, or at least go to the pool and fall asleep in a chair. I didn't want to jinx it by blogging about it, but it appears I have jinxed it by NOT blogging about it. I'm waiting on a call about a lifeguarding job, at the community pool where us nautical RB Broncos had our swim practices and home meets, and a year later where I worked for the summer as a swim instructor for the little rodents of suburban families. Rick the Dick, thankfully, is no longer the pool manager there. I sauntered over last week to see if they needed lifeguards or at least just get my name in and have an ap on file. It appears that they do, actually, need guards, so lucky me. However. The man has not called me back, and he said he would do so before this past weekend. Should it happen that he does not call during the remainder of today's business hours, I will call him first thing tomorrow. Getting anxious to hear from Michigan and McGill, and also to find out what egg-sac-tly is up with T-Mobile not getting my last phone bill payment. Grr. I now owe them for two months, but I paid before I left, I swear! Damn you, postal service!! Muriel Spark is a very funny author. Evidence to such: "He looked as if he would murder me, and he did." -from "The Portobello Road" and "As a provisional measure, I worked it out that either he was mad or that he was not mad." -from "The Playhouse called Remarkable" Brilliant!

 i would have thought it'd be more 37.5 % My weblog owns 37.5 % of me. urlLink Does your weblog own you?

 something new for you to visit jerry and i are starting a joint blog. for your enjoyment, we give you urlLink we have cute butts .

 blogging has been light today... but jilling off has reached an all-time high. Seriously. I am horny. Damn. Spring fever like crazy. All I want to do is go out, dance, drink, and go home with some lucky chick. I might take a guy if I'm desperate, or if said man bears a resemblance to Benecio del Toro or Edward Norton. However. Girl is on my mind. Another part of me is saying, in ever-so-soft a voice (mostly drowned out by the extreme randiness), that the spring weather would be a perfect time for those warm-fuzzies, heightened-heart-rate, spine-tingling crush/romance moments. Sitting on the porch swing in the moonlight feeling the anticipation in the air. First tenative kisses. Lying in bed (after the randiness has been momentarily dispelled) with legs intertwined and listening to crickets chirp outside. It's been a while since I've had a crush. Well, two years! Although most (if not all) of my crushes have been tainted with the fear of rejection and insecurity, I feel my recent desire for the physical and emotional effects of crush-mentality, coupled with its concurrent horniness, could be an effective recipe for a non-holds-barred flirtation, with none of the nasty unrequited love side effects. I also feel that since I seldom feel so sexually-inspired I should run with it and make good use of it while it lasts. Before it runs out and I return to my regularly scheduled low-sex-drive program. I swear it's the weather. I'm going crazy, but it's definitely fun. I'm currently taking applications for persons willing to party rockstar-style with me this weekend. You will all be accepted. Unless you don't live in San Diego, in which case you are lame and should come visit me so we can seek the hot lesbian sex out as a team. Note: It will be interesting to see how many new visitors I will get because of this entry. Bring 'em on, Google.

 HAPPY INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY! March is Women's History Month and today, March 8th, is urlLink International Women's Day . It has meant a myriad of things throughout its 93 year history, from an event for socialist causes to strikes and marches for peace and women's rights. A holiday is what you make of it, so take a little time to celebrate IWD in the way you see fit. Champion a woman in your life for her achievements. Write a letter to your congressperson asking for the resuscitation of the Equal Rights Amendment. Protest a violent or misogynistic ad on TV. Buy something woman-friendly; a magazine (no, not Cosmo or Seventeen. urlLink Bitch or urlLink Bust !), any Ani Difranco, Dar Williams, or Tori Amos CD, a book by a woman author (but stay away from Ann Coulter or Laura Schlesinger...for as much as women's liberation has allowed them to shine and succeed they sure are bitter). Make a button. Sign up to go to the urlLink March in April. I haven't decided yet what I will do today. I coach at noon, would it be risky to wear my Save Roe (a hanger with a slash through it) button to a high school? Perhaps today is my day to officially declare that I will be in DC next month, with Marisa, Jerry, hopefully Davis, and 3000 other people fighting for women's rights. Whatever you do, let me know about it!

 hanging out in the wet swimsuit, for old times' sake I had a very good Sunday, and it's only going to get better. I woke up bright and early (it seems to be a recent trend-haven't slept past 9:30 at all since I got back from Montreal), bummed around, did some yoga, and made a cheese sandwich, which was delicately placed in a baggy and packed, along with waterbottle and book, into my backpack. Got my act together and went for a hike. Los Penasquitos is quickly becoming my favorite place to go...it's quiet and not that many people hike there, the stream and waterfall provide some great scenery, and it's not uphill or anything (hurray!). Since I've been there last (Jan, with Jerry), spring has steadily begun to take over and it's a different place already. Three cheers for nature. I didn't make it all the way to the waterfall this time; I decided to stop at the shady glen about two miles in and eat my sammich and let my feet frolic in the stream. It was hot, and my leg was cramping a little, so it's all for the best. Plus, the waterfall was likely a popular spot and not many people can find the shady glen. While I was there I started to wish I had a picture phone and a moblog, like urlLink Shaun , so I could share the nature lovin' with you. Actually, his two most recent pictures appear to have been taken in a similar area to Los Penasquitos...eh? Weird. I saw two woodpeckers and a heron. Also, I couldn't stop thinking that the shady glen would be a good place to make out with someone. Man, I'm so randy lately. All I can think about it sex. On my way back I was passed by a girl on a bike who gave me the most gorgeous smile. Swoon. Later, a pleasantly scruffy gentleman also on bicycle made eye contact with me for a few seconds and I had to restrain myself from knocking him off his bike and dragging him off into the underbrush for some nookie. Daaaayamn he was fine. I made it back to my car with out assaulting anyone. ;) Went to the pool to cool off, and now I'm home for what promises to be a super evening. My parents have just left for dinner, which means I have the rare opportunity of an evening alone, sooo nice. I am going to make the Tunisian vegetable stew from my Moosewood cookbook, and listen to Jeff Buckley. And tonight it's just sweet, sweet Adult Swim and some Thin Mints. Ooh baby.

 my life is so pathetic i've only been back for five days. i'm lonely and bored already. is anyone reading my blog? leave a comment, i need love. sad. such a beautiful day too. i think i shall go for a walk and kick rocks about. sigh.

 hypocrisy part deux Today is a 100 on the Wisconsin Frisbee Index. This means I woke up, looked outside, and thousands of little bells in my head went off, triggering an irresistible urge to frolic outside. The WFI runs on a scale of 0-100 (0 being bone-shattering wind conditions and slushy ice rain), influenced by such factors as sunshine, sky hue, and relative previous weather conditions affecting ability to frolic outside (read: spring fever). Thus, a mildly brisk, partly cloudy day can trigger a high WFI simply because it occurs after months of slogging through snow and slush wearing every piece of clothing you own. It could be 50 F. You can calculate the WFI most effectively by counting the number of students who are tossing a frisbee, lounging on the half-dead grass of Bascom Hill, or just generally skipping class while enjoying an iced beverage at an outdoor cafe. Someone will open their dorm window and blast Dave Matthews out of it. This indicates an especially high WFI; only nudged farther up if the music in question is Bob Marley. Thus, although I have spent the majority of "winter" in mild, usually sunny climes, my personal WFI has reached an all time high. It is a combination of spending a recent amount of time in the Midwest, watching the transition from winter to spring begin, being holed up with my parents and no job/friends for several months, wanting to get more physical exercise in the form of frolicking, and a very specific knack for knowing just exactly what the difference is between one San Diego day and the next. Most people are baffled by this, but when you live here, you know . Perhaps it's a general brightness to the colors and sounds. A warmer breeze. Whatever it is, it's subtle but its message is clear: IT'S SPRING!! Side effects of my high WFI include: -horniness -parading about in skimpy bathing suit -dusting off Sublime CDs (I just can't listen to them in good conscience in winter) -girly clothing -painting toenails Yes, I am preparing myself for the mating ritual that spring is. I can't deny it, it's an age-old, instinctual tradition. Time to get my groove on. Tap that ass. Shake what my momma gave me. Sweeeeet.

 hypocrisy Everything about the weather today says: It's Friday, the weekend, go to the beach, take a hike, smell the flowers. Even I, in my pathetic non-week-vs.-weekend based existence, am excited. The weather says, citizens of San Diego, I dearly love you, urlLink here is a beautiful weekend for you to play outside. I wish I could show it to you. I know most of you would kill me, or fly out immediately to visit (the latter is preferred). Despite what weather.com says, there are no clouds. It's at least 70. It's all I can do right now to resist donning my bathing suit and heading to the pool (I assure you, I will as soon as I am done here) without delay. And. The big one. And...the flowers are blooming. It's spring. The pink jasmine have arrived, which couldn't make me happier. Pink jasmine is my absolute favorite smell in the whole wide world. It's right here, in my own backyard. It's fabu. Other flowers that are blooming include iceplant (swathes of orange, red, and purple adorning the highways and hillsides) and daisies (yellow fields and lawns!). It's only the beginning. In the next two weeks, everything will be crazy and chaotic with color. The hypocrisy of my post lies thus: In spite of my distaste for my city's politics, suburban sprawl, and traffic-riddled streets, you can't beat the weather. You just can't. Maybe tie it, or come in a close second...but you can't beat it. Hands down the best weather ever. Days like today make it hard to think of leaving. Days like today I can forget that I'm stuck behind 20 cars at a red light because I'm singing Ani songs at the top of my lungs with the windows down and my besandaled feet tapping. Days like today I remember why I hate being a lifeguard anywhere else. Days like today you can't help being young, and hopeful, and free. Days like today...you'll find me at the pool. See ya there.

 do you ever get the feeling... that your parents are making fun of you? And not just poking harmless, well-meant fun, but rather nasty, jive-ass, ignorant remarks? I do. It has been evidenced to me in the following ways (and yes, I know well enough the adage "an eavesdropper nevers hears anything good about himself"): The "Lauren's an ignorant Gen-Xer" comment: Scenario-I at computer, looking at one my daily reads (was it urlLink Buzzflash? or even urlLink Margaret? . Not to toot my own horn, it could just have easily been urlLink The Onion ), I overhear my parents having a discussion about the questionable intelligence of one younger "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" contestant, who is unsure about the location of Harley Davidson. They are mocking her "because everyone knows this" and not just baby boomers from the greater eastern Wisconsin area. She "watches MTV instead of the news, and doesn't know anything about America. All these kids these days [a little too cliche for my taste perhaps]. Look at Lauren-all she reads in the newspaper are cartoons." Ahem. I shall not refute that; tis true! I ignore the heavier sections of the paper for the funnies, and on a rare occasion have been noted to skim the day's headlines. I stopped getting my news from mass media sources not long ago, what with the inferiority of TV and the loss of the Chicago Tribune at my breakfast table. The time I spend on the internet is a mixture of catching up the VERY intelligent blogs I read daily and following up on the stories they report. Regardless of what I actually do on the internet, my father's offhand comment is merely the tip of their big ol' denial iceberg of my politics and social consciousness. It has been recorded in the past. They do not want to hear my "liberal whining" or at best, maintain that "I'll grow out of it once I leave that bleeding heart activist factory." I will be the first to admit that politics will change, and should change, evolving with your interests and needs. However. I wave my private parts at their aunties. Bah. Scenario 2: Ah fuck it. I really want to bitch about how my dad's an overbearing, sexist, opinionated, wino ass clown. Disclaimer: I hold the utmost respect for the ideals my father raised me with (to be strong, confident, smart, and not to take shit), through teaching me to wrestle, requiring I perform feats of mathematical agility without exception...well, the confident he led by example? And the not to take shit? Well, he didn't. Guess he's a good role model, albeit a strict one. He doesn't listen. He gives my mom a second shift of dishes, cooking, vacuuming, etc, but wants endless praise or assistance for the chores he undertakes (today, he did dishes with much aplomb: big sigh, clatter clatter, groan, clatter clatter-in Husting language that translates to: "I hate what I'm doing because I'm missing this episode of Perry Mason I've already seen, I should be sitting in my chair while LAUREN (girl) doesn't the dishes, let's slam these plates together to show my disgust for housework"). Should my mom or I be doing chores and create any sort of disturbance, we are evil satanic bitches. We get glared at. My dad's glare is something I have learned to handle. We end up having staring contests. It's where I learned to raise one eyebrow and look amused yet not-shit-taking. He loves to have things his way (heck, don't we all?). Should you thank him kindly for his suggestion but not use it, infidel! Ingrate! Should you refute his logic or attempt a friendly banter, bitch! Ingrate! (I get a lot of that one around here) Poor Chipper, who has but a breath left in his tortured body, gets the worst rap, worse than I even. Beware, you are not immune. Jerry has stories. My friends have stories. And were I my mother (perhaps it's a good thing I am not), I would have snapped long ago. It wouldn't have accomplished anything. My father has an Autobahn-sized stubborn streak. It is ALWAYS your fault. Nothing makes me feel more stuck in the past, teenager style, unable to grow up and realize my life, than this. I have a college degree, for fuck's sake. I may not get into Michigan or McGill, but hell if I'm staying here another year. Another six months even. Fuck that shit. Heads would roll, Lizzie Borden style. I'd be on your evening news. But I'd probably be smiling.

 they need a surgeon general's warning for this kind of thing It is not advisable, for whatever reason, to get pesto sauce in your eyes. The action will be followed by several minutes of blinding (literally) pain, tears, and you will face difficulty in driving safely past the children streaming out of the nearby middle school. Should you indeed feel it is in your best interest to daub this basil creation upon your unsuspecting orbs, do so in the safety of your own home. After preparing a meal with said product, be sure to wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water. You may muse, dear reader, at our unflinching and selfless desire to acquaint you with items that are not recommended for eye consumption. We have reviewed here for your benefit all the ill effects of such products as toothpaste, green tea, and hand lotion on your visual sensors. It is a long-standing commitment of Buddha Stew to bring to you the foremost in research documenting items unhealthy for your eyes. We promise to do more of the same in the future, because we truly do care about your eyes. Thank you, Buddha Stew Research Specialists

 right on, woman. now step up, men I'd like to point y'all over to urlLink Ms Lauren's particularly lucid discussion on rape and rape culture today, and especially encourage my male readership to pay close attention. This is for you, boys, you're responsible today whether you like it or not. I'll wait. Oh, you're back? Okay, now it's my turn. Her points are all valid, and well-made, thus I don't feel like I can accurately reproduce them here. In my life I have been incredibly lucky to escape any major incidents of sexual assault or abuse. I say lucky, because urlLink many women have not been. 1 in 5, and that report is from 1996. Add to that the fact that many women do not feel comfortable reporting a sexual crime in our culture's atmosphere of blame and responsibility centered on women. Because I have not been subjected to sexual assault (besides the ever-annoying catcalls and the like) and the statistic is so high, I am on guard when I find myself in certain situations. I take pride in being strong and healthy, therefore in some ways equipped to resist a potential attacker. I could further my confidence by taking self-defense or carrying mace or a weapon (self-defense would be more likely, in my case). But, as Ms Lauren points out, rape culture is not only a "woman's issue." I would like to see the numbers on that statistics sheet reversed, to show how many men commit sexual assault or rape. The onus is on men, in that case, to stop seeing women as victims but men as victimizers. There's a difference. A victim can play the card, or recover and become a survivor, but it was not his or her choice to become a victim, regardless of his or her behavior, dress, or physical location. Important to note here is that urlLink men are victims of sexual violence as well but that perpetrators are urlLink almost always men . [both links via urlLink Feministe ] It's the little things that make rape culture less powerful. Not laughing at a violent (toward women or gay men) or homophobic joke, and making a point that it is not funny, is one small way. Using language that places responsibility where it belongs is another, such as saying "men rape" rather than "a woman was raped." It means understanding more fully what's happening with both the urlLink University of Colorado and the urlLink Kobe Bryant case . It means learning to see women as people, not sexual objects. Protesting violent ads or movies (I learned from Cunt that 1 in 8 major Hollywood movies has a rape scene. Most of them are eroticized.), is as simple as not giving your money to these institutions. If you know a man who disrespects women (or gay men, or even "effeminate" straight men) in a sexual or violent way, socially boycott him. Let him know his behavior has cost your friendship. And please, never never never EVER say urlLink shit like this: There is a connection between the increasing disrespect shown to women in our society and an ultra-feminist ideology that pushes teenage girls to play a brutal contact sport with teenage boys. A boy on a coed football squad -- or playing against a coed squad -- faces an irreconcilable conflict between his duty as a man and his duty as a player. As a man, he must never strike a woman. As a player he must strike teammates during scrimmages, and opposing players during games, fairly and within the rules but with all the force he can muster. [...]To do that safely, she has to practice hitting and being hit. For a boy to play football with a girl, the boy must become habituated to hitting girls. That is not merely un-American, but uncivilized. There are many endeavors where men and women rightfully compete on the same playing field (I'd pick Margaret Thatcher to run Great Britain over Tony Blair any day), but the football field is not one of them. American schools should ban girls from playing football, and do it now. Excuse me, but that makes ME feel violent. Rat bastard.

 thunderstorm thunderstorm!!!! hurray! Nothing I love more in the world than a thunderstorm, and in southern CA we don't get them very often. I'm excited because it's probably the best thing that's happened to me today (two rejection letters, being told I couldn't vote in the presidential primaries because I'm registered non-partisan and didn't know to request a ballot). I got some more books at the library, although I have yet to finish Body Outlaws and The Blind Assassin . Err...gonna go easy on the trombone playing, I guess. :) All of these books were recommended reading and/or an integral part of the book Reading Lolita in Tehran by Azar Nafisi, which is invaluable for its insights into classics of Western literature (Lolita, Gatsby, Pride and Prejudice) from the viewpoint of a different culture and system of oppressions. The books I checked out are: Baghdad Diaries: A Woman's Chronicle of War and Exile by Nuha al-Radi The Stone Diaries by Carol Shields Short Stories by Muriel Spark More Die of Heartbreak by Saul Bellow Speaking of Lolita, you can mosey on over to urlLink Feministe and take a "What Classic Novel Am I" quiz. I was Lolita . Before I read Nafisi's book, I would have been a little freaked out. But she takes it to a new level...not to be taken so literally as a tale about child sexual abuse but as an allegory for the abuse of persons by an oppressive government such as the Soviet Union or the Islamic Republic of Iran. The other funny thing is, Lolita is a version of what my cousin used to call me, "Little Lo." Dude.

 rejection letters. weeeee!!! I'm home. And it's anticlimatic. I've already been rejected from two schools. One of them was DePaul. I want to go there most of all. Shitty. I'm not terribly heartbroken or anything, although that audition did go the best of the four...and it's Chicago and it's Mark Fisher and everything else wonderful. ASU is the other rejection, which I'm not surprised about. So that leaves Michigan and McGill, and... So, I'm prepared to start fielding ideas about what I should do with my second year off. New York with Jerry? Dallas with Chris? Someplace totally random, like Fuji, and never play my trombone again? Fuck.

 here's another one By urlLink John Keats (how could I forget the poem that graces the door to my room?): When I have fears that I may cease to be Before my pen has gleaned my teaming brain, Before high-piled books, in charactery, Hold like rich garners the full ripened grain; When I behold, upon the night's starred face, Huge cloudy symbols of a high romance, And think that I may never live to trace Their shadows, with the magic hand of chance; And when I feel, fair creature of an hour, That I shall never look upon thee more, Never have relish in the fairy power Of unreflecting love--then on the shore Of the wide world I stand alone, and think Till love and fame to nothingness do sink.

 today is a special day! It's urlLink Poem on Your Blog Day! . Inspired by urlLink Ms Lauren's steady stream of poetic posts, I will post for you one of my favorites. If you're lucky, I might even write one, later. After I finished editing that story I wrote, for urlLink Hans . Or before. I dunno. Anyway. I have a penchant for beat poetry and spontaneous prose, thus I line my shelves with Allen Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac and others, and I try to suppress my eternal desire to just let go of everything and travel, let the wind or I-Ching take me whichever way it pleases into experiences I can only dream about in upper-middle class suburban America. To be both an observer of the people living their lives normally, existing within the system, and an active participant in the communities of individuals making their own society (but without the junk habit). I present to you a poem by urlLink Ginsberg that never fails to raise an unholy and joyous giggle in my soul. A Supermarket in California What thoughts I have you tonight, Walt Whitman, for I walked down the sidestreets under the trees with a headache self-conscious looking at the full moon. In my hungry fatigue, and shopping for images, I went into the neon fruit supermarket, dreaming of your enumerations! What peaches and what penumbras! Whole families shopping at night! Aisles full of husbands! Wives in the avocados, babies in the tomatoes!--and you, Garcia Lorca, what where you doing down by the watermelons? I saw you, Walt Whitman, childless, lonely old grubber, poking among the meats in the refrigerator and eyeing the grocery boys. I heard you asking questions of each: Who killed the pork chops? What price bananas? Are you my Angel? I wandered in and out of the brilliant stacks of cans following you, and followed in my imagination by the store detective. We strode down the open corridors together in our solitary fancy tasting artichokes, possessing every frozen delicacy, and never passing the cashier. Where are we going, Walt Whitman? The doors close in an hour. Which way does your beard point tonight? (I touch your book and dream of our odyssey in the supermarket and feel absurd.) Will we walk all night through solitary streets? The trees add shade to shade, lights out in the houses, we'll both be lonely. Will we stroll dreaming of the lost America of love past blue automobiles in driveways, home to our silent cottage? Ah, dear father, graybeard, lonely old courage-teacher, what America did you have when Charon quite poling his ferry and you got out on a smoking bank and stood watching the boat disappear on the black waters of the Lethe?

 kickin' off sexism, tyne daly style In an effort to make sure I remember and detail everything about this past weekend, I'm going to have a series of blogs on my different experiences. You'll have to bear with me as I have lots more to talk about. :) Saturday night, Cara and I went to the Official March Kickoff, at the DC Armory. It was like one big variety show- hosted by the band urlLink Betty . I can't remember everyone that spoke, but a lot of big feminist names were there- Tyne Daly, Ellie Smeal, Gloria Feldt (whose book, urlLink The War on Choice I happened to be reading), okay, I'm totally drawing a blank. I took some pictures- we were fairly close to the stage. Kathy Najimy flashed us, but she had her bra on. Elizabeth from BETTY didn't, and her boobs said "Pro" and "Choice" respectively. I think that might be the first time I've been flashed. Rockin'. This chick, urlLink SONiA , rocks my socks. Imma getting a CD of hers when I get my paycheck. Oh yeah, we sang a song called "Every Sperm Does Not Deserve a Name" ("if so a man would found a nation every time he came") which still has me giggling. Also, the March For Women's Lives song (of the same title) by urlLink Judy Gorman is stuck in my head on constant loop today. urlLink Cris Williamson is rad. Before all the festivities started, we wandered around the booths and checked out the merchandise. I got urlLink this t-shirt (except mine has rockin' hot pink lettering), and one of the offical march tees. Also, a button. I was torn between two other tshirts (one said "Wax Bush 2004" and the other "There's only one good Bush"), but I ended up getting neither. We got our official NOW "Keep Abortion Legal" signs (they had a tragic end...more on that later), and an older lady gave me her balloons off her table (they were blocking her view of the stage). One woman had a shirt on that said "I love Pro-Choice boys"--rock on. Lots of those at the march, one even holding a sign that said "Pro-choice and single"; he got lots of cheers. I thought it would be cool to have a make-out for choice, or a sex-in for choice or something. Heehehe. Anyway, the kickoff. Good times. Afterward I got in touch with Marisa and we metroed over to her hotel, but she and Dennis were hell-bent on drinking, so we didn't talk long. I was hoping the cute and maybe lesbian girl who we talked to from the parking lot of our hotel would be up and around when we got back, but it was late, alas, and we were tired. Speaking of tired... That's all you get for tonight. Tomorrow's installment will be the details of the March itself, including the anti-choicers and the rally. I have one picture left to take on my camera- likely I will quick snap a pic of Chipper tomorrow and have them for your disposable tomorrow evening.

 letter to the editor of the san diego tribune, 4/27/2004 Thank you for your story about the march on Washington that occurred this past Sunday, April 25th. I thought you might like to hear some reflections on the day from a pro-choice San Diegan who attended. First of all, I spent the greater part of the morning meeting and making new friends among the San Diego attendees- almost 500 by their count! San Diego should be proud to know that so many people from our city were participating in democracy and speaking up for our reproductive rights. It bothers me a little that the march was constantly referred to as an "abortion rights" rally, although I know that was the focus of the day, and is sadly the way it is often spun to polarize the issue into black and white. However, this march was about much more than just abortion. Attendees were rallying for more comprehensive sex education, access to over the counter emergency contraception, safer and healthier birth control, and more comprehensive health care that would benefit women and children. Internationally, the US's policies regarding family planning have been distastrous and will only serve to send third-world countries further into the depths of disease and poverty. Access to abortion is but one part of it, and if we could, as a country, improve our positions on these other issues it would in fact reduce the necessity for abortion. Not one of the marchers wants a woman to have to make a choice to end a pregnancy, but it remains a much-need option in cases of ill health, poverty, or tragedy. Dialogue that has created personhood rights for fetus causes harm and undue burden on women, putting them under extreme pressure from the law in a society that already dictates physical and social standards. Religious arguments against abortion are valid, and should be heard, but they have no place in the law of this country. This march is the biggest of its kind, perhaps of any kind, in the history of the US. March organizers put the estimate at 1.15 million. There was a lot of anger, and demonstration on the part of the marchers, but overall the spirit of sisterhood, of fighting for a worthy cause, was the main feeling of the day. Anywhere you looked, people were smiling, laughing, and making friends and marching companions. The relief at being in a safe place away from the realities of sexism and racism was unbelievable- coming back on the plane I felt the burden tenfold but was stronger for what I had experienced. Regardless of how one feels about reproductive rights, it is important in these times to reject imposition of religious ideologies that block and taint true, factual scientific evidence about our sexuality and reproductive capacities. We are a country that promises both freedom of religion and freedom from religion, and that's what the march was all about. Many people are concerned about the activities of our current president, and would like to see him truly stand up for the rights of the American people instead of bowing to pressure from very vocal (and rich) ideological minorities. Thank you for the time you took to read my letter. If you have any other questions about the march or the people that attended, please feel free to contact me. Lauren Husting Rancho Bernardo

 i'm baaaaack! OH man, I should be sleeping. But, I wasn't able to sleep last night, I was so keyed up, and while I'm fucking exhausted and have lots to do tomorrow, I've been looking at pictures from the march and feeling all the excitement over again. urlLink Jerry's got some links that I'm too tired to research/post myself. I will have pictures for you- I got a disposable camera that promises me a free digital CD so I will find a way to get a photo album on the internet. I wish I could live this weekend over and over again. When it was all over, when I was sitting in the hotel room trying to piece together all of my emotions and package it up into one concise blog, the only thing I could really articulate was that I have never felt so happy. 1.15 million people, and all of them understood. I didn't have to explain or defend myself to anyone. People were smiling, laughing, introducing themselves, screaming and wetting their pants when they saw Ani D (I was), making clever signs and t-shirts, chanting empowering slogans, feeling angry, feeling like they could take on the world, challenging patriarchy, creating their own marvelous pro-woman world. And it was like a great weight was lifted from my shoulders. I had tears in my eyes the whole day, and when I wasn't crying, I was laughing from pure pure joy. I met some fantastic people. I felt the hatred that usually surrounds my ideals and beliefs dissolved and wrapped up in warmth. This is what the world could be like, if we'd only let it. And when I realized that I have to go back into this world that requires me to be on the defensive and argue every nuance, every right til it's bloody and useless, that burden fell back on my shoulders ten times as heavy and as hard. I go between elation and depression- elation that my voice was heard, that I got to experience this and spread the word, and I feel my feminism and activism invigorated and twice as strong. Depression- I miss it. I miss that damn march. I miss all those people, most of whom I don't have names for, but all of them with gorgeous smiles and righteous attitudes. 1.15 million women and men, children, dogs even- the energy was unbelievable. Ani. Fuckin' Ani. Did you hear her perfect guitar, her fabulous voice on my audblog? Right before she did Your Next Bold Move, she did the spoken word Grand Canyon from her new album. She's so beautiful. With Ani on our side, how could we lose? She's the goddess of everything. And all these feminist icons. Gloria. Hillary (yes I saw Hillary!). Ellie Smeal. Barbara Boxer. Tyne Daly. Jesus, they just kept coming. The actors and artists: Julianne Moore and Camryn Mannheim, Kathy Najimy, Janneane Garafalo, Wanda Sykes, Moby, Sarah Weddington.... I can't believe I have to go live my regular life tomorrow. It's all a dream? It feels like it. But that's my voice on my blog, that's Ani singing to me and to everyone, and most of all to Bush, what the hell is your next bold move? Can you deny our numbers and our strength? Can't you at least stop to listen? My pictures will come soon. Now, it's time for rest.

 urlLink urlLink audio post powered by urlLink audblog

 now, for the real thing I'll be spending the night with Cara, as we're getting up at the buttcrack of dawn to drive to LAX. Thus, I bid you adieu until Sunday, when I will have an audio post for you about all the fun and exciting stuff I am doing (compressed into two short minutes). Watch the news, watch the papers, surf the internet-- you might see me, or at least the top of my head. Hasta la vista!

 okay, but i'd rather just make sweet love to you... urlLink urlLink Which Princess Bride Character are You? this quiz was made by urlLink mysti

 a few things to read today In the "blind outrage" category, there's a bill going through the Michigan houses that will urlLink allow Michigan doctors refuse to treat gays if they so choose . The bill is being pushed by the Michigan Catholic Conference. Correct me if I'm wrong, but if someone thinks that there are people in the world who don't deserve proper and safe medical care, then they shouldn't become a doctor in the first place. Also, great Christian principles, guys. Way to represent compassion and servitude as a cornerstone of your religion. We must know a different Jesus, because that doesn't sound like the guy I know at all. From urlLink Republic of T. Update: Another way to interpret the bill is urlLink here, seeing it as allowing health care professionals to refuse to fill prescriptions for birth control, EC, provide abortions, etc. Ah. So it's one of those kinds of things. One more thing to speak out against this weekend. (new link from urlLink Echidne of the Snakes ) In the "wow, that's scary and fascinating at the same time" category: urlLink The real reasons Columbine happened five years ago . The media was quick to peg this as a school shooting brought on by violent music, inconsiderate bullies, and blind teenage rage. Psychiatrists have been studying the two killers in the years since and have come to a much different conclusion. Read it. Sadly, this won't likely make it into mainstream news; it's too useful as evidence against people who seek to blame popular music and violence in movies as the driving force behind every criminal act. Via urlLink swirlspice . In the "ooh, I'm excited, stoked, psyched, antsy, and all worked up" category: urlLink Look at all the fun stuff I get to do this weekend! I need to get a camera, and I'm thinking of getting one with black and white film along with a color one, to take some artistic, nostalgic shots. The color one, for when I meet Ani and squeal like a little boy. I'll also have to stop myself from buying every cool T-shirt I see. In the "heehehee, that's priceless" category: urlLink Supermodel Personals . "Marblehead- Do you know the correct pronunciation of Commes des Garcons? WASP overachiever, blueblood scion of a successful horse breeding family seeks lazy, fat, alcoholic to hog the remote-control, and have sex in the coatroom at fancy parties. APRIL FOOLS! I'd never go out with a fat dude- though I'd consider lazy if you're hot." Via urlLink Green Fairy .

 okay, now i'm blogging from work While I'm in DC, I'll be for obvious reasons unable to detail the experiences in written form. However, I've signed up for one free urlLink Audio Blog that I will use at the March on Sunday to give a brief update. Pretty cool, huh? Hopefully it'll work, and maybe I'll become instant chums with Ani DiFranco or Pink (yah, they'll be there!) and they will sing you a song instead. Who knows? I'm so excited, I can hardly sit still. Note to self- cleaning waterbottle occasionally reduces your chances of drinking gross, grimy water.

 you've got questions? i've got answers For urlLink Sheena : 1. What is your favorite beer? and why? urlLink Berghoff Dark , because not only is it awesome, I have great memories attached to drinking Berghoff. Most of them are also related to Paisan's and Brass Bash. 2. What is it you love about the trombone? A timely question, since I spent Saturday loving the trombone (minds out of the gutters, chaps!). There's lots of reasons, but above all I love that it is such a flexible sonic instrument-listening to that all trombone jazz ensemble brough the point home. It's the only instrument you can put in an ensemble with its ilk and have it sound as varied and textured as a diverse group. Lots of other instruments sound good in choirs, but not as orchestral. 3. What is the most important thing to you, what would you miss the most if it/them went away? Trite, but true: Laughter. and I would miss laughter. For Megan: What's your favorite fish to eat out of a trombone? Tuna. Where do you want to be in 10 years? Lauren aged 32...I can't even think about that right now. I'm freaked out enough by Bethany's last question. But, to be fair: I want to be successful, in the sense that I have found a calling and enjoy what I'm doing (money is not a factor in my success, although money is nice), or at least am working my way to whatever my goal is. Be it an orchestra or chamber job, or perhaps something feminist-related, I just want to know that I am content with what I do. If you could be any kind of chocolate, what would you be? Mint. For urlLink Davis : If you had a million dollars how would you spend it? I would buy lots and lots of books and cds, and donate to all the organizations that keep asking me too except I can't afford it (NARAL, HRC, Buzzflash, the Buddhist monks, etc). Also, travel. What is your favourite movie? urlLink The Red Violin. If you could have dinner with any famous person, alive or dead, who would you choose? Katherine Hepburn. or Ani Difranco. Or Sergei Prokofiev. I can never choose. For urlLink Ms Lauren : 1. Why? existentialist answer: because we are all just a big booger in the nose of God. normal, sad answer: Likely because I'm bored, or lonely, or both. 2. Most frustrating thing your mother ever said to you. "You have to read both urlLink The Rules and Dr Laura's urlLink 10 Stupid Things Women Do To Mess Up Their Lives before you can start dating." Ugh, back then it was annoying because it was motherly advice, now it's frustrating and infuriating because...well, you know why. *Shudder* I feel slimy just linking to that woman... 3. How about squash? Squash is cool. I like cooking with Italian squash (the green kind) because it adds a nice flavor to stir fry. For urlLink Bethany : What's your favorite bar in Madison and why? Hawk's. That place just feels so chill and friendly (that might be because every time I've gone there it's been chill, and I've been with friends), and I love the brick walls and warm tones. Even when busy, it's easy to feel at home. Also, great curly fries. Paul's Club a close second. What's the thing you hate most that some people do? When someone passes him or herself as stupid or uninterested as an excuse to not learn or understand something new. People who are always whining about math get to me sometimes, because, I have to struggle with math too, but I kind of like it for that reason. Playing dumb is not cute, sexy, cool, or a way to get into my pants. What are your main 3 goals in life from now until the end of the summer? B-dogg, you have no idea how much it freaks me out that I can't answer this question. And it's only the summer! Not even, before I die, or before I'm 30 or something... well, 1. Have some money in the bank 2. Turn 23 successfully, and have a good time whilst doing so. 3. Know where I'm going to be in August and start moving there. For urlLink Jerry : 1) What did I eat yesterday? I don't know. I know on Sunday you had a burrito from Q-doba, and I was jealous. 2) Why, in your Ani post, did you not discuss the utter brilliance that is Outta You, Onto Me (track 2) and Going Down (track 9) of Dilate? Undisputably the two best tracks on that album. I don't know. They are good tracks, but the ones I quoted were most relevant for my mood. Truly, all the tracks are relevant to the mood in question, but that's a lot of tracks. Also, if you are so upset, write your own letter to Ani. Also also, I think Done Wrong is the best song on the album. 3) Where is the O.Z. and why did Jay-Z use to move snowflakes there? What does it mean?! I have no idea what you're talking about. Ask better questions. For urlLink Hans (keepin it real): What's your favorite flavor? Clam Chowder. Which is your favorite finger? Left pinky. If you had to get rid of an animal species, which would it be? Honestly? Homo sapiens. Good questions, guys! Thanks for playing, see you next time on Make Lauren Think Hard and Long About the Meaning of Life.

 dear ani difranco I don't know what jerk broke your heart or what the circumstances were, but regardless, the music you make on Dilate just sends me spiraling back into what may not be a similar situation, but feels like it. From the beginning, from urlLink Untouchable Face , there is anger, mixed with sadness and acceptance that feels so familar. Ahem: so fuck you and your untouchable face fuck you for existing in the first place and who am i that i should be vying for your touch who am i bet you can't even tell me that much and then, urlLink Superhero , desperation: if i was dressed in my best defenses would you agree to meet me for coffee if i did my tricks with smoke and mirrors would you still know which one was me if i was naked and screaming on your front lawn would you turn on the light and come down screaming, there's the asshole who did this to me stripped me of my power stripped me down But, you know these lyrics, you wrote them. It's for me that I repeat them, because it shocks me how much they resonate... It's urlLink Dilate that shakes me to the core, that speaks volumes about my own experience: and you are so lame you always disappoint me it's kinda like our running joke but it's really not funny i just want you to live up to the image of you i create i see you and i'm so unsatisfied i see you and i dilate That chord, that you hit on "dilate." Damn, woman, that's where I start crying. Every time. What unholy goddess gave you the power to have some much control over my emotions? And how did you know? Isn't it hell? And although it's been years, although I've recovered, and I can't even say it was that big a deal, in the long run, in the grand scheme of things, and that I've moved on and become a better person for it, I remember urlLink this: and now i'm tired and i am broke and i feel stupid and i feel used and i'm at the end of my little rope and i am swinging back and forth about you and before it gets so cold that the rain turns to snow there's just a couple things i'd like to know like how could you do nothing and say, i'm doing my best how could you take almost everything and then come back for the rest how could you beg me to stay reach out your hands and plead and then pack up your eyes and run away as soon as i agreed I don't have any excuse to go through all of this in my head again. It's been rationalized, justified, and most of all, forgiven. I do it now because I can't complain about anything else. I have nothing better to do; my inner drama queen wants the pain and the heartbreak back. So, I listen to the things that remind me of the times, partly to feel something again, partly to get past it once and for all. Because somehow you understand this, you made urlLink Joyful Girl the last track... i do it for the joy it brings because i'm a joyful girl because the world owes me nothing and we owe each other the world i do it because it's the least i can do i do it because i learned it from you and i do it just because i want to because i want to Through the fire we go, in each of our relationships, with all of the intensity and pain and hurt that we inflict on each other in the world. Like flint, we come out the other side harder, and more useful. Sharpened, and stronger. What does it matter what we've lost, when we've gained so much? What is a happy life, without the darkness inherent in living, to contrast it? I'm thankful for heartache, sometimes. It sounds silly to say, but I wouldn't have learned anything about the second time if I hadn't done it once before. I love you, Ms Ani. I hope I see you in DC this weekend. All my best, Lauren

 meming it up, monday style Via urlLink Republic of T. (I'm not sure if this'll work, since you all are bad at answering questions I ask-ooh, burn. ;) Anyway, prove me wrong!) This one has the potential to be an interesting exploratory exercise, and I'm interested in seeing what comes of it. Here's how it works. I want everyone who reads this to ask me 3 questions, no more no less. You may ask me anything. Then to go to your journal or weblog, and copy and paste this allowing others (including myself) to ask you anything. Please do a trackback ping so I'll know that you copied it (if you don't know what that is, ask me. If you don't have a webpage, ask me questions anyway). Answers will be given in a follow-up post.

 you know how everyone always thinks that getting drunk by yourself is sad and depressing? well, it's not. it's quite fun actually. happy sunday!

 speaking of autographs Davis, I love you! You're a Cunt of the Highest Order. You're a Vagina Warrior in my book. She got Igna to write me a note! A note from Igna! I'm still squealing. Here's what it says: "dearest Lauren- Con amor del co&#241o, sorry you couldn't be here w/ davis! (heart), igna m." Her handwriting is so cute! Heee!!

 trombone dorkiness! Yesterday I got up bright and early (5am) to venture northward to the OC. The reason for my journey was not to go to prom with Paris Hilton, or have steamy sex on the beach and then fret about it later in my parents ridunkulously huge Spanish-style mansion overlooking the ocean (although, I would drive to the OC for hot steamy beach sex in a second). No, the purpose of my journey was far more noble, and career-expanding. Below, a recap of the events pertaining to one April 17th, 2004, aka Trombone Day LA. Warning! Likely not interesting or even comprehensible to anyone but Jason and Beatriz (and any other bonists reading). 8am: Registration. Jim Prindle, who coaches RB High's low brass, was there, so we chatted a bit. 8:30: Intro/short concert by the CSU Fullerton Trombone Choir. Nice rendition of Monochrome II by Peter Schikele (of PDQ Bach fame). 9am: Group warmup with professional trombonist Jeannie Little. I learned a lot of cool warm-up exercises here that I plan to implement...er, today, yeah. Today I will practice. ;) 10: Trombone choir readings. These were broken up into small groups: beginners, high schoolers, college and professionalers, and weekend warriors. Jeannie conducted the college group, and we played through the Flor Peeters quartet (I love that sucka), the Gordon Jacobs Octet (woot!) and Passacaglia (Bach). My lips hurt at this point. Yes, practicing today. Definitely. 11:30: Lunch is a very small slice of pizza that costs me a buck. Obnoxious. 12pm: Exhibits! Trombones to try! I fiddled around on a few Conns (eh...) and then, I saw it. A urlLink Shires orchestral tenor with urlLink T47 slide , urlLink medium weight red bell with experimental in-line valve (I told you'd I'd be dorking out). Ooooooh Mama. Why did I play this trombone? I lust. I pine, I burn. The crook was a little smaller than my Edwards (the crook determines the width of the slide), so it was easy to handle and I can imagine I could play for longer before my left hand got sore. Across the board the horn was lighter (I also tried a urlLink Shires bass with double thayer that was so easy on the wrist...) but when I played it...huge-ass golden sound. A little brighter than what I'm used to, but oh, it sounds so good. So good. That in-line valve. Smooth as buttah. Anyone got an extra $3,200 lying around? While I was playing the Shires (mmm, Shires) two of the Bones Apart girls came giggling into the exhibit room with a video camera. They now have my stunning rendition of a three-octave Bb major scale preserved forever in their memory. 12:30 pm: Concert by Bones West, a large jazz ensemble consisting entirely of trombones, plus drums, piano and bass. While I am usually more than likely annoyed by novelty jazz acts that play poor/easy arrangements of standards (Think: Ladies Must Swing), Bones West was pretty cool. It wouldn't work with any other instrument; trombones however, are properly versatile as a choir to cover all the bases of sound and texture. So, A+. 1:30: Clinic with urlLink Bones Apart! The Main Event. The Big Kahuna. The Creme de la Creme. They opened up the clinic with a fanfare and blew us all away (no pun intended). Seriously, these cats can blow. And their technique...daa-yam. The three tenors, Becca, Becky and Carol, studied with Chris Houlding at urlLink RNCM , who if you remember I played in a master class for in November. I can see that his students do fairly well for themselves. Sheeeeit. Their playing leaves nothing to be desired. They could use a little work on their masterclass speaking/organization, but I understand that they are only just starting to do this kind of thing. It was great to see them interact though, their personalities are over the top (not under ;) and they are all freakin' hilarious. I have a crush on Lorna, the bass trombonist. Thick scottish accent! Bwah! OH yeah, and she's flawless on that sterling silver Conn... At the end of the class they played Kabalevsky's Dance of the Comedians, and it was faster, I swear, than I've ever even heard an orchestra play it. Jaw is officially dropped. 3pm: A concert/clinic with jazz greats Andy Martin and Bob McChesney. I heard two charts, but I was just so tired I didn't feel like I could enjoy it. I'm weird about trombone jazz. Or just not really into it. Besides, in my opinion the combo is a little stale, relying too much on every playing structure: Opening theme, solo for everyone, closing theme. Meh. Those guys are great players though. I just wanted to see if I couldn't wander around and run into BA again. I didn't, but I chatted with a guy named Adam about some stuff. 5: Slide care clinic with John Sandhagen. Here's where I learned a shitload. It's cleaning day for Bernard and Bianca today, what with all I've learned on proper slide care...huzzah! 6: Adam and I drove over to a strip mall for dinner. 7:30: Prepare to be amazed. Bones Apart, in concert. They opened with Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, JS Bach. Kicked the living shit out of anything Canadian Brass has ever done with this piece. Holy Mother of Pickles. I start to shake. Highlight musically of the concert was the piece commissioned by Bones Apart, Secret Love Songs. Involving just about every mute know to trombonanity. Man, trombones are so cool. I need to snag a recording of this piece. Highlight comedically of the concert was the Finale from Faust (Gounod). Heeee!! My crush on Lorna has reached epic proportions. She has a monologe describing the plot of Faust, and then the other members come out as the respective characters. They do a dance number, whilst playing. Woooo!! Tears streaming from my eyes funny. Lots of other good stuff. One of their encores (of three) was the Star Spangled Banner, which wasn't particularly great until they got to the piccolo solo, where Carol just kicked it into high gear and trilled that mo-fucka to death. I'm still shaking. After the concert I got their autographs and they invited everyone to come have a pint. That was pretty cool. I didn't get to talk with them much; but then again I'm a social moron around amazing musicians, so that's my own damn fault. I didn't stay long anyway-had to get home so I could deal with the poop Chipper left in the living room for me. Hurray! All told, a day well spent. But I still shouldn't have played that Shires.

 this was going to be a special "first-ever" blog but it just didn't work out that way. It was going to be the "First ever Blog from Workplace" entry. My computer time was hijacked by a coworker (who didn't know what a blog was, in fact, seemed to be surprised that you in fact can read things on the internet at all...) who was playing this stupid Tanks game obsessively, and making much ado about it. Anyway, enough about that. Did I mention my job is easy? Here's what I did today on my 8-2:30 shift: -Emptied trashcans -Watched coworker play annoying badly animated flash game -Escaped to the basketball court and practiced my freethrow (all this talk of ball has made me anxious to play--it's about that time for the Tuba-Euph softball game/cookout with violent basketball bonus time and this is the first time in four years I shan't be going...) -Read some articles in Bitch -Half an hour lifeguarding -Examined the contents of the first aid kit. This first aid kit is struggling harder than Bush at a press conference. Let us put food on your family. And no band-aids. Also, baffled by presence of two bottles of meat tenderizer. -Walked to local strip mall for lunch -Half an hour lifeguarding -Talked to different coworker about mutual acquaintances the Loomis family. Megan, this is Aaron Gallant, who claims to be a good friend of your brother. Did he go waterskiing with us that one time? -And...done. House is nice and quiet, empty, wonderful. I'm off to the grocery store to stock up, and also get ingredients for the deliciously alcoholic sounding sangria for which urlLink Erica has given me a recipe. I'll be packing it in early tonight so I can be up at the buttcrack of dawn to head to Fullerton. Hell, I'm already tired. Maybe I'll just go to bed after dinner.

 fun with futurama quotes Jeez, I'm beginning to be as bad as Grant and Chris, only with the other Groening show that is way better (see, I'm justified). All headers and two links are quotes- name the character who says each and win...a chance to party with Slurms McKenzie. Whimmy whim wam wozzle! Links are back, along with your favorite Sesame Street Terror Alert (be glad it's not the dancing banana), my urlLink Amazon Wishlist (3 months til the big 2-3! hint: season 3. Season 3!!!!), and some other stuff. Okay, no other stuff. Just the links. Atom feed is urlLink here . I don't know what that means or why I'm doing it, but it was requested of me by people who are web nerdy about such matters. Items of note: 9 days until the March. 8 days until I leave. Yahoo! Tomorrow begins my Weekend of Freedom. Can't come too soon, I say. My parents have been pestering me all night: "Lauren, do you know how to give Chipper his pills? Lauren, don't forget to put out the trash! Lauren, do these dishes. Lauren, park your car in the garage while we're gone" etc etc. Meh. On Saturday, I'll be urlLink here , dorking it up with other CA trombonists. Bones Apart, man, for free! That shizzles my nizzle. That takes the cake. That technically qualifies as "ill"... And as a final note, because I am in a quoting mood tonight, I leave you with urlLink this Dave Chappelle quote that has been floating around in my head all week and causing me to randomly bust a gut: "We are the Time Haters. We travelled all the way back in time...to call you a cracker."

 seriously, who do i have to kill? something just snapped in me, while i was watching tv. maybe it was the coincendental arrangement of images. the anti-variety of images of women. boobs. tans. the same too skinny, too voluptuous, too fake, too sexed female frame i see every day, day after day, on tv, on billboards, in movies, in magazines... i am fucking sick of all of it. fucking tired of the bloody asswipe beauty myth male gaze crap that i can't avoid no matter how many times i switch channels on the tv, or even if i turn it off, i can't escape it, it's all around, i might as well live in a stupid hole in a stupid tree with a raccoon (stupid) like that one kid, in that one book. before, it made me angry, yes. i felt like it was my role as an educated person to edumacate other said persons on the ill effects of media representations of women. i can go about my business and not apply it to myself, and deny the power it attempts to claim on my self-esteem and my bank account (or can i? can i really?). but now, now i'm just angry. flaming mad. "if i were god i would rain fire down from the heavens" angry. pissed. and it's not like any one thing really did it. first, i was watching this episode of "made" on mtv, because the girl was sweet and cool and reminded me of me. she was a nerd, and invisible, and a smart cookie (maybe i wasn't a smart cookie. maybe a smart brownie). and then she decides she wants to be in a beauty pageant (AND WHAT FUCKING HIGH SCHOOL HAS A BEAUTY PAGEANT?!?!? THAT'S FUCKED UP AND BEYOND LAME) and turns out primped and processed just like all the other girls. A looker, to be sure, and great that she found this confidence and made some friends. Is she really grown up? maybe a little bit more. is she ready for the sexuality this new beautiful her is going to force upon her? why the fuck is this high school having a fucking beauty pageant?!?!? and then i saw this sports illustrated ad about the special edition special crap mini basketball (who wants a damn mini basketball? you can't play with it. you can't cuddle it at night. you can't do CRAP with a CRAP mini basketball) about how great it is that UCONN won the whatever they won that everyone's just shitting their pants about and i thought. WAIT A MINUTE didn't their women's team kick a lot of shit on the court this year too? Where's their special edition crappy mini basketball? oh, i bet it'd be pink. barf me with a spoon. And THEN they do the whole, subscribe/buy your crappy mini basketball now and get all these other wonderful issues of sports illustrated and they flash the issues past you and of course one of them is the swimsuit issue and that's where i just lit on fire and started foaming at the mouth. and here i am. trusted blog. ranting. sick of bullshit. sick to fucking death of bloody sexist patriarchal bullshit ass clown media. fuck. shit. cunt. bitch. wanker. to you objectifiers of women, i quote the immortal words of bender b. rodriquez(a). bite my glorious golden ass. SOOOOO How you all doing? Haven't heard from some of you lately. Davis? Jason? Dan? Hellooooo??? I'm doing great. I have a job, and it's easy. I work tomorrow from 11-5. I realized yesterday that even though I tried, I really tried, I just don't like Elvis Costello. I mean, I like "Shipbuilding" and that's why I checked out the greatest hits cd, but man, I just don't dig it. I still like shipbuilding though. That's a quality song. Just not the rest of them. Thank you, and goodnight.

 the moderate thrill of mild adventure (or, musings on my weekly trip to ramona) There's something about it. Is it the curves and twists that display breathtaking view after breathtaking view? The feel of your car's effortless acceleration as it kicks up an incline? The sharp line between mountain and sky? The feeling of leaving reality behind and entering a realm free of urban concern? The small country touches? It's not quite a mountain, but bigger than a hill. It doesn't take long to get to the top before you go down again. Sometimes, you'll get stuck behind a slow-moving boat trailer or chicken truck. The destination is not the most exciting of places, just a medium-sized mountain town, with its collection of quaint antique shops (for the tourists) and sparkling new strip malls, parking lots freshly paved. Within a block you leave behind wooden fences and dirt roads and enter a main street just like any other, with Albertsons and banks and repair garages. The high school kids are not different or backward. Nothing is perched on a cliff or overlooking a dramatic view. Just Ramona. Driving up though, it's like leaving behind cares and concerns, zooming up a mountain, soaring through curves, escaping the inescapable housing complexes and ubiquitous gas stations of the valley below. There are some amazing views, and when the sky is just the right blue and the sun is in just the right place, the hills scissor the sky and sit aloof and proud against the backdrop of clouds. Sometimes you'll come around a bend and there a mountain sits, larger-than-life, the road ahead disappearing into the belly of the beast. Before you get there, the road will curve away and you'll sidle up to the giant and say hello. Until then, it's like approaching a new mystery, going underground to discover what lurks. Feeling the weight of earth above your head and grounding you, reminding you of both human engineering and mortality simultaneously. The conflict of science and nature, entwined. The birds that soar above the valleys take on the illusion of majesty, no matter what kind they be. It's all hawks here. Eagles. Too short, the drive is. Soon enough you'll find human kind again, destroying and building, multiplying...so close to the wonders of wilderness that the threat feels imminent, palpable. Which will win? On either side, civilization is creeping up on the unsuspecting, will they be taken advantage of? Will a line be drawn, a contract signed? Is fire enough to keep them away? How soon will our experiences of nature be contained, boxed in by irrigated lawns and 7-elevens, a dollar to visit, a quick hike, the possibility of seeing something rare that used to not be so rare before...before we all got greedy and took what isn't ours to take. Until then, you appreciate the moments you have.

 i'm bombing google!! (you should too) Apparently, some bastards have googlebombed the word "Jew" so that to search for and it hit "I'm Feeling Lucky" will take you to their anti-semitic page. Well, let's put a stop to it. The link is for Wikipedia's definition of "jew." Via urlLink Alas, A Blog . urlLink Jew ! [Apparently you only have to link it once, as multiple links have no Googlicious effect]

 good news everyone! My parents are taking a vacation April 16th-21st. They are driving to Carlsbad, New Mexico to see the fun stuff there and then spending a few days on their way back in Tucson. Let's run that past you again. My parents are on vacation for 1-2-3-4-5- 6 days! My parents are not in San Diego! My parents are not in the house bugging me! My parents are not watching TV 24-7! My parents are not doing the crossword puzzle before I can get to it! My parents are not waking me up by slamming the garage door at 7 am! My parents are not leaving plates with ketchup on them out overnight and are not annoying me with the evil day old ketchup smell! If I had friends, I'd have a party. I'm so totally going to walk around in various states of undress the whole time. Nekkid, if I so choose. I will masturbate on the couch. Maybe I'll get ridiculously drunk randomly and watch porn on the computer. The possibilities are endless! You need not fear, these six days will not be wasted. However, if you are my friend and you live within a 50 mile radius of Rancho Bernardo, CA (hell, I'll even say 100 miles), you are welcome to come and get wasted with me. In my empty house. Just as long as you don't scare my dog. He has a faulty bladder.

 i heart prokofiev I was wondering today what it is that makes certain music worthwhile for some people, not so for others, hated with a passion for some people, etc. What makes Prokofiev my favorite composer, yet other people love Mahler or Beethoven or Part (that was for you, Bethany)? I enjoy those composers, but they don't have the significance or draw that my dearest Sergei does. It's partly sentimental- my first Prokofiev experience is thanks to Jon Mortison, who gave me a recording of Alexander Nevsky in high school. It hit a chord with my dark, intense little teenage soul, longing for significance and individuality amid the superficiality of everything around me. Or something like that. It was, for all intents and purposes, something I could lie on the floor listening to at top volume being shaken to the core with emotion. From Nevsky, I moved on to Romeo and Juliet. Ooh, those chords at the beginning of the Introduction to Act III. OOoooooh man. They leave me breathless every time. The effective use of dissonance--the build-up the crash, the release, so desperately orgasmic. And the Quarrel scene/death of Tybalt. Let me tell you, nothing has ever been so much fun to play on bass trombone. To the things I originally loved about Prokofiev, the darkness, the despair of his intense moments, I have added a joy in his humorous moments, the light-hearted compositions that betray a jovial tone (Think: 5th Symphony, second movement). As playful as he can be though, I love these moments even more for the weighty undercurrent present in the small dissonances, the little quirks of sarcasm bordering on dark humor. With this I can identify, my own humor often being a little serious and self-hating (all in good spirit, though ;). Manic and depressive smushed into one concise package, if you will. As an exercise in curiosity (mine), take your favorite composer or band (absolute favorite, numero uno, all time best) and think about what it is about them that grabs your soul and shakes you to the core. Or, perhaps you are of a lighter disposition than I and you like your music to lift you up and sing to your spirit, but why? Is it personal, sentimental, or driven purely by an interest in creativity, perfection, or beauty? A combination of all of these plus extra? When and where do you enjoy them the most? Or do you enjoy them because they are perfect for every mood, every situation? Prokofiev for me is a constant, a pedal point in the vast modulation of my musical tastes keeping the composition together. Music obsessions have come and gone (as much as I still appreciate them, I can't say I listen to CAKE even half as much as I used to- some of you might be glad about this). He influences my other classical repetoire (oh, those darn Soviets), determines what I love to play in an ensemble, and even goes so far as to pick and choose my various pop/rock/alternative forays. Lauren's Recommended Prokofiev: From Romeo and Juliet : Intro to Act III, The Quarrel (Act I Scene i), Masks (Act I Scene ii), Juliet's Room (Act III Scene iii), Morning Serenade (III, iii) Symphony No 5 (esp mvts 2 and 3) Lt Kizheh Suite From Alexander Nevsky : The Battle on the Ice Piano Concerto No 2 Tales of an Old Grandmother (for Piano) Violin Concerto No 1 (mvt 1 for the rockin' tuba solo) The Love for Three Oranges , best (and weirdest) opera, ever .

 distressing news! From urlLink YoungBlood , an email with some news that made my heart stop beating and time freeze whilst the rain poured down and lightning struck the barren earth: nat mcintosh, our sousaphonist, is taking a leave of absence from the band to work on other projects, and consequently we're looking for someone interested in playing with us. No one can replace Nat! What's YBBB without Nat? NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!

 6 cds, 4 books, 2 hair-related annoyances, and 1 fun fact 6 CDs: I raided the Classical L-R drawer at the library today, and apparently am in a mood to double my Mahler collection. Mahler Symphony No 2 LSO/Bernstein Mahler Kindertotenlieder LSO/Bernstein/Janet Baker Mahler Symphony No 2 SFSO/Blomstedt (Wait, I thought it was No 8? Sheeet) Mahler Symphony No 7 CSO/Abbado Prokofiev Symphony-Concerto for Cello and Orchestra NSO of Ukraine/Kuchar/Rudin Prokofiev Romeo and Juliet Cleveland/Maazel (I can't believe I don't already have this. Well, the situation is rectified) 4 books: Gabriel Garcia Marquez, The General in His Labyrinth Margaret Atwood, Bodily Harm Norman Mailer, The Gospel According to the Son Ed. Robin Morgan, Sisterhood is Powerful Speaking of SIP- here's a library-related annoyance as a bonus to you, the lucky reader- RB used to have all its feminist texts in one convenient location. There weren't many, but the classics were there as well as a few very interesting reads. Now, they've done some sort of radical reorganizing which has axed the feminist category all together, separating the books into bigger sections like Motherhood or Race Studies or History, or, where I found SIP, Anthologies. What the fuck, man? I sense a patriarchal plot to keep would-be feminist knowledge seekers from branching out and reading all available literature. Okay, maybe I wouldn't take it that far. But it is obnoxious. 2 hair-related annoyances: #1: When I get my hair cut short (or, -er as the case may be), I'm always mostly happy except for the way the back looks. I always feel like my hairline on my neck should round out the whole pixie cut look, not flatten against my neck and make the back of my head look like a straight line. The urlLink example on the left is what I don't like. [Ed. note- Totally have a crush on the girl on the right] The urlLink one on the right, here is how I feel it should be (please don't be frightened by the scary woman on the left. Her hair is reminiscent of an upside-down Awesome Blossom). I imagine it has something to do with the shape of my head, the particular hairstylist, etc., and upon further reflection, I think my haircut looks good and I should stop worrying about it like I always do. #2: I hate having little cut hairs all over the back of my neck for the rest of the day. Grr. 1 fun fact, as promised: Did you know that when your hair dries quickly, it means you have healthy hair? I am the proud owner of healthy hair, which means I better get to destroying it again with bleach and hair dye. Mwahahahaha!!!

 another day, another design What do you think? I was getting a little weary of the blues and browns of the waterfall design, and wanted more subtlety. Still playing with code and getting some things fixed/added. That said, all I've done today is sit at the internet and I have a raging headache. If I had gotten up earlier I could have been lifeguarding: I got a call from one of the places I turned in an ap (not the place that actually hired me) needing an emergency sub. Unfortunately I woke up late and my cell was off all night. Boo. I could have used both the money and the social interaction. Nevermind though, I've spiffed up buddha stew (and the more I do this, the closer I get to making my own ORIGINAL design and spending the money on a domain and all that fun stuff) and now it's time to either do some yoga or get a haircut. Or both. It's all up to the headache, he's in charge here.

 more quizzy! quizzy! blaaaaaargh! I'm feeling uninspired to blog, so I'll just keep quizzing so I don't lose any of my valuable readership. ;) This is the [Bracket Quiz] which I found via urlLink The Republic of T . [Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, find line 4. Write down what it says] The book nearest me is Julius Caesar , which I have not put away since I referenced it for the Ides of March post. It doesn't have a page "18" so here's what I found on page "xviii": "..texts so fully dressed. Later texts occasionally show signs of carelessness." [Stretch your left arm out as far as you can. What do you touch first?] This huge magnifying glass. [What is the last thing you watched on TV?] Futurama! Of course. [With the exception of the computer, what can you hear?] My dad watching Murder, She Wrote, and any other annoying daytime programming he can find, apparently. [When did you last step outside?] Just a few minutes ago, to mail my taxes. [Before you came to this website, what did you look at?] At urlLink We Have Brains somebody wanted to know where they could find a good feminist or pro choice tshirt to wear to the March. I was looking at the links. [Did you dream last night?] I did. One dream involved Hugh Grant in all his goofy, foppish glory, but at the end it turned into some sort of Friday the 13th parody. The other dream I had was about Ryan. Damn you Ryan!! I think Davis was in it too, and she was in a computer animation class where she had to make this picture of Margaret Cho (who was, inexplicably, naked) dance. [What is on the walls of the room you are in?] The FISH! (a sailfish, caught by my father in Florida, stuffed and hung on our wall to scare my friends) And the two smaller fish. A clock. Pictures of lighthouses, boats, and birds. This room is nautically themed. [Seen anything weird lately?] urlLink Ahem. [What do you think of this quiz?] It's cool, man, it's cool. [What is the last movie you saw?] Theater: Secret Window. TV: Thelma and Louise. [If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy first?] The entire contents of Borders, except for the New Age music section and the girly magazines. I could probably do without the kids section, too. And all the "Going to the Bathroom For Dummies" books. [If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do?] I'd like to see what the world would be like if the feminist agenda could run basically unchecked. Or, better yet, what the world would be like if there was no patriarchy. [Do you like to dance?] Indeed, I do. [George Bush:] "The only bush I trust is my own" [Imagine your first child is a girl, what do you call her?] Marian. Or Hazel, after my grandma. [Imagine your first child is a boy, what do you call him?] Er. Alexander. My favorite boy name ever. (yes Davis, I covet your boyfriend...'s name) And I would use the Russian diminutives as nicknames: Aloysha, Alexey. That being said, it's unlikely that I'll have children. Not entirely ruling it out, but, there you have it. [Would you ever consider living abroad?] Yep. Montreal if I get into McGill. Europe: anywhere. If my plans of music, activism, or anything else I can come up with fail, I'll be a bhikkuni in Dharmasala, India. ;)

 Quark -- You are subtle and mysterious and people know very little about you. You like hanging out with small groups of friends (usually 3) who you are very close to. You are usually friends with other quarks like yourself. urlLink What kind of subatomic particle are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Thanks, urlLink Erica!

 amusement! urlLink Right Wing Eye! via urlLink Bloggers for Choice . See, feminists have a sense of humor. I'm surprised they didn't put in a joke about the couple being interracial. Also via Bloggers for Choice, if you can't make it to urlLink DC in 20 DAYS (I'm excited) but still want to support the cause, check urlLink this out. Seriously though, I want to make a fun poster. Something clever like "If men got pregnant they'd make abortion a sacrament." I'll go through my collection of Ani looking for one of her gems (heck, they're all gems), but I'm open to suggestions. Should I go 60s Old Skool with "Keep your Laws off my Body"? "If you can't trust me with a choice, how can you trust me with a child"? I want it to be original though. If only I had my copy of Cunt (HINT HINT HINT HINT HINT) handy for ideas. Your creative juices are flowing, now....GO!

 hey, i got what i wished for I AM EMPLOYED!!! OFFICIALLY! None of this crappy petition crap, crap-ass job I couldn't do to save my life (spare me the lecture, Sassypants), but a real live paycheck-every-other-week, sit around in my swimsuit outdoors kind of job. A lifeguarding gig. Huzzah. In other news, t-minus 20 days until the March for Women's Lives! DC, here I come. So much to plan for that. Do I make a sign? What should it say? What do you wear to this kind of thing? What's the weather like? What should I do as a tourist? How will I restrain myself from throwing things at Bush should I see him? (Possibly the threat of jail time will help) Will I get to meet Margaret Cho? Go see her show? Will Gloria Steinem be there? When will Jerry send me Cunt so I can get it autographed if I happen to run into Igna Muscio like Davis did? Is Davis going? Can we all (Cara, Marisa, Dennis) get mildly (or excessively) drunk on Saturday night and chant feminist slogans into the nighttime sky? In other other news, I like my trombone again. I have unfolded the folding stand and Bianca has set up permanent residence on the Hamilton once more. Kopprasch has been played. Scales have been executed. The other day I even played bass. It sounded TERRIBLE and I was dizzy. What's next, my mandolin? Oh, and I should write those parts for Blather. Sheeeeit. In other other other news, it's lunchtime.

 i miss jerry. :(

 woozy Does anyone else get really nauseous after playing video games for a longish period of time? Say, an hour? I do. I can't handle much more than that before I start getting slightly claustrophobic and dizzy. It happens with TV too, but on a much smaller scale. Maybe it's something you have to build up to, that intensive video gaming for hours-on-end tolerance that I'll just never have because I don't care enough. That being said, it's not your average 22 year old that plays The Lion King for Sega Genesis. Well, I am not your average 22 year old. At one point yes, I beat the stuffing out of this game. I threw Scar over that bitchin' cliff. I am the king of Pride Rock (and get to work, lionesses, killin' me some zebras). I am slowly regaining my lion skills. Level 1: The Pridelands No sweat. The rest of the game is much easier if you can get that one bug that doubles your strength. Bonus level- Make Pumbaa eat lots of bugs. Can't ever get past 36. Level 2: I Just Can't Wait to be King FUCKING SONG!! FUCKING PURPLE MONKEY!! Otherwise, easy as 1, 2, rrrowr. Level 3: The Elephant Graveyard. Hyenas everywhere! This one's in the bag, after much practice. Level 4: the Stampede Not as hard as once thought. Merely a game of avoidance. Level 5: Simba's Exile You gotta be willing to take a few hits on this one. I finally got past the stupid rolling rock, avoided falling in the thorns, jumped a few gorges, and all of this only to be heckled by Whoopi Goldberg. Level 6: Hakuna Matata Watch out for the frogs, they spit! Fun with waterslides. And then, there's the... WATERFALL OF DEATH!! (dum dum duuuuuuh) This son of a bitch kills me every time. You have to jump up the logs that are falling down the waterfall, and it goes on for god knows how long (I don't, because I can't fucking do it) and then once you get past it, etc, and do some other stuff, if my memory serves me correct, you have to DO IT AGAIN!!! ARRRGH!!! The logs look like Combos. They make me hungry, inexplicably not for Combos, but for peanut butter. Weird. And that's were I'm at when I get all queasy and can't handle it anymore. I seem to recall there are 10 levels, the last one being your WWF spar with dear old Uncle. What the others between the WATERFALL OF DEATH and the end are, I cannot remember. In Level 7 you are adolescent Simba, I think. Getting a scruffy little mane. Roar cracking at inopportune moments and embarrassing you in choir. Masturbating constantly to PlayLion. Telling Timon and Pumbaa where they can stuff it. Doing drugs behind the rotting log. Good times, good times. News of the weekend is: Tomorrow I have an interview for a lifeguarding job (starting immediately) at a local club. Huzzah!

 one of those posts again It's Friday, so, here are the first 10 songs to play on my MP3 player (title- artist, album): 1. Sister Saviour- the Rapture, Echoes 2. Track 1- Blur (from Think Tank, I don't know what the titles of the songs are because Jerry didn't write them in when he burned it) 3. Steady B Loop Dub- Sublime, Robbin the Hood (I swear this one always comes up on random) 4. Bloodshot- Youngblood Brass Band, Unlearn 5. Opened Once- Jeff Buckley, Songs for My Sweetheart the Drunk Vol 1 6. Slyde- Bilal, 1st Born Second 7. Juilanne- Ben Folds Five, Ben Folds Five 8. Nicotine and Gravy-Beck, Midnite Vultures 9. When the Stars Go Blue- Ryan Adams, Gold 10. Alburquerque- Buck O' Nine, Twenty-eight Teeth (BON gives me such strong high school flashbacks...)

 google fun! Head over to urlLink Google , type in "weapons of mass destruction," and click "I'm Feeling Lucky." I'm giggling uncontrollably.

 weeeee! Look! Look! My site meter has gone over 1000! I'm popular! Okay, I know it's just the same six people coming everyday. But a girl can dream, a girl can dream.

 classifieds COUPON! Free lodging and transportation in America's Finest City, San Diego California. Enjoy what southern California has to offer in the best weather there is on the continent. Present this coupon at Husting Hotel, Rancho Bernardo, CA, between June and August (expires 7/27/04) and receive at no cost a healthy diet of home cooked vegetarian meals for the duration of your stay. Our guest room is clean, comfortable, and has internet access. Our friendly driver will take you to any of the famous (or little known) attractions and sightseeing San Diego has to offer, plus low cost tours to other areas of interest in the lower portion of the state. For more information, contact our service desk representative, Lauren, at lahustingATuwlaumniDOTcom soon for the best offers! SEEKING Travel companion for road trip/moving assistance from San Diego, CA to Dallas, TX leaving July 28th. Making one stop in Albuquerque, NM the night and day of July 29th, arriving in Dallas July 30th. Share half the driving time, gas is taken care of. You are responsible for your own food. In Dallas help unload and arrange large items including those picked up from furniture stores in the area. No return trip. Contact Lorn at lahustingATuwalumniDOTcom for more info

 almost famous Went to Borders tonight and dove into a collection of Adrienne Rich's poetry and prose. Using my guest blogger status at Feministe I present to you my urlLink gift of poetry . At the end there is a little something I wrote. Maybe you can guess who it's about. Here's one I just wrote, heavily inspired by Ms Rich. the moon is in her navy sky the stars flank her as she rises the palm trees sway and try to hide her as she flirts shamelessly with the breezes more and more i find i must locate said moon in the night to anchor myself, to feel the joy cast melancholy from my inner depths she smiles and comforts me great goddess of the dark tides of women and mysterious oceans are hers to keep from men gazing on that brilliant sphere i feel- and fear-the world too great for me will swallow me up if i cannot find luna in her castle studded with the heavens to wrap me up and dry my weeping eyes and put laughter in my spirit. I find I can't help but write poetry these days. It's all floating around in my head and there's no one to blame but Nick and Hans. I'd like to see more of both their poetry as well. Who knows if it's any good or not, but dammit, I like to write it. New stuff usually appears at my urlLink livejournal first, if here at all.

 just randomly posting, bored Current favorite Futurama quote I am desperate to use in conversation: Hermes: Baby needs a new pair of shoes! Zoidberg: Forget your spoiled baby, I need those shoes! Things I got in the mail whilst in Texas: -Ani tickets. *gush* They are sitting on my record player, winking at me seductively. At the concert I am going to buy the biggest fucking poster I can find for my wall in Plano. Big fucking Ani poster. Ginormous. (I've never written that word out before, it looks weird) -My fun new purse and tshirts. One of them does not fit, oh well. Back it goes. -A check for $600 from the Ramona Unified School District, my thanks for putting up with the freshman for an academic year and forcing them to become better brass players. Still waiting in the mail for: -9 mixed CDs Obligatory home decoration/Target rant: My mom and I got on a decorating kick today, and went through her collection of posters and prints. I found some neet stuff for my future walls: a menu for the Ghiradhelli Chocolate Factory, several small Mary Engelbright prints, a Del Mar Fair advertisement from 1990, an ornate recipe for cheese fondue. Katie and I went out for coffee and then went over to Target to look at their furniture. The orgasmic WaterPik shower head is only $20, and in August it shall be mine. Goddess, I love Target- especially that I always seem to find a desirable CD there for only $10. Tonight it is the self-titled Phantom Planet album. Also, a rainbow belt that is reminiscent of a belt I had as a young'un, $10. I could in entirety furnish a home and entertain myself for ages at Target, and in fact that is just what I may do in Texas. Procrastination of the week: As I mentioned earlier, I have been invited to guest blog at urlLink Feministe , and it was my intention to do a Susan McClary style analysis of Fanny Mendelssohn's Piano Trio. However, both audio and visual of the piece are proving difficult to find (not a surprise in the stodgily patriarchal art music world). Therefore I'm working on a look at Tara and women in Buddhism. Weird physical annoyance: My skin is very sensitive and sore on my right side/lower back. Please please don't let me have some sort of organ ailment that requires health coverage. Please. People I miss/am thinking about a lot right now: Jerry, Abby, Davis (I have a present for you), Ryan, Nick, Hans, Megan, Dan B.

 jet lag! Okay, not really. For some reason though, this trip exhausted me. I think the month or so of constant swim lessons, lifeguarding, and otherwise intense mental activity (related to making decisions about my future) caught up with me on the plane to Dallas, and thus I spent most of the time I wasn't interviewing or getting lost sleeping. So, I'm moving in two months. To Plano- I may have mentioned the apartment I was going to look at, well, it's awesome, it's cheap, and it's got a creek and preserve running behind the property. I'm in love. Perhaps it's not the most perfect place I could find- the community is a little older, the upstairs shower is a stall, and there's only washer/dryer hookup (although I think that's standard of all of these condo-esque places), the pool is tiny and curvy not suited to lap swimming, etc. But then, every place has its downsides. As per Dallas and the area itself, I'm not a big fan. The creek behind this apartment was the deal breaker for me- I've got to have some sort of nature to escape to from the flat suburbs of the surrounding area. It has its pretty places, fields and clumps of trees, but I can tell I'll be drinking in all the nature I can handle in San Diego until then. The cut of a mountain against the sky, the shape of hills and valleys, the cliffs and beaches of the ocean- all of these are things I must learn to do without. I did it in Wisconsin, of course, but I'm insanely in love with Wisconsin and its farmland and subtle hills and lakes and forests. Insanely. However, I am doing this for money. See, I'll be making more than I know what to do with. More money in the first month than I've EVER had in my bank account. As much as I hate to be that way- well I can't help it. We need money in this society like it or not, and if I want to change paths and forge a different life then I should be confident I can finance it. Three years or so in Texas, then we'll see. Perhaps grad school. Perhaps the east coast and activism. Perhaps I'll get extraordinarily good at trombone and win the Rhythm and Brass audition (I'm projecting). Sigh. Though, I am excited. This apartment is awesome, I get to share it with Chris, I get to meet new people and be out truly on my own and make my own decisions again. I plan on seeing Jason as often as possible, and making trips to NOLA and Albuquerque and other places whenever possible. During the summer (see, I get summers off!) I can go visit Bethany in Germany. There's still living to be done, and now that everything's settled I'm anxious to be doing it. Two months! It will seem to go by slow, but it'll be fast like ripping off a bandaid and soon enough it'll be Ani's concert on July 27th and the next day I'll be headed out with my stuff packed into every nook of my car. Just like a run-on sentence, it'll be. Between now and then I still need to have a summer fling, visit Jennii in LA, send Adam off to Boston, think about Jerry getting settled in New York and write lots more poetry. It'll be a busy summer.

 i forgot to tell you I was doing my best to set aside my stereotypes of Texas until I'd actually been to the place, but the first two people I saw outside of the airport were a man with a killer mullet and a girl yelling, "Hey, y'all! Y'all over hea-re!" Just so.

 hey everybody, i'm big tex A quick update- Thanks to Chris for hooking me up with his friends in the area so that I could stay for free. Dollar fucked up my rental car reservation, and then informed me that they were entirely out of cars. I went around to all the other places and found one (E-Z) that was just as cheap as Dollar, and only charged $10/day for my under 25 year old ass, so in all, it ended up being a better deal. I have a Kia. It's nice, you know, CD player, etc. I can't complain. Interviewed/talked with the dudes at Sachse (pronounced similar to Sexy, hee), a BRAND spanking new school with brand spanking new horns, etc, very nice place. They're going to hook me up with some middle school students as well as their high schoolers. I talked with Mike Brown, who is familiar with teaching in the area- the biggest and most exciting thing he told me is that I can write just about anything I buy off on my taxes. That means I can buy Sibelius (and if I join TMEA, it's 200 bucks less), a laptop, cds, music, etc...woo. Basically I employ myself and make my decisions about how to report to the IRS. Tomorrow, two schools (Plano and Poteet- coolest name ever), and I'm going to go look at this amazing apartment I found with loft and huge kitchen. Squee. It's beautiful. 2 bed 2 bath, patio, etc, 915/mo. Damn. No state tax here, either. And gas is under 2 bucks! Dallas, I'm soooooo into you . I'll have to do some sightseeing as well. I got a little lost on my way to Sexy Sachse, and saw a lot of cows. It's pretty so far...different than both San Diego and Wisconsin. In other news, I'm extremely flattered that Ms Lauren at urlLink Feministe invited me to guest blog for her. I'm working on a post regarding Fanny Mendelssohn's Piano Trio and the feminist sonata form. Keep an eye on her blog for my cameo. That's all for now!

 face to face with...? I just had quite an intense morning. I'm working at HCW, doing the usual office things (reading halfheartedly, wandering out to the playground to take occasional naps, shattering Chris' Snake II high score on my cell phone) when one of the Board of Directors comes in (HCW is a community club, run by the home owner's association) to do whatever it is that she does with the homes and the people that reside in them. Apparently, she and Dana (boss) have quite the relationship going. I listened to them argue in circles and not listen to each other whatsoever for at least three hours, at which point they were still in the same little arguing box, not having made any productive ground. They started to talk about the problems here with the pool, and kids not following rules that is backed up by the fact that many parents expect lifeguards to serve also as babysitters. BOD lady suggests to Dana that he should not hire female lifeguards for the summer. I've been blocking out most of the conversation for quite some time now but I have feminist radar, you know, that's always on with a little red light that blips calmly when all is well and goes berserk when I hear discrimination. I keep my feminist radar in excellent condition, spit and polish every morning, regular service trips... Now, honestly, I think the sort of blatant sexism of the sort BOD lady is projecting is rare and/or contained to small segments of the greater population, so the things she said didn't make me angry in the sense that sexism is rampant and raging in our communities and affecting the status of my employment. Rather, it was personally insulting. Her reasoning: Girls have trouble being tough with kids and enforcing rules. Come to think of it- this is all she said, with no backup example or anecdotal 'proof'. She told one story about watching a lifeguard discipline a kid and subsequently get bitched out by the kid's parent, after which I was fully expecting her to launch into a flood of tears and quit passionately on the deck of the pool, leaving to mother a hoard of beautiful cherubic children and scrub her husband's feet...but no such ending materialized. Just a sort of basic assumption that it would be for both the club's and the female lifeguard's own good that she not work here as kids are out of control and ill-behaved. To her credit, she did not know that I am a lifeguard. However, I am a lifeguard. I have worked in numerous settings: rec pools, lap pools, lake beaches, athletic club pools, and camp pools; I have never made a save but you could reasonably credit that to the efficient manner in which I enforce rules and regulations. I can swim fast; I have no qualms kicking kids out of a pool if they disregard my authority (in fact, it is a pleasurable activity). The look on my face must have been priceless, because Dana laughed when I stood up fast from my chair and affixed BOD lady with my patented death stare. Don't argue societal conceptions of gender with a feminist lifeguard. We are mean and we have whistles. At any rate, I may have impressed upon her in my diatribe the importance of chucking that particular assumption out the window (and cheers to Dana for his example that our weakest lifeguard is a man- and a bodybuilder), but our argument was likely just as circuitous as the earlier ones. Also, she seems like a pushy and opinionated lady. I doubt that she is projecting her own inability to govern the actions of children onto us, so from wence comes this attitude that women are weak and incapable of discipline? She might be pulling a Phyllis Schfaly on me (Phyllis is a darling right wing shill dedicated to sending women back into the home with their kids, yet last I checked did most of her own work outside of the home). Interesting to me in this whole experience is the very nature of such a comment seeming so out of place these days. Such a hiring policy as she would see fit to enable is naturally illegal and discriminatory, and in a profession such as lifeguarding rendered outdated. Lifeguarding has been one of the more gender integrated jobs I've worked (okay, it's really the only job I've worked) and, as in real life, inability to do your job properly is an individual fault and not the result of the placement of your gonads. I guess that would make me optimistic that I don't run into this more often (although I'm still peeved), and that most people would immediately disagree with BOD lady. Hm, I can't decide...am I optimistic, peeved, or just generally amused? Or maybe this is one of the reasons to be a feminist. So you can reduce your opponents to a quivering lump of poorly argued jelly.

 declaration I intend to have a summer fling. My conditions are ripe for romance (or urlLink lust as the case may be): I am (kinda) newly single (kinda, if you count that Jerry and I parted ways several months past and I have finally been able to move on emotionally just recently). I have a job which provides me with the necessary golden tan to attract members of whatever sex. I am moving at the end of July, so there is neither time nor pretense to develop a deep and lasting intimate relationship. I have a twofer coupon to Magic Mountain and the income to blow on just-barely-above-sleazy hotels in the greater Los Angeles area. There's nothing that appeals to me more right now than the prospect of hot birthday sex. I'm ready for anything. Seriously. Bring it on.

 a fool and her money... I bought some fun feminist-y stuff today, from a store called urlLink Strange Monster . It appeals to my inner Lydia. Even though I desperately need jeans, dress clothes, and shoes, I bought t-shirts. Check 'em out! This is my favorite: I did get something I needed, though, a new purse/bag: je les adore.

 pictures! huzzah! Blogger is now offering urlLink Photoblogging , via urlLink Hello . The three posts below are from the March, obviously. Woohoo! I *heart* new Blogger.

 urlLink Ani on the big screen, plus cool effects. &nbsp; urlLink

 urlLink The crowd at the rally. 1.15 million people, dammit!&nbsp; urlLink

 urlLink Marisa and I at the March. I particularly enjoy the Washington Monument protruding from Marisa's head. &nbsp; urlLink

 the fda is doing some fucked up shit these days urlLink The US government said it would ban homosexuals from making anonymous donations to sperm banks, in the name of preventing transmittable disease . Obviously, there is a need to be concerned about the spread of HIV, but, as the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force points out, "The FDA guidelines are unscientific. There is a 72 hour test which would provide information as to whether a person was HIV positive..." 72 hours, and that's it. Instead of turning away viable, healthy donors, the FDA could be actually performing tests that do not discrimate against one segment of the population. It seems to me the government is afraid of that dreaded "gay gene" that would unleash the horrors of homosexuality upon unsuspecting Americans. Mercy me, wouldn't that just rain on the right-wing parade. Latent in this action is the hypocrisy of saying one is concerned with the spread of a deadly STI but at the same time spreading misinformation about condoms and denying proper sexual education about transmission and prevention. Then again, I'm long past the point where I'm surprised at anything the Bush administration and cronies do that is hypocritical or just outright stupid. Tonight would be a good night to start reciting that urlLink mantra ...

 for shame blogger, for shame! Haloscan comments are back. I'm sorry to those of you who could not comment due to the stupidity of Blogger comments being "members only." You can make it open to anyone, apparently, but I missed Haloscan. I was lonely without you all. Please comment. :)

 just a few things i want to do when I get to Dallas 1. Take a self-defense class. I've been itching to find one for a while now, but haven't had the money. I was hoping that Frogs would offer one (being as I can go to any of their classes for free as an employee), but unfortunately they don't. They do, however, have three different yoga classes and a pilates workout, which I will be attending next time around. Self-defense in whatever form, I think, is important. I like to be on top of my game, physically and mentally, and to have control of a situation when I feel threatened or in danger. I can buff up in other ways (like Nick and I doing medicine ball routines at the pool), but I'd like to learn how to bring a man down, so to speak. An interesting side note: I get bored with regular old exercise. So today, after doing a few sets of weight lifting with my mom's two five pounders (wow, that sounds bad), I decided to test my reflexes. Lying on the floor, I would throw one of the weights up in the air and roll to the side just in time to dodge it. So I wouldn't cheat, I made myself wait a split second after I threw it (see, I knew it was coming so it's easy enough to start your roll as you throw it). Hey, I'm pretty good. Next stop, James Bond school. 2. Find mandolin lessons. I've got my mandolin out right now (that also sounds bad), but all I can do is play the same five-ten songs over and over with my atrocious technique (skipping all the ones with chords). I'd like to do more, and learn well enough to improvise and play bluegrass with others. 3. Buy my own webdomain and spiff everything up. 4. Get Photoshop and make my own weblog banner. 5. Build a computer free of all Microsoft products I can avoid (Is Photoshop MS? This should be number 3. Oh well). 6. Brush up my french. 7. Volunteer at Planned Parenthood (in Texas especially they seem to be under vicious attack). 8. Learn how to arrange music, and fiddle around with composition. This requires a few more computer additions including Finale (or Sibelius...which do you prefer?), Cakewalk, etc. 9. Improve time management skills so that I can attempt to do at least three of the above items in addition to practicing, teaching, and sleeping.

 public service announcement Please go to urlLink Margaret Cho's blog and watch the March video she has on the left side of the screen. It had me alternating between tears (goddess, what a beautiful day that was...the memories flooding back) and hysterics (Wanda Sykes! "Look at all this color going to waste!" hehehe) and happiness (well, duh). The last segment is Ani playing live, which I recorded a snippet of for you urlLink here . There's a part in the video with her, Howard Dean, and Margaret that I just love. Hearing her live performance again gets me all reved up to get to July 27th all the more quickly. I can't believe that was nearly a month ago. The memories are fresh, and poignant, and I'm so proud I was a part of this. The power of a crowd that magnitude, with that much hope and energy and direction-- it leaves me breathless.

 dallas update I'm flying to DFW next Wednesday, staying through Friday, to do interviews and choose my schools for the fall. I'm so bloody excited! I keep thinking about it, about having a steady job and income (steady is all that I really need, not glorious mountains of money), about having a kick-ass roommate in Chris, about finally being free financially of my parents for real. It's exhilarating! So far, I have three interviews set up, and hopefully more; I know there's one other band director left to contact me for sure. And I'm glad I get to visit the area, because I have some serious misconceptions and stereotypes about Texas that need to be either proved or realigned. This post isn't terribly in depth, but then again, I'm not feeling much more that excitement. I also get the feeling that everyone in the blogosphere is on summer vacation, or close to it. Y'all have been awfully quiet lately...

 bush as a meditation device Avalokitisvara Via urlLink The Republic of T , an article that emphasizes a few of the things I've been thinking about lately in regards to Buddhism and the current state of politics. urlLink Is Bush the Anti-Buddha? How does a student of the Dharma deal with the rising temptation to wish ill will on the perpetrators of such shocking and detestable undertakings? To the specter of four more years of Bush, what is an appropriate Buddhist response? Bush's administration has administered quite a number of negative deeds on both America and the world, in the name of compassion. So much of what I hear on the news each day makes me angry and vengeful- but to act on that is to go against the principles of Buddhism I practice. You must do no harm, you must see every being as worthy of your love and enlightenment. And toward some who give you trouble, who test your patience, you must exhibit infinite compassion. Thus, I can see Bush as a challenge to my bodhimind, put in the path to challenge my resolve. It is easy to feel violent when thinking of the atrocities committed, but instead I must think of the best way to express my compassion. If Bush continues the path he has chosen, his karma will overcome him for numerous lives into the future. Thus, it is in his best interest, and it is in the interest of conscience-minded Americans whose taxdollars colludes us in any US action, to send him home in 2005: George W. Bush is unfortunately no Angulimala or Milarepa who were able to overcome, to awaken to the unskillfulness of their actions and repent the loss of life they caused. In fact, Bush may be the closest we can come to an anti-Buddha: a global poster-boy for profound ignorance. We can use him in our visualizations. We can breath in his confusion and breath out to him our clarity. We can also get out on the campaign trail for candidates who more closely represent that first precept: Do no harm. Sit and breathe contemplating this and see if you feel called to volunteer on voter-registration drives. Mindful that the real source of American power does not come from its superior war machine but from its constitution, its leadership in the global community, its democracy and its history of respect for human rights, George Bush has seriously weakened America. For this he deserves no praise, only reproach. But my practice has helped me prevent any grim imaginings in his regard. When I'm stricken with unskillful thoughts about the President, I immediately focus on the words of the Buddha: "Hatred can never put an end to hatred, love alone can. This is the unalterable law." Now my visualizations are of bearing witness to a panoply of devas and gods, the Bodhisattva Avalokitesvara, and countless rows of Buddha's and Bodhisattvas throughout space and time sitting in the clouds and celebrating Bush's retirement from the Oval Office and his safe return to Crawford, Texas. Then I close with two healing mantras in rapid succession: "May all beings be happy and free from suffering -even Bush" "May all beings be happy -and freed from Bush." Indeed. "Oh King, do not kill For all that lives cherishes life. If you wish to live long yourself, respect life And do not even think of killing." -Chapter of the Truthful One

 happy marriage equality day! urlLink Congratulations! I wish I could be in Massachusetts today, because I can feel the good vibes and the happiness all the way over here in California. urlLink More photos

 [zoidberg]finally, i look as pretty as i feel![/zoidberg] Back to mundane concerns for now. I finally found a hairdresser who understands. Most of the time, you go in for your standard short pixie cut, and Ms/Mr Barbie Bouffant gives you what I like to call the thirty-something Aunt Trixie look, with the longish mullet-back and the absence of sideburns. You have to beg for texture, and convince her/him to go shorter (funny, they have no qualms about taking too much off when your hair is longer). Style is out of the question; you'll get a little gel or something, and then loads of hairspray (I detest hairspray), but you'll have to go home and survey the damage in your own mirror, after several showers, if you want to know what your haircut actually looks like. Well today I was lucky enough to get Missy, a grrl with the cutest haircut I've ever seen (and she said she did it herself!), which I covet. She's not too shabby looking herself...in fact, rrrowr. Anyway, we went through the whole description of what I'd like done, what shorter, etc., and she gets it. Immediately. To do the things I want to do with my hair, spikey hip bed-head nonsense and all, she tells me how she will make it so I don't have to spend hours styling (not that I would do that anyhow). Yes. Go Missy, go! And that whole neckline fiasco from last time, I don't even have to break a sweat. Missy's on it. We got the texture, we got the razor cut, we got the funky style. Tart me up and get me liquored, if I ain't ready for the bars.

 shh, i'm digesting Finished: urlLink Let me tell you a story. This afternoon, I took a nap as I was exhausted. Having been suckered into taking the opening shift at Frog's Club this morning, I had been up since 6 am, lifeguarding and teaching swimming lessons sucking all my remaining energy. While I was sleeping, I had a dream. Not a silly dream, like my last couple, or a crazy dream like they usually are, but a metaphorical, social commentary kind of dream that pretty much sums up everything I've been cogitating on the past week or so I've been reading Mr Jensen's book. In my dream, I was in my real-life position of swim instructor, and I was talking to a group of parents interested in signing their children up for swimming lessons. After explaining to them what I would be teaching, my various techniques, how long the lessons would be and how much they would cost, I told them they had a choice. They could either enter their children in my class, teaching them how to swim at the expense of the environment (chemicals from the pool killing animals and vegetation, and the pavement laid down to build it having exterminated a rare kind of bird) and at the cost of lives for children in third world countries (their bathing suits, the swim equipment, and the various other materials around the pool deck having been made by sweatshop workers in South America); or, they could not enroll their children, and run the risk that one day, they might drown. Is that really a choice? Obviously, I took a lot of out Mr Jensen's book. It's affected me profoundly, and I'm not sure how I can go back to living normally and casually, like so many of us do, in this world that's built on the backs of the less fortunate (and the brown, and the black, and the environment). Who made this computer? Is she still alive? I enjoy my Futurama DVDs greatly, but is it only because I've been fortunate enough to have a strong education in science that allows me to get most of the jokes? I made an extremely sarcastic comment today, my mom having dragged me into Walmart with her causing my eternal bitterness. She wanted to buy gelatin tablets, because it supposedly strengthens your nails and makes them shiny. She showed me, saying, "I think it's made a difference already" to which I responded, "That's great, the cows you killed are glad your nails look nice." She was hurt, and astounded, but she still bought the capsules. I can never chronicle precisely how much of what I do, eat, wear, etc, is affecting those who are exploited in other countries. I can't stop using electricity, although who knows what havoc is being wreaked on the environment (someone knows, sure, but I don't, and that's the point). I like scoring a cheap shirt or pair of jeans at the GAP, but at whose expense? The point is, we don't have choices. Sure, we can decide whether to watch Friends or Fraser (although you'll likely be disappointed in both), eat Domino's or Pizza Hut (again, you'll likely be disappointed in both), you can get gas at Shell or BP (but, Shell's urlLink intimidating people in Nigeria while here at home trying to pull the wool over our eyes with their cleaner fuel campaign, and British Petroluem struck a deal with China to urlLink drill in Tibet through extremely fragile ecosystems and nomadic pathways). You have lots of "choices" but none of them are truly any different from the next. Even if I want to eat organically, I have to take my car to Henry's. If I want to keep in shape, I have to douse myself in a pool filled with chemicals- chlorine being one of them- either that, or I have to pay to go (again by car) to a "preserved" area, set aside and maintained so that I can convince myself I'm communing with nature. Who mined the metals that made my trombone? How many trees did it take to make my library collection? What is the indigenous name for the place I live in? What kind of plants used to be here, and how many that are now don't belong? So, where do I look? How do I stop this madness, or at least take steps to correct it? Choose my battles? Become a hermit? How do you guarantee you have real, palpable choices in this world? What kinds of decisions do you make to live freely? Can you take all the anger and frustration and sadness and roll it up and make it effective? Let me know. Otherwise, I'm thinkin' we're doomed.

 bah! I'm awfully lonely. I should know better than to do any of the following things: -Look at my blog archives -Peruse photo albums -Attempt to call old friends -Think Looking back on this year it seems to me like it was a complete and utter waste of time. I know there are those of you out there getting all geared up to comment with "No, nothing is ever a waste of time, think about the stuff you did that was fun, educational, or profitable..." Before you do, understand that when things are a complete waste of time for me, it all boils down to one thing: I don't have enough time with friends. What's the point in reading lots of books if you don't have anyone to share it with? What's the point of money if you can't go out and buy drinks for people? What's the point of fun if most of it was had watching entertaining TV programming or spent reading humorous blogs on the internet? Okay, I won't be so utterly pessimistic. Here are some of the things that stood out from the academic year 2003-2004: - urlLink Youngblood at Winston's -Googaloo rehearsals -Madison in October - urlLink Bela Fleck -Jerry's visit -Audition Tour 2004 -Having time to cook -Conversations with Natalie - urlLink Hillcrest 101 At work Wednesday I had a short conversation with Linda, the director of the swim lessons program, about my plans for the fall and if she wants me to continue teaching all the way until I move. She's a great lady; she was so excited for me and promised to give me her son's contact information. He's a tuba player in Houston, apparently. Anyway, she said one thing that stuck out in my mind, meant as a reason for me to consider joining the Masters swim program (which I am, anyway). Basically it was framed around "well, I know you might not make many friends around here so..." I think it might have been part compliment, part slur on the other employees. I'm not sure. But she's right to one extent; these are all extremely nice people I work with but the combination of our busy teaching schedules and our disparate ages makes it hard to becoming chummy. Nick is fun, but he's so young and it's more like a Strelow friendship (ah, Madison references). Dana is great- but we have different worlds I think. But whatever. What's my point in mourning this year if it's almost over, anyhow? I've made my decision to kickstart a career, and I'm making plans to implement it (although I'd better get started planning a trip to do interviews, STAT). I should be excited and that excitement should be enough to get me to August, right? The truth is, I go between lots of emotions about Texas, most of them positive (a few of them include anxious, shit-my-pants-scared, and apathetic), but I'm having a hard time looking forward and closing the door on the past. I get this feeling of vertigo when I think about my memories, of college, when I look at my pictures and remember the stories behind them. It's like I can look at the pictures and see the people and then in an instant also see where they are now, and where they are going, and how it gets farther and farther apart from me, from the direction I'm going. Jerry's the most obvious example. Bethany and Emily are another. Not only are they on with their own lives apart from mine, they're leaving each other as well. All this also fuels my relationship with Davis, because I get the feeling we're thinking about the same things and fearing the same outcomes. We both left Madison behind, and we're both vaguely unhappy. What will everyone else feel when they leave it? What's in store for them? Adam's leaving for Boston in a month, to start over. Megan's moving to Albuquerque. Marisa might be engaged soon. Lots of people ARE engaged. Or married already. I need life to slow down, NOW. And me, I'm going to Texas. I have no idea what to expect. Never in my wildest dreams would I have guessed I'd end up there. Texas. In the midst of this growing apart of the people I have loved, I get to reconnect with Chris and possibly Jason, and that makes me happier than words can say. Oh man, you could totally make a Brat Pack movie out of this post. I call Molly Ringwald.

 dreamin' I had some crazy dreams last night, but in a realistic way (meaning, there were no character shifts, flying monkeys, or blue sheep). In the first one I was at the Ani concert, only she was doing a roving show, and walking around with her guitar. She stopped by me and we had a conversation, although I don't really remember what it was about. She looked really exhausted, and I wanted to give her a big hug and put her in bed with a bowl of soup. In the second dream, Jerry wanted us to get married, and I said okay. But after a couple of weeks (in dream speed) I realized that I didn't want to, and when I tried to stop it, I found that everyone but me was making plans for the wedding, and it was going to be a real traditional affair. Not what I wanted. So I went to talk to Jerry about it (who lived, for some reason, with two young Chinese boys in an extremely messy apartment that was mostly staircases with waterfalls pouring down them- okay, that's the crazy part), but he got extremely upset and wouldn't talk to me. He said we were getting married whether I liked it or not! I tried to reason- saying I wanted it to be more like a civil union affair, or a commitment ceremony, and that there was no way in hell I was going to wear three feet of ruffly lace on my ass, but it didn't work. So, I ran off and through myself down the waterfall. Let that be a lesson to you.

 i cannot believe this, i cannot believe this... Were you in doubt that there is a sexual double standard? That there is an epidemic of sexual assault and abuse on the part of men toward women? That there are some truly scumbag lawyers out there? urlLink Doubt no longer . Warning: This is a very graphic article; do not read the last half if you are emotionally triggered by acts of rape, violence, etc, or if you just don't want to deal with it. I wish I hadn't read it, but I couldn't tear my eyes away. It just kept getting worse and worse until I felt like I would burst inside. You know, honestly, I can't even begin to be clear, academic or even focused on this issue, I just want to cry and roll into a ball. I kept imagining how that could have been me, any of my friends, my students...because it is. And really, lately I've been thinking a lot about the wall of ignorance I came up against in one of the topics at the urlLink OTJ forum , denouncing feminism, and when I read this I thought, "why do these people want me to be afraid? why do they put down the only thing that's managed to make sense of this hateful world?" And I what will I do, come Monday, when I go into coach my freshman boys, and look into their eyes and think, "are they capable of this? what are they being taught?" Who do you trust? How do you live your life? What I wouldn't give to take this girl up into my arms and erase it all away- although, I'm thankful partly that she won't remember it. All she has is her imagination, and the tape, if she could stand to watch it, but what is worse, anyway? I know he's a lawyer, and he's paid to defend, but I cannot imagine how he can sleep at night. Does he have a daughter? A wife? A mother? Does he detest all of them the way he can so easily pass judgment on a girl he doesn't know, who has visual evidence in her favor? Perhaps it is easy for him, because that's how he feels about women as well. Is he capable of this? What was he taught?

 free music! I'm participating in a fun urlLink feminist CD swap , and my CD is all done and ready to procreate. If you're interested in a copy, I have an extra envelope or two with your name on it. The playlist is loosely based around sensuality and sexuality, with chicas like Bjork, Ani, PJ, Billie, and Beth weighing in...and more! Very ecletic and cross-generational. You interested? Email me your snail mail address. lahusting @ uwalumni.com

 joining the new wave of...something or other Having heard some good things about Mozilla's urlLink Firefox browser, I decided to give it a try (why not, eh? it's free to download, my internet connection is ridiculously fast, and i'm always looking for new ways to stick it to the corporate man). It's pretty dang sweet. So far, my favorite feature is that you can open new windows in tabs that appear at the top of the window, thus axing the need for lots of browser windows clogging up your navigation bar thingy (whatever you call the dohicky at the bottom of your screen). They also have nifty themes, so currently my buttons are purple. heee!! So far most sites look great, no problems with colors or line-up or anything. Been thinking idly about building my own computer when I get to Dallas, and attempting to free myself from most Microsoft products. I'm not entirely sure what that will entail, but I've got time to do research anyhow. Included in my research will be web design and more complicated blogging tools that will get me set up in a comfy space of my own. Off topic but exciting, one of the schools Chris told me to take without second thoughts contacted me for teaching and marching band tech positions (Plano). I so rock. I am both honored and bashful that the folks at urlLink Feministing have linked me, considering I infrequently do political/feministic posts these days. It makes me happy that I have a picture of blue Tara on my sidebar. Here's what HH the DL (that sounds like a hip-hop name, word) has to say about Tara: There is a true feminist movement in Buddhism that relates to the goddess Tara. Following her cultivation of bodhicitta, the bodhisattva's motivation, she looked on those striving toward full awakening and she felt that there were two few people who attained Buddhahood as women. So she vowed, "I have developed bodhicitta as a woman. For all of my lifetimes along the path I vow to be born a woman, and in my final lifetime when I attain Buddhahood, then I, too, will be a woman."

 urlLink EEEEEP!! So, I check out the Ani D tour page over at urlLink Righteous Babe every so often, although it infrequently changes. Listed there is a show in Flagstaff, AZ, that would be feasible for me to drive to if I could find a like minded soul willing to make a roadtrip. So I head on over to Ticketmaster to check out prices, when I find that...she's going to be here. In San Diego. Fuck. July 27th- and tickets go on sale Friday. They are reasonably inexpensive. I would go by myself and sit swaying in the audience feeling marvelous but I thought it would be nice to invite a friend, so I called Natalie. I figure, if I have to be in Dallas August 2nd, July 28th is the absolute latest I can leave, which means I'll be there around the 30th. That gives me 2 days to get settled in and figure things out. It's fast, and scary, but I'm trying to think of it like moving away to college and having to get adjusted to things quickly. Besides, if I go too early, I'll run out of money reeeeeal quickly. This means I can stick around here and work until I leave. It's a perfect goodbye present, given from me to myself, to say adieu to San Diego and prepare to meet the new challenges. Ani! Yay! Okay, I know I've been super starstruck for weeks and weeks but I promise I'll chill out soon. Maybe.

 your random lauren goodness, for monday It must be something in the water: All three of my private swim lessons today were cancelled due to sickness. At first I thought this was a remarkable coincidence, then I remembered that Lorin and Dana have both been sick since last week, and THEN I started to feel a little scratchy-throat ickiness. Plus headache, plus lack of energy= unhappy Lauren. Popping the echinacea, and the Halls Defense. I'm very disappointed that they took out the fun curvy right turn ramp that took you conveniently from Twin Peaks Rd to Community Rd. It's just your average whitebread right turn lane now, dime a dozen. It made my trip to Henry's all the more fun, and plus, who among us can say that swoopy ramp driving is not the best part of having a license? I can't; I still get excited when I get on the 78 from the 15 and go over the fun roller coaster bridge. When I find a new off/on ramp with that particular je ne sais quoi , that I have not previously enjoyed, I get positively giddy. I'm so weird. I love that I can buy everything I usually get, plus a handful of impulse buys, at Henry's and still manage to keep the tab under $55. All the fresh, organic veggies you could want, plus bulk cereal, plus the best cranberry juice around, plus super good Colby Jack cheese, plus low fat flour tortillas= very content and well-fed Lauren (for several weeks). I always seem to be at Henry's at the same time as the "Heart Starts Beating at Eight Weeks" bumperstickered car lady. Not having swim lessons today meant that I: -Washed my car (it's going to urlLink rain ) -reorganized my room and folded clothes (wow!) -cleaned my bathroom -paid my bills -cashed my tax refund and paycheck -lounged -washed sheets and towels -lounged more -napped. urlLink 91X , stop playing that bloody urlLink "Mexican Radio" song. I get it. You broadcast out of Mexico. It's cheaper. That's why you have the Spanish lady in between commercials, and why you play the Mexican national anthem at midnight. Along with, might I add, every other goddamn radio station in San Diego. Also, you are not the "cutting edge of music" if you are owned by Clear Channel. You're trying hard, I admit, and you're playing some hip stuff, but stop fooling yourself. Take a tip from urlLink 94.9 ; once I heard them play Bjork. And Tori Amos. Although, I have to admit their "It's about the music" commercial gets on my nerves like crazy. Why are all these radio stations so damn proud of themselves? Pad thai, or mixed veggie stir fry? Such a dilemma.

 urlLink Wondrous Vulva Puppet - celebrating feminine sexual anatomy I wish I could stand on a rooftop and shout "VULVA PUPPETS....VULLLLLLLLLLLVVAAAAAA PUPPPPPPPPETTTS!!!!!" at the top of my lungs. Whilst shaking my fists in the air, rolling my eyes about madly and brandishing one of my shoes at people. From the urlLink Wondrous Green Fairy .

 teaching I will admit, I was a little nervous I'd just made the decision to move to Dallas last week, and start up building a private studio. I've never been there, I've never taught privately (unless you count swim lessons), and I feel like I would have to do a lot of work, research, and practicing to get into shape to be the best instructor I can be. But I have to relax. When I go into my schools to coach I can do some fine teaching, and I see myself getting more adept at communicating new or different ideas each time. I love the short, friendly interaction, me and a handful of students, that going in weekly to coach provides me with, because it's similar to what I liked about Blue Lake. I'm not the full time teacher, so disciplinary issues are not my jurisdiction, and I'm not responsible for grades either. This leaves me off the hook, so to speak, of stress, and allows me to really dig and teach these kids some fun stuff. I can try out educational experiments, teach avant-garde techniques, and play around with different instrument combinations. I've felt throughout this year that I would be stellar at private instruction, because I have more ease one-on-one socially anyhow. Coaching groups was hard at first- but I love it now. I would like to get the same kind of feel for private teaching. This means I need to start a new regime of self-instruction, including picking up some texts on educational techniques, practicing my basic skills, and seeking out specific trombone knowledge. I'm tempted to rent a euphonium or tuba, and fiddle around on that to get more of a feel for how to teach the instrument. I talked to Chris on the phone yesterday, and it turns out if I'm hired to help out with marching band, I'll have to be in Texas before August 2nd. This means I'm aiming to be out of San Diego the last week of July, and take three days to get to Dallas (be advised, Megan, this means I will be spending a day with you in Albuquerque ;). I'm thinking about aiming to arrive the same day Chris comes down from Wisconsin, so that he'll have access to a car until he can get one of his own. Once there it'll just be unpacking, organizing, and getting ready for the job, plus hunting around town for an organic grocery store, and some killer veggie restaurants (according to a fact sheet I read on Dallas, it has more restaurants per capita than New York City). I'll also need furniture. I'm super excited- finally, I get to start planning for my fall adventures instead of sitting around here feeling lost and lonely. Even the technical, boring stuff excites me, like health insurance and car registration issues. First things first, though, I need to plan a trip to Texas to do my interviews and select my schools. Can I get a wOOt?

 sweet zombie jesus! urlLink Blogger got all weird and fancy on me. Three years of the same thing, and this crazy format nearly gave me a heartattack just now. This is just not something you can do to us Cancers. We like our change slow, deliberate, if at all. It's like coming into my crab shell and moving the furniture around! Eep! The one thing I'd wish they'd do, is make it so you can view individual posts when you click on the permalink. All the more reason to move on to the bigger and more hands-on weblog tools, I guess. EDIT: Oh, look at that. They did. I'm playing with the fun new templates but I can't figure out why my profile/links/archives are all down there at the bottom. Help! EDIT EDIT: I'm a genius! The stuff that is missing from my old page will be up shortly. I need to shower now; I'm stinky and gooey from sunblock lotion. Anyway, the reason I came to post: I could stare at urlLink this for hours. Take a second to let it load. Via urlLink Eat Your Vegetables .

 can you hear the gnashing of my teeth? Another two things theme, but this time they are not happy. 1. urlLink Women and girls have been deemed too stupid to use the morning after pill over the counter. The Food and Drug Administration told the pill's maker, Barr Pharmaceuticals, that before the drug could be sold without a prescription the company must either find a way to prevent young teenagers from getting it from store shelves or prove, in a new study, that young girls can understand how to use it without the help of a doctor. Is it just me or is there an inherent contradiction between those two demands? "We don't want teenagers to use it, but if they can prove they're smart enough, then I guess they don't deserve to be pregnant." [Via urlLink Feministing ] 2. Well, women are pretty stupid, but that doesn't stop them from being evil and manipulative. urlLink Sorry, we're responsible for the abuse of Iraqi prisoners. Oh, and feminists too. Linda, Linda, Linda: But one factor that may have contributed -- but which I doubt investigators will want to even consider -- is whether the presence of women in the unit actually encouraged more misbehavior, especially of the sexual nature that the pictures reveal I missed the part where all men became gentle, caring, prudent, asexual wimps. I really did. George Neumayr: The image of that female guard, smoking away as she joins gleefully in the disgraceful melee like one of the guys, is a cultural outgrowth of a feminist culture which encourages female barbarians. GI Janes are kicking around patriarchal Muslims in Iraq? This is [Feminist Majority Foundation president] Eleanor Smeal's vision come to life. Had Thelma and Louise gone off to Iraq -- and sexually humiliated some of Saddam Hussein's soldiers as payback for abuse to Jessica Lynch a few cities back -- the radical feminists could make a sequel. This sounds a lot like the attitude I ran into in the urlLink Is Chivalry Dead?" thread over at the OTJ. (as one poster told me: "Radical feminists, affirmative action zealots, and other such "activists" do not want "equal treatment" they want "superior treatment"" No. I just want shit like this to stop fucking happening.) And in case feminists and women didn't do enough: It is Muslims' fault. They took trillions of dollars in oil money, and instead of building a culture dedicated to elevating their people, including women, they have squandered it on agendas and adventures that had the opposite result. Put your thang down, flip it and reverse it, my oh my doesn't that sound like America. [Via urlLink Feministe ]

 things are, like, looking up, omigod! Two things: I've decided that, even if I get in, I don't want to go to McGill. I've sent them several emails requesting the status of my admission, asked questions of the professor, and left a phone message a two, NONE of which I've gotten answers for. The phone message and the emails to the admissions office do not bug me as much the fact that Prof Box has not responded to any of my queries, or even to my thank you note for the lesson. He's an awesome guy, and it sounds like he has a great studio, but I'm not sure I want to go through another session of schooling second-guessing my professor. If at some point I decide to reapply for graduate school, I'm looking for a professor who's going to be committed to my musical growth and not ignore me. A couple of other factors have led to my decision not to wait for McGill, and I'm still not sure that I'll be accepted. That said, I went ahead and sent off emails to the various band directors in Texas that Chris provided me information for. Immediately, I got a response from one band director, followed by two others a while later, all positive, all requesting more information from me. One guy was extremely excited I knew Chris, and it seems that his good example has set a positive precedent for me. Thanks Chris! (Thanks also for the email full of exclamation points :) So, something worked the way I wanted it to, for once. It looks like I'll be going to Dallas in the fall, maybe sooner depending on when Chris is moving and when the jobs here want to let me go. This is a good thing- I'll be immersed in music and trombone playing which means I might feel a little more excited about it. Even if I'm not, I'll have a source of income and a springboard from which to seek out other jobs I might be interested in having, dealing with feminism/activism and such. In the past couple of weeks my teaching experiences have been such that I realized I really enjoy it. Really. I've become invested in the success of my current students and the feedback from the directors has been all positive. Each day teaches me something new, and I'm becoming more adept at translating concepts into actions. The other thing: I have received in the mail today, 8 months late (but more than making up for it), my "birthday present" from Jerry. The Complete Futurama Season Two DVD set. 19 episodes, at least 10 of which I've NEVER seen, replete with the hilarious David Cohen/Matt Groening audio commentary, deleted scenes, and other goodies that I cannot wait to discover this evening. Four discs of Futurama goodness. Lots of Richard Nixon jokes. I'm so set on entertainment value for the next week. Thanks Jerry!

 i shouldn't read my archives. i miss madison.

 the stuff tuesdays are made of Of course, first of all, HAPPY BIRTHDAY JERRY! Try not to spend this one sleeping naked in the bathroom. Because urlLink Ms Lauren is always raving about Derrick Jensen, I had a copy of urlLink The Culture of Make Believe transferred to my library branch. Holy balls is that thing thick! I'm going to have to renew that sucka eight times. First I have to finish Promiscuities . I taught swim lessons today for the first time in four years. It was rough, not so much that it went badly, but that I'm not used to little little kids and water and trying to keep them from drowning and teaching them to blow bubbles all at the same time. I'm exhausted. Too lazy to link to it right now, but a user on livejournal is real-life meming by requesting mixed CDs of all women artists, inspired by the March for Women's Lives. I'm tearing through my collection now, trying to come up with a theme (besides the fact that they are chicas). It's proving more difficult than I thought it would, as my tastes are rather eclectic and the women represent that. Do I do a folk/rock CD? A soul/R&B/jazz dealie? Punk/indie? Or just mash them all together and theme it by song or topic? Speaking of CDs, I'd forgotten how reasonably priced the albums at Circuit City are. I got Fever To Tell (Yeah Yeah Yeahs) for a measely $10 and the Donnas new album, Spend the Night, for $12. Hurray! Totally braindead from the water and sun and little screaming children. I must tear myself away from this utterly pointless blog now. Now.

 SEX! I'm reading Naomi Wolf's urlLink Promiscuities: The Secret Struggle for Womanhood , and have been thinking lately about my own experiences growing up and learning about sexuality and sensuality. Wolf's book is a look, part memoir, part speculation, at how growing up in the licentious 70s during the sexual revolution in San Francisco shaped her opinions and actions about sexuality. Torn between the dichotomy of virgin and whore that lingers despite the best feminist efforts to kill it off for good, and the freedom of experimentation that enveloped the era, Wolf and her friends grew up in a world of confusion surrounding female desire. It excellently ties in with the more scientific research of Leora Tanenbaum's urlLink Slut! Growing Up Female with a Bad Reputation . While I can't identify with the time or the place that is the setting for Wolf's adolescence, her evocation of the slut/virgin standard reminds me of my own experiences. Lucky for me, urlLink California is one of the more progressive states regarding access to sex education and contraceptive information. Thus, brief as it was (I think only two weeks of one semester every year or so were dedicated to sex ed), I got proper and medically correct information about how sex works, how pregnancy works, and how diseases are transmitted. Obviously absent was any knowledge about female pleasure (but then again, male pleasure wasn't covered either, although we got plenty of that knowledge in day-to-day conversation), but at least I wasn't hit over the head with abstinence and religion. That said, I had the scientific education, but where did I stand emotionally? What did I think of sex? I didn't get abstinence education from school, but I sure as hell got it from my parents. Well, my mom. It was very bottom line: sex is an adult thing, and don't even dare skirting the issue. Dating for me began at 15, although I didn't really date anyone anyway, so that wasn't a big deal. Honestly, I never felt like I could even approach my parents about sex, like, they've said what they expect of me and to even think about bending the rules would be blasphemy. When I got my period for the first time, it seemed to come as a big shock for my mom. For me, it was no big deal and I was glad I finally got it (I was sick of watching those feel-good, pink frilly videos called "Who Am I Now" or "Your Changing Body"). But for my mom, it was a wake-up call that I was vulernable to the unavoidable sexual culture surrounding us. My youngest memory of sex is this: My best friend, Katie, lived across the street from me until 7th grade when she moved to Tennessee. We had sleepovers almost every weekend, and Katie, being much more advanced in the knowledge of such matters than I, frequently brought up the topic of sex. Either our Barbie and Ken would get passionate in the back of the convertible (despite their lack of genitals, they seemed to enjoy it) while we supplied the soundtrack of grunts and moans, or we'd huddle in our sleeping bags clasping my larger stuffed animals to ourselves pretending to do something we actually knew nothing about. They were always our husbands, and they always initiated it (Fivel was my hubby. Not bad for a mouse ;). I went along with this, but really I had no idea what was going on. Prudish as I might have been in high school, in reality my mentality just wasn't ready for sex of any kind yet. It was hazy, in the distance, and I knew for certain I didn't want it. My girlfriends and I giggled conspiratorily over George Michael songs and MTV programs, but they were forbidden, and it was exciting. Dating Dave was a bit of a wake-up call. Kissing, touching, these were all good things and I had no qualms about them. I didn't dig the whole boob-fondling thing at all- that made me extremely uncomfortable. I was almost more relaxed about the stuff below the belt than what happened to my breasts. Such close contact with a person obviously interested in me both sexually and emotionally had its effect- I began to see sex as something a little clearer, a little more desirable. There was no lack of opportunities; Dave's parents were never home when we were done with school so it was easy enough to fool around and not worry. He was extremely respectful and attentive, and I can't deny our relationship was great fun. I had no worries about compromising my reputation or my relationship by holding back. So, I did want to make that step with Dave on one level, because I knew it would be safe, but I couldn't do it, really. The more I became aware of my own sexuality, the more the world around me started to reveal the double standards and distaste that surrounded women's sexual experience. I was afraid now, of sex with Dave, because I saw what was happening to the girls around me that did go "all the way." I didn't think I could live with myself, or even respect my own decisions, if I agreed to do this. Social conditioning, perhaps, but I didn't know that at the time. However, I can't reprimand myself for waiting. God knows, we can't start doing that. I'm proud that I couldn't be sweet-talked, or coerced, into doing anything I didn't want. I just wish the atmosphere had been more friendly, more open to my desires for knowledge. Hell, I didn't really know anything about the clitoris until my freshman year roommate, Sarah, got a book called "The G Spot" and I would surrepitously leaf through the pages desperate to learn all this that I'd been denied for so long. Living with Davis was a tremendous bonus, too, what with her Guide and her openness about such matters. Finally, I felt like I could have sex and enjoy it, understanding all the aspects of both society and science that go into our perceptions of it. Perhaps I would have felt the whole issue was easier in high school if I'd known more and been prepared to deal with it. That being said, I'd like to hear what my generation learned about sex. Whether you went to high school with me or not, how did your perceptions about sexuality affect your adolescence? What were your experiences? Mine are limited, and condemned by the burden of my hazy memory. If you have a blog, write it there, and trackback. Or just leave a comment. C'mon, I know you all want to talk about sex. Baby.

 it's bloody hot urlLink Ugh. It's like walking out onto a parking lot in the desert with the fumes rising up from the blacktop and the wind just making it worse because it's blowing warm air in your face. That's right. It's blacktop hot. Looks like tomorrow it'll go back to being spring. Thank goodness- I'm not yet prepared for a southern California summer after four years of adjusting to the humidity and fickle-temperatured Midwest. There ain't thunderstorms out here to cool you off every other week, folks, it's just plain HOT all the time. Not that I mind it. I love HOT. Love it. Because my birthday's in the dead center of it all, in the middle of beach-season, dark-room-lying around, sweating like crazy over your beer on the backporch weather. And my birthday, as we all know, is a special event. It's just that...I like spring too, and I'm not ready to give up the flawless 75 degree days feeling fresh and frisky. I'm not ready to be sluggish and languid. Not yet. I've still got to buy summer clothes, shorts and skimpy tops. Flowy hippy skirts. Give me another month, please, San Diego. Just one more month.

 boy, do i have a drinking story for you Jack Black: Class, do you know what a hangover is? Kid: Yeah, it means you're drunk. Jack Black: No, it means I was drunk...yesterday. This one goes down in history as the weirdest, scariest, most hilarious night of drinking I have ever had. Adam and I drove ourselves down to Hillcrest to do a little binging, starting out at a place called Hamburger Mary's. Two margaritas, one Midori Sour, one Vodka Cran, and an Amaretto Sour later, we were at this sketchy-ass gay bar in which the female population totaled four, myself included. I am so wasted at this point that I don't seem to care that I am ridiculously out of place and continue to dance floppily to whatever 50 Cent song they were playing (the irony of 50 Cent being played in a gay bar was not lost on me, however). Eventually, after downing some poor kid's waterbottle without their knowledge, and perhaps without mine as well, I decide I must go outside to get some air. Mistake. The line to get in is outrageously long and immediately the bouncer refuses to let me back in, as I am "too drunk, sweetheart." Adam's still in there, and with him his car keys which will unlock my cell phone, wallet, and trip home. I have no cash left. In other words, I am royally screwed. Dejectedly, I sit outside on this planter mumbling nonsense to myself and hoping, praying, demanding that Adam come out immediately to rescue me. However, Adam is dancing with the gay men and is also too drunk to realize that I am missing. My boobs are not important here. I am an invisible woman (for the first time, and annoying, in this case). I try a few more fruitless attempts at getting back in, and finally the only thing I can think of to do is head back to Adam's truck. My right shoe has created a gigantic and deep blister on the ball of my foot, and at some point, the skin has begun to tear away. So, inbetween trying to act like a)I wasn't shit-faced beyond belief and could walk in a straight line, b) not toss my cookies, and c)figure out where the FUCK I am in bloody Hillcrest, where I have gotten lost EVERY SINGLE TIME I've been there (and that's sober), I'm limping like crazy and in severe pain. I make it to the truck, and climb in the bed in hopes that Adam will not be long in coming so that we can get our asses in a cab and pass in the comfort of a place with walls. No such luck for me...I spend a fair amount of time alternating between trying to convince the passersby that I belong in this truck and not to have me arrested for vagrancy and launching some sort of diatribe about how fucked-up anti-choice protests are. Eventually I curl up into a fetal position and try not to freeze my ass off. At some point someone gave me a blanket, which at the time was a very nice gesture but in retrospect I wonder how long they'd been watching me. When I wake up, it's 6:30 am, the sun's coming up, and there's still no sign of Adam. I'd been hoping it was all a dream, but no- I have the blanket, I'm dirty as fuck from lying in the bed of a truck all night, and I'm sure I look like a hobo. I'm relieved that, although I slept outside on a busy street in a big city, I appear to have been left alone. This might be due to the fact that once I got the blanket, I covered myself from head to toe and trying to appear as cargo-like as possible. My bank's nearby- I think to go there and get out some cash for a cab ride. Oh, it's Sunday. The only phone number I know by heart I can call collect is my parents...and I'd like to leave that for the last possible minute. At 8:30, I see Adam appear around the corner. He spots me and starts running, while I just stand there and shake my head. His story is almost as crazy as mine- after getting kicked out of the club he walked 30 blocks to his boyfriend's house and was lucky enough to be let in by his roomate and sleep in a bed. His wrist is all fucked up- bringing our drinking casualties to 2. Now that I'm safe and warm, and Adam and I have found each other, we're laughing hysterically. I can't believe this all happened to me. I fucking slept in a truck in the middle of Hillcrest! God damn, that's funny. I feel like crap-ola today. I want to eat all the junk food and big fatty hamburgers I can get my hands on, and then some Snickers. I can't really walk very well, because my blister is the size of China and I can't put any weight on it. My head is pounding. Have I learned my lesson not to drink so much and wander off in a strange neighborhood? Yeah, next time I'll take my cell phone with me. [For more drinking hilarity, amuse yourself urlLink here ]

 foul mood I'm tired, crabby, enraged, depressed, and the last thing I want to do is blog. I've been feeling like this for several days now, so I might not be around much. My inspiration is low and right now I feel like the most boring, least original, worst blogger on the planet. I also feel increasingly out of touch (and sad) with all y'all that read here- especially my UW friends. Seems awfully quiet. Also, I have so little energy to care. I'm sorry. Give books to Pamie. See you in a week or two.

 the heat's rising Just wanted to say that I saw urlLink Fahrenheit 9/11 yesterday, at a 11:45am matinee show that was packed. urlLink Jerry does a good job of summing up my sentiments. I can't say that it didn't tell me much that I didn't already know, but it put it all together in a fashion that had me crying at the end. And you should go listen to Ani's poem urlLink Self-Evident (under So Much Shouting/So Much Laughter) if you want even more perspective and righteous anger at the man who would be president. One more thing: Check out urlLink this comic by Lalo Alcatraz. It's quickly becoming one of my favorite reads of the day. The final quote from the movie: There's an old saying in Tennessee I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee that says, fool me once, shame on [long pause]-- shame on you. Fool me- [even longer pause, you can see the smoke coming out of his ears as the wheels turn faster]-- you can't get fooled again. George W. Bush, Nashville, Tenn., Sept. 17, 2002

 a thinking woman's meme A week or two ago Roxanne at urlLink Rox Populi posted an urlLink Open Thread on Feminism that I've been meaning to respond to ( urlLink Ms Lauren and urlLink Kate reminded me). Here it be, finally. 1. Define "feminism" Feminism is a way of making sense of the world and its inequalities, not just those dealing with women but those of other cultures, ethnic backgrounds, and class. Honestly, I think feminist thought drives a majority of the change in the world, even if it isn't distinctly defined as feminist. On a basic level, feminists say that women are the intellectual equals of men and deserve to be treated as such. Feminism is an effort to change the factors of our social environment that keep the woman down, so to speak. 2. Was you mother a feminist? I don't think she would use the term (a long time listener of Rush "Feminazis Want to Eat My Brain and Have Satanic Rites" Limbaugh) but I know she subscribes to the basic tenets of feminism: women are equals, women should not shoulder the burden of housework, etc. I was raised to be very independent and street smart; it wasn't until I hit puberty that she set in with the standard notions of gender roles (copies of The Rules , invocation of Dr Laura style chastisement) which I fought hard against. 3. Are you a feminist? urlLink Yes . I give you all collective permission to stare at my chest. 4. When did you come to that conclusion (#3) and what factors entered into your decision? A confession I have to make: Years of secondhand listening to Rush in high school (I hated him, but my impressionable mind still picked up some of his verbal diarrhea) and witnessing my father's own feminist-bashing caused me to be one of those "I'm not a feminist, but..." girls. Tenacious and competitive, I knew I was just as good as the boys and I hated gender injustice. In swimming, band (how can you be a girl trombonist and not be a feminist, even a closet one?), and academics, I overacheived. I was raised to be that way, of course, but I often took it as a personal cause to prove my gender's capabilities. Only in college, after maybe two days of Women's Studies 102, did I actually apply the term to myself. 5. What are the top five women's issues that require immediate attention? AIDS and family planning in third world countries (ditch the Global Gag rule and reinstate US aid to UNFPA); rescinding of laws that restrict abortion in the US; proper sex education and the elimination of the sexual double standard; regulation of global trade and companies with sweatshops- most of those workers are women and children; insuring that, whatever the hell we are doing in Iraq, we make it a safe place for women to walk the streets again.

 san diego libraries need you! urlLink Pamela Ribon , author of the incredibly hilarious Why Girls Are Weird , screenwriter, comedian, blogger extraordinaire, urges you to help out the San Diego County Public Libraries with a book drive. Many libraries have Amazon wishlists, and especially need children's books. Last year she did the same book drive with the Oakland Library system, to tremendous success. You can also give donations to the urlLink San Diego Public Library Foundation . From the urlLink The Library Journal: A proposed FY 05 $37.7 million budget for the San Diego Public Library, tentatively approved City Council, would be $204,642 less than last year, which means the system would close seven library branches on Sundays, cut materials, and reduce hours elsewhere. According to the San Diego Union-Tribune, the budget for salaries and benefits has increased $2.15 million, so the library will eliminate 20 positions from the budget. One councilman proposed private donations to keep the branches open. The city is trying to balance the budget by cutting $26.9 million in funding for parks, recreation centers, libraries, community centers, police storefronts and a child care program. The council must approve the budget by June 28. Pamie's entry can be found urlLink here . She's holding a contest this year: And this year I'll throw in a prize. Three donors will receive one signed copy of my book sent to their home. Contest runs until July 25th, one month from today. I'll have stee draw three names at random from every donor to the San Diego County Public Library System through their wishlists. I'll post the three winners names here on pamie.com on July 25th. Good luck! This is close to home, and the libraries here are dear to me- especially Rancho Bernardo, which has helped me get through this year with plenty of reading and listening material. I'll be taking the time before I leave for Dallas to go through my book collection and see if there isn't anything on a wishlist, or if there is a book dear to me that I feel someone else would benefit from as well. Take the time to read Pam's entry, and think about it- you can get cheap used/new/resale books through urlLink Amazon.com for oftentimes under $10.

 musings on billy joel Listening to my newly acquired Billy Joel album brings back some dusty memories. Step into the wayback machine with me, if you will. Picture Lauren, aged 13, rocking out to the copy of Stormfront her crazy-but-cool uncle Paul gave her during her last visit to Wisconsin. Now, that's some quality music for a 13 year old (admittedly I was a Billy Joel fan urlLink long before that, without knowing it). The delightfully overplayed "We Didn't Start the Fire," the hauntingly sad story of overfished waters in "The Downeaster, 'Alexa'," the rock apology "I Go to Extremes," the touching tribute to international relations "Leningrad," the slow tempo "And So It Goes," the tempestuous title track, and the song that is the inspiration for this post, "Shameless." The album I bought today, The Stranger , is young Billy ca 1977, and his voice, while recognizable, doesn't have the fully matured vocal quality of 1989's Stormfront . Occasionally I'd hear a lilt that reminded me of a feeling I've long forgotten: the feeling I used to get listening to Billy sing "Shameless" at age 13. It was my first experience with sensuality, with arousal. I had the biggest crush on Billy Joel. I had no idea what he looked like (this is long before the internet, remember, and I had a bootleg copy of the album), or what his other albums sounded like, or even his life story or personal behavior. None of this mattered, because when he sang "Shameless" I was just that- I'd be bouncing around on my bed singing at the top of my lungs to "I Go To Extremes" but when it was over I'd lie down on the floor and let his voice wash over me (no naughty thoughts now- masturbation was a dirty word to me back then). It was like waves of heat, or cold, but you never know which. It left me weak and satisfied. A musical orgasm, if you will. I haven't listened to the song before writing this post, but I don't need to because I can still hear the way his voice cracks when he says "I'm shameless baby/I don't have a prayer/anytime I see you standing there/I go down upon my knees" and it makes me shudder still. I've gone on to have my little love affairs with other people's vocal tics, sure, but you never forget your first love. In high school my section leader, Aaron, turned out to be a walking encyclopedia of Billy knowledge, including having the talent to play a majority of the repetoire on piano. He had (has? recently I heard he's playing open mics in town) a nice voice and we used to sneak into a practice room at Palomar college during lulls in rehearsals with the youth orchestra and he'd take requests. I'd ask for "Lullaby," or "Blonde over Blue." I was wise enough to not request "Shameless," knowing not only that no one could do it better, but also that I couldn't afford to love anyone who could sing to my heart like that. Yet. I haven't turned out to be a Joelhead, or whatever, the only albums I own are Stormfront , River of Dreams (for which I did wait diligently to arrive in stores), and now, The Stranger . These days I have to be in the mood and a little nostalgic to listen; he seems a little dated. Not to say some of his songs aren't timeless, but maybe just that I feel I'm not that innocent anymore. Rock is different now, a little dirtier. Billy stays in that young part of my head, singing to that tweenager just learning what love feels like. What about you? Who did you fall in love with at age 13?

 ooh, she's thrifty, she's just my type Having cancelled my swim lessons for the afternoon (I have completely lost my voice, which always happens to me when I get colds- although I fought the cold, teaching swim lessons in a loud environment ripped up my already weak vocal chords), I wandered over the Poway SA store to do a little thrifting. I didn't find anything in the clothes section that appealed to me (I've never been one for thrift store clothes anyway). There was a blue velour couch that rocked my world- shame there's no way I can get it to Texas. I made out like a bandit in the LPs section. You know, LP shopping is give and take- you have to look out for scratches, ripped or damaged covers, the right record in the folder. There were some gems there I wanted to take home (mostly classical, some Elton John) but the actual records were MIA. I did get: Herb Alpert and the TJ Brass, Going Places Billy Joel, The Stranger Chopin, Nocturnes, etc... Brahms, Piano Concerto No 2 Grieg, Piano Concerto in A minor, Peer Gynt Suite I salvaged some books too: Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch Garrison Keillor, Lake Wobegon Summer 1956 EM Forster, A Room with a View All these for under $8, which totally justifies my butchering of Beastie Boys lyrics. Reviews forthcoming. I'm currently rereading Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston. I read it when I was young, maybe 15, and I hated it. I think it was partly the vernacular speech she uses. That kind of thing no longer bothers me, so I'd like to give it another shot and see if I can appreciate it to the full extent it deserves.

 laughter, my anti-drug A poster in the urlLink Feminist community on Livejournal linked to urlLink Jacky Fleming , a British feminist cartoonist. Who says feminists don't have a sense of humor?

 do your good deed for the day Schwarzenegger is taking a poll on same-sex marriage. To participate, you can call the governor's office at: 916 445 2841. Select 5 to get to "Hot Issues", 1 for same-sex marriage, and 1 again to support it. Doesn't seem to be any restriction on what state you live in, but if you're in California, definitely do it. Quick, easy activism you can do sitting down! :)

 sharing the love If you're a urlLink Youngblood fan, don't miss their appearance on NPR: urlLink YBBB live Listen to how baffled Michele Norris is when Nat starts talking about multiphonics. Man, I can't believe he's leaving the band. They always sound so tight. What I wouldn't give to be in this group. Hi Joe Hulbert!

 oh, brother Before urlLink Adam left for Boston he gave me his copy of urlLink Skipping Towards Gomorrah: The Seven Deadly Sins and the Pursuit of Happiness in America by Dan Savage, of Savage Love fame. Here's what Dan has to say about the very place I am moving to in less than two months: Plano is the ugliest place I visited while working on this book. Hell, Plano is the ugliest place I've ever been to, and I've been to a lot of ugly places, from mud-brick villages in southern Egypt, to crumbling, Stalinist apartment blocks on the edges of Moscow, to Gary, Indiana. Worse than Gary, Indiana? Okay, I been to neither Moscow nor Egypt, but I have been through Gary and I can say safely that Plano has more charm that that. I understand the sentiment, though, because I hand-picked my apartment complex for the bike trail and creek behind it knowing I'd be desperate for a nature getaway in the middle of Square Grid Suburbia, USA. Planning on spending urlLink Halloween in Austin , and next year's urlLink ITA Convention in New Orleans. Oh, and most importantly, I will be in New York next Labor Day for a wedding. Congratulations, Marisa and Dennis! EEEEEE!

 and the winner is... In the category of Best Search Engine Entry to Find Buddha Stew, the award goes to: "futurama sex fiction amy leela fry gay fuck" entered by a Polish cartoon enthusiast using Internet Explorer 6.0. S/he was directed to my archives for urlLink March 2004 . Thanks for stopping by, brief as your stay was!

 morning meme-osa Act your age? (vingt-deux) I think I act too old for my age. Born on what day of the week? "Tuesday's child is full of grace" heh. There's a laugh. Chore you hate? I don't really hate any chores. I'm not a big fan of trash collection, I guess. Dads name? Edward Charles Essential makeup item? not essential, but I like to have concealer on hand. Favorite actor? Tim Robbins Gold or silver? Silver Hometown? San Diego, CA (born: Racine, WI) Instruments you play? tenor and bass trombone, mandolin Job title? Lifeguard/swim instructor Kids? About ten, for a half an hour a week. ;) Living arrangements? with the parental units. in less than two months to have my own awesome apartment with the awesomest of awesome roomates Chris McGann. Moms name? Kathleen Ann Need? a full body massage. also hot erotic affairs. Overnight hospital stays? not that I can remember. Phobias? used to: those creepy big eyed aliens on Unsolved Mysteries, and Price Clubs (something about large enclosed spaces with large boxes on wobbly shelving units). Quote you like? "When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all." God, from Futurama Religious affiliation? does the title of my site answer this question? Siblings? only the invisible ones I used to make up as a kid. Time you wake up? 9ish Unique talent? my near-perfect Wicked Witch of the West impression. Also I can do Steve Urkel. Vegetable you refuse to eat? peas. ew. Worst habit? picking at scabs and things. I'm just so fascinated by the healing process that I have to interfere (how very human of me). X-rays youve had? Teeth Yummy food you make? I think my Pad Thai is quite scrumptious. Zodiac Sign? A Cancer/Leo cusper. Mostly Cancer, but the older I get the more Leo I become. Thanks for the time waster go to urlLink Erica

 good news should come in threes. what's next? Chris and I were approved for the totally rockin' apartment in Plano. I can't wait- I plan on painting the walls and I just bought two big Ani D posters for decoration. There will be a kitty, possibly named Sergei (Prokofiev) or Begemot (after the Cat in urlLink The Master and Margarita ). Despite my bitching about work, I got a fifty cent raise today. While this is all well and good (and particularly nice), I still feel like there's too much need to ass-kiss. I'm just doing my job, don't make me feel like a twelve year old. Something else good ought to happen, to round it out to three. As Davis always does, here is my countdown to major events: 4 days til payday 23 days til Marisa comes to visit 33 days til my birthday ( urlLink hint ) 40 days til the big move 150ish days til the possibility of visiting Jerry in New York arises (Thanksgiving)

 testing testing one-two-three urlLink Audblog is now unlimited and free to Blogger users. If they keep offering me cool stuff like picture hosting and audioblogging, I'll never leave. urlLink Ally (Blue Laker extraordinaire and one of my favorite campers :) has agreed to design me a special, personalized template, which has got my panties all in knots from excitement. urlLink

 eee! Jerry will be in New York tomorrow. Good luck Jerry! Can't wait to hear all about it.

 eat me up I am Chocolate Flavoured. I am sweet and a little bit naughty. I am one of the few clinically proven aphrodisiacs. Sometimes I can seem a little hard, but show warmth and I soon melt. What Flavour Are You? stolen lovingly from urlLink Roni

 i have work to do in urlLink Texas . Dang.

 satisfy your inner geek A new museum has urlLink opened in Seatle . Ladies and Gentlemen: the urlLink Science Fiction Museum and Hall of Fame . squee. They even include Futurama: The museum explores developments in fictional space travel; one of the coolest sections is an interactive, computer-animated display that mimics a space station. Several ships float past, from the Enterprise and the Millennium Falcon to the Planet Express of the cartoon TV show "Futurama." Visitors can view images of the ships from any angle, learn about their dimensions and features, and see clips of them in action. As I am currently unearthing my childhood love of fantasy and science fiction, I am incredibly tempted to make a trip to Seattle just to see this place. Oh, and the rest of Seattle as well. Also, urlLink I, Robot is now a movie, set for release July 16th. I just might have to see that...gee, Will Smith likes his sci fi movies, doesn't he?

 work-related bitching [Stopping in to say hi. HI! What have I been doing with my time off, you ask? Lots of stuff. Mostly the money-making kind. Today I am hurtin', bad, from my signature six-mile hike to the waterfall in Los Penasquitos. Normally the walking isn't so bad, but I went with Nick from Frogs, and he likes to climb things, so when we got to the waterfall we also climbed all over the boulders. Quite fun. My shoulders and back are incredibly sore- and tomorrow I'm going kayaking, so I'd better rest up.] Things are Frogs are starting to piss me off ever so. Nick has been reprimanded and had his shifts taken away for a week because of his climbing over things, etc, and it is, in my opinion, a rather shitty thing to do. Before you punish someone for doing something you don't like, shouldn't you give them a warning first? Also, during his talk in the office with "assistant" Pool Manager and Club Manager they said they were "making an example out of him so that the rest of the guards would step up." That doesn't exactly sit well with me, nor does sit sit well with most of the other guards I've talked to. We all agree that it sucks to have a job where you have to watch your back all the time, and contain aspects of your character that might piss off "assistant" PM (I don't really believe he's assisting- I think he's really in charge despite his title). They seem to be real keen on letting things stew and stew until they can build up some self-justified burst of anger and take away your income. The guard I worked with on Friday night, Mike C (sweetheart if there ever was one), and I made up a list of improvements we'd like to see the new management at Frogs actually take. They talk big- but I remain skeptical of their ability to actually run the well-oiled lifeguard staff they think they can. For example- it makes me incredibly anxious that I got this job without a watertest, and that everyone else was the same way. Seriously- you could apply to this job, make up a few false LGing jobs, and get it. No interview, no nothing. And even if they're not going to test new hires, they should at least hold inservices once a month. At the "inservice" we did have- all talking, and reading from the manual- "assistant" PM blustered on and on about the need to have hard-working, skilled guards, no mistakes at all. A couple of years back this pool had a drowning- and they're determined it won't happen again. So am I, for that matter, which is why I have a few suggestions for Frogs. -Bimonthly inwater inservices, with scenarios, lifeguard olympics, team building exercises, and water polo. I want to know the people I'm working with will know to get the backboard when I go in after a spinal, and that they'll know how to work it. -New equipment including plastic (not wood! too heavy and awkward!) backboard with snaps (not velcro! too weak!, and brand spankin' new rescue tubes, like the kind we had at the Nat with the anti-pick surface (Idle hands destroy the fluffy interior of tubes). -New shared uniform supplies, including lifeguard parkas and club-bought suits (suits are expensive, and if you're going to have a color/style requirement, you should buy the friggin' things like HCW does), shorts, whistles, and tshirts. -A more complete and detailed introduction to our specific duties around the pool deck besides surveillance- ie what maintenance we are expected to do, what pool cleaning responsibilities we have, and how to handle chemical emergencies with our specific equipment. Hell, I should run this bloody pool. Mike and I wrote these all down, plus a few other issues, that he is going to type up and have the rest of the staff sign to present to PM and CM. I'm thinking about discussing some of these issues (especially the inservice one) with them before it comes to that- because I feel they are extremely important and also that I have sufficient guarding experience to bring to the table and they should make use of it. Now, the management treats their guards like insolent teenagers, beating around the bush when they want you to do something and talking behind your back when they're "concerned" about your performance. I don't need shit like that- I know my job, and I'm there to do it to the best of my ability- tell me what I need to do and I'll do it. In the meantime, trust that I have experiences that lead me to make certain decisions, and they are just as valuable as anyone else's. If you want respect- give it. Dammit.

 hot stuff! urlLink Strange Sisters: an archive of lesbian paperpack artwork. rrowr. from the inimitable urlLink Erica

 just a warning Lately I'm feeling apathetic about the things I usually love doing- blogging, reading, checking my email- so I might take a little break. If you don't see much of me here don't panic, likely I'll get over it in a few days and come back with some exciting tidbit. But it's the time to be outside, and to be active. Next Monday I'm going kayaking with Heidi from HCW and soon enough Nick and I are going hiking. Katie and I will be headed to the Martini Ranch on Wednesday night and Shaun's having a graduation party on Saturday. Don't be fooled by my name dropping- Katie'll be back in Indiana soon enough and Nick's on vacation until after I move. Natalie should be done with school soon, and Dan at that. Never mind me though, I'm just mentally rounding people up to help me celebrate my birthday. Only 7 more weeks til the big move. Can't fuckin' wait.

 hero worship As you all likely know by now, urlLink Former President Ronald Reagan died today . I celebrate this death because it means the end of long years of suffering for his family, watching someone they loved slip away and leaving an empty shell. My grandmother has Alzheimers- it's a disease that robs you of your soul much like the Spectres in Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials trilogy (which you all should read). While my condolences go to those near to the Reagans, I must at the same time denounce the hero worship that surrounds such a figure. Made legendary by the news media, by politicians, by an American people willing to blind themselves to truth, Reagan really did...what? Now, this is not a post to shake fingers, to say that he did nothing good for America, because it is impossible for one person to satisfy everyone. I know little about his policies, his presidency- being born the year he was initially sworn into office I spent the blissful ignorance of my childhood in the Reagan era. What reading I have done has cited the mistreatment of women's rights and reproductive freedom by the Reagan administration, and the willful disdain of the AIDS/HIV threat. My dad asked me today what my thoughts were on President Reagan, and I told him basically what is in the paragraph above. Naturally, I was discounted and harangued with hero worship. Reagan brought down the Berlin Wall (in memoriam, I have watched Hedwig and the Angry Inch and dedicated it to Reagan's memory), Reagan created a booming economy. I know very little about these things. I do know, however, that each person in his or her life does a world of good and a world of bad in the same breath. This CEO gives to charity, but his product is made by third world workers in unliveable conditions. This president speaks of freedom and inspires people to believe in the power of their country, yet enslaves the people of other nations under the same speech. It's no secret, I think our value systems in this country, in the greater capitalist world, are out of whack. Our priorities ignore lives, our ambition creates poverty in its wake. Each person in power in our society has a duty to uphold that system of power, whether they like it or not. Society is thick and convoluted, and works to set up one shining figure above the rest (or one dark horse, or one evil dictator) that will distract us from the true problems (like birds we are attracted to shiny objects, like cart horses, we wear blinders). Thus, when one of them dies, we bow down and pay homage to the puppet while the director moves unseen. I choose to break the cycle tonight. There will be no mourning here, except for the countless millions upon billions of people who have died for "freedom", for "economic security", for "moral obligations", for "consumer satisfaction". Reagan is as guilty as Clinton or Bush, or you or I, who do nothing to stop it because we are held back by the bonds of enforced memorial. We are all guilty, we are all dying, and like a sufferer of Alzheimers, we are forgetting.

 sugar water i think buoyancy is a great word. it jives rather well with the feeling i have right now...buoyant, content. and that ani d line: "because humility has buoyancy, and above us only sky..." the feeling could hold me up in water if it wanted to. the other word of the day is indignant. how great it is to be indignant sometimes, how powerful. how anger makes you see some things clearer and others less important- how anger moves you to act beyond your conscious self. thus earlier this evening i was indignant, and it has given way to buoyancy. beautiful.

 life lessons learned through the power of trombone See, I am an amusing drunk, which means you all should take me out for drinks more often. I have completely and totally wasted this day. I start swim lessons at 3:15, and it would behoove me to straighten my room, practice my trombone, do some yoga, etc., however, I have done nothing except surf the Internet and reread Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. This is totally in violation of the valuble trombone lesson I had yesterday with Sean Flanigan, professor of trombone at Drake University. Unprepared as I was, he was understanding and kind, and we worked on a plan for my getting back into shape and preparing myself for graduate school for real. This included him instructing me to get in touch with Jan Kagarice, an adjunct prof of trombone at Univ of North Texas, and to keep in touch with him as he is finishing his doctorate work there. Also using Jason as a connection, this means I have a fairly strong in at UNT, which is exciting to say the least. I played a little of the Ewazan Sonata for him, and he was kind enough to ignore my technical flaws and focus on the musicality and expression of the piece that could be improved in my rendition. We were talking about the style of Ewazen's music, his neo-romanticness and taste for melody, and I played a little of the smoother sections with what I hoped was my best expression. Seems like these things always fall a little flat. "Let go" he says, "you know what you want it to sound like but you hold back, why?" Then he encouraged me to think back on a time that I have let go, and the results I got from it. Immediately I remembered my masterclass performance of the Hindemith- Balls to the wall on that one, I was, at the expense of solid tone and perfect attacks. But I still count it as one of my best performances, because it is one of the few times I can say that I actually did what I meant to do. Round that time of my life I was starting to get a feel for living- actually, honestly living- and I made a resolution that was perfectly expressed by the in-your-face attitude of the Hindemith. I related this story to Sean and he nodded, saying "you see, you're willing to do this. You've got to live your life that way." He went on to explain that only when we put all our cards on the table do we get a good look at our flaws, and only when we can see them clearly can we begin to fix them. There's no shame in a few cracked notes or a double buzz- I know how to fix those easily- the hardest part is letting go. Those words ring in my ears today. "You've got to live your life that way"- that way. It's time to take risks, and use my head, and take the bad with the good. It's like sitting in Nick's truck yesterday, talking about nothing in particular, and letting his cigarette smoke swirl around my head. I felt dizzy, and happy, and confused- but most of all alive. Itchy for action. Ready to go, get the hell out of Dodge, live large. Of course it all has to come back to trombone at some point or another, but how else do I learn expression for emotions I've never experienced? If I want my poems to be any good, don't I have to have a launching pad? If I want my recitals to be inspired, I need to know where to begin. Still, I've done nothing about it today. It might need a little more time to sink in, but it's Friday night, and we'll see what happens. First things first- practice.

 i know you want to be amused so here's your drunk post, from me to you. happy birthday! i had a handful of martinis at the martini ranch. suddenly the world is right again. i own lots of things with rainbows on them. hi everyone! i like boys and girls! that's totally bi! i am so going to regret this in the morning. thankfully i'm not so drunk i can't correct my typos. children, i am still mad at mr cole for screwing me over in high school while he was worshipping jeff watkins pansy ass. damn. i can play the trombone ten times better than that dude any day. and i'd better play it well tomorrow because I have a lesson with Sean Flannigan. Hm. What to play? whoa. i need a girlfriend. where's jerry?

 miscellany (my favorite word) I sat in with the Hidden Valley Middle School band concert tonight, which was fun and brief (the best kind of middle school concert). It was nice of Jeff to say that I was applying and had hopes of going to graduate school, even though he knows that whole deal has gone up in flames. I guess he wasn't sure what else to say about me, since I have no major accomplishments in the music world thus far. In a strange twist of fate, I have been waitlisted at McGill. However, their letter says they will notify me of changes in "late spring." I think they'd better get on that. Only 20 days left. Too bad I won't be going, or something. I fail to care anymore. I was not scheduled at all to lifeguard at Frogs for the next two weeks, a fact that has me rather angry and confused. It seems the leadership there would like to play games with the staff, lecturing us about responsibility and work ethic yet failing to keep their own standards high. Also, they are never at the pool. I failed to find Jamie today when I went to teach, and Will could do nothing to help me. I am confident this scheduling error is a misunderstanding (after all, I have been in and out of the area lately), but it comes on the heels of my being left off the staff phone list (because it was a summer list, and they thought I was leaving in June, not July). I'll hold my breath though, for a while, because they've got a long way to go before they get as bad as Rick the Dick. Bathing suits are expensive, but thankfully HCW is on the ball enough to buy them for us (another beef with Frogs). I invested in this swim/surfing shirt thingy because I am tired of the beach entry at Frogs tearing my suits to shit and giving me the baggy boob effect. It's summertime in southern California, which means I have dusted off my Sublime CDs. What kind of music do you listen to the most in summer?

 open thread It's so quiet in here. Like throwing a pebble down a well. Of course, these days every room seems empty if it doesn't have Jerry in it, so I might be cruelly biased. Talk at me people, and I'll listen. What's up?

 There's a brand new dance... One of the earliest memories I have, is that of my mother and I at her parents house. My grandparents, as it were. I was young, 3ish perhaps, maybe a little bit older and she was attempting to dress me, or at least have some influence over what I was going to wear. Her insistence was that I wear a 'tummy shirt' or whatever you might call them. you see them today, but only on females and very 'secure' males. They come to just above the navel showing a stripe around the midsection. Today the 'stripe' has grown to epic proportions with the help of the low-rise jean, love it or hate it, they tend to be somewhat sexy. Well, unless your thong is hanging out, or your ass-crack, which, I don't care who you are, is just a tad skeezy. Anyway, these 'tummy shirts,' as I will call them, had a brief popularity in the 80s, but luckily were driven away only to rise again in the near future. The late 90s. Well, to get to the point. I wouldn't wear the shirt. I threw a fit. Try as she might to convince me that it was warm outside and this would keep me cool, seriously, that was her argument, I ran away and cried no. I didn't want to wear it and that day, I got what I wanted. I take this as an early example of fashion sense. I knew that I was going to look stupid, despite the fact that I was three, it didn't matter. It was just going to look like my shirt was too small. Besides, it was the middle of summer, I was a three-year old, why not just slap me with some sunscreen and throw me outside without a shirt? That I could have gone along with. Of course, that was one of the only showings of fashion sense I held. I had in no way, any opportunity to adopt one as my family was poor and you wore what we had. That is, except for ill fitted shirts with horizontal stripes. (loatheing...) As I ventured into college I realized that the times of high school and it's $3 courdory glory as well as the purple shoelace belt, was truely, a thing of the past. I needed to move on, adopt something new that spoke to who I was. Not some disheveled pile of crudeness that wore Bush t-shirts and pants with much to big a hole in the crotch for society to forgive, but instead someone with an idea. It was of course, to be frumpy in highschool. I mean, come on. Puberty anyone? Why not match the confused meanderings of the mind with your coutoure. I dressed how I felt, confused, misunderstood, hapless and uncaring. Though I still hold one or two of those personality traits, I tried my best to overcome the worst, and it produced a change. A new approach. One day you realize that you want to dress like David Bowie, because if anyone has it all together, it's him. One thing I can say for high school, was that my idea of wearing sport coats with casual wear was ahead of it's time. Way to go me. Now of course as I move around the country my mother has invaded my closet and gotten ride of many things that I had that she decided I didn't need anymore. Like an expensive hand me down suit from my Uncle, which, sadly, I probably now fit into once again. All of my sportcoats are long gone as is the shirt that Tom gave me from Saks 5th Ave., which didn't fit him and was the most expensive piece of clothing I had at the time. It actually was quite the ugly shirt though. So, from the past to my beginnings at the Gap in college, trust me, my big sister was freaked out by that for a while, I have come to what I believe is a full circle, innate sense of wanting to look good, feel confident and something else truely insightful here. I must however instill in all of you to dress as you feel. Don't follow the trend, that merely brings pain. Trucker hats, well, they're dumb.

 A time of change is upon a lot of us.&nbsp; As I type this, Lorn is on her way to Texas of all places to begin her new journey as a private trombone teacher. Along with a faithful sidekick, our mutual friend Chris, they will set up their apartment and begin their journey together. Everyone that we went to school with, all of our good friends are scattered now. Germany, Colorado, Maryland, Georgia, Michigan, Illinois, Iceland, Canada the list goes on. It's sad at times. We had all shared such a grand time together and saw a lot of triumphs and tragedys, but all learning expieriences as they unfolded at the University of Wisconsin. I won't get to see them much anymore, me in New york, or wherever I will be in the next week or two. I guess it has come to that time though. More like that obligatory time in high school where everyone gets all sappy and cries and stuff. That never really happened to me. I was ready to get the hell out of their. High school wasn't good or bad, it was just four years where I studied a lot and smoked some weed here and there. It really didn't leave anything profound on me aside from some great long-term friendships I have held. If I took anything away from high school it's that my friend Tim and I, together, have one of the most incredible imaginations. That, and I know how muscles work by the sliding of actin and myosin filaments against each other. Ultimately though, college was the time where I made friends and created those bonds. I am not going to say they were the best times of my life. That would short change the rest of my life, which hasn't happened yet and honestly, I want to have a kick ass life. So, really what I want to say is that from college till death was the best time of my life. I am going to hold everyone to that. Of course there were bad times. Like, when Lauren and I had fights. Or, when Griffin, Ian, Tony and I got in that really weird fight and Griffin got a fat lip two weeks before his recital and I got punched in the head. Not as bad as Griffin, but it really fucking hurt. Oh yeah, there was that crazy 4th of July where Lauren and I got mugged for a lawn chair by a drunk guy and he sprained my wrist. Those were the crappy times. Numerous good times shine through though. So, this has in essence become a very sappy post on the evolution of a post collegiate lifestyle. That, being a fancy way of saying a bunch of artists and shit growing up and trying to make a living at what they think they want to do. Honestly, I ownly hold any sort of fear for the thought of never talking to these people again. I know that we will all be successful when we finally find our niche. It's hard to be afraid when you have just graduated, you have a little money, an idea and nothing to hold you back except the impending fear of student loans. So, really I have just turned this into a big sap-fest. I apologize. When Lorn asked me to guest blog I don't think she wanted this. The last few days have been weird so I will try to work on something utterly hilarious or at least insightful for tomorrow. That way I won't feel like a tool and perhaps someone will recieve some sort of entertainment...or, at least some sex.

 how could i forget? My official San Diego song is, and has always been, "My Town" by Buck-O-Nine. i got the tunes in my pocket in an old ass walkman walking to the beach with a bottle of black and tan keys in the velcro where it always should be times tickin' by but it doesn't concern me i'm killin' time with nothing to do that's all i seem to think about or do my soul is sound when i'm in my hometown no place i'd rather be my town, my street gives me peace of mind that can't be beat i can sleep all night to the sound of the ocean wake up in the morning and i do it all again seven days a week i pay no attention i spend alot of time with my record collection i heard the sound of a skateboard rolling down my backstreet reggae music coming from the neighbor across from me as time ticks by i never stop to ask, i never wonder why my soul is sound when i'm in my hometown no place i'd rather be

 steven's lauren's last night in town [I can't sleep. I keep mentally arranging boxes in my car and worrying about minor things that I'll forget to do anyway.] Heidi from work asked me the other day if I have a "going away" song or album that I will be playing as I leave San Diego, and while I thought it was an excellent question I didn't have an answer for her. Sublime has a place in my San Diego consciousness that would be fitting, but I'm driving with my mom and I just get the feeling she wouldn't appreciate it as much as I do. Tom Waits has a song called "San Diego Serenade" that is wildly appropriate, but I don't have a copy of it. Maybe Ben Folds Five "Steven's Last Night" as my title suggests- but I don't plan on coming back over and over again (sorry, Mikey C) as a joke wearing thin. Ani D is good for anything, but I think I'll save "Every State Line" for crossing into Texas, and besides, I'll be sad about the concert. I had sort of planned to listen to "Shy" a few times ("I am leaving in the morning, so let's not be shy"), but now I'm not leaving in the morning, besides not having anyone to seduce. Educated Guess would be a good album but I've packed it away. No to Radiohead, Tori Amos, Fiona Apple, and Blur. Elvis Costello? Eh. How about Bowie "Ch-ch-ch-changes (turn and face the strange)" huh? Followed by a hearty dose of "Golden Years?" I know Jerry has a thing for Less Than Jake when he's traveling in and out of La Crosse. Do any of the rest of y'all have a band/song that signifies your departure from a dear place? Leaving Madison last September I cried buckets. Coldplay's A Rush of Blood to the Head , while touching and clearly written for the particular kind of heartbreaking emotional experience I was going through, is not the best choice of music when sharing the road with hundreds of motorcycle fanatics on their way to the Harley Davidson 50th anniversary celebration in Milwaukee. I don't think I'll be crying buckets this time around; after all, it hasn't been the greatest of times. But I will be sad. I am very much venturing off into the great unknown from a place that has been home to me for many, many years. It's an experience that deserves a fitting tribute, a song or album that will make me think of the feeling in the years to come. What would you choose?

 anticipate From urlLink Righteous Babe : SHOW CANCELLATION JULY 27TH IN SAN DIEGO Due to the recent passing of Anis father, she will not being playing at the State Open Air Theater on July 27th. Unfortunately, this show cannot be rescheduled, and refunds will be available at the point of purchase. We apologize for any inconvenience this causes those of you who have purchased tickets and truly appreciate your understanding at this time. Much love to Ani and her family. How could you not be sad for Ani, and understand her needs? I can't help but want to cry a little. This was my big sendoff from San Diego, my farewell present to myself, my soundtrack for the long highway ahead. I've been preparing for weeks by listening almost exclusively to Ani. I've been thinking about it constantly, anxious, on the edge of my proverbial seat. Because of this my mom and I are leaving tomorrow afternoon instead of Wednesday morning. We're going as far as Tucson, then on to Albuquerque the next day. That will give us a little more leisure time to get there, and more time with Megan. Arrival in Plano still estimated Thursday around 6. If I don't get a chance to blog tomorrow (I have two swim lessons and a lot of stuff to arrange in my car), this will be it until I a)get internet connection and a computer in Texas (or use Chris's) or b)find a public library to mooch off of. Therefore, I bid you a warm coupla days until I am online again, take care of yourselves and don't do anything I wouldn't do. Want to guest blog? Send me an email. lahusting AT uwalumni DOT com.

 squirmy with excitement I talked to Chris today as he was looking through our new apartment looking for things to report to the landlords. I asked him how it was and there was a pause. "Jesus Christ, it's fucking awesome!" As we have a loft, the ceilings in the living room go up about 25 feet, which means Chris will be practicing his golf swing. I didn't know Chris golfed. Well, he can take my dad out when he comes to visit. The management was also cool enough to leave a basket of cookies and toilet paper in the kitchen. I imagine both will be all gone by the time I get there, but it's the thought that counts. I can't fucking wait to see this place. I only saw the model apartment on my trip in May, which was ridiculously nice but then again no one's ever lived in it. I asked about my shower, as it is a stall and not a tub, because I still have nightmares about our little telephone booth shower at the Henry house. It's not that small, thankfully. I'm reminded of a Douglas Adams' line from So Long, and Thanks For All the Fish : a bathroom which, she explained, you could actually swing a cat in. 'But,' she added, 'only if it was a reasonably patient cat and didn't mind a few nasty cracks about the head.' The waiting is killing me.

 only connect I started to write a post here about how looking forward I am to Texas, where I will hopefully begin to meet people who will fill me with that intense joy of getting to know lifelong friends. It was inspired by last night, a silly and fabulous evening of bowling, DDR, air hockey and late night Denny's with friend Mike from work. I was going to say some shit about how it was thrilling to finally hang out with someone I connect with and can hence "be myself" with, but I got about halfway through all these tortured lonely-girl sentiments and thought, fuck. The fact is, I already know this, you already know this, and there's not one single reason why I should waste your precious blog-reading time with it. There are people out there in the world that are fun to be with and there are others that you just either don't fit in with or don't like much. About equal numbers of both, I'd say, and anywhere you go you're bound to find a handful of wonderful joyous friends to keep you company. This is not in anyway to say that any of my current friends are replacable which of course they are not, and I still miss them deeply. It used to be my thing to piss and moan about how there were only a very few people in the world that I felt comfortable enough in their company to let off the facade I normally wear (the kinds of people I can say shocking shit to, like "tuna just doesn't taste as good without the dolphins"), but lately I've been thinking that this is useless. I've decided to be unashamedly and unabashedly myself with everyone I interact with on a personal level from henceforth and see just where it gets me. I'm a weird kid, I make weird noises, I think weird thoughts, and hell if I bottle that shit up anymore. You know the one thing that I am really excited for about Texas? The fact that I'll actually start thinking of something interesting to blog about instead of this self-examination drivel. Man, I did all that crap in high school and college. Now's the time to start using everything I know to have a fucking good time at life, no apologies.

 allow me to wish Robin Williams, Ernest Hemingway's memory, some pope dude from the 15th century, Wes Hixon, and my friend bickle from the urlLink OTJ forum a H a p p y B i r t h d a y ! As my friend Toby once said, "Here's to being 23. Hope it doesn't suck." Off to the beach for the remainder of the day.

 a funny story about armpit hair I'll tell this to you guys, because you'll appreciate it. At least, Davis will appreciate it. I would like someone to do so, as I found it quite amusing and thus far not one of my coworkers has done anything but grimace slightly and give a tight smile at the punchline. At Frogs the other day, during ESS (every day between 1 and 3 hundreds of elementary aged kids pour into the pool and wreak havoc upon the chemical levels in all sorts of ways...your imagination can fill in the gaps in my description), I was guarding on the pennisula, a small strip of concrete that separates the beach entrance/shallow end of the pool from the deeper, lap swimming end. Two girls who, a few weeks before, had introduced themselves to me, came swimming up to say hi (actually, the one girl I remembered had introduced herself to me by way of asking if I was a boy or a girl, which was a little disconcerting- goofy looking though I may be I am definitely a woman), took a look at my leg hair, and squealed a little. Our exchange: "Do you shave?" they asked. "Does it look like I do?" I responded. "Why not?" I shrugged. A complicated explanation is in order- feminism, socialized gender, economical purposes, but heck, they're only 8. I stuck with "Because I don't like to" which is true enough. Now that I've stopped for this long, the thought of starting again makes me tired enough that I quickly put it out of my head. "Do you shave your armpits?" "No" and I showed them. "Ewwwwww!" in stereo. I laughed. "My mom shaves her armpits, so you should too!" says the impudent one. At this point, "fuck your mother" and "to hell with your razor burn" are going through my head, but I continue to smile tersely and look pointedly at the pool trying to be the cool, in charge lifeguard that I am. They start chanting, "Shave your armpits! Shave your armpits!" Oh my darling children, though now you long for the day you too will be old enough to wield your razor high, or even when you are just barely old enough, when that thin layer of fuzz you've had from your toddler years will succumb to an electric shaver barely amped enough to shock a molerat, one day long past even that far off day you will realize that it ain't all it's cracked up to be. And maybe you'll read all the right books or listen to the right kind of music and you'll just stop, as I have, and frolic in the giddiness that defying social norms and saving minutes in the shower brings to you. It is also a fairly effective method of jerk protection. I leave you with the wise words of urlLink Alix Olson : They say, "cut your clits and shave your pits, and cover your tits!" We say- bullshit. Cause I use my curls to be at one with the world like when Im out camping And I lay myself to rest I sleep with my arms up so the birdies can nest. So stop and reconsider just what they consider natural Cause armpit hair is simply Mammally Factual.

 oh bother Poor timing on the account of my body to let sickness creep up on it. I work so hard to keep myself from being sick (echinacea, vitamin c, folic acid, etc) that it makes me incredibly frustrated when I come down with something. This particular something is the kind of achy muscled, sharp ear pained, foggy headed sinus disaster that warrants a day of bedrest and lots of fluids. Unfortunately, although Sunday is usually my day off and reserved for the kind of well-placed laziness I've perfected, I agreed to sub for a coworker at Frogs from 12-6. I usually work at HCW on Saturdays, and I didn't yesterday, so it was a replacement day off and, needing money, I was happy to take this shift. Now however, I want nothing more than to languish and moan in bed, occasionally getting up for a glass of water and looking properly pathetic whilst doing so. I did get quite a lot of packing and room-organizing done yesterday, which makes me incredibly excited to actually move. A week and a half. I don't work on my birthday, and I'd like to spend it at the beach. Hopefully someone will be able to join me, but I suppose I could just go alone if it comes to that. Going to the beach alone is better than staying at home alone. That is possibly the saddest birthday thought ever. Sigh. Well, lifeguarding today will be done high under the influence of Dayquil. All hail Dayquil!

 in honor of getting older The countdown is narrowing rapidly: -5 days til birthday -11 days til Ani -12 days til moving I hooked up my HP computer from Madison and took off all the stuff I needed- suprisingly not very much as the email addresses are out of date and I don't need any of the term papers. What I did find was a link to something very valuble. Presenting: urlLink The Wes and Lauren Birthday Extravaganza 2001 [Edit: Bastards! Remote linking forbidden my pasty white ass!] Unfortunately it is in directory form, and there are a lot of pictures to shuffle through. If you enable the thumbnails you can get a better idea of what you're looking at. This is all the fun of my hot, sweaty, 20th birthday, graciously hosted (and mostly for) my wonderful birthday buddy Wes (whatever in the world is he up to these days, anyhow?). The best pictures (i.e. the ones with me/Emily/B/Davis/Wes in them) start at urlLink 1240 . Can you tell I'm being nostalgic again? Sometimes it hurts a little to be packing up all this stuff AGAIN, and thinking about the memories AGAIN. This time, mixed with the nostalgia is a glimmer of hope that Texas, where I'll be reunited with two old Madison friends, will produce happiness and fun times. AGAIN.

 boob tube There's usually only one reason I turn on the TV, and that's Futurama. In recent weeks, I haven't even been watching that, so it is to my chagrin that tonight I sat down with my microwaved lasagna and watched three straight hours of VH1's urlLink I Love The 90s . The 80s version was fun, but a little over my head, at least until they got to about 87 or so. The 90s had the honor of welcoming me into my social consciousness, and it is with great pride that I can say I remember almost every hyper documented fad/movie/band/tv show represented on ILT90s. I grew up on this stuff, man. Ren and Stimpy, The X Files, Boyz II Men. The inclusion of Ren and Stimpy in the lineup does mean that I can reference Futurama; the always-great urlLink Billy West makes an appearance and...well, is hilarious. Note to Jerry: you can catch your 30 second fix of Kyan Douglas in 1994 AND 95, bonus conversation about Prince Alberts included. I have a major girly crush on Michael Ian Black. I can't fathom it: he's mildly annoying and predictably sarcastic. Still, kinda cute. Anyway, the point of this post is not to wax nostalgic about the recently departed decade of my adolescence, but to wax philosophical about the phenomenon of "pop culture documentaries" like ILT90s and its ilk. VH1 is especially guilty of flashy, highly caffeninated collages, glossy representations of our inclusive American consciousness. Nothing the commentators say is ever particularly enlightening or insightful but then again, I'm not saying they necessarily give you anything to think about. Waterworld was a conundrum, to be sure, but it didn't change my life in any degree. It is impressive that I managed to stomach three hours of the show, as the method the producers use of giving you only three seconds or so of the footage in question, followed by a logo or dancing cell phone superimposed over the commentators' goofy reenactment, makes me vaguely homicidal. My brain goes slow, my eyes go slow, I need to see these things slowly to know what's going on. Sure, Michael Bolton is telling me these are the hotties of 93, but you can't hold the picture still long enough for me to even figure out what color her hair is (thank the goddess he got a haircut, by the way). I know this technique has been calibrated to the attention spans of the average VH1 audience, but it drives me nuts. This is standard issue for the youth channels, which is why I find myself drawn more and more to less hectic episodes of urlLink Sunday Night Sex Show . And more and more I turn the TV off for longer and longer. It's getting too easy to see all the tricks they use to keep you watching, keep you tuned in and brainless. Don't forget to buy a CD tomorrow, and wash your floors with Swiffer. Here's some more flashy colorful effects to keep you entertained inbetween commercials. Removed as I am from my mentally stimulating college environment, where we never had cable and every night was an adventure, I must adapt to my new surroundings. My coworkers are, on average, between the ages of 16 and 21, smoke a lot of dope, study things like marketing and political science, and, while pleasant, do not have the broadest worldview. I am in the need of companionship, and in order to keep up with Joneses some sacrifices are in order. I don't get to rage on about the current state of political affairs nearly as much as is healthy for me, and must instead watch my tongue and discuss the Switchfoot album. Which I have not heard, and could care less about. No one knows who Ani Difranco is and when I mention attending the March for Women's Lives their eyes glaze over and they say, "oh, that's cool." [Disclaimer: this does not apply to Heidi or most of the people at HCW. I'm a little bitter at Frogs and co. at the moment] So, it's three hours of teenage nostalgia for with a bonus half hour of Johnny Depp trivia for good luck (that last not being so painful). Which is not to say I didn't enjoy the ride- more I am lamenting the factors that have led me to watch television in the first place. TV makes my brain hurt- which I assume must be the feeling it suffers just before it asphyxiates from lack of intelligent content.

 romantic comedy? oh. urlLink When Harry Met Sally is Emily's and my favorite movie from our roommate days. Harry Connick Jr, clever dialogue, and the small, yet exhilarating, hope that someday our best guy friends will be...the one. It was on AMC tonight and I watched it. Besides making me incredibly anxious to see Jerry, in New York, during the winter with the pretty snow and the holiday cheer, it also made me rather heartsick. Here's a question I ask myself: armed heavily as I am with feminist rhetoric and theory, am I allowed to moon over such touching saccharine romance? The answer is, of course a feminist can have romance. But oh, to have someone sprint city blocks for me in New York, on New Years Eve, to tell me he/she loves me, has always loved me, especially when I do that thing with my eyebrows. Then there was a new emotion, utterly confusing and gut-wrenching for the very strangeness of it to my collective emotional psyche. I actually wanted to get married. My vendetta against marriage is not really against marriage- I would consider the actual union as a possibility- but rather I have (or had) no desire for the actual ceremony, the pomp, the circumstance, the delightfully 80s puffy sleeved bridesmaid dresses in tones of mauve and forest green. Tonight there was a little twinge in the back of my mind that tried valiantly to build me up into a fervor (my sensibility being much more authoritative, it was silenced and rebuked heartily). Something about getting to dress up and be the most beautiful woman of the day (unless of course I marry a woman, in which case, it's a photo finish), to glow and have flowers and fuss over which uncle has gotten drunk enough to serenade me with Men At Work songs. Just so you know, I've checked my temperature and I'm not running a fever. It's likely the late hour and the aftereffects of the combination of controlled substances I used yesterday are working together to create an irrational and completely silly Meg Ryan sympathizer. This feeling will likely pass after I sleep on it, which I will point out, embarrassed, tomorrow. For now, I have promised myself a luxury: I will indulge the fantasy this evening as I settle into bed, knowing that my imagination will not be satisfied with touching romantic comedy and will in the end introduce a rampaging rhinoceros, or perhaps a scorned transsexual lover, that will tear down the whole facade and leave me helpless and depressed. My imagination likes me that way, because misery creates the greatest art. It's an odd thing, this romance. Sneaks up on you while you're brewing green tea and taps you on the shoulder quite in the same way your young cousin might when she's put gummy bears in your underwear. Suddenly I'm looking around at the people I know and thinking, "if the lighting were just dim enough and I was idly swirling a glass of red wine, well..." Disconcerting and foolish, all at once. Upon reflection, gummy bears in my underwear sounds quite enticing, and I think I will dream about that instead.

 cleaning up Changed the template (this one matches charmingly with my Tara profile picture), gussied up the comment and trackback links, reorganized the blogroll and got rid of a few things that are extraneous. Should you miss desperately any of the links I have removed, contact me and I will send you the url. It's near freezing in our house because of the air conditioner. I seriously dislike climate control- although in the middle of humid Madison July it has it's moments- because right now it is not necessary and my toes are frozen. I think I will sit outside and read, waiting for Heidi to call me back about the beach tonight.

 explanation of the previous evening's adventures In succinct and unslurred tones, I will commence to tell you the story of my Saturday afternoon, which as Saturday afternoons go, was quite the party. High Country West (the small, community club I work at) has an annual picnic in July, with a DJ, pool games, various forms of meat between slices of bread, ice cream, pony rides, and beer. That last is vitally important to the storyline. I arrived at 2 to do my part, starting out by guarding for the pool games, and at 3 serving ice cream (the worst job there, and the stickiest). At 4 Aaron and I cleaned up the ice cream table and joined the rest of the staff in picking up trash, rearranging patio furniture, and just generally getting the place back in order. urlLink Aaron West and his brother Cameron were playing a live set, which made it quite a pleasant sunny July afternoon (today, I have Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here" stuck in my head). As I wandered back to the area with the drinks and grills, I found Dana (boss), Sean, McKenna, Heidi, and Jared standing amicably around the keg. I was given a cup. I thought, "this job rules" and tucked in. I wandered back and forth between the keg and the music, pretending like I was actually doing work, but mostly just feeling a general warmness of being that often comes with summer days and community happenings. At the drinks patio, the guards mentioned above were rapidly becoming drunk as proverbial skunks, teasing the tweenagers and behaving rather erratically. I had to work til 10, so I imbibed responsibly up until a point. The point were I thought, "fuck it," this opportunity comes so rarely, and you're only young once, Cameron's just played "Vienna" for me and all is right with the world. My headguard, McKenna, is the one encouraging me to drink, so what can you do? The boss says jump, you say "how high," the boss says drink, you say "how much?" We had quite a good time 'round that keg. It was my turn to lifeguard, so I went, did my half hour (the Red Cross specifically warns against the imbibement of alcoholic beverages whilst lifeguarding, as it impares the mind's ability to think quickly and make decisions. Also, it makes it hard to care), and wandered back again to find them still firmly planted about the keg. The rest of my shift went uneventfully- McKenna and I walked down to the elementary school to smoke (I watched) and chatted. She's quite a cool kid, and closer to my age and mental state than some of the other employees. Also, she's much in need of friends in San Diego, so there will be many more good times with her before I leave. I left early- cleaned the bathroom counters and toilets as penance for my misdeeds, and ended up at a party in the same neighborhood (behind Megan's house, coincidentally enough) with McKenna and Aaron. There was much pot smoking. It was the kind of evening that lately I've been having a lot of- this desire to put something bad in my lungs and swirl it around a bit. It's not the kind of desire that makes me want to take up smoking (lords no) but just one that wanders around after I've been drinking and encourages me to "lighten up" and "live a little." Just so. The party was rather dull but it did the trick and I left, after sobering up, much satisfied with the events of my evening. The post below is not a reference to any sort of hook up (sadly so), but just to my laziness and general sense of partied-outness. Today I find that my room is a wreck: there are clothes scattered on every available surface (not all of this is from last night, it has been steadily building the past week or so) and papers and boxes are taking up my limited floor space. Today I have nothing to do, as planned, and intend to pack up my clothes. Books are done, many things are already in boxes. Could get started on my CDs, as well. With that anticlimactic end to my nocturnal adventures, I leave you, dear reader, to shake your head in wonderment and go about your day as if nothing has changed. No, nothing whatsoever.

 i have been a bad girl think i'll sleep naked. anyone have a problem with that? don't chastise me. I haven't partied in forever, and i needed this. gooodnight.

 why high country west is officially my favorite workplace because I got ridiculously drunk, at work, with my coworkers, at our annual neighborhood picnic. i skipped out on the end of my shift early because i'm pretty much useless as a lifeguard, and plus, there's more drinking ahead with said coworkers. just thought i'd let you know, that this pool is awesome, and i hereby take back anything i've said about any of them being prudish and goody two shoes. mwah. stop moving, computer screen.

 competitive edge Was watching the trials for urlLink Olympic swimming on NBC tonight. Michael Phelps and Natalie Coughlin, damn. Thing is, watching it just makes me itchy to race again. The thrill of competition sings in my nerves and I want to be up on a block, sizing up my fellow swimmers. I want to be neck and neck with the girl in the lane next to me, each of us bound and determined to win. I want to hear the cheer of crowd after I touch the wall and swing my head up to see my time. I was never really fast enough to be even close to Olympic good, but I often wonder what kind of races I'd be swimming if I'd kept at it competitively. Or would injury stifle my strokes? I've been swimming for fitness at Frogs during my down time, but tomorrow I think- I think I'll race the clock. Pretend like that girl I never liked from swim team is next to me and I'm kicking her ass big time. Hee.

 just to be totally random There are still pictures of my urlLink Royal Regiment days floating around on the internet. here you see me looking extremely peeved about not having sunglasses, whilst Kyle Mitchell leans over to tell me that I missed a note: And now I'm in London, looking sassy, yet virginal. Hey, it's Jonny standing next to me, before I got annoyed with him and his brother (second from left) and told them to fuck off in Switzerland: One more, for posterity. I'm a good marcher, and look, I'm always prepared with my field charts in a binder on a string. (ahem...DORK ALERT!) Ooh, Brian Harris!: There you have it. I was cool, in the bando universe. Carry on about your normal business.

 by request For urlLink DeAnn , here are the answers to my urlLink July 6th post. 1. "My heart went cold and only hollow rhythms resounded from within" -- Fiona Apple, Pale September 2. "He was wined and speeched and honored, everybody shook his hand" -- Johnny Cash, Ballad of Ira Hayes 3. "What kind of scale compares the weight of two beauties: the gravity of duties, or the groundspeed of joy?" -- Ani Difranco, School Night 4. "Land, land of liberty we're run by a constipated man, when you live in the past you refuse to see when your daughter comes home nine months pregnant" -- Tori Amos, Sweet Dreams 5. "They'll beat him up until the teardrops start, he can't be wounded cuz he's got your heart" -- Elvis Costello, Watching the Detectives 6. "Your head will collapse if there's nothing in it" -- The Pixies, Where is My Mind? 7. "I want you always to remember for me, baby if you can, how much you hated the woman who made you a man" -- Ani Difranco, Bubble 8. "Someday, we'll put it together and we'll get it all done" -- Beth Orton, Oooh Child 9. "I am your failed husband contender, I'm your loan shark of bliss" -- Jeff Buckley, Vancouver 10. "The sea takes us back too quickly, and I'm far from grounded. Now's the time to sail before the last tree falls" -- Youngblood Brass Band, Culture: Envy: War 11. "His wicked sense of humor, suggests exciting sex" -- Bjork, Venus as a Boy 12. "If I don't find it this time, then I'm better off dead" -- PJ Harvey, My Beautiful Leah 13. "The song is ended, but as the songwriter wrote, the melody lingers on" -- George and Ira Gershwin (sung by Ella), They Can't Take That Away 14. "Nowhere is no escape, only flailing arms and bellyaches When it all started coming down, fight, or did you run and hide?" -- Phantom Planet, Big Brat 15. "Please, let me forget all those sweet smiles, all of the passion, all of the peace, the heat, the pain" -- Jewel, Don't 16. "And your hair is so dirty, it makes you look like you're thirty!" -- The Donnas, Dirty Denim 17. "Political incapatability lead to their downfall" --Johnny Cash, The One on the Left is on the Right 18. "And her conscious lit a cigarette, and just stood there, waiting for her to crack, waiting for her to fall" -- Ani Difranco, Fierce Flawless 19. "I'd love to live in Paradise, I love my brothers on a Saturday night" -- Blur, Crazy Beat 20. "For when she thought of summer rain calling for her mind again, she lost the pain and stayed for more." -- Nick Drake, Riverman

 flattering, but not completely right From urlLink 20 questions to a better personality : Wackiness: 62/100 Rationality: 74/100 Constructiveness: 68/100 Leadership: 32/100 You are a WRCF--Wacky Rational Constructive Follower. This makes you Paul Begala. You are unflappable and largely unconcerned with others' reactions to you. You were not particularly interested in the results of this test, and probably took it only as a result of someone else asking you to. You have a biting wit and intense powers of observation. No detail is lost on you, and your friends know it--relying on you to have the facts when others express only opinions. You are even-tempered, friendly, and educated. Foolish strangers may mistake your mildness for weakness--they will be surprised. You entire approach to life is enviable. You will raise good kids. I had to look up urlLink Paul Begala . I'm not really all that observant, but I agree with the rest of it. I'm totally enviable. Actually, "foolish strangers may mistake your mildness for weakness," rings true this summer, as I encounter new folks who take my quiet nature for naivete. Some have even gone so far as to boss me around- and they've realized they don't get very far with me that way. I wouldn't say that the "follower" bit is far off, but it's more like "loner"- I'd rather not lead, I don't mind following, but what I really want to do is go off on my own and create my own universe. You can come too, if you want, but don't expect to have too much say in the position of the planets.

 oh, all the things i could have been doing On your current playlist, hit shuffle and pick the first twenty songs on the list (no matter how cheesy or embarrassing), and write down your favorite line of the song. Try to avoid puting the song title in the line. Then have your friends comment and see if they know the songs! (stolen from urlLink Jane ) 1. "My heart went cold and only hollow rhythms resounded from within" 2. "He was wined and speeched and honored, everybody shook his hand" 3. "What kind of scale compares the weight of two beauties: the gravity of duties, or the groundspeed of joy?" 4. "Land, land of liberty we're run by a constipated man, when you live in the past you refuse to see when your daughter comes home nine months pregnant" 5. "They'll beat him up until the teardrops start, he can't be wounded cuz he's got your heart" 6. "Your head will collapse if there's nothing in it" 7. "I want you always to remember for me, baby if you can, how much you hated the woman who made you a man" 8. "Someday, we'll put it together and we'll get it all done" 9. "I am your failed husband contender, I'm your loan shark of bliss" 10. "The sea takes us back too quickly, and I'm far from grounded. Now's the time to sail before the last tree falls" 11. "His wicked sense of humor, suggests exciting sex" 12. "If I don't find it this time, then I'm better off dead" 13. "The song is ended, but as the songwriter wrote, the melody lingers on" 14. "Nowhere is no escape, only flailing arms and bellyaches When it all started coming down, fight, or did you run and hide?" 15. "Please, let me forget all those sweet smiles, all of the passion, all of the peace, the heat, the pain" 16. "And your hair is so dirty, it makes you look like you're thirty!" 17. "Political incapatability lead to their downfall" 18. "And her conscious lit a cigarette, and just stood there, waiting for her to crack, waiting for her to fall" 19. "I'd love to live in Paradise, I love my brothers on a Saturday night" 20. "For when she thought of summer rain calling for her mind again, she lost the pain and stayed for more."

 about loneliness urlLink Jerry, I feel you. That's how I've felt most of this year, well, mostly. It wasn't so much the physical loneliness as the psychic that got to me. Not having someone to talk to unconditionally. Missing you. Not knowing what's next or why or how it will come. Maybe I'm still looking for that fling, maybe work has made me some friends that manage to keep me busy, maybe I've perfected the art of thinking about other things, but you're always on my mind, hon. I have to put parts of me in hibernation to go so long without seeing you, or I'll rot away from sadness. Maybe we won't ever have what we used to, because life is just working out like that. I want you to know that I'm going to have a hard time finding anyone to mean even half of what you mean to me. And yeah, I wish things were different. Things I could have changed, things I have no power over. I'm ready for a new adventure, and I know you are too. You look around and see tenderness, and wonder when it's coming back for you. It's hard not to get frustrated, but if you don't keep trying- well, it's not going to fall into your lap. The joy of getting to know someone new, of working things out, of giddiness and nausea, that's what you're missing. Me too. Little crushes and shy smiles. The awkward dance, the contrived meetings and things you go out of your way to do. Feeling like a fool but having it all come out alright at the end. Stories to tell. Good luck, but don't be a stranger. I love you.

 more blogging than you can shake a pixie stick at! I know, I know, I am a liar. I said I wouldn't blog much, but when I'm in a good mood, I blog. When I blog, I'm in a good mood. It's a vicious cycle. Actually, the thing is when I am in such a mood I think of funny things to say and then I feel worthwhile again. So I just wanted you to know that I watch the urlLink Time Zones page on my Sitemeter and enjoy the competition over highest percentage of my readership between the Central Standard Time (props to the Wisconsinites!) and the Eastern Standard Time folks (with the addition of Jerry, you are fighting a close race!). It sways back and forth each day and is quite exciting. Go EST! You can do it! Don't let them catch up, CST! 2, 4, 6, 8, who do we appreciate? Illinois! Rock on Michigan, tell it like it is, Florida! What's up, California? I friggin' live here, you think you'd represent your homie. Fine, fine, be that way. Here's a toast to my Australian readership. And those loyal European fans (I know it's you, Bethany!). Who's urlLink googling me ? (or yahooing, rather, but that sounds naughty and I want in on it) You are a PSTer, you can't hide from me. Have I googled you? (Probably, I like to googlestalk people) Are you having a good time here? Would you like something to drink? Some chips and salsa? Make yourself at home. This is what you get when you combine chai lattes and lack of sleep. Another random train of thought: Check out my old buddy urlLink Aaron , whom I saw perform tonight and enjoyed thoroughly.

 more on coincidences Wednesday night I went to the urlLink Martini Ranch with Natalie and her friend Deirdre (sp?), to hear urlLink David Patrone (and his awesome quartet) do a little crooning. Guys and Dolls was on the big screen. I mentioned to Natalie that I thought young Marlon Brando was urlLink quite the hunk , and we wondered what the hell happened as he aged. Today I go over to urlLink Pamie and find that urlLink Marlon Brando has died at age 80 . Dan's convinced that he killed Brando, but I think I have a part in it. We weren't nice to old Brando. Whoops. Hope I didn't sabotage the Beastie Boys, too, while I was at it. Oh yeah, and...AYN RAND!

 friday! july! i love july! I'm in a better mood, Sunday's the fourth of July, my birthday is in 19 days, I leave for Texas in 25, hurray! I'd been a bad mood all week mostly because of work, because I was working non stop, I hadn't worn dry clothes for seven days, and people at work were being petty and dramatic. Today I thought, "fuck this" and shrugged it all off. My buddy Mike came back from vacation and I was so happy to see him I gave him a big wet-out-of-the-pool hug and I realized, I haven't been genuinely, truly hugged in forever. Everyone needs hugs. He was happy to see me, too, and I could cry from the joy of having someone be happy to see me. You never miss it til it's gone. I don't know if I'll be blogging that much in the next few weeks; my work schedule is still fairly insane and I've got lots of packing and planning to do. As Davis mentioned in my comments, however, it is possible that the different environment of Texas will encourage my snark and feminist wit. Look forward to that. I'll leave you with something I delight in: the thrill of coincidences. For example: As my kids and I played noodle races today I mentioned that anything goes, you can sabotage your opponents by stealing their noodle, dunking them, or squirting water through the hole. One of my boys loved the word "sabotage" so much he kept repeating it for the rest of the lesson. Official word of the weekend. When I went out to my car to go home, what song should be on the radio but the Beastie Boys, "Sabotage." I love it when life does that.

 phew Chris and I were getting kind of worried that it would be a while before we began actually working, with money involved, and I know at least I was a little hesitant to say anything good about the place until I knew I wouldn't just be flat broke for a month. Well, yesterday we started as marching band techs for a high school band camp, 90 degree heat, humidity and all. Turns out the new marching guy/assistant band director at the school is a friend of Chris's from Madison Scouts, and he's also mm mm good looking. Heh. We've helped out with marching rehearsals and today I ran a sectional. I can never tell if teenage boys genuinely think I'm amusing, or if they're just making fun of me. Any thoughts from my teenage readership? So, with some money on its way to my pocket and an activity to keep me busy (even if I curse the bloody Texas mosquitos, the biggest I've ever seen), I can say that this is going to be a good place to be, at least for a year or two. I think I'll learn a lot, and make some valuable friends in the music business. My doubts and fears are relieved for the time being. Thanks for the comments, bitches. :)

 don't mess with texas Here I am in the wonderful city of Plano, TX, having traversed the country in three days driving, all my shit in the trunk, to start over and figure stuff out. Hey, my apartment's nice. We don't have much furniture but it's pretty cool. Garage sales are the greatest, and Plano's got some doozies (there are ridiculously nice neighborhoods here). I have a bed, which is all I really need, and some groceries, so I can stay alive by eating and sleeping at the very least. Waiting to hear back about the jobs. It might be a week or two before I really get started, as right now is busy marching band camp season and school doesn't start for another couple of days. No matter, I'll get to know the place and find my way around. Keep me away from Target though, because I'm spending all my savings. Chris and I are going to have a blast. Already we've got 8 gazillion new private jokes and have reminisced about practically every Madison memory we can think of. More of this will be done when Jason gets into the state, and we all get trashed and loll around on the floor of my giant apartment. Speaking of alcohol, Plano is in a dry county, so you can't buy hard liquor around here. You have to drive over to the next town, Richardson, which is in Dallas county, to get that stuff. You can buy beer and wine, but not liquor. Hm. Chris and I took DART into Dallas today and walked around the West End, a fashionable historic district. It was pretty cool. The Sixth Floor Museum is there, which is in the building that the assassination of JFK took place. It was rather touching, but I think I'll save a trip up to the actual museum until my parents visit, or something. Anyway, I'm at the library. We get internet in two weeks, so until then I will post whenever I get a chance with updates and tidbits. Thanks to Jerry for guestblogging, you're the greatest babe. The greatest, I say! :)

