 Instruments I would currently like to learn how to play: Banjo Harmonica Guitar Steel Drums Piano I also want to learn how to read music, and then write music and perform in front of some form of an audience, whether it be at school or church... That is my big dream as of now. Oh and I want to be able to train my voice so I can sing.

 Man, angry Irish-men sure do know how to sing.

 Gah! Why can't I write a decent script?! Bloody hell.

 "He thinks that singin' on Sunday's gonna save his soul, now that Saturday's gone." -Jack Johnson

 "Some devil is stuck inside of me." -Dave Matthews

 urlLink This article is even better... Finally somebody tells it like it is.

 urlLink Read this article... Now

 Official Notice: If anyone wishes to see The Dave Matthews Band and opener Guster (!) in August and you have yet to get tickets please contact me soon and maybe we can go together... I don't usually consider going to a Dave concert but because Guster is opening for them I have to go, no matter what. Lawn seats are 35.50. Call me, email me, comment... me...

 Well now I'm pissed... I have two options here: end the blog for good, or move it to a different url and still risk what has happened. What has happened is my parents have found my blog, and now I am pissed.

 Well with spring break comes a natural bending of the rules. As you can imagine I have done so. I finally saw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind tonight, and I loved it. Every aspect of it was amazing. I love that it was dark and only the camera's flashlight showed a path when they were running from the eraser. I love the characters, I love the story, I love the cinematography. I loved everything. Witness it now.

 Well I am now sitting at my sister's computer in Charleston, South Carolina. It is disturbingly quiet because Amber is taking a 'nap' (at 9:30 at night) and her roommates are studying. So I'm getting the full of affect of college... I guess... I finally had buffalo wings for the first time in my life today... I must say they are rather delightful. My mom just called and was being mom... Well there isn't much more to talk about. Tomorrow I get to get up bright and early at 5:20 to go out on the water with Amber and take pictures of them rowing and whatnot. I'll update you, and maybe even show a few pictures. Be the miracle.

 How is it that your friends can make you feel so worthless?

 High Atop Tree Vesuvius I took a trip to the past a few weeks ago and climbed up into my old treehouse. As I assessed the tree from the ground floor I saw many once sturdy boards of wood had rotted only hanging onto the tree by a nail. So I decided to name the treehouse: Tree Vesuvius, after the great volcano that covered Pompeii and Herculaem, because I have no clue when this tree will fall right under my feet. (Optimistic, eh?) Anyways, I attempted to climb the rickety ladder made of rope and wood blocks with great confidence figuring that my childhood troubles with this ladder were long gone and I had nothing to worry about. After I got down from half up I attended battle scars of scraped elbows and a bruised chest, then I finally went to my father for the trusty ole metal ladder. When I arrived at the top, I discovered the floor was layered with leaves, sticks and a few thorny branches. I got back down to earth and grabbed a broom, a lawn chair, my book, paper, and writing stick and climbed Tree Vesuvius once more. After I had showered the ground floor with its native twigs and branches I set up my lawn chair very carefully and slowly, due to the fact that a few boards that were my floor moved when I walked. Then I sat there for a good ten minutes just thinking, you would be amazed how much you can think about when there isn't a radio or a television blasting your ears. So I wrote, I read, and I just rested. Strange how an event from so long ago can change today.

 Oh wow, I have not been this exhausted in quite a long time. One way to NOT start off your day is run a mile in gym class for first period. And then carry on your day which consists of poorly taken science tests and research for essays in English topped off with a math class leaving you with fifty-two math problems, half of which you don't understand, for a test the next day. Spring Break better be awesome or I'm going to be pissed.

 I'll be on the road in a few hours and I still have things to do at home so I'll be brief... The sinus problem has grown: I now have a canal for a nose, an apple for a throat, and a painfully frozen tundra for a chest. The only really good thing about being sick is you get a lot of reading done, of course, if you don't like to read being sick is horrible... I will not have access to a computer over the next few days so don't expect a bloggin'... And hey, if you are a faithful reader (which none of you are) spread the word about my url change because I don't think too many people knew about it... Blog ya Sunday.

 Evidentally my sinuses have it in for me. It seems that every time I plan on going out of town, or am already in the process of being out of town my sinuses react to something and I feel like total shit. Seriously, when we went to Aruba for vacation this summer (Yeah, Aruba) I got a massive double ear infection near the end of the week and when we flew home I basically went deaf, it took two days for my ears to go back to normal. I got the 'sniffles' before we went to a Braves game in September and my throat started to hurt over Christmas break... And now the day before I head to Florida for a wedding my entire head becomes a snot ball. I think my sinuses and I should go on Dr. Phil and work out our problems.

 I really wish J.R.R. Tolkien had written an individual book about either Gandalf or King Theoden. Gandalf is probably my favorite character in this trilogy because he seems to have a whole other life that no one knows about until someone pops up and starts talking about it. I like the fact that in the film version of The Return he takes on this fatherly, almost godly, position and everyone listens to what he has to say. I also like King Theoden because he is smart and brave enough to take the enemy head on and still die with courage. I think Tolkien would have been a cool guy to sit down and have coffee with just because he is so smart, and there is so much going on inside his head that no one ever knew about. No matter how geeky or cliche I'm going to sound, I'm going to say it... I love these books.

 I had forgotten how good this was... P.S. I'm considering shaving my head completely... Much like Jim Carrey...

 The Lord of the Endings The Return of the Clapping You know, this is a great movie and all... But it could have ended like four times. The main scene that was definitely not needed at the end was the 'good times with Gandalf' scene (As urlLink Seth and I so kindly named it). It was too much slow motion, too much cheesy-ness, and way too much Gandalf... They also could have edited out the scene when Frodo finishes the book 'cause they talk about it later as he leaves for the Grey Havens, so why keep the bladder bursting audience there for an extra unecessary minute? I think the thing that really bothers me though is that when I watch this movie I can still hear the audience from December clapping at every scene and laughing at every not-so-funny moment. God that was a terrible experience. Tell me what you thought of this movie, did you like it, dislike it? Did you cry? (Admit it you weenie)

 U2's long awaited album will be here in the Fall. The single will be on the airwaves in September (if my sources are correct). Prepare yourself for musical bliss.

 Okay, so I stay up for the terribly un-funny Craig Kilborn to see Morrissey, only to find out that Morrissey is sick and won't perform until Wednesday. And that's if he's lucky! What is the world coming to?

 I was just looking at some old pictures and ran across this one. I've finally realized: I had a lot of hair. And I resembled a hobbit quite a bit.

 Is Monday Latin for 'crappy television night'?

 As you can tell from my sidebar I'm a little Lord of the Rings'ed out... I've been watching and reading LOTR stuff all week so I can be ready for The Return of the King... The movie, not Jesus... I have also been meaning to introduce a new link category that I put up a while ago... It's called Films Past, Present, and Future ... It's basically links to all different kinds of movies I have enjoyed or am looking forward to that have good web designs. The coolest web design available in my links area right now would have to be urlLink Vanilla Sky's website, check it out... I'll be adding more websites as the summer progresses.

 Man, finding money in the couch is awesome! I just made a $1.75!

 I'm so excited that I actually have a script moving along, that I decided to give you one line of it... Ready?! Abe Lincoln The worst thing was... Right before he shot me I was thinking, 'God, I wish this was over' (It was a terrible play)... And then... It was.

 I viewed two comedies tonight, and pretty much only enjoyed one of them. First, I went to see Shrek 2 with my sister and friends... I did not really enjoy it... Sure it had it's high points, and Antonio Banderas is good in it, but all together I wasn't ecstatic when I came out of the theatre. Then, I saw Stuck on You ... At first I was expecting nothing more than a morally degrading Farelly brothers film, but it turned out to be pretty decent. It wasn't offensive like I thought it would be, and the jokes were better than I had expected... Please, tell me what you thought of either one of these... I would like to know.

 I am considering writing an article for urlLink Relevant online... Now, what about I don't know...

 Here are some shots of what I have done on the first full day of summer: Slept past six o'clock! Worked on my script, type-writer style. Ate more cookies. Worked on a new feature coming to an improved clintalwahab.com called The Gollum Award. I vanquished my roachy enemy and smote his ruin upon the mountain side. And finally, I went streaking in Hong Kong! (I highly recommend it, Hong Kong is beautiful this time of the year.)

 Well, I might get in trouble for this, or be told to not get so personal on the blog... But I'm going to because, guess what... It's my blog. So I applied for a job at Best Buy last Thursday, but have still not heard from them. Yesterday, my dad landed a big job that is going to be very 'profitable'. (My dad's a carpenter) So today he asked me if I wanted to help him with the job and make a nice little hole in the wall of money. (Actually I think of it as a hole in the wall, not him) Now ever since I could lift a crow bar I have been working with him, and so I said sure why not... But lately I have been having troubles with my work schedule and he has woken me up the day of the job telling me to hurry up, and I was completely unprepared for the job... So I made it clear to him that I want to know ahead of time, and no surprises this time. (I kind of sounded like a footbal player signing a contract) Then, something strange happened... I went back to the computer screen, and then he starting saying something along the lines of, 'I mean, it's better than lockin' yourself up with some big business like what you applied for'. He was trying to lure me into working for him for good! I quickly retorted, 'Yeah but Best Buy is where I want to work'. Ever since I began working with him I have never enjoyed it, I have been waiting so long for a job so that I can just get away from the house so that when he needs a furniture lifter I'm not around to be tricked into doing it. Don't get me wrong, I've tried to tell him, 'No I don't want to work for you anymore', but I can't argue with him because of other reasons we shall not get into in this post. And then, he said it... I've come to learn that my dad doesn't know when to stop talking when someone is pissed off at him. 'I can't believe you. Some people would give anything to have the kind of relationship you and I have.' (He then mumbled on to himself...) WHAT FUCKING RELATIONSHIP?! I hate working with him, he doesn't treat me fairly, sometimes makes up stuff about already paying me, and he doesn't listen to me what-so-ever! If someone would pay to have the relationship my father and I have, I would be sold in a heartbeat. I just thought I would share this and get some anger off of my chest... And if I get one bloody comment about writing in a personal journal, I will track that person down and kill them. P.S. No, my dad is not dipping in that picture.

 These cookies are going to be the death of me. They are sooooo good.

 urlLink Oh my...

 So this is either the greatest hoax of all time by a comedian, or it is the greatest hoax by Andy Kaufman... He's urlLink alive . Every news website has now done a spot on him... I'm still skeptical about this though.

 Wayne, You're Awesome So I went to church tonight thinking it would be a 'classic' Wednesday night like we use to have. But I found it was soo much better. Wayne Baldwin, one of my greatest adult friends in life, and whom I consider family, came to church with a little surprise for me. He walked in a showed me a humungous pack of papers bound together and wrapped in a plastic bag. I looked at it and saw what you see up top. It was an original Lord of the Rings The Return of the King movie script printed off for a cast member. This aint no cheap immitation! I began to read it later and became so intranced with it... It's so cool to think that the thing I am reading was read by Peter Jackson or Phillipa Boyens. It's also extremely encouraging for someone who is trying to write a script. Thanks Wayne, you are awesome. Here are two other shots I took:

 Wow, this week has been nothing but studying, sleeping, and sitting. But I only have one more day of it and then I am free. For the summer at least. I have my wellness exam tomorrow, wellness is the sophisticated term for gym class. And I think this is actually going to be my hardest exam. We spend a few weeks in the classroom every semester and that's where they get their exam material from... And lemme tell ya, it's tough stuff. I took my science exam today which I was rather worried about, but when I started it I found it was the second to easiest exam all week. AND I got an eighty-fa-reakin'-seven on my Spanish exam! That's better than my mid! What a week my friends, what a week.

 If you have not picked up the latest issue of urlLink Relevant now is the time to do so. There is an awesome article about the Son of Sam murderer, he has completely turned around his life and is now a christian. Check it out, or die.

 I finally came up with a semi-decent script the other day. I stayed up until about 1:30 on Saturday writing and developing the characters. Writing can be so relieving because you can make the characters just how you want them, and you can love them. One thing that is not relieveing is eating at Subway after church on Sunday and trying to sit down and write something decent. Who knew Subway would be so bloody crowded? And with the annoying type of people too? The crowd consisted of mothers with their little daughters who think they are queens of the universe and order veggie subs. My favorite thing about those type of kids, though, is when they try and tell the guy what they want they talk into the glass that seperates them from the food making table, and think that the guy can actually hear them. I got a good laugh out of that one... At least Subway is good for a picture and paragraph on a blog. Have a good day, I'm going to go study now.

 Welcome, to clintalwahab.com... Together we will make a difference... Not really, but it sounds good.

 Just in case you can't tell from the picture itself or the enormous hint in the description, the title picture is a picture of a swarm (flock, herd, family reunion, whatever you want to call it...) of ants on concrete... It was such a large group of ants that I just had to take a picture of it... Hope you can see them, if you're bored look for the waldo ant, he should have a little red-striped shirt and a toboggan on.

 urlLink This article at Relevant has gotten so many replies to it it's amazing... And the article alone is amazing. Read it now, whether you have this problem or not, it's a good read.

 Movin' Out Well, I'm moving my blog... Don't worry it's not too far away. This Tuesday, May 18, my new blog url will be www.clintalwahab.com. Pretty simple actually. So be ready Tuesday, and spread the word.

 T.V. Depression The begining of summer has become a depressing one. Friends and Frasier are gone, The O.C. was depressing, and now Jimmy Fallon is leaving Saturday Night Live. He definitely had the best going out skit though. Why is it that every good SNL actor leaves at the peak of their career to go off and do other things? Why?! Anyways, I hope the summer gets better television wise, but it's not looking too bright what with 'For Love or Money' and 'Who Wants to Marry My Dad?'...

 This movie is now one my of my top five favorite movies of all time. It was so bloody good.

 I hate money.

 The more I think about this film the more I like it. This is quite strange...

 I Remember Damien Rice I remember it well The first time that I saw Your head around the door 'Cause mine stopped working I remember it well There was wet in your hair I was stood in the stairs And time stopped moving I want you here tonight I want you here 'Cause I can't believe what I found I want you here tonight I want you here Nothing is taking me down, down, down... I remember it well Taxied out of a storm To watch you perform And my ships were sailing I remember it well I was stood in your line And your mouth, your mouth, your mouth... I want you here tonight I want you here 'Cause I can't believe what I found I want you here tonight I want you here Nothing is taking me down, down, down... Except you my love. Except you my love... Come all ye lost Dive into moss I hope that my sanity covers the cost To remove the stain of my love Paper mache? Come all ye reborn Blow off my horn I'm driving real hard This is love, this is porn God will forgive me But I, I whip myself with scorn, scorn I wanna hear what you have to say about me Hear if you're gonna live without me I wanna hear what you want I remember December And I wanna hear what you have to say about me Hear if you're gonna live without me I wanna hear what you want What the hell do you want? This is a great, poetic song. You should listen to the actual song though, it's even better cause you can seriously feel the anger.

 T-Roy Okay, so I saw it. There are many things to go over about this movie, so please bear with me. How I Did It So today once my mom picked me up from school I mentioned going to see a movie. We always go right after school so we don't have to deal with the teenager crowd. She asked if I wanted to see Troy, naturally I took advantage of the situation given my restrictions. (My mom has banned me from all rated R movies because I saw Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind when she told me not to.) I said ah heck why not! So we get our seats, and she finally figures out that it's rated R. She was rather mad at herself because she had broken her own rule. I mentioned that at least I was in your presence when I watched it and I not out at one in the morning sneaking out to see a movie (not particularly this one). So we stayed. The Movie I will have to admit, this film wasn't terribly horrible. I've always had a certain fascination with Greek mythology, so that helped a good bit. But, here is the downslide/disclaimer: this is not a character movie, this is strictly action, blood, and some sex. There are cheesy lines and there are definitely inexcusable crap parts that would never happen in real life. The acting is pretty good, though there wasn't a whole lot. Sean Bean, my English icon, was in it so I was satisfied with the cast. The fight scenes were... Gladiatorical...(I'll leave it at that) And the women were freakin' hot. My Discovery With this film I have finally discovered that there really isn't a single movie that I see that I don't like. I think I like all kinds of films because I think that if I limit myself to just a specific type of film I will become too absorbed in that one type and become highly close minded. So I like all kinds of movies, and I liked this movie. If you can put up with lots of dirty scowls, rather bloody battles, and a little female backside and Brad Pitt's naked outline, then you will like this movie. Oh yeah, pee like a mad-man before you go 'cause it's pretty long. The Music The music in this movie was total crap... I'm sorry but it was. Wolfgang Peterson really seems to have a fascination with women belting at the top of there lungs... And they aren't even words it's just belting... Much like Gladiator's music, hmmm. The Previews This film actually had good previews, unlike Van Helsing. Catwoman, The Terminal, The Day After Tomorrow, and a teaser for Ocean's Twelve. Catwoman looks half good, I'm not a huge fan of Halle Berry. The Terminal looks incredibly awesome because it's directed by Speilberg, and starring Tom Hanks and Catherine-Zeta Jones. I absolutely love Catherine-Zeta Jones, ever since I saw her in Intolerable Cruelty I have been sold. I had heard of Ocean's Tweleve quite some time ago and was very skeptical... But I found out that the plot is in England, and my future wife, Catherine-Zeta, is in it! And finally, The Day After Tomorrow, this is another one of my guilty pleasures. It looks like a complete action movie, but it looks like a good action movie. Tell me what you think.

 Changes So alot has changed since the begining of my freshmen year in high school. I started off pretty confident about myself, then I became depressed because I was really having trouble figuring out who I really was, then life dragged along for a few weeks, and here I am today with opportunities awaiting me at every corner. And I've noticed I have become a lot more popular, I had been seeking that for so long, trying to be like everyone else, and then I start doing my own thing and I'm actually talked to in the hallways. The opportunities thing is quite strange also... Lately I have had people (mainly teachers and authorative figures) come to me and tell me I should start getting into this or that... Some of these things I have considered and some I have never thought of. Example 1: my geography teacher (also the band teacher) was signing off my paper for my AP class that I'm taking next year and he asked why I wasn't going to be in band... I sort of looked around thinking, 'What the hell?' I have no musical training whatsoever and here he is asking me why I'm not in band! Example 2: the great Wayne Baldwin also took a look at my schedule for next year and he asked why I'm not doing any media or electronic classes... And once again I found myself thinking, 'What?!' Sure I help with the sound and media at the church and have been pretty much since Jay began working there, but I'm not an electronics person! Am I? There are just so many opportunities that I have found waiting for me... I've also find some extra help with my photography with an old friend from my personal art lesson days. I actually get to go to a wedding and help photograph it! And then there is my drawing and my writing... And I'll hopefully be able to make some serious films this coming summer with our mission trip to Chicago... Everything is just all starting to become an option in my life... This is so strange. Also, I have a lot more friends than I did at the begining of the year, and they are actually good friends whom I can talk to in seriousness. I've found a better refuge at my church due to Life Groups; I've grown to know a specific group of guys and they have become really good friends... That's especially cool to me 'cause there were a few I, frankly, didn't like one bit... And now that my first year in high school is coming to a close, I'm looking back and thinking that even through the worst times, it was a good year and I'm glad it happened just the way it did.

 I just finished applying online for a job at Best Buy. It was the only thing left basically. I went to Barnes and Noble, Suncoast, Waldenbooks, and Borders and found out they either only hire 18 and up or already have positions filled. Hopefully Best Buy will like me. I'll inform you later.

 Uh, so what's the big deal about Prince? Suddenly he has become the pop sensation he once was... Rolling Stone has even dedicated their cover page to him, and trust me if I didn't get the mag in the mail I would not buy it... The only music I ever liked from this guy was the music he did in Batman (Possibly the greatest comic book movie ever). I'm sorry if you like Prince, but dang man... I'd rather listen to Beyonce... At least she's hot.

 AOL is out to get me. I have to delete my entire AOL database and re-install it because it has a had a critical error to it's main file. So, if the re-installation does not work, I bid you adeu. I pray this blog will be remembered forever, and may God bless all of your lives.

 Okay I swear this is the last time I change my template. First I tried the basic skin, thought it looked bad, then I got all abstract and found out that it doesn't compute with macs... So then I changed it to this, but couldn't understand the coding so I went to another form of abstract and thought it looked bad... So finally I came back to this, figured out the coding and here we are... The sad thing is the last three steps happened today...

 I figure if I can read this 1,210 page long book, I can conquer the world. And use it as a nice pillow during exams.

 Hahaha... Wait this is cool. Well I saw Van Helsing tonight because I have to admit, I have been looking forward to this movie. It's one of those guilty pleasures. When it comes down to 'yes' and 'no', I'll have to say 'YES'. It's a total action flick, but if you are going to go action, go with Van Helsing. Sure it's ruled by CGI, but it has the utmost classics evils: The Werewolf, Frankenstein, Egor, Dracula, and the brides of Dracula! How cool can you get?! Plus Hugh Jackman knows how to do action flicks. There are the corny lines every now and then, and there are the impossible jumps from buildings. But hey, you're watching an action flick by the same director as The Mummy, what'd you expect? So, in conclusion my final rating for this film would have to be a four out of five... And I command you to see it now.

 urlLink The Jesus Look ... Not what you're thinking.

 Well, as you can see I changed my blog template... Hope you like it. If not, too bad.

 Wow, so I open up blogger to put in a new post and they have totally re-designed the look of the editing page... this may take some getting use to... Anyways, I made a urlLink wish list much like Seth did, because my birthday will be here in 1 month and three days. You don't have to get me anything, I'm just putting it there... you know... just in case...

 urlLink This is a good article about both Tarantino and good writing. Though I have never seen any of Tarantino's works I think it is plain to see what the author is talking about.

 Well, It's over... I feel like I've lost six really good friends. But life goes on, hopefully one day I will be able to write something as genius and beautiful as Friends .

 I love my dog.

 Oh my dear Lord, I have never watched a better episode of The O.C. I am actually depressed now because of what happened. Josh Schwartz really does a great job of developing characters and relating them to the viewer. (a high school loser like myself (not self-pity)) The thing that made this episode so powerful was the ending... It finally wasn't your typical teeny-bopper show, it was cinemagraphic and personal. They had Rufus Wainewright's Alleilua playing which, if you've heard it you would understand, made it tremendously deep. Well, I had better go to sleep before this sinks in too much and I get emo about it... Yeah, I'm weird, I'm aware...

 A poem by one of my friends in my English class (edited by me, cause it sounded awkward (no offense)): The weathered old man lay in the corner, Overlooked by many bystanders, With tears streaking down on the sidewalk, And filled with regret the old man sighed. He then fully realized that he would need another job If he wanted more crack-cocaine.

 Man, I am going to miss Friends so much. I grew up with this show. I actaully think I might shed a tear...

 Pay a visit to urlLink Relevant . I'm addicted to this website.

 I think that if I don't get some creative juices flowing soon and come up with a decent script I'm going to turn into a potato.

 Well, this very day one year ago urlLink Seth began his blogging adventure. Happy blog birthday Seth, you won't be getting a gift though.

 Saturday is now my favorite day of the week. Mainly because I can sit around, eat spiderman cereal, make goofy faces, and show off my new haircut on my blog.

 So evidentally I upset some lost emo soul in my Spiderman review. According to how he/she read it, I gave away the 'surprise' at the end... So to those who haven't seen it and don't want to know the 'surprise' at the end, don't read my review. To the lost emo soul I say to you: boo-frickin'-hoo . P.S. If you don't like the way I blog, say it... But say it once and then move on, if you still don't like how I blog here's a noble concept: Don't read my blog!

 Just got back from Spiderman 2 . It was definitely better than the first one. The action scenes were incredible, the cinematography was decent, but the dialogue... Man oh man, they need to work on their dialogue... There were so many corny lines, some lines I actually laughed out loud or giggled because it was so incredibly cheesey. Either way, it's still good because it's a comic legend and they did a great job of living up to the name. They already set up third though. Harry Osbourne will become the Green Goblin, and the astronaut (MJ's boy toy) will go into space and bring back Venom. Most excited about that. Oh yeah, don't take the kiddies to see this, it's pretty violent. The first action scene with Doc Ock actually scared me, it was so violent and 'war-like'. If the kid is under 13, don't take 'em.

 I love summer rain. It's most soothing right before dinner time after a day of working. And now the rain is headed this way right before dinner after a day working. The little wishes are best when they come true.

 So, this urlLink Habbo thing has gotten more and more fun, and more and more serious. First, I had some furniture stolen from me in an unfair trade... (Long story) Then I decided to change rooms cause I didn't like the set up. My new room is called The James Effect. Yes it is named after the book of James. I call it the 'effect' because what he says is so impactful and really sticks to you and makes you think. And now I'm going to pull an Andrew Jones and use it as a tool for devotionals, discussion groups, and totally hanging out. If you are not a habbo, now is the time to become one... It's awesome. The James Effect room will be re-furnished in the next week, once I get more money.

 Hoora for urlLink The Brian ! Hoora! Hoora!

 So I'm still on the 'Camp High'. The 'Camp High' is that ultra urge to read the bible and pray that you have after a week of camp. So during my camp high I read the first half of the first chapter of James. I had heard some good stuff about the book of James, so I decided to give it a shot. It's pretty cool so far, he knows how to tell it like it is, and say what is right and what is wrong. Of course, I hope to go beyond this camp high and make it a life style, that's why I have you (the reader), my personal journal, and candles to set the mood. So as of right now you guys are my giant, internet accountability partner.

 Yeah, so I was definitely just hanging out with urlLink Andrew Jones for an hour... urlLink Habbo Hotel is the best internet toy now.

 Well, I truly am a loser... I actually paid for furniture to go into my urlLink habbo room. You can now hang out at my room when you become a habbo and search for Clintoniousss and clicking 'Breathe'. Seth has a room as well (his is much cooler), search Awakeland.

 My new addiction: urlLink The Habbo Hotel

 Viva La Revolucion Just a few pictures from camp... I had such a bloody good time, both spiritually and relationship wise, we have formed a little group of crazy hooligans who I think will one day rule the camps, mission trips, and most importantly the Late Nite. Amy-Jo was the leader on my bus both to and from. Garret took a little nap on the way home, he's also the best bosom buddy a man could ask for. We caught Troy bowman lurking around our cabin uninvited so we decided to tie him up and spray girly perfume on him. (One of the highlights of the week) Darrel paid a visit with the Girardier child, Diesel. Danny Poole, the ultimate cabin leader. Justin Landis... Need I say more? Lots of huddling. Greg was our speaker and is now one of my favorite people, I really wished he lived in Nashville. The hammock was our spot for yelling at the girls cabin right next to us, they sat out there for three hours one day yelling non stop at them. Seriously, non stop screaming. We had nightly gatherings in the living room for stories and bubble gum jokes from Matthew and Justin. Cam... I'm working on uploading videos right now... I'll post them later though.

 Well, tomorrow I leave for the camp which I was originally not suppose to go on, but got a scholarship for it. So I'll be gone until Friday afternoon. I am quite excited about this camp because the resort is incredibly nice and I'm a host for late nite. I'll blog on either Friday or Saturday, I'll have pictures and journal notes for posting when I get back. P.S. First person to guess what the picture is correctly wins...

 I am so completely bored that I have reached the point of insanity. I literally can not think of one thing to help pass my time. My printer is broken, my creative juices dried out a looong time ago, and the television is spewing total crap for programing.

 Well, I saw Dodgeball today and I hated it. Most of the jokes were given away in the previews and the ones that weren't... Weren't that funny. Just a disappointment all together. I should have seen it coming.

 Go see this right now, drop everything, if you don't like it then you obviously don't like humanity, puppies, or happiness.

 Okay, I take back that guilty pleasure for I, Robot... This book sucks.

 Lately I haven't been able to get to sleep until about three in the morning just because I've gotten use to staying up or I had caffeine at ten. So, I'll read my book for a while, finish a chapter, and click on the television. NBC really has it together, even at three in the morning they are showing primetime shows. Last night I watched Dr. Phil, you know at three thirty in the morning he doesn't seem like such a hick. The other night I watched a two month old Tonight Show (Still bad even when dreary eyed) and a week old Conan episode. I wish ABC would get their act together like that and show more Friends episodes like they do at 10:35 and 11:05. (For those of you who don't live in Nashville, our local ABC station shows old episodes of Friends, I'm not sure if all of ABC does, but we do.) Of course, if they did that I would be up all night and never sleep again... Maybe I should just go to sleep and not worry about what's on at three, but what fun is that?

 After talking with urlLink Seth about why George Lucas is such a horrible director and writer I've decided that I am going to go out to Hollywood force him to sign Lucasfilm Ltd. over to me and then kill him, throw him in the middle of the Pacific and come back home. Seriously, he's that bad.

 Since I moved back to this blogspot name, I decided that I shouldn't let my paid for website go to waste so I started up urlLink The Gollum Award . I had been planning on doing it for a while but I never got around to it and since all I do is sit around and eat chocolate I decided to work on it. The background is pretty bland I know but it's still a work in progress. Please come back after viewing it and tell me what you think of it.

 My mom went to South Carolina this week to visit family and won't return until tomorrow. One new thing she will be returning with is a new car. My grandfather is a car dealer so every time we visit we go to see him at work, and usually we browse the lot. Well this time my mom browsed and found something... And bought it today. It's a mini-van of course (They're good for traveling). What's awesome about this mini-van though is that it has a DVD player, XML satelite radio, 6 disc cd player, and leather seats. So until I take driver's ed, which won't be until the fall, I get to cruise around in the pimped out soccer mom's van. It's not too bad though cause I've gotten use to driving a mini-van and don't mind it anymore. And plus, leather seats dude.

 Guilty pleasures: Movies- Chick flicks, for some reason I like watching them. Books- I, Robot... Sure it's the ultimate sci-fi geek's book, but it's really cool. Celebrity Crush- Christina Aguilera, some think of her as a whore, I like to think of her as Christina Alwahab. Music- Train, I listened to them a lot when I was young so I've grown to like them. Entertainment- Computer games, that's my only form of video game entertainment so I prefer playing on the computer instead of PS2. Clothes- American Eagle khaki shorts and jeans, think what you may, but they are comfortable.

 Okay, well I'm back to clintonious.blogspot. Sorry for the moving around, for some reason my server keeps messing up on me so I decided to move back here. As you can tell my pictures are not loading right now, that's becuase they are all on the server that is messed up, so give me a few days and they should be back up. Until then I apologize a million times. I updated urlLink my top five finally, so you can check that out if you wish.

 Oh my dear Lordy urlLink this looks incredible. I know Seth posted it but I am too because Batman really is my childhood hero. That counts as a birthday gift from the world, because that is some of the greatest news a comic-book junkie could ever hear. I hope June 2005 gets here really fast.

 THE CAKE. Complete with three holographic pictures of Doc Oc, Green Goblin, and Venom along with a Spiderman atop a light up gargoyle and a Spiderman city billboard. Thirty-eight freakin' dollars.

 So I've investigated more into Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow and I'm starting the book version, and I have to say I am extremely excited about it now.

 Your gun went off. Well you shot of your mouth and look where it got you. My mouth runs too. Shouts from both sides, "Well we've got the land but they've got the view!" The View- Modest Mouse

 Yesterday my mom called from work and told me that she printed off two coupons for Borders, one for a book and one for a CD. We went to see The Stepford Wives later that night, but had to hang around for a little bit because we had to wait for the next showing. So she said why don't we just go to Borders now? Sure, I like getting presents early! I only ended up picking out a CD, we're going back today for the other stuff. I picked Muse's Absolution and with my own money I bought the discounted to ten dollars Good News for People Who Love Bad News by Modest Mouse. I actually really like the Modest Mouse album, there are a few songs that they had to be on something when they wrote them though (The Devil's Workday). My mom said that I could also pick out a movie since I am such a movie drone. So I was looking around having now clue which one I could get that wasn't R and then... I found it. Them would probably be the better word. The Widescreen Edition of the Indiana Jones Collection with an extra DVD of special features. My mom looked at it and said she wants to look for it somewhere else (Cheaper). So I'm pretty sure I'm getting that for my birthday! I'm going to show a picture of the cake later, you have no idea how cool it is. All I can say is Spiderman. Now, onto The Stepford Wives . I'm sure by now all of you know the plot of this movie and most of you probably think it looks stupid. Originally this movie was a thriller and then the person who decided to re-do this obviously saw it as a very humorous film. And they did a great job of making this a very funny film. The ending was sort of strange but it was still a good summer flick. Not much more than that... Of course, there are Faith Hill and Nicole Kidman walking around and looking incredibly gorgeous... That's a plus.

 So I wake up at 11:30 this morning and find this beast of a coffee mug sitting on the counter in my kitchen... Now I am desperately tempted to drink from it, but know that I'll be up until three and my sister would be mad cause it's hers. So I settled for my Pirates of the Caribbean mug. Maybe tomorrow, she can't say no on my birthday.

 Boy, George... I just finished Star Wars Episode II and discovered that I still don't like this movie. Oh sure, it has a lot more action than Episode I but the acting is still so blatantly bad. Ewan McGregor was good but he had still some extremely corny lines. But I'm not going to blame to poorness of this film on the actors, no no. I blame it on Lucas. He's gotten a little too CGI happy with 1 and 2, and now he is paying for it. There is just way too much CGI in this film. The originals were incredible because everything was real. We look back now and kind of laugh at it, but the truth is that that is amazing that everything was a model or make up and then they made it look real on screen. But with 1 and 2, instead of using mini models and actually getting creative with the making of the film, Lucas has made everything CGI. Don't get me wrong I'm all for CGI, but there is a limit and I think he crossed it when he made 'bom-bad' Jar Jar Binks. I just hope that Lucas won't screw up the next one because I'm actually looking forward to this one.

 Good God this book is messed up. I feel like I've just gotten off an acid trip after reading a chapter.

 So in trying to sink back into the Word I started looking around all the books of the bible looking specifically at chapter six verse twelve. Why? Well that's my birthday and I thought it would be cool if I found something meaningful... Turns out I found some meaningful ones and some not-so meaningful ones. Meaningful We do not want you to become lazy, but to imitate those who through faith and patience inherit what has been promised. Hebrews 6:12 Being expected of something has always motivated me for some reason. Fight the good fight of faith. Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called when you made your good confession in the presence of many witnesses. 1 Timothy 6:12 That's basically telling me what I need to do with my christian life if I want to live it true... And you can't get more meaningful than that. Not-so Meaningful A scoundrel and a villain, who goes about with a corrupt mouth. Proverbs 6:12 Well I've cursed before but scoundrel? Lighten up man. He that is far away will die of plague, and he that is near will fall by the sword, and he that survives and is spared will die of famine. Ezekiel 6:12 I like to think that I have happy times ahead. Not plagues, or famine, or a bloody death. Those who want to make a good impression outwardly are trying to compel you to be circumcised. The only reason they do this is to avoid being persecuted for the cross of Christ. Galatians 6:12 You know, if somone starts talking to me about getting circumcised I'll have to remind them of the second part of Ezekiel 6:12, 'and he that is [a little too] near will fall by the sword [of Clint Alwahab]'. Okay so maybe I didn't find a whole lot of meaningful verses, but I found a couple.

 Ssh, God's Speaking Well it has taken me a long time to finally figure this out but I've finally found how God speaks to me. urlLink Seth had spoken of how God speaks to him through fortune cookies a while back, and it got me thinking about how God is telling me He's still around. And the other day it was revealed to me. I'm a sarcastic person, and I make a lot of jokes that only I would get or take a long time to explain. God is too. The other day my mom and I had to drive to Franklin to get vacuum bags (Yeah, apparently they don't sell them any where else). So as I sat in the car I watched through the window as the vacuum salesman (What a job) started to show my mom the new and latest vacuum. She stood there for a while, asked a few questions, you know just to be nice. But the vacuum salesman would not let her leave without letting her check out all the new accessories and gadgets, and right at that moment lightning struck behind me and reflected in the window right where the salesman was standing. You may not find this humorous but I find it really funny cause at that moment I was starting to think that all salesmen are minions of Satan and obviously God put a little spin on the joke with some lightning. Another way I know He's watching out is all the crazy things I see on Concord Road. I see all the weird yet funny stuff on that last bit of Concord Road as you are about to turn onto Franklin. I once saw a Brentwood Cop pulling over a Krispy Kreme Doughnuts van. I saw a garbage truck with the phrase 'Don't litter! Recycle!' on the side of his doors cut off someone and then spill two empty water barrels used in offices onto the road. And then, of course, there are the cows that live in the pasture next to the road. I swear these cows are possesed, they do the weirdest things. I once saw one chasing a car, of course he was behind his fence but he still just ran along side of the car. I also saw a cop pull over a person on the cow's side of the road and cow just walked right up to them and stared at them, looking back and forth as if he was the cops back up. So as I just explained, God makes me laugh, and that's how He speaks to me and lets me know that He's still up there watching. I would encourage you find how God is talking to you cause it's a lot of fun when you figure it out.

 Days That Are Over Sondre Lerche One hundred thousand cars have passed this house The celebration starts with laughter Can it be that we're not clean? The days have turned to haze Tell me how we should have lied To keep away this space To keep from snowing in Keep from lingering Keep our worlds apart When it comes to letting go Let the quicksand flow When I write it in the sand There is something wrong Days that are over Will not continue to last If you try to construct the past I leave the heat on to leave a trace Of all the things the air was filled with All the words I never knew And all the words I know Now they all come out too late for you to realize Satisfy my luck This director's cut Doesn't spare an inch I have never seen this place and no surrounding walls As the party turns to dust They all understand Days that are over Will not continue to last If you try to construct the past

 It's official, Sondre Lerche is amazing.

 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas This caught my inner-thoughts for some reason, it seemed kind of meangingful but I don't know why now... History is hard to know, because of all the hired bullshit, but even without being sure of 'history' it seems entirely reasonable to think that every now and then the energy of a whole generation comes to a head in a long fine flash, for reasons that nobody really understands at the time- and which never explain, in retrospect, what actually happened. After re-reading and re-reading I can't really explain what it means... Maybe that's because I read it late at night and wasn't fully aware, maybe it's because I'm listening to music as I read this, maybe it's becuase it was written by a druggy, or maybe it's because I am a complete moron... Can someone please explain it?

 Oh my goodness, I do not like shopping for clothes. Especially at Holister, the fitting rooms are one giant room... I feel dirty trying on clothes in there. I was able to make up for it, however, by purchasing Two Way Monologue by Sondre Lerche and the self titled album by Franz Ferdinand . I decided to hold off on the Slipknot just for safety's sake, and I wanted some extra money to buy posters at the movie theatre this Friday, they are selling them again! I've also been meaning to show this for a while but have never gotten around to it. I've started to do collages with photographs from magazines and my own art... Here's one, it's not my favorite. I guess you could consider it a tribute to music, but I just ended up having musicians in all of the photos... I have two others that I will show later that I am more proud of. Tell me what you think of this one.

 Does anyone else find the Garnier Fructis commercials extremely depressing? Those people are so ridiculously good looking.

 Well, today has turned out pretty good. I helped urlLink Seth with his film today and ended up having a lot of fun. Now, I'm tired and hungry... Hopefully I will be able to see The Stepford Wives original movie tomorrow and give a review... Don't expect too much blogging from me for the next few days because I have really been drawing a blank on what to write... I'm trying to conserve some of writing also because I hope to do some good writing soon.

 As you can tell from the newly designed sidebar I am listening to music like crazy. I realize that I am listening to Korn, but I'm experimenting right now, and I think I won't like it. But I plan to buy the new Slipknot album not matter what. I have heard a rather encouraging review about it in Rolling Stone, they said some of the songs have a 'Beatle-esque' sound to them... So I thought I would give it a try. I've made two new categories on the side bar as well. Listening- Vinyl and Soon to Own ... Please enjoy.

 For some reason I enjoy reading American or cult classics... I'm not sure why.

 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Holy mother, this was awesome. Everything about it was awesome... I'm not even going to go into detail because it was so fa-reakin' (Sorry Seth, no other way of explaining it) awesome. The new director did a superb job of 'growing up' this series. He went beyond the basics of the school and of witchcraft and added more spark to it, and he made the characters real and believable. He actually got cinemagraphic with it which Chris Columbus, I think, failed to do. This was so cool. Although... I think it should be categorized in the 'cult films' section. Once you have people clap during your movie and dress up in character for your movie, then you knwo you have a cult film. Much like Lord of the Rings . I guess the word I would use to describe this movie is... Culty-filmtabulous-de-awesomeness . Yep, that's the word.

 The Day After Tomorrow I'll Be Snoozin' That spark or that pull that I had spoken of that made me want to see this, that made me feel like there was something more to this film was a total crock. This movie sucked... Period. There was no dialogue, it was just a typical Armageddon movie. The cast consisted of people who I looked at and said, 'Wait I've seen you somewhere' so I worried about who the cheesy actors were during the whole film. The only good actor in this was Ian Holm (Bilbo). It was so typical because, 1. The main character was related to a weather expert who knew what this storm could do. 2. The father of the main character decides to go save his son. 3. There is a girl. 4. It was so extremely corny. Every line was just cheese after cheese... I would say this is a total action flick, but it's not even that really... It's just one of Roland Emmerich's other ways of showing us how we can all die... I also think that Roland Emmerich and the other person who wrote this are against Bush because at the end they had the president, who didn't care about the environment at all, talk about using up natural resources too much and then he apologized to his country for messing up... It was so obvious that they wanted that president to portray Bush it hurt... Anyways, this movie was crap... Total crap, don't waste your money. At least I have Harry Potter to help me recover from this.

 Why is it that my father thinks spending money on stuff I want or enjoy is the work of Satan? But then he turns around and talks about buying a bar-b-que grill which we do not need... Can someone please explain this?

 urlLink This article at Relevant is actually rather enlightening... Finally, somebody proves Troy is good for something... Bashing it!

 Well, my transformation into geekdom is complete. I am officially the biggest nerd of all time... I downloaded Elvish fonts for my computer... And used them. I also googled information on learning how to read and write Elvish... Dear God, please leave me some friends, you know, just for the self-esteem thing, thanks.

 Man, sleeping till noon is such a satisfying feeling. I was suppose to help my dad today, but the lady decided she wanted to leave her stairs how they were (carpeted) so I got to stay home. Sure it was a missed shot at sixty more bucks, but who cares I got to sleep in! I did not get to see The Day After Tomorrow last night because my mom didn't really think everything through and didn't realize that if we go to a seven o'clock showing, she will get out past her bedtime. (She gets up at 4 on days she has to work (She's a nurse at Vanderbilt Children's Hostpital)) So she said that tonight we will go once she gets off work. And then on Friday it's Harry Potter day, my mom did manage to get those tickets and I think they are for the first showing. (Totally stoked) As you can tell I am preparing myself for the Harry Potter invasion, much like I will be doing when Spiderman 2 comes out and when any other sequel or remake comes out. Since I haven't done it yet I'm going to give a list of all the movies I am looking forward to... Here goes: The Terminal Spiderman 2 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban The Stepford Wives Garden State Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow Collaterol I, Robot (kinda) The Village The Bourne Supremacy I would have said Coffee and Cigarettes but I'm trying to not get too hyped about it because I know it will be R and my mom is weird about R movies... Also, if you look at the side bar you will see that I am listening to Pink Floyd... I'm experimenting with music right now and trying to collide all types of genres to see what I get... I can't figure out which Zeppelin album to buy though, so perhaps some classic rock fans out there could guide me?

 Oh geez, I've had to work with my dad for the past two days and it is soo exhausting... We had to tear up a bathroom ceramic floor, rip up carpet from a stairwell, then sand every bit of the stairs so that we can stain them in a few days. The only thing that is good about working with my dad is I make 10 bucks an hour... Right now I'm at 90 bucks and tomorrow I should make another 60... As nice as the pay is, I'm definitely going to have to find some other job because I'm going insane. I most likely won't though... Oh geez... I'm going to see The Day After Tomorrow tonight and I am buying my Harry Potter tickets in advance for Friday. Woo hoo! I'll give a review of TDAT later tonight.

 I think I need to get out of this Lord of the Rings rift. Mainly because everytime a tire screeched on the highway while we were driving or I heard someone scream I immediately thought 'Nazgul'. And then when I talk about stuff from The Lord of the Rings I refer to them in their elvish or some other form other than regular English name... Yep, me and Tolkien definitely need some off time.

 Well, I greatly apologize for the mess up over the weekend. For some reason my server likes to say that I have used up too much space I haven't done a thing... Oh well... The wedding was great, I had a lot of fun and was able to get a few good photos in black and white. Here are a few: The rest I won't show because they are of people you don't know... Other than that not much has happened, just been taking pills to get rid of my allergies and sitting around and finishing my book. Please note the new header picture, I took that at the wedding after the ceremony... There were two doves flirtin' on the fountain and i crept up close enough to get them right as they were flying away... Same with the new comment picture... Please tell me what you think.

 Life Outside 'The Bubble' As most of you know I was extremely nervous two weeks ago about the mission trip to Chicago that I took last week. I had spoken with interns and prepared myself as much as possible, but I don't think I could have prepared myself enough for such an incredible experience. This was my first out of state mission trip, and it was a doozy. We left Friday and arrived in Chicago on Saturday. Saturday consisted of unpacking, opening celebration, and finding our crew. Sunday was a get to know your crew day. We were grouped with another church from Oxford, Mississippi and we worked with Armitage Baptist, one of the largest churches in Chicago. Sunday was the day we went to a park and played sports... And invented sports. (Quarball) Then all the planning and preperation that we had done since June came to use on Monday. That's when the culture shock happened. Monday was a slow day for our team because we only had three kids that spoke minimal English and their mother who only spoke Spanish. Day two, what an incredible leap of faith. We went from three kids to 41, including parents. That was when I really saw God starting to move. I got to know some really cool, whacky kids and got to see what kind of life these kids grow up in. They grow up in such a different life style. Gangs hang out on their streets, homeless people sleep on their doorsteps, and some are even abused. There was one girl that I fear is an abused child. She was the sweetest girl, but was so scared and cautious. Her mother was very strict and very mean. As her mother left she yelled at her on how to sit properly. She really touched my heart because that was when I realized what kind of city we were dealing with, this wasn't your momma's mission trip, this was real and it was serious. Tuesday night was the night that we had nothing planned so our group went downtown. We then split up into smaller groups so that we could go where we pleased. Dave, Seth, and Grant were in my group. We decided to eat dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. We didn't leave their until 8:45 and we had to be back at the subway at 9:30. We didn't have time to go to Virgin Records, which was what I had been looking forward to for quite some time, I was rather pissed and was rather exhausted so I retired for the night at 10:30. Lights out was at eleven. We had a smaller number of kids on Wednesday, mainly because some were going to a birthday party or doctor's appointment. So it was somewhat of a recovery day for some because quite a few were still tired. We got to get to know more kids though which was awesome. Some kids that came Tuesday brought a friend or an older brother so that was good. Then Thursday was our emotional farewell. I am extremely proud of Chandler Kellog because he was not afraid to talk to kids and ended up bringing a young man to Christ. One of the ministers from Armitage visited our site because his kids were there and he ended up talking to Chandler, Matt, and I and we prayed with Matt and he accepted Christ as his savior. Chandler is a great example of ministering because he was not afraid to talk to Matt and talk about the bible whilst playing football or what not. This was all together an incredible experience. The worship time that we had at night was good only because we were able to reflect on the day and really see what God was doing and that made worship such an uplifting time for me. I didn't neccesarily like the speaker but I still enjoyed his rather basic sermons. I learned more stuff from myself and from prayer. As I said before, Wednesday night was the cry night. Our group went up on the roof of the circular dormitory that we stayed in and shared all that God was doing. I ended up talking to God really in depth and just thanking Him for so much stuff. I began to cry when I realized how perfect His plan was. I realized that everything that went on this week was perfect and happened exactly how it needed to. Nothing should have changed. I realized that our church on every block town needs to be like that because we then go out to the unchurched cities and minister to them because we know Christ, but they don't. And if we weren't the expensive churched out town that we are there wouldn't be anyone to go out to Chicago. That's when I began to breakdown. I didn't care who was around me anymore, I didn't care how typical christian it was. Everyone needs a good cry and a good hug. I thank urlLink Karyn for being there for me and praying for me. She was the shoulder I needed, she didn't ask questions she just knew that I needed someone to cry on. It's amazing how God moves. So, in conclusion: God is amazing. I don't think there is anyway to denie the existence of God after such an incredible experience such as that. If you did not go on this mission trip, and go to BBC, I encourage you to think and pray about it and prepare yourself to go on the next one. If we don't go to Chicago though I will have to beat Jay... In the name of Christ of course. Until next time. Photographs provided by urlLink Seth Worley and urlLink Darrel Girardier .

 Sooo much to blog about. But not the time for it. I'm still somewhat tired, I have millions of clothes to wash, and I don't have pictures yet. I wish I had taken the digital camera so I could have pictures right now but oh well. I only took two rolls of film because that's all I had so I'm going to put a lot of urlLink Seth's pics up too because all of his are freakin' incredible. This week really has changed a lot in me. Not like the usual ways, I actually learned something new that I hadn't heard before and some of it I was able to figure out on my own. I love this group of people that went and I hope God moved with them as much as He did with me. P.S. Chicago's climate needs to move to Tennessee. P.P.S. That's a preview of Seth's glorious pictures. P.P.P.S. That is Ricky in the pic, he was one of my favorite kids because he was so insanely hyper.

 Once again blogging from Chicago, but on Seth's mac. This week has been incredible. Everything about it. The week started off really slow and pesimistic but it gradually got better and better. I've gotten to know some people really well and grown stronger in friendships with people I already knew. The other night was the breaking point. We, as a church group, met together on the roof and it was the crying fest. Yes, I cried... but I've realized that it is neccesary. I realized that this week is a blessing and we are doing nothing but glorifying God. I really think that we need to come back here for the next few years because this is the place, this is the place for witnessing and spreading God. Got to go now, most of us are leaving for the mother of all thrift stores. A few of us went yesterday and discovered that Chicago is thrift city. So basically the whole group is going to a bigger store to get some mad clothes. Catch you later. Home is so close now. P.S. Lots to blog later.

 Blogging from the iBook laptop of Darrel Girardier in The Windy City. The past few days have been really great. The first night we stopped after about eight hours of Grey Hounding and stayed in Amy-Jo's home town of Chatham. I'm rather surprised that our host home was not mad at us because we made so much noise. I can't count how many times we ran in the wall or squirmed on the floor as Kyle credit carded us. Then the next day we headed out to Chicago. We stopped for lunch just about an hour out of Chicago and I got my first taste of some deep-dish/ real tomato pizza. The first whole day we were there was sort of a settle down, figure out what we're doing, and get to know the other churches. This is the first time I actually unpacked my bag when we arrived and organized all of my clothes. The other church that was teamed up with us went to a park with our church and we meshed and got to know one another. That day was the most laughable because Darren, Seth, myself, Brian and a few others invented a new game called Quarball. See Seth's blog for the team photo and details. Finally today we got to do mission work. I'm working with little kids... Right now our camp is very small... about three people small. Today was a very slow day, we got to meet Eduardo the two year old balogna eating child, Oscar the accidental grabber in tag, and Jasmine... Their sister. Luckily we met a few older guys that knew the city and knew Christ. At first they looked like extreme hooligans, but Dave was the brave one and took a few people over and gave them some of our extra snacks. We discovered that they are the nicest people in Chicago. Seriously, I can't wait to play flag football tomorrow with them. We played Piggy today. In Piggy you use a giant softball that is really soft and someone hits it out to the people in the field and whoever catches it is the batter. It's a fun game, and it really brought us closer to them. God is working, but He's working slowly. The family of three doesn't really speak that much English, nor the mother, so there is a barrier, but I have the feeling God will take us where we need to be. Please continue to pray for me and all of us. I'm going to go assess the damage of the loud crash I just heard, see you later.

 Final preperations have begun for the trip tomorrow. I'm quite nervous, but my beloved intern friends tell me it's natural, so that sooths me somewhat. I'm hoping for a lot of things this week but I'm not sure how this week will play out. I fear I'm going to have to take charge with our group because I'm pretty much the only guy in our Day Camp/Rec. group, and I think the girls are going to ask me to be the person that explains the games and what not. It doesn't sound like much, but I have terrible stage fright. Granted this is no stage but I still have to be a big example. I hope I'm making sense. There is a lot more to say but I don't know how to say it so I'm going to depart. I probably will not blog again. I give my best wishes to Sam who gets married on Saturday to her high school sweetheart, and I apologize a million times for not being able to make it. Pray for those two and pray for us in Chicago.

 Just saw the tv preview for urlLink Garden State and I have become even more excited. This is one of those films that you have to see no matter what is standing in your way. Even though it's rated R I am going to try my hardest to see it. Zach Braff is awesome. That is all.

 Watch the people scatter Watch them run for the hills Run for another day Run for a happier life Survival is the key Survival is never in death Death is never another step Death is always the end The end to life The end to everything Everything is never after life Everything is always right here, right now. "There is always a beginning There is always an end" We never realize death is part of life, Until we are forced to say it at the funeral. I have been racking my brain for the past few days to find a creative spot. Finally I produced something, whether it makes sense or not I don't know. Let me know what you think of it P.S. I decided I need a different rapper/poet name... It's just not workin' for me.

 After watching every episode of 'I Love the 90's' I have found a butt-load of albums that I want to buy now. The only problem is, I'm dirt poor. I already had a list before I watched 'I Love' and so now the list has doubled... Maybe ye readers can help me in deciding which ones I should purchase first... 90's: Run D.M.C. - Founders of rap, I'm interested in seeing how different rap was back then. And plus I think Darryl McDaniels is actually a giant teddy bear on the inside. Fiona Apple - She may be a complete weirdo, but what I heard sounded really good. Oasis - Everyone hailed them on 90's , sorta... Jane's Addiction - Saw them on an old episode of SNL and became interested and then investigated and now I'm even more interested. Alanis Morsette - I'm not sure if I spelled it right but she is awesome. I was too young to get the concept of purchasing CD's when she was a hit though. 04's: The Roots - Saw them perform with Toots and the Maytol on SNL and was interested and then saw a music video on VH1 once and thought they sounded good. The Cure - I've always liked them and when I heard about their latest album I was most excited. Too bad I won't be here when they perform. Wilco - Need I say more? Ben Kweller - I was doubting him, but saw him on Conan the other night and really liked him. The Polyphonic Spree - I had planned on buying their new album the day it came out but I was still in Hilton Head so I didn't get around to it. I've heard this album is longer and better. (And not in a dirty, perverted way.) Let's see how many more times I can use the bold and italics buttons! Tell me which ones I should get fi rst on the comment bu tton of life.

 Movie Review... If you don't like it, don't read it. Well, I saw I, Robot tonight. I think they tried to go deep, and try and answer the questions of purpose, but it's hard to take a robot questioning his purpose seriously. I wish I could find a picture of my favorite scene because it was so Dead Man Walking . It's definitely a good action flick, that's all I have to say. P.S. Was anyone else rooting for the robots at one point or another?

 Tonight has been quite an adventure. At about five urlLink Kyle asked me to come over and having been annoyed from 1:30 to 4:30 because the same girl called me literally non stop. You think I'm exagerating but I'm not, I would tell her off and she would call back. So I immediately accepted Kyle's invitation and went to his house. We then proceeded over to the great Matthew Reese's house and then continued to play in the park and play with road kill. Randolph the Rabbit Road Kill was completely desecrated. We had fireworks a-plenty and matches a-plenty. I won't go into details because it is so vulgur but I will say that it was plastered to the concrete when we were finished. Now I am still at Kyle's and am about to go take a shower and watch Revolutions . Good night.

 I found my name. 3k-elenfant and I came up with a few names and we decided this is the best one: Ami?r . It's pronounced Uhmeer. Amir is my middle name and I played around with it and found Am I in there so I put a question mark in there. Sort of like Black Eyed Peas's Will.I.Am, but oh well.

 After reading all the interns' blogs about their adventures in Starbucks, Borders, and everywhere else cool, I've decided that I definitely need to get out more. I think that might help get some of the issues off my mind. (The annoying girls that I will NEVER date) I also decided as I laid in my bed last night that I need a new nickname. You know how all the cool rappers or all the poets on Def Poetry have seriously cool names and can use that name in their song or poem and sound even cooler cause it just flows right off the tongue? I want one of those names. At the moment I can't think of any good ones but I'll get back to you with a list. If you have any clean and wholesome suggestions by all means, suggest away.

 Good grief, I have so many books I want to read right now. I wish I could read them all at once. And having to read stupid school books about hell and the halocaust are not my favorites but are number one on my list. Books I want to read right now: Dracula Frankenstein The Bourne Identity The Invisible Man Harry Potter 4 and 5 (re-read) The Two Towers (re-read) About a Boy (Sorry Bethany, I never got to it) If only I had magical powers that allowed me to read eight books at one time. I'm sure that pops up somewhere in Harry Potter.

 Summer is always great, the best time is the first full week of just sitting around and sleeping 'til twelve. But soon enough the sitting and the staying up becomes tiring. In some ways I am ready for school. In lots of other ways I am not. This year is going to be a lot harder than the last. Mainly because I am taking English history AP and English 2 honors. This year is going to be a lot of writing. Plus I'm an idiot and didn't take driver's ed. this summer so I'm going to have to take it during the semester meaning I won't get home until six for two weeks. The only thing I'm looking forward to is the inspiration. I find a lot of my poetry and photographs pertaining to school and work related activities. So in a sense school will be nice. I believe I have begun to ramble so I will depart now.

 Nothing like the El Cheapo.

 As I said before I had free HBO, Starz and Encore all week at the 'resort' we stayed at. The films I watched were: Blade 2 ** Eyes Wide Shut **1/2 Phone Booth *** How To Deal *** 28 Days Later **** Open Range **** Buffalo Soldiers *** Re-watched The Memoirs of an Invisible Man **** Sorry Seth, I totally stole your star rating thing. I might have left out one movie but I'll get to it. I missed a few that I really wished I had seen: Frida, The Good Girl, and Punch Drunk Love. I'll give reviews of these films over the next few days, so if you haven't seen any, go see 'em or don't read my reviews.

 We never change, do we? We never learned to leave, So I wanna live in a wooden house, I wanna live life, always be true, I wanna live life, and be good to you, I wanna fly, and never come down, And I live my life, and have friends around. &nbsp; We Never Change | Coldplay

 Not much of a change but it will be like this for the whole year, different headers when the time comes though.

 For some reason I have been angry for the past few days.&nbsp; I'm not sure if it sleep deprevation, pesky people calling my home, or just the fact that I have lost my sanity but I am angry at lots of things and people.&nbsp; Some of them I have no reason to be mad at and some I have perfectly good reasons, either way I fear I will take it out on the wrong person soon.&nbsp; Later tonight I will be premiering the new Complicated Simplicity look. &nbsp;(Maybe I'm mad cause I'm such a blogging loser)&nbsp; I was going to wait until August 15th but school anxiety and nuisancy has already begun the attack and I need to fight back.&nbsp; But for the time being I have to help my dad fill pot holes in our drive way and then sleep some of this anger off. &nbsp; That reminds me of something else, all week I have been having really disturbing dreams.&nbsp; I don't know why but I have had lots of dreams of death and destruction.&nbsp; The only dreams I can remember are of planes exploding in mid air and falling into the ocean, family members being killed, and lots of other disturbing images that have haunted me in my childhood.&nbsp; What's really disturbing is the plane explosion dream was subtle,&nbsp;my family and I were sitting on the beach and a bi-plane was flying over the ocean with a banner on the back of it and suddenly the engine blew up and the plane went sailing into the ocean&nbsp;and we sat there as if it was normal and then went on as if nothing had happened.&nbsp; Maybe this is stage one of insanity.

 The Normal Paragraph (TV-PG) I'm feeling completely out of the loop after looking at all the updated blogs and info that I haven't heard about.&nbsp; Oh well, hopefully life will return to normal extremely soon because I'm sick of the beach.&nbsp; I never really enjoy family vacations because it always ends up being just me and my parents.&nbsp; Raina couldn't go this year, and Amber had to leave mid-week because she had to work so it was just me and the old people for the rest of the week.&nbsp; My self esteem was completely shot on Thursday for many different reasons, and by the time Saturday came I was thanking the sweet Lord Jesus for such a thing as 'home'.&nbsp; I took&nbsp;two&nbsp;rolls of photographs and&nbsp;maybe three&nbsp;shots on the&nbsp;digital camera so it might be a few days before I can get pictures up. &nbsp; The Anger Paragraph (TV-14) The&nbsp;main thing that&nbsp;helped me keep my sanity this whole week was I Love the 90's and free HBO, STARZ, and ENCORE.&nbsp; I watched movies every night that I&nbsp;had been wanting to see, and yes...&nbsp; I made reviews for all of them, so those who don't like my reviews, blog,&nbsp;or&nbsp;my life shut up and fucking deal with it.&nbsp; (Terribly sorry for the&nbsp;profanity but some people&nbsp;really know how to bug me)&nbsp; And to those little&nbsp;eighth graders that continue to call my home, stop it now.&nbsp; I am desperately serious, the first time it was funny but now you are&nbsp;pests.&nbsp; Just get it through your heads&nbsp;that there will never be a time that we will date or most likely even talk to each other so start calling somone your own&nbsp;age. &nbsp; There was something else that was on my mind that I wanted to talk about but it has left me and I am running on fumes right now so I believe I will go sleep.

 I leave for vacation in a few minutes so I thought I would inform you that I will not be blogging until next Saturday or Sunday. I bought a telephoto lens for 75 bucks from my art mentor yesterday so I should have some pretty good shots when I come back. I'll put them on a disc when I get them printed and show them here.

 So I leave for vacation on Friday and since my parents ended up buying the mini van with a DVD player in it I have been planning on buying new movies for viewing all week. And finally after about three, maybe four, months of sweet talking, bribing, and coaxing I finally bought The Matrix Revolutions . For those of you that don't know my mother banned all R rated movies that we did not own from being watched by me back in April because I saw the glorious Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind when she said not to. (Yeah yeah, 'what a rebel') And so finally tonight when we drove to Hollywood Video to return the ga-jillion movies we rented (Seriously, putting them in the drop box was like waiting at the DMV, no quick action walk by-drop in motion.) I walked over to the used DVD's section and purchased The Matrix Revolutions and the brilliant Minority Report . Oh what a glorious day. Buying movies with your own money is so satisfying.

 Weenies who haven't seen Frankenstein look away For some reason I have found a sudden interest in classic horror films such as Dracula, Frankenstein, The Wolf Man etc. I think I will be watching more and more and give reviews on them as time goes by. I watched Frankenstein today and it definitely takes the cake on bad endings. I didn't have a problem with the Monster dieing or anything, but the scene after that is what bothered me. The Baron is taking care of his son and then all the maids feel the sudden urge to bring him wine. Instead of the Baron giving the wine to Frankenstein he drinks it and starts to flirt around with the maids. I definitely didn't like that ending, but everything else was good. I really like that The Monster is trying to be human, my favorite scene is when he is throwing flowers in the water and then throws the girl in. This was the first time I ever saw the actual movie Frankenstein so I never knew the exact tale. I had always grown up thinking that Frankenstein's assistant was named Egor and that The Monster killed Frankenstein. Once again I am going to have to investigate into the real story... That's another book on the 'To-Read' list, it seems to be getting longer and longer.

 My photograph is up on urlLink A Picture's Worth today. Go soon though, Australia is ahead in time so I don't know how much longer it will be up.

 10 Things I Love About Dracula I watched 10 Things I Hate About You and the original Dracula today. I have always heard good stuff about 10 Things ever since it came out when I was a wee lad, so I decided to find out for myself. It was cliche, but it was good. The ending was beyond predictable, but that didn't bother me. I love how in depth they got with the clicks (sp?) of high school and the social status of people. I really liked Heathe Ledger's character because he was the weird transfer kid who everyone is afraid of but he's actually a really nice guy. Weenies who complain about me ruining movies look away. Then I got in the way back machine and watched the original Dracula . Surprisingly I enjoyed it quite a bit. It was interesting to see how far we have come in films. Since this was made just after sound was put into movies the scenes were very quiet. No music had been put into it. Luckily when they decided to restore it and put it on DVD they hired a composer to make pieces for the film. About half-way through the film without the music I realized I was about to go to sleep and my mom already had. So I put it on the musical version and it was even better. I've always enjoyed the old horror film stories of Dracula and company (Frankenstein, The Wolf Man, Mummy, etc) so I was really getting into it. The best performance was definitely the actor who played Rainsfeild, he reminded me so much of Gollum. He really knew how to catch the light in his eyes to make him look like a raging psycho. I really want to study up on Dracula and Van Helsing now because at the end John asks Van Helsing if he was coming and Van Helsing replied, 'No, I think I'll stay a while'. And then in the movie Van Helsing there was some unknown past between Dracula and Van Helsing. I think I'm going to have to investigate.

 Well now I feel really artistic. I got home today and recieved an email from a guy in Australia who has a website of submitted photographs from mainly Australian photographers. He emailed me asking if I would like to submit any of my work with a small paragraph explaining what it is and means to me. He said that they are trying to go global and get people of all races and he wants my help... This has really uplifted my spirits. urlLink Here is the site.

 I plugged the old computer in the other night and finally realized how freaking slow computers were in 1998. So, today I started clearing out the harddrive by deleting programs and written works that were no longer needed. I discovered that I might have been the cause of the computer to be so slow because I had trillions of random little pieces of work that were absolutely worthless. I found a wordpad document that didn't have anything in it except a font size of 72. All I can gather is I opened a program, changed the font, and saved it and it costed us 52 Kilobytes... There were a few things I found rather funny or worth saving, though. I found a few poems, some extremely bad and some I like. Here's a bad one: Night Night is when people sleep and those people's breath reap Night is when you can hear an owl and a policeman on his nightly prowl Night is when the children look under there bed, to make sure there is no monster named Uncle Ted. These are copied word for word by the way, so the words that don't really seem to make sense, made sense when I was in the 6th grade and trying to rhyme. Tom Tom the Turkey is his name he thinks thanksgiving is a game The hunters go out and search, While Tom hides out in the church. This one I had to path up some because the file was corrupted, but it's close enough for you to get the idea. And finally, I found this very very very strange story (Remember, the typos are included): The Easter Bunny, and the Chow-Chow. "Get your white fur off my territory, rabbit." Said the big dog. "Chewy, it's me, the Easter Bunny!" The huge fluffy rabbit stated in disbelief. "You're a fraud, you smell funny this year! You're a fake, I can't tell." The chow growled loudly. "Yeah well you don't smell so good yourself." Stated the Easter Bunny. Chewy started getting up to eat this big rabbit, but the Easter Bunny body slammed the mean dog, and the dog let the Easter Bunny pass, and everyone received toys and candy. Except the dog. He received nothing but a bad head ache. I'm not sure if I was still trying to get over my dog attack around Easter, but I obviously was not a fan of Chow-Chows... I'll post the ones that I like later.

 urlLink

 I can feel August slowly begining its attack. We just started July and I'm already dreading August 15th... August 15th is when the sequel to Clint Alwahab and the Sorcerer Vaden starts. It's going to be a long one too, it doesn't end until May. Look for The High School Strikes Back on August 15th.

 I most likely will not be posting much over the next few days because my modem has decided to become the slowest modem of all time in the Guinness Book of World Records, meaning I'm lucky I can open up this edit page. I think if the modem continues the slow act we will get comcast. Wa-hoo.

 I knew that one day I would have to start shoving off tele-marketers and telling them I don't want any, but I never thought that I would have to start now. Marvel Comics has now called me twice about the same thing... I have subscriptions to about three comics and so they send me all kinds of other stuff. A few weeks ago I received the 'Premiere Edition' of the 'Very First' Marvel shopping catalog. And nooow I have Marvel people calling me and asking me how I liked the magazine, if I liked anything, what my favorite superheros are and what not... The first time I thought it was one of my buddies calling me and trying to trick me because immediately the person asked me what my favorite Marvel character was... I sat there for a minute thinking, 'What kind of a question is that to start a conversation?' And right before I recieved the second call about the same magazine some random girl pulls up my drive-way (Which is hard to believe because I live in the boonies) and asks where my parents are. At first I found this extremely scary being home alone with the rain about to start pouring, and then I saw that she was kinda pretty and so I calmed down... She left when I told her they weren't here, I called my dad and he said that she was a book saleswoman... Who on God's green earth still sells books door to door other than the old man who has done it his whole life and people buy for courtesy?! Man, tele-marketing and door to door selling need to be banned from the world so we can all live in peace.

 The Camp High is completely gone and I'm finding it extremely hard to voluntarily read my bible. I've slowly slipped back into old habits that I said I was cutting. This is harder than I thought it would be. It's reeaally hard to not blow some people out of the water with a slew of mean comebacks and strong curse words right now, cause there are quite a few I would like to lay it down on. I think the fact that I'm in my house all the time and not out socializing or working or doing something is causing me to go back into the hole that I was trying to climb out of. I need to get out of this house. It's not only the going back to sin thing, but the getting fat and lazy thing... Seriously, I lost weight last week at camp, and this week I'm gaining it all back with Flips and cookies. Where's the Chuck Norris Total Gym when you need it?

 Just when I think I'm out they pull me back in. Seriously if I get another call from a girl that I don't want calling my house there will be such an onslaught of dirty words and voodoo cursings it will make Satan cry. It may sound a little selfish but my patience for this person dried up a long time ago. This person, whom we will now name Lucifer , called me at 9:30 this morning yelling, 'Ha-ha wake up!'. It's genius and diabolical, but not cool on the recieving end. So I tell Lucifer to never call my house ever again and quickly hang up shaking off the bad mental vibe that Lucifer gives off. Hopefully now that she has had her fun she will stop and I can stop blasting about people noone except the interns at church know. Peace be upon the rest of the world, I'm going to go listen to some anger music and watch horror films.

 This movie makes me what to try painting again. And Scarlett Johansen is a babe... That's all. P.S. Only see this film if you are patient, I loved it.

 Did you pull this out of your butt? Spoiler warning: don't read this if you haven't seen the film. The Village started off pretty nicely, it had a good, steady plot and was developing the characters nicely. But once they decided to send Ivy out of the village it started to look a little messy. And then came the one liner that killed it for me. "We have the magic rocks, we will be safe!" Will you smash them up and smoke them later? I thought it was really good up until she left the village, they could have stayed in the village and totally not gotten into the whole living in modern times but not really thing. They could have made these monsters real and not costumes under the floorboard. It could have been a totally different world that we never knew about but instead it had to be modern day and they just couldn't know about it. It could have been a fight with the monsters but also a fight for Lucius to live because he has been stabbed. I LOVED Adrien Brody's character, I thought he was awesome and he should have stabbed Lucius. But having to leave the village, the monsters not being real, the elders being normal people, and magic rocks was just crap. If M. Night had introduced the 'magic rocks' earlier that line wouldn't have hurt so much but they popped up out of no where and caused that one line to really hit you in the gut. Some didn't like the monster costume but I saw no problem with it, I liked it. It's really creepin' me out right now because I'm sitting downstairs in my wooden house in the middle of the woods writing this. I liked Ivy, I didn't really have a problem with her being able to look people right in the face because she sort of explained that... I think that Shyamalan got a little caught up in the Signs fame and rushed this script so he could get another film out there. I think he should go into hiding for three years and come back with an incredible script that just holding causes everyone to sod their pants on the spot. That's what I would do. Hey, at least the score was good...

 Red Letter Day The day came. We thought we could get away, But there is no escape from Red Letter Day. We feared it from day one. It sat in the back of our minds But they lined us up and prepared to say, 'Welcome to Red Letter Day'. Today was get your schedule, books and locker day, aka Red Letter Day. How depressing does that sound? It's sounds like we're being shipped off to Aushwitz. School has pretty much officially begun... The board is set, the pieces are moving. P.S. The digital camera is back from it's Brazilian adventure! P.P.S. I got that sweet chess set from Brazil!

 This week is going to be read your butt off week. Last week of freedom and I have to read about hell. Then I get to use the book as a guide when I go back next Monday. Mom gets back from Rio tomorrow, Raina leaves for Boston for the next two years on Monday and Amber is living it up in Charleston, seriously awesome shag-pad style. I'm really going to miss Raina, she was my relief and my hang out sister for the past two and a half years and now she's leaving for Boston to start a new chapter in her life. And I have the feeling she's either going to meet a 'special someone' up there, or like it so much that she stays. This is going to be a tough year. What really blows my mind is that when she's done with grad. school up there, I will be freaking eighteen. In just two bloody years I'll be eighteen! All the older folks reading this are thinking how simple minded I am but for me it's a mind job right now. Eighteen is that age that you always dreamed about as a kid, you know? It's that age that every cool person was at when you looked up to them. This year is going to be interesting. And I think The Polyphonic Spree's new album is my soundtrack... That is all.

 Oh what heavenly bliss there is when on a polyphonic spree.

 Holy crap, she's so gorgeous... And there are even more 'holy crap' pictures in the latest Stone issue. Holy crap...

 I just explored urlLink The Polyphonic Spree's website and it is now my favorite website of all time. It is seriously the best designed website I have ever seen.

 I'm really starting to think urlLink Darrel should have been in The Matrix trilogy. Seriously, can't you just see him reaching behind his back to 'stretch' and then what the crap! he's got a sabre, run!

 I hate sleeping til two. I feel so... Lazy.

 It is now 4:30 in the freaking morning. And I'm not tired at all. I'm watching 'The Early Today'... I didn't even know this show exists. Seriously my eyes don't even feel that heavy. Man, going back to sleeping at 9:30 and waking up at 6 is going to be a serious pain in the butt this year. I haven't even done anything useful since I've been up. I wrote a little bit at one, became dissatisfied with it and have been surfing the internet or watching TV ever since. Crap, I'm starting to get hungry too. Man, I was hoping to get up tomorrow morning... Now I'm lucky if I'm going to get up tomorrow afternoon. The worst thing about being up this early is there's nothing to do. Especially when you have to be quiet because of family members and you don't have cable. The only thing I can do right now is read, and I'm not really in a reading mood, you know? I guess I'll go get some pita bread and start reading The Inferno... I have the feelnig it will be alot like this because being up at 4:30 is hell. (And you make really bad jokes at 4 in the morning too)

 I watched an old episode of The O.C. yesterday. I have to admit, I am excited about its return. I did find a few corny lines in it, but what's a teeny bop show without 'em?

 I don't get it. Why is everyone so fascinated in finding out if Jesus was married? I just watched the ABC special called 'Jesus, Mary, and Da Vinci'. The name made me laugh but the topic seems silly to me. I think everyone is looking for a flaw in Christ so that they can claim Christianity hypocritical. I don't know enough about the whole 'secret gospels' or secret society of Zion or whatever they called it to argue, but it seems stupid to me to try and prove Christ to be false. They haven't found facts that he was and what they use as facts aren't complete. They found old 'gospels' from other disciples and even Mary. There was one verse in one of the gospels saying that Jesus would kiss Mary on the---. And there is a hole where it says where he would kiss her. Dan Brown and others of course are completely convinced that it says 'mouth'. But they have no clue becuase the word is completely obliterated. Some people confuse me.

 So evidentally that last entry was total crap because right after I blogged that I wrote an entire episode for my mini series. And I just finished an early draft of a short film. Maybe it's my creative juice-reader that's broken.

 My creativity is now a shriveled up piece of brain. I have used up all of my creative juices for probably the next two days. I wrote another episode of my mini series and tried two write a new episode but was completely dissatisfied. I love writing, but I hate it when I use up my writing cells. I'm out of writing cells for the day, if not the week. BLAH BLAH BLAH, BANG.

 I don't think I'll have my pictures from vacation or the mission trip for a while. My dad just asked me if I wanted to help him today to make some money so I can pay for my pictures. He specified that the money would be for my pictures. I said no just because I had other things planned today and I hate it when he pulls a job on me the day it's happening. Something else to do today is call places and find out when they are hiring for the fall. I definitely need a job this year.

 Out of all the summer camp pictures from this year, this is definitely my favorite one. That is the perfect example of what went on every night in our cabin. Matthew stood on tables and Justin screamed... Constantly.

 I tried to round up some people to go see The Bourne Supremacy , but I failed miserably. I watched The Bourne Identity today and the alternate begining and end. I am so happy that they edited out both the begining and ending. The original script is what the movie is now, but before they released it 9/11 happened. So they wanted to change it around to where everything that happened was just a flashback. I am so grateful that they did not do that because that would have totally taken away the 'real world' factor and would have made it a stupid/typical action film.

 Late Spring Cleaning Since I have not developed my photos from vacation and the mission trip, and my mom has the digital camera in Brazil I decided to show some oldies. I ended up re-organizing my entie My Picture's section of my computer. In the process I found some really cool ones I never published. Here are some. There you have it.

 I went over to Seth's today to help with Suburban Tumbleweed and ended up having a really good time. I wasn't really needed for the sound so I didn't have anything to do except help with costumes and script holding... But then dear Seth treated us all to a trip to Starbucks and gave me a pound of coffee. Quite excited about opening that puppy up tomorrow. I also got his pictures from Chicago so now I can publish his insanely beautiful photographs. I'm going to go watch The Bourne Identity now, in preperation for The Bourne Supremacy.

 Devote yourselves to prayer, being watchful and thankful. And pray for us, too, that God may proclaim the mystery of Christ, for which I am in chains. Pray that I may proclaim it clearly, as I should. | Colossians 4:2-4

