 GREAT PICTURE Head on over to urlLink Claudia's blog. She has a great picture of Kerry and Kennedy. I hurt myself laughing. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 TED KENNEDY IS A BIG, FAT MORON From the Jim Bean breath of Teddy himself, "On March 19, 2004, President Bush asked, 'Who would prefer that Saddam's torture chambers still be open?' Shamefully, we now learn that Saddam's torture chambers reopened under new management: U.S. management." Only a Liberal could compare the rapes and murders by Saddam to what's happening now. Everyone here knows how I feel about these "soldiers" who did this, but what they did is in no way comparable to what Saddam did. But of course you have to remember these are the same people who think Bush is worse than Hitler. Credit: urlLink LGF via urlLink Steve of Norway The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THE NEW LOOK As you can see, I've changed the look again. I had too. I was having too many problems with the 3 column style. Putting things in other than links was a bitch, but the load time was a nightmare. The three column blog took over two and a half minutes to load. This one takes just under two minutes for the whole thing to load, but at least the stuff shows up before then so you can read while you wait. Also, I got rid of a lot of links. Just no room. I only left the blogs and a few other things I couldn't part with. I will miss the Reagan pic, but life is full of sacrifices. I might make a few more tweaks here and there, but all in all I like the look. Let me know what you think and if you have any problems with something. One last thing, Jeff, I'm calling on your help again. If you wouldn't mind, could you take a look at the source code and do two things for me. 1. All the stuff in the right column is bold . Could you get rid of that for me? 2. I have an error. I think it's in the Mail Me section. I can't seem to find it. Could you have a look at it for me. EDIT Jeff, if you haven't begun yet, I was wondering if you do just one more thing for me? In the main body of the blog, where it's surrounded by that blue/grey line. Could you get rid of that white part after the line? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 I NEED YOUR HELP I need some help from those of you with dogs. I have a dog that, for some reason, just refuses to eat sometimes. But it's not that he doesn't eat at all, it sporadic. For maybe two days he'll eat every bit of food I put down as soon as I put it down. And then he'll go into a pattern of eating nothing for two or three days. Sometimes he'll just smell it and walk away and other times he won't even bother getting up. Does anyone have any ways you use to get your dogs to eat. Forget about getting him a different brand of food, he'll only eat one brand. I've moved his dish to a different spot. He's not gotten sick yet, but one day he might. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph, Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WILL THE REAL JOHN KERRY PLEASE STAND UP What kind of man is John Kerry? Well, I'll tell you. Last week he sent his wife out on a talkshow to call President Bush and VP Cheney unpatriotic because she thinks they've criticized his record in Vietnam. First off, no they haven't. They've criticized what he's done afterwards. Anyway, 'Ol Sourpuss did this knowing that the Bush Campaign couldn't do anything in return to her because the wives of candidates are off limits during an election. This is what Bill O'Reilly's talking about when he says "Hit and Run" tactics. Sends his wife out to do his dirty work without fear of any real reprisal. That's who John Kerry really is. The man has a yellow streak stretching all the way back to 1970. By the way, I like the new look of blogger. Looks a lot better. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY To all the mothers and mothers-to-be, Happy Mother's Day. I'm only sure of two woman who read my blog, urlLink Claudia and urlLink Jane and I don't know if either one of them are mothers. But if there are any mothers who happen upon here have a very happy mother's day. Here's some things I found on mothers that I thought I would share. Enjoy. "God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers." -- Jewish proverb "By and large, mothers and housewives are the only workers who do not have regular time off. They are the great vacationless class." -- Anne Morrow Lindbergh "All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother." -- Abraham Lincoln A picture memory brings to me; I look across the years and see Myself beside my mother's knee. I feel her gentle hand restrain My selfish moods, and know again A child's blind sense of wrong and pain. But wiser now, a man gray grown, My childhood's needs are better known. My mother's chastening love I own. -- John Greenleaf Whittier The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HELP ME OUT HERE When did the rest of the world love and respect us last? I keep hearing that since Bush came to office, we have never been more feared, hated and disrespect. Has the Middle East ever loved us? When was the last time France showed respect for us? As for fear. You damn right they better fear us. Without fear, we become Switzerland. It's not Bush they hate, they hate our economy. As bad as it is, it's a hell of a lot better than most of the countries of the world. They see that we're doing better than they are and they're jealous. But the number one reason they hate us. Power. We have the power that France and Germany think they deserve, and they hate us for it. They hate the fact that they're not able to tell us what to do. On a personal note, I don't give a rats ass what other countries think of us. I could care less if France, Germany, England, Saudi Arabia or Iran love or respect us. PeTA WANTS TO HELP MOORE You all know I hate Michael Moore and PeTA. Well, it seems that PeTA is trying to help Mr. Moore out. The "animal rights" groups has targeted Moore as one of their "Flab Five" and are treating him to a "Veg Eye for the Fat Guy". They're going to be sending Moore a kit filled with health and diet tips, their vegetarian starter kit and suggestions on how he can change his lifestyle. I find this quite amusing, but it gets down to a bigger point. People trying to tell us how to live our lives. PeTA goes around telling us not to wear fur or eat meat. It's my right to eat meat. I despise people trying to tell me how to live my life. It's my life, and it's Moore's life. How dare anyone tell me how to live it. I, as well has he, has ever right to live it the way we want. As much as I hate Moore, this is one time I have to stand with him. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 RANDOM THOUGHTS 5 Yes, it's time for everyone's favorite post. Random Thoughts. In case you're new and don't know, Random Thoughts is a post a do every once and awhile in which I post random thoughts and nonsense. Just what ever's on my mind. Let's get started. Isn't the Bald Eagle not one of the most beautiful animals on the planet? Why are gold and diamonds considered so valuable? I mean they're just rocks. In case some may be wondering about that little phrase in my header. "Living In A Suspended State Of Animated Bliss" comes from Pink Floyd. From their song Learning To Fly . "There's no sensation to compare with this Suspended animation, A state of bliss" You really should listen to the song. Why can we send men to the moon and remote control cars to Mars, but can't come up with a cure for a cold? Why do men have nipples? No really. Why? We don't need them. They serve no purpose. "Ice Is Forming On The Tips Of My Wings" Still, I want a Hummer. Still, not that wimpy H2 but the real one. Does anyone else like boxing? I love to watch the middleweights, not the heavyweights. The heavyweight fights are slow and boring. But I hate Oscar De La Hoya. Prettyboy's too worried about his looks. I love cheese. I could sit and eat a whole pack of Velveta if I were able to. Or a nice block of sharp cheddar. Why are the necessities of life so expensive while the wants are much cheaper? Examples. A home, health insurance and food are necessities. And they cost way more than a stereo, computer or a T.V. It's not right. 8-Tracks replaced records, cassettes replaced 8-Tracks, CD's replaced cassettes, MP3 players are replacing CD's. What in the world will replace MP3 players? Monty Python said it better than anyone could. "Sit on my face and tell me that you love me I'll sit on your face and tell you I love you, too I love to hear you oralize When I'm between your thighs You blow me away Sit on my face and let my lips embrace you I'll sit on your face and then I'll love you truly Life can be fine if we both sixty-nine If we sit on our faces in all sorts of places And play, 'til we're blown away" Oh, that's dirty. That' all for now. 'Till next time when I bring you Random Thoughts 6. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THE HELL YOU SAY Any long time reader of this blog knows I Hate Michael Moore. I despise him with every fiber of my being. He's the biggest piece of shit behind the camera. If he spent an equal amount of time checking facts as he does at Wendys then maybe his mockumentries wouldn't suck so much. Get a load of this bit of news. Are you ready for a shock? Michael Moore lied to us. I know, I know, I couldn't believe it either. It seems that this whole Fahrenheit 911 /Disney thing was a sham. Recently Moore claimed that Disney pulled the plug on his newest piece of trash on Monday in a blatant attempt at political censorship. From what I heard it was because of something between Jeb Bush and Michael Eisner and a tax break or credit or something. But in a CNN interview Moore said he knew that Miramax, a subsidiary of Disney, had pulled out a year ago. That they really had no intention of distributing the film. That's shock number one. Here's shock number two. The New York Slimes supports Moore. You could have knocked me over with a feather. In an editorial piece yesterday, the Slimes denounced Disney for censorship and denial of Moore's right to free expression. My question. Where was the New York Slimes when movie companies were denying Mel Gibson's The Passion Of The Christ ? It took him something like a year or more to find a company who would distribute it. Was that not censorship and denial of Gibson's right to free expression? Oh wait. Of course. Gibson's movie was about religion and didn't accuse Bush of lies and crimes. So that's okay. For a second there I forgot the Hollywood Rules. Rule 1. If your film shows contempt for evil, racist Republicans, it's good. Rule 2. If your film show Republicans in ANY WAY as being good, decent or smart, it's trash. Rule 3. If your film shows religion in a bad light, it's okay. Rule 4. If your film shows religion in a good light, it's evil. Rule 5. If your film shows the U.S. military in ONLY a positive way, it's bad. Rule 6. If your film shows the U.S. military in ANYWAY negative, it's good. Rule 7. If your film shows America in ONLY a good, positive way, that wrong. Rule 8. If your film shows America as the evil, oppressive place we know it to be, it's a hit. Credit: urlLink Independent.co.uk via urlLink Drumwaster The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 A FEW CHANGES As you can see, I've changed a couple of things. I got rid of some stuff. Some links that I really didn't need as well as a couple of scripts. Hopefully this will cut the 2 minute 56K load time down some. But I think it may be the template design that's taking most of that time. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 TEST YOURSELF urlLink Credit: urlLink Claudia THIS IS SICK There's a new photo out of the troops abusing Iraqi prisoners. I can't find a copy to post, but it shows that one weird looking woman mock holding a gun in the previous photos. In this new one she has an Iraqi prisoner on a dog leash. We as Americans are supposed to be better than this. We're not supposed to do shit like this. These "people" are a disgrace to the U.S. military. THE STATE OF "NEWS" TODAY Bush Sorry for Abuse of Iraqi Prisoners Bush: Rumsfeld 'Will Stay in My Cabinet' Judge Voids Law Keeping Fla. Woman Alive U.S. Seizes Governor's Office in Najaf Kerry Says He Would Demand Accountability Fastow's Wife Pleads Guilty in Enron Case 'Friends' Says Farewell on NBC Tonight Injured Officer Foils Theft in Detroit ER Stocks Down on Rate Worries, Retail Sales These are the top headlines from the AP via Yahoo!. This is the state of news today. The last episode of a stupid tv show is in the headlines with real stories. It's messed up. On the subject of Friends. I'm so glad this thing is going off. I'm tired of hearing about it every day. End it and get it over with. This show's almost a dumb as Seinfield, almost. NEW "ARTWORK" I know how much you all love my "artwork", so here's a new piece that I've done. Enjoy. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DIRTY DISNEY JOKE Okay, first a warning. Some people don't like jokes like this. It's not all that bad, but on a scale of 1-10 I'd give it maybe a 6. Just to warn you. I was just watching Mad TV and this joke was told on there. I thought it was funny as hell. Enjoy. One day Mickey Mouse woke up and looked out his window. In the snow he saw that someone had written "Mickey Sucks" in pee. So Mickey called the police and they came over to investigate. After their investigation the police said, "Mickey, we have bad news and worse news. The bad news is that it's Goofy's urine. The worse news is that it's Minnies handwriting". The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, scroll down and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink KERRY INJURED HIMSELF? In a new twist in the Kerry purple heart controversy, the doctor who treated Kerry for the wound in which Kerry received his first purple heart says that he thought the injury had been inadvertently self-inflicted. Dr. Louis Letson says Kerry insisted that he was injured by enemy fire while his boat was patrolling the Mekong Delta on Dec. 2, 1968. But some of his crew on that boat say that they didn't receive any fire from the short, but that Kerry fired a mortar at close range to some rocks on shore. Dr. Letson says that seemed to fit the injury that he treated. The "injury" was a small piece of metal that really hadn't even pierced the skin. Dr. Letson said of the "wound", "The metal fragment measured about 1 cm. in length and was about 2 or 3 mm in diameter. It certainly did not look like a round from a rifle. I doubt that it penetrated more than 3 or 4 mm. It did not require probing to find it, did not require any anesthesia to remove it, and did not require any sutures to close the wound. The wound was covered with a bandaid." If this is true, then Kerry should never have received a purple heart. Credit: urlLink NewsMax JOHN KERRY'S WORST ENEMY That's right. It's not Bush, the RNC, the Republican Attack Machine or the VR-WC. It's the attention hog himself Bill "Bubba" Clinton. How you may ask. Well, I'll tell you. Right around the time of the Democratic National Convention in which 'Ol Sourpuss will received the nomination, Bill Clintons book will be coming out. This will take away some of Kerrys steam. The convention will be a total Clinton love fest. Kerry's going to have to fight "Bubba" for the spotlight, even on his own day. Then after the convention and the book release, Clinton's going be going out on tour promoting his book. And if you don't think Big Media's not going to be showing this every night then you've been living in a hole. While out on this book tour, Clinton's going to be throwing Kerry's name in every once and a while. But this won't take away from the Clinton Spotlight. Bill Clinton could cost John Kerry the election. Which I'm sure the Clintons don't mind. Because if Kerry wins in Nov., then Hillary will have to wait until 2012 before she could run. That's just too long for them to wait. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 AND IN LOCAL NEWS A lawyer in the great state of Oklahoma is bringing a lawsuit against the Norman Police Department because they've been writing $35 tickets to people who fail to wear their seatbelts. Oklahoma law says the max fine is $20. 15 bucks. People are willing to waist hundreds of thousands of tax payers money to get $15. That's one of the many things wrong with this country. We're too damn sue happy. People here will sue at the drop of a hat. Even if it's our fault for being idiots. Remember that woman who sued McDonalds because she spilled hot coffee on her lap while driving? Duh you stupid cow. You put hot coffee between your legs while driving what the hell do you think's going to happen? We're getting paid for our own ignorance, and the lawyers are more than happy to help. "Personal responsibility, what's that? Something happened to me, it's not my fault. Get my lawyer. I'm suing for half a billion" It's sad. We cut ourselves with a steak knife, we sue the company who makes the knife. We fall inside Wal-Mart, we sue Wal-Mart and the company who made that damned floor that we fell on for making it too slippery. Okay, I'm over exaggerating a little, but too much. Before you know it we'll be suing television studios for not entertaining us like we feel they should. Huh, maybe that's not such a bad idea. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 U.N. SHOWS ONCE AGAIN IT'S NOT NEED Any half intelligent person knows that the U.N. is an inept, outdated, un-needed organization. And they've just given us another reason for that to be true. In an uncontested election the U.N. has elected Sudan to the Human Rights Commission. What's wrong with that you say. Only a little thing called ethnic cleansing. Get this quote from the CS Monitor 'Ethnic cleansing' in the Darfur region alarms UN official, even as peace talks resume in Chad. and It is, according to one UN official, the greatest humanitarian crisis in the world right now. What the hell's going on here? Countries on the Humans Rights Commission past, present and future: China - 1982-2002 & 2005 Cuba - 1984, 2001, 2003 & 2006 Iraq - 1979-1981, 1987-1992 Well, you get the idea. Didn't they also appoint Iraq to the Disarmament Commission just before the war? That just goes to show why U.N. stands for U n- N eeded. Credit: urlLink Yahoo News and urlLink CS Monitor The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 RATHER DISHEARTENING I was just looking through my Sitemeter and came across urlLink this . That's not good news. In March I had over 700 hits, in April it went down to around 600. I hope those numbers go up for May. On a brighter note, so far today I have received over 40 hits to this blog. I think that's the second highest one day total since I've started. Thank you for making my little blog a bigger success than I was even hoping for. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CAPTION GAME Just post your caption to the picture. Hey guys, three words for you. President John Kerry. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 IS THIS HYPOCRISY? John Kerry in a letter to President Bush, "As you well know, Vietnam was a very difficult and painful period in our nation’s history, and the struggle for our veterans continues. So, it has been hard to believe that you would choose to reopen these wounds for your personal political gain. But, that is what you have chosen to do." John Kerry's new add: urlLink Modem urlLink Broadband Count the number of times Vietnam is either mentioned or shown. Who's reopening these wounds for personal political gain? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 SOMETHING NEW If you'll have a look down at the Stuff section you'll see that I've added a Google search of this site. It don't give you very many results, but if you're looking for something it's a start. Thanks to urlLink Claudia for helping me with this. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 LATEST "ARTWORK" The Choice Of A Terrorist Generation Who do you think terrorists want to win in November? And please bear with me. I trying to save up to get Photoshop Elements 2.0. I know my work is pretty crappy, but I'm trying to fix that. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 A TRUE TRIBUTE Tonight on Fox News Sunday W/ Chris Wallace they're going to be doing a real tribute to the soldiers in Iraq. They're going to be reading off the all the good things that have taken place in Iraq since the fall of Saddam. That's how you honor someone. Talk about the good that they did, not read their names for ratings or for political reasons. If you miss the first airing watch one of the repeats. I don't know if they're going to talk about the soldiers in Afghanistan and the good they've done or not, but I hope they do. Check out the glowing text. It's been awhile. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW BLOG TO READ I've added a new blog for your enjoyment. Patriots For Bush. I know this blog's already in the Wicktory Wednesday section, but I really like this one. Go read it, it's worth the time. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 IRAQI ABUSE You've all seen the photos of American soldiers and their abuse of the Iraqi prisoners. This is a disgrace. I hope these "soldiers" face the maximum punishment that's allowed. They're now saying, through a spokeswoman, that they didn't receive in-depth training on the Geneva Conventions, which govern the handling of captives. That they didn't know the rules. Jeepers, who would have thought it was wrong to treat them inhumanly? Uh, anyone with a third grade education. This just sets us back in the middle east. But there is something else to this. People in the middle east are up in arms over this, as well they should be, but where was their anger when the bodies of American contractors in Iraq were being shown burned and dismembered? They were praising this. Both acts are bad, but I think one stands out as a whole hell of a lot worse. NIGHTLINE Lastnight, on ABC's Nightline, Ted Koppel read the names of the soldiers who have given their lives in Iraq. Well, Koppel was on Sean Hannity's radio show and Hannity asked if the names of the soldiers who have given their lives in Afghanistan would be read. Koppel said no. His excuse, "You know something, it's a perfectly legitimate question. But you know, if you say the kids in Afghanistan, you know, how much further are you going to go, Sean? You know how many guys have died in how many different countries?" That's the best he could come up with? Why didn't he tell the truth? That he was and is against the War in Iraq and only wanted to read those names because he feels that they would anger Americans more than the soldiers in Afghanistan would. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THANK YOU, FIRST OFFICAL POST As you may have read in an earlier post, which I've now deleted, the first of every month I'm going to be posting a Thank You post to the men and women in the armed forces. It's just my way of showing my support for everything they did and are doing for me. This post is dedicated to the men and woman who have served and are serving in the United States military. I've never been in the armed forces, so I don't even pretend to know everything you go through or the sacrifices you have made or are making. But I just wanted to let you know that you have people back home who love, support and respect you and who wish you a safe and speedy return. You sacrifice everything in your lives for people you don't even know. You may not call yourselves heroes, but that's what you are. This is something that would be great to see take off. I'm not looking for it to be the next big internet movement, but it would be nice to see people honor and thank the men and woman who keep us safe. What's great about this is that both Democrats and Republicans can participate. If you would like to take part in this, just copy the bug above and save to your host site. If you don't have one, urlLink Photobucket has a great free host site. Show your support for the men and woman who defend our freedoms. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 MISSION ACCOMPLISHED One year ago today our great leader landed on the deck of the U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln and declared an end to major combat in Iraq. Above him you can see the sign that reads "MISSION ACCOMPLISHED". Please, someone tell me what Dems have their panties in a bunch over. Their mission was accomplished in Iraq. The mission was to get Saddam and the Bathest party out of power, and they did just that. I do agree however that he shouldn't have said anything about major combat being over with. But that's the price of not having Karen Hughes by your side. Thank God she's back. I remember that day. I was sitting in the hospital cafeteria and there were two woman sitting at the table in front of me. And the first thing out of their mouths was, "He looks good in that flight suit". And I had to agree with them. He looked damned good wearing it. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WARNING Credit: urlLink Drumwaster The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 PROOF OF LIFE That's not a human. It's a "thing". At least according to Liberal baby killers. Credit: urlLink La Shawn Barber The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WHICH IS IT? doc·u·men·ta·ry - Presenting facts objectively without editorializing or inserting fictional matter , as in a book or film . prop·a·gan·da - the spreading of ideas, information, or rumor for the purpose of helping or injuring an institution, a cause, or a person Gee, which one does F911 fall under? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 ANOTHER F911 LIE Damn, these things just keep coming. Anyway, this new one come from the scene were Moore shows Bush on the golf course talking about stopping terrorists then saying "Now, watch this swing". Here's something I didn't know about this scene. Did you know Bush wasn't talking about al-Queda? He was talking about a recent Palestinian terror attack on Israel. It had nothing to do with Sept. 11. Moore makes it seem that Bush really didn't care about the 9/11 attacks, knowing full well that no one in the theater at the time would know the truth about what Bush was talking about. Good use of the cutting room, Michael. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": DEATH PROFITEER Be Vewy, vewy quiet. I'm huntin' stowies. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 UPDATE That picture below of Moore and Cpl. Henderson was posted on Moore's site, but I can't seem to find it anywhere. Has news of people finding this lie out already hit the Moore camp? Me thinks so. CANADIAN ELECTIONS Liberal Party - 135 Conservative Party - 97 The Liberal Party lost their 11 year majority rule in Parlament. Could this be the begining of a new day dawning in the land of hockey? Could be. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CAUGHT IN TWO MOORE LIE My last post was about how I think Moore coached that poor woman in what to say to make the U.S. military seem like nothing but a bunch of heartless monsters. Well, it seems Moore has been caught in yet two more lie in F911. Look at the picture below. Now, in the movie this guy is identified as Sgt. Abdul Henderson. But look at the two Chevrons on his uniform. Doesn't that signify a Corporal? Corporal Sergeant There's lie number one. Here's lie number two. As I've stated before, I haven't seen F911, nor do I plan to, but I have seen this scene during interviews with Moore. In this scene, I believe Cpl. Henderson says that he will not let the military send him back to fight in either Iraq or Afghanistan. I don't remember which. But look at his chest. Does anyone see either of these? or Those medals signify that you have fought in the War On Terror in either Iraq or Afghanistan. Cpl. Henderson has neither. That means he did see action in either country. I wish I could say I was shock about this, but that would be a lie. Credit: urlLink Moore Watch The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THIS IS GOOD From urlLink Brian about Farenheit 9/11 . "- The woman who lost her son in Iraq was a very sympathetic person. Who doesn't feel for a mother who has lost her son? I cannot be the only person who caught this, but I think others have and are afraid to mention it for fear of seeming insensitive. (I myself have wavered over writing this, and I only get 150 hits a day.) The woman who lost her son said that when she was told, "she dropped the phone." I thought I heard that wrong, but a moment later she said she was all alone and had "no one to hold her up." I was outraged. The United States military informs next of kin directly, without exception, no matter where they are. For example, they went deep into the mountains in Mexico to inform a lost soldier's mother directly. I am not calling the woman a liar, but I am sure that Moore intended to leave the impression that our military is completely insensitive." Is anyone else thinking what I was thinking while reading this? Moore coached her into saying it was a phone call instead of a face to face meeting. There's correction number one for Truthenheit 9-11.com. Like the name? Good work, Brian. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HELP ME America handed over power to the interim Iraqi government today. Two days early. You know al-Zarqawi and other al-Queda members are steaming over this. They were probably planning some big show on the 30th, but us evil Americans had to go and spoil it. Anyway, this is another giant step towards Iraqi being a free and independent nation. Here's where I need the help. Why do some people not want the Iraqi people to be free and independent? People like Michael Moore, Martin Sheen and others. Why do/did they want to continue to see them under the iron thumb of Saddam? Don't they believe every human on the planet deserves to be free? I just can't understand their mentality. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 KISS THEM GOODBYE Turkey has rejected the demands of the al-Qaida terrorists to pull out of Iraq and to end their support of America. Which, quite frankly, surprised me. Just like Daniel Pearl, Nick Berg, Paul Johnson and Kim Sun-Il, the families of these three hostages need to get ready for what's about to happen. One last thing. urlLink Steve Of Norway asked this question. Why is it so hard for Big Media to call these people what they are? Terrorist. The opening line from the Reuters story, "Turkey rejected Sunday the demands of militants threatening to behead three Turks ..." Militants? Like Steve said, "Ah, sounds like a militia even Michael Moore could sing the praises of" That's why I like Fox News. They call them what they are. Just like "Suicide Bombers". No, Homicide Bombers. They're killing innocent men, women and children. When you kill someone else, you commit homicide, not suicide. Sorry, got off on a rant there. Credit: urlLink Yahoo!-Reuters The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THE NEW DOI I love Mallard Filmore. That's got to be the best comic out there. I have one strip hanging on my wall that I've had for awhile. It's the Declaration Of Independence were written today. Enjoy. "WE hold these truths opinions to be self evident part of just one of many equally valid belief systems, that all Men things are created (sounds waaay too "religious") equal, that they are endowed by their creator (puhleeez!) with certain unalienable ( too absolutist) Rights, that among these are Life Choice, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness (Now We're Talking), Or whatever." You gotta love Liberal PC. I've just always liked that strip. And let me tell you, that wasn't easy to type. The damned comics behind me, so I had to pull my neck muscles to be able to see it. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CAN KERRY EVEN RUN FOR OFFICE? Get a load of this. urlLink Candidate waffles may not even be able to run for president. Hell, according to this, he never should have been senator. According to AMENDMENT XIV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution "No person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice President, or hold any office, civil or military, under the United States, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of the United States, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof . But Congress may by a vote of two-thirds of each House, remove such disability" Basically it says that if you support the enemy, you can't run for office. Wouldn't Kerry's post-war actions be considered insurrection or rebellion against the U.S.? Wouldn't his calling U.S. troops killers and rapists be considered giving aid or comfort to the enemy? I also don't remember a vote by Congress or the Senate allowing Kerry to run for office. Kind of interesting, don't you think? Why doesn't someone stand up and bring this to the attention of the American people? Credit: urlLink Crush Kerry via urlLink Kerry Haters The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": A-HA I heard on Fox News that Fahrenheit 911 made somewhere around $4 million yesterday. I don't know, is that good for a mockumentry? But anyway, I think I found out how Moore got so many people to see this piece of crap. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 GUILT BY ASSOCIATION I haven't seen Fahrenheit 911 , nor do I have any plans on seeing it. But from listening to Moore in interviews, one of the things I can gather that Fahrenheit's about is the Bush family's ties to the bin Laden family. Now both are oil families, so I guess there could be ties there. Business and maybe even personal ties. But is Moore trying to tell us that bin Laden's family, who live in America and have disowned Osama, are guilty of the attacks on 9/11 just because they are his family? And even more, that because W has business, and maybe even personal, ties to them, that he's even somewhat responsible for 9/11? That's what I gather from listening to his rants. I thought the good, open minded Liberals didn't believe in guilt by association. Is Tito Jackson guilty of child molestation because Michael did it? Is Moore into bestiality because his father got a hippo pregnant? Not necessarily. Can someone please explain this to me, because I just don't get it. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 F By now we all know about VP Cheney telling Sen. Patrick Leahy "Go fuck yourself". Good for you Dick. Don't hold back. That's what's wrong with people today. We hold back our true feelings not wanting to hurt or offend someone. Now some may be saying, "Chris, what's the difference between Cheney saying it and Kerry?". One big difference. Cheney said it in the heat of the moment. To express his feelings. urlLink Candidate waffles , on the other hand, said it to a Rolling Stone reporter to try and show how "edgy and cool" he could be. Plus Kerry curses everyone and thing that crosses his path. Bush, secret service, his bike, it doesn't matter. One last thing about this. Why do so many people have trouble typing this word. Blogs I've read that talk about this keep using "the f-word" or "f-bomb". Fuck. Just type it. It's just a word. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": HIDDEN TRUTH In light of Al Gore's latest rantings, I went looking for the truth on him. I think I've found it. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HOW I SPENT MY TWO HOURS, OR, WHAT I WOULD RATHER DO Well, tomorrow Michael Moore's newest lie filled mockumentry comes out. Here, as promised, are some things I would rather do than waste my money on it. 1. Take one part hammer, two parts testicles and mix. 2. Make a dinner of fresh dog crap with a hairball salad on the side. 3. Listen to an 8 hour marathon of The Eagles, The Beatles and rap music. I hate all three. 4. Watch every episode of Friends back to back. 5. Lick a wall socket. 6. Put a 9v battery to my tongue every 20 seconds for 2 hours. 7. Babysit for five three-year-olds. The horror... the horror. 8. Walk into a KKK meeting wearing a Black Power shirt and tell them I'm mixed race. 9. Walk into a Black Panther meeting and shout "White Power". 10. Take said hammer, turn handle side up, and as Ralph Malph use to say, Sit On It. 11. Listen to a urlLink candidate waffles speech. That's bad. 12. Miss an episode of Star Trek: Enterprise. I love that show. 13. Give up my computer. 14. Sex change. Well, I guess number 1 would be the same thing. 15. Watch Friday After Next . That's a bad movie. 1 and 2 were good, but 3 sucks. 16. And finally, I would rather watch CNN for 24 hours than waste my money on Fahrenheit 911 . Now, it's your turn. What would you all rather do than see this movie? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": ANOTHER SEQUEL Dumb And Dumber 3: When Waffles Met Babyface The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DAMN FOX NEWS How dare they refuse to show the commercial for Moore's Fahrenheit 911 . That right-wing biased "news" channel is promoting censorship by not sh... Oh, wait a minute. I must be thinking of someone else. Because yesterday and today I saw the ads for Fahrenheit 911 no less than 10 times. With Fox News showing the ads for this hate-filled Bush bash, it kind of throws the lefties argument that Fox is a puppet of the Bush Administration out the window. As they say, Fair & Balanced and We Report, You Decide. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": NEW GAME We've all played the Wack-A-Mole game I'm sure. Well, it looks like W has put his own spin on the game. Here we see Bush playing his version called Wack-A-Rat. Looks like fun. I play winner. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 TERRORIST SUPPORT MOORE & VISE-VISA We all know that Hezbollah has given Moore's movie, Fahrenheit 9/11, a resounding 5 homicide bombers, but it seems that Moore and his distribution company are pleased with their support. The manager of Front Row, the distribution company, Gianluca Chacra, is quoted as saying, "We can't go against these organizations as they could strongly boycott the film in Lebanon and Syria" Oh, we can't offend the terrorists. They may boycott the movie. How does all this lend to my theory that Moore supports terrorist? Has anyone heard Moore come out against this? I didn't think so. He's sitting in his Upper West Side apartment counting the money Hezbollah and al-Qaeda will be stuffing down his pockets. Hey, as longs as this movie makes people hate Bush and America even more, then Moore has done his job. Damn the consequences. Just like Clinton's impeachment is his badge of honor, so must this be Moore's. Credit: urlLink World Net Daily via urlLink Something to Cry About The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 ANOTHER ONE al-Qaeda has beheaded Kim Sun-il. Sadly, I can't say I'm shocked or surprised. I don't have much to say about this except read my post about the death of Paul Johnson for my feelings. One last thing. Does anyone else see a resemblance between these cowards and the KKK? They both claim what they're doing is good and right, yet they're too scared to show their faces. Off on a tangent, I know, but I had to bring it up. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NOW I'VE HEARD IT ALL You've got to love defense attorneys. They can come up with some pretty creative excuses for crimes. Randall Vogt, a lawyer in Beaverton, OR, is saying that his client beat his 2-year-old son to death because of the white man. It seems his client is suffering from Post Traumatic Slavery Disorder. Because his ancestors were beaten by their white slavemasters, he's justified in the beating death of his son. But this theory doesn't belong to Vogt, it's the work of assistant professor in the Portland State University Graduate School of Social Work, Joy DeGruy-Leary. DeGruy-Leary testified in Washington County Circuit Court that African Americans today are affected by past centuries of U.S. slavery because the original slaves were never treated for the trauma of losing their homes; seeing relatives whipped, raped and killed; and being subjugated by whites. You know, they may have something here. Because the white man stole my peoples land and identity, I'm going to steal my white neighbor's stereo. I'm justified in it, aren't I? It's payback. Come on, what the hell. This guy was never a slave. His parents weren't slaves. His grandparents weren't slaves. How can anyone justify anything by something that ended almost 150 years ago? That's what's wrong with this country today. No personal responsibility by anyone. It's always someone else's fault. The Government, society, t.v., music, video games, and now the past. When are people going to stand up and take the blame for their own actions? Credit: urlLink Oregon Live The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW BLOG I have a new blog for you all to enjoy. urlLink Something to Cry About . Nice blog, Aaron. Great layout. Probably the best looking Blogger blog I've seen. I like the flash animation. Always glad to add another Right Minded person to our blogosphere. Look around, you find some more blogs you like. BREAK AWAY Today marks what could be a very historic day in the history of the world. A civilian flew to the outer reaches of the planet and returned. Pilot Mike Melvill flew up to 62.2 miles above the Earth and saw what only a handful of men ever have. Could you imagine one day being able to fly into space, looking back and seeing How amazing would that be? If it weren't for my fear of heights, speed and the $100,000 price tag, you could bet your ass I'd go. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THEY HAVE ANOTHER ONE Michael Moore's heroes have kidnapped yet another innocent man, Kim Sun-il, and are threatening to behead him unless South Korea pulls their troops out of Iraq. Unlike the Spaniards, the South Korean government has told these fucks a resounding "no". I don't mean to sound callus or uncaring, but this guys family needs to use to the idea of never seeing him alive again. Terrorists aren't known for they're compassion. Don't look for them to let this Kim Sun-il go alive. Let's see, the threat on Nick Berg's life didn't work. The threat on Paul Johnson's life didn't work. And the threat on Kim Sun-il's life isn't working. When are these slow-witted assholes going to wake up and realize they're not going to win? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HELL HAS FROZEN OVER The New York Slimes has panned "Bubba's" book My Lies, I mean My Life. Said the Slimes, "The book, which weighs in at more than 950 pages, is sloppy, self-indulgent and often eye-crossingly dull Â the sound of one man prattling away, not for the reader, but for himself and some distant recording angel of history. My Life reads like a messy pastiche of everything that Mr. Clinton ever remembered and wanted to set down in print; he even describes the time he got up at 4 a.m. to watch the inaugural ceremonies for Nigeria's new president on TV. There are endless litanies of meals eaten, speeches delivered, voters greeted and turkeys pardoned." In other words, a real page turner. This is only a small, small sample of what the Slimes had to say. Go read the article for more. This really surprised me. I figured the Slimes would hail this as the second coming of War And Peace or The Dark Tower, Stephen King's masterpiece. Go read them, it's an awesome story. But that's for another post. But this Michiko Kakutani just didn't like the book. Credit: urlLink New York Slimes NEW "ARTWORK": IT RUNS IN THE FAMILY Here we see two pictures of urlLink candidate waffles' great-grandfather during the Civil War. A little know fact, Kerry's great-grandfather was a senator during Lincoln's presidency. As you can see, taking both sides of an issue is in Kerry's blood. Historic fact, these pictures were taking just after Al Gore's great-grandfather invented the electric microphone. I guess inventing revolutionary things is in his blood as well. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 LIKE A THIEF IN THE NIGHT It seems that Moore not only prays on tragedy in peoples lives, he also steals. Author Ray Bradbury is pissed off at Moore for stealing the name of Bradbury's book, Fahrenheit 451. Said Bradbury, "He didn't ask my permission. That's not his novel, that's not his title, so he shouldn't have done it." Bradbury hasn't seen the movie, but did contact Moore's company six months ago and was told Moore would call back. Moore called back, two weeks ago. Moore told Bradbury that he suddenly realized that he had let too much time go forward. One last thing in the article. They had to mention the part where Disney refused to release the film. They can't leave that part out. And one last thing that may be good news for some. Bradbury says that there are plans for a remake of Fahrenheit 451 directed by Frank Darabont. Darabont makes some good movies. My take on this. All who believe Moore on this one, raise your hands. What, no one. That's shocking. Just more proof that Michael Moore is a, cover your eyes and hide the kiddies, piece of used toilet paper wrapped around an old tampon stuffed in a sticky condom. In other words, sick. Moore uses people to his own advantage. He doesn't care who he hurts as long as he gets his skewed point of view out. And the people who support him are no better. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News via urlLink DeoDuce The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 26 26 years ago today, the greatest comic was created. I love Garfield. Just like me, he hates Mondays, loves to lounge and love lasagna. My kind of cat. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 MORE LEFT SPIN In today's edition of my local Liberal Lies, or Tulsa World, newspaper, there's piece in the editorial section titled No Link. It's about the Kangaroo Commissions findings. The piece starts off with "That thud you heard Wednesday came from the White House. The reason was that the 9/11 commission reported that there was never any link between Iraq and al-Qaida or between Saddam Hussein and the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001" 1. The reports actually doesn't say there wasn't a link between Saddam and al-Qaida. It's been proven that there was 2. Bush NEVER said that Saddam had anything to do with 9/11. He never made a connection or used it as a reason to go into Iraq. It went on to say "That link was, in fact, one of the main selling points in President Bush's pitch to invade Iraq in the first place." I believe I've already covered this. "No doubt, Saddam was a tyrant and a mass murderer, but those were not the main reasons given for the invasion. It is doubtful that the American public would have approved the invasion based solely on removing Saddam because he was a bad guy." Actually, I think they would have. "It was the threat of weapons of mass destruction and the possible connection with the terrorist of 9/11 - although 15 of the 19 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia - that rallied the support of most America for the invasion. There have been no WMD's found yet and now the 9/11 connection has been debunked." No WMD's? What was that sarin filled bomb? What about the Useless Nations report that said Saddam did have WMD's and shipped them to other countries before and during the war? "The attempt to tie 9/11 to Saddam was a mistake." Ahh...Never mind. "It's time to tell the truth. The American people can handle it." I agree. Right minded Americans can handle the truth. It's the American Left that have trouble with the truth. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HAPPENED AGAIN The religion of peace has beheaded another American. The al-Qaeda members who kidnapped Paul Johnson in Saudi Arabia are claiming to have beheaded him. There's an Islamic website that's showing pictures of the beheading. This doesn't shock or surprise me in the least. Islam is a breeding ground for terrorists. This just helps prove it. If this statement offends you, too bad. You can bet this won't be the last time this happens either. The Saudis can pretend to be a friend of America all they want, but they're nothing more than an open bank account and a safe haven for terrorists. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HIGHER EDUMICATION The following is from a New York American History Regents test given to juniors in the state. Tell me what's missing. "Question 41: In 1991, one of the reasons President George H. W. Bush committed United States troops to the Persian Gulf War was to "(1) maintain the flow of trade through the Suez Canal "(2) fulfill military obligations as a member of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) "(3) contain the spread of communism in the Middle East "(4) assure the flow of Middle East oil to the United States and its allies" If you said (5) help the Kuwaitis from an invading Iraq, you would be correct. Funny how the right answer didn't make it on the test. I guess the Republican loving educators in NY just made a simple mistake. Didn't they? There's the slam to H.W., now here's the slam to W. "Question 4: A major criticism of the electoral college system has been that "(1) party loyalty is weakened after a presidential election "(2) electors frequently fail to vote for a candidate "(3) members of the electoral college are appointed for life terms "(4) a president may be elected without receiving the majority of the popular vote" But maybe they're talking about "Bubba" in that one, because Clinton failed to receive a majority of the popular vote in 92 and 96. Yeah, that's it. The Republican loving NY educators must have been talking about Clinton and not Bush. Just another reason why our schools are so screwed up. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 COOL SITE If I still had my butt load of links still up, the one would be on it. urlLink Where's George . If you've never heard of it, it's a site you can enter your money into and it will track it for you. You can find out where it's been. It's pretty cool. They'll send you an email when ever your bill has been registered by someone else. If you sign up, make sure you write the address on all you bills so it'll work. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK" Recently, Howie D said that he believes his campaign stated going downhill when Al Gore officially endorsed him. I couldn't agree more, and I think I may have found the reason why. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DAMN This is posted on urlLink GlennBeck.com . I was going to do one like this, but now I don't have to. In case you don't know, it's Michael Moore as Fat Bastard from the Austin Powers movie. Like the title says, Damn. BUSH I'm listening to Bush giving his speech to the U.S. military right now on urlLink 1170 KFAQ , our talk radio network, and I get a kick out of how much the American soldiers love Bush. If you listen to the Left, the military hate the man. But facts and truth have no place with the American Left. WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK" Here we see the original cover "Bubba's" upcoming book. But for some reason it didn't work out. GOOD NEWS I got my mother to register. She hasn't been register since the 70's, and as a Democrat at that. But this time she register as a Republican. One more for the club. I don't think she's ready for the conspiracy yet, but it's a step in the right, no pun intended, direction. How did I get her to register? It's not because of the presidential election, congressional or any political reasons. It's because come this November, the great state of Oklahoma will have a vote for a state lottery on the ballot. She wants a lottery, so after I reminded her about it she registered. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WE DID IT AGAIN The VR-WC has struck another blow to the left-wing. We were successfully able to get the MPAA to slap an urlLink R rating on Michael Moore's new used diaper of a movie, Fahrenheit 9/11. Hollywood may be a extreme left-wing town, but never underestimate the power of the conspiracy. We have fingers everywhere. I only wish I had been a part of this one, but alas, I wasn't. We tried for an X rating, for X-treamly full of crap, but that didn't pan out. Our next project is getting Michael Wilson's urlLink Michael Moore Hates America to open in over 2,500 theaters. That's about 1,500 more than Fahrenheit. It's hard, but we're trying. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BEEN A LONG TIME, BEEN A LONG TIME... Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time. urlLink About Me The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 MELTDOWN I was watching a movie last night on the cable channel FX. It was called Meltdown and it was about terrorists who take over a nuclear power plant in America and plan to blow it up. Sounds scary, right? But I had to stop watching it because of the terrorists. They weren't Arab Muslims, that would racist. They were, get this, United States soldiers. That's right, G.I. Joes. From what I could get from the story, these soldiers had UBL cornered and were about to get him when the State Department ordered them to leave so a convoy could pass through. In doing so, they lost bin Laden. They got angry at the U.S. Government and so they planned to blow up a nuclear power plant. Sounds reasonable, doesn't it? I can't tell you how many terrorist out there are U.S. soldiers. I'll list them for you. 1. Timothy McVeigh There he is. One, that's all I could come up with. Remember awhile back I urlLink posted the rules for making a Hollywood movie? Well, here's an example of rule number 6. Rule 6. If your film shows the U.S. military in ANYWAY negative, it's good. Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not saying all Muslims are terrorists, because they're not. But most terrorists are Muslim. But hey, when we can't show the truth about terrorism, then let's go to the next best thing. The American soldier, because everyone knows the U.S. soldier is the most evil force on the planet. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NOPE, NOPE, NOPE For his 80th birthday today, former President Bush made, I believe, his sixth jump. This was to be his first solo jump, but weather conditions put a stop to that. Maybe next time. After landing, Mr. Bush said "For me, I like speed. I like the thrill of it. But the jump also sets an example for older people, here and abroad, that just because you're 80 years old, it doesn't mean you're out of it." Good for him. Show 'em you're not ready for the walker and Geritol just yet. Why the title some may be saying. Because there is no way in hell you would ever get me jump from a plane. I'm scared to death of heights and speed. And jumping from some 10,000 feet and falling at over 100 MPH isn't something that's on my "to do" list. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 "ARTWORK" No, this isn't a John Kerry holding up waffles or Michael Moore eating. These are some wallpapers that I've made for myself. I just thought I would post them so you all could enjoy them. They're not the best looking things, but what can you expect from a $20 photo editor. I had to shrink them down so urlLink Photobucket would take them, but trust me at 1024x768 they look a lot better. So, let me know what you think of them if you want. You won't hurt my feelings. urlLink Powerage1 The worst one, I think. urlLink Powerage2 A little better, but not great. urlLink Powerage3 My favorite. I've commissioned urlLink Matt Ashby to do one for me. A multicolored metallic. Matt, I think I gave you the wrong number. I think I said look at number 1, if so, I meant number 3. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 JUSTICE WASN'T SERVED Terry Nichols will not die for helping in the murder of 168 innocent men, women and children. All because one stupid juror believed the crap the defense attorney told them about Nichols being a changed man because he "found religion" in prison. Funny how he found it just after he was told he may get death. When the jury is deadlocked, the judge must bring a sentence. But under Oklahoma law, the judge isn't allowed to issue a death sentence. They're only allowed life with parole or without parole. I swear, if this judge gives him parole I'm going to be the first one there calling for him to step down from the bench. Even before O'Reilly can call for it. 168. He gets to live while 168 people are dead. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIII iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Let's say that each of of those I's is a human life Nichols help take. That's a lot of people. Those little red i's, those are the 19 children that were killed. This one juror that couldn't bring themselves to give Nichols the death penalty, I guess they either couldn't or wouldn't allow his/her mind to hear them scream for help. Crying for their mommies or daddies. Couldn't see their bodies crushed under 4 ton pieces of concrete and steel. I don't know, it's not too hard for me to picture it. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 REASON 2,354,998 REPUBLICANS ARE BETTER THAN DEMOCRATS We don't protest peoples funerals. Credit: urlLink Brian We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 FINAL TRIBUTE President Reagan will finally be layed to rest today back in California. Did you see the procession today? It was kind of poetic. During Reagan's inaugural address, the clouds parted and the sun began to shine. And today, as his body was being taken to the cathedral, the clouds opened and it began to rain. It's as if even mother nature knew the kind of man Ronald Reagan was. Bright sunshine for the beginning and sad rain for the end. I made a final tribute to Reagan. It's not a spectacular piece of work. The cut is bad and it's very simple and basic. But I like it. I wanted a picture that I felt portrayed the real Ronald Reagan. I want to thank urlLink Jeff Stark for hosting it for me. It's too big to post here, it's 1024x768 and almost 500K, so I'll just post the link. I hope you like it. All you fellow 56K'ers, I'm sorry about the load time. urlLink Goodbye Mr. President We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 CHOCOLATE'S GOOD FOR YOU To get away from the politics for awhile, there's a study out that shows dark chocolate may be good for your heart. Research shows that small amounts of dark chocolate improve blood vessel function, which in turn improves circulation and therefore benefits the heart. Scientists gave 11 people 46 grams of dark, flavonoid-rich chocolate every day for a fortnight, however long that is, and the arteries in the subjects given the chocolate with the higher flavonoid content had a greater capacity to expand. If this is true, then my heart must be as healthy as a horse. See ladies, when we men give you chocolate, that's just our way of wanting you to live longer and be healthier. Credit: urlLink Sky News NEW BLOG I have yet another new blog for you. Michelle Malkin has started her own blog. As much as I like all of your blogs, I think I like hers the most. Michelle Malkin is the total package. She's smart, hot and a Republican. You can't ask for more in a woman. urlLink MichelleMalkin.com We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 REAGAN IN WASHINGTON I was just watching the procession to the Capital Building and I just wanted to post on something. I'm usually able to keep my emotions in check, for the most part. Side story. A few years ago a wrestler, Owen Hart, died in the ring. I had never met the man, didn't know a thing about him. But the next night, his fellow wrestlers were all gathered around the ring to honor him. When they showed his picture on the screen and started to ring the bell 10 times, I lost it. That almost what happened here. It wasn't the flag draped casket, the riderless horse or even Nancy looking so lost and alone. It was the 21 ship flyover the USAF did. I have no idea why that almost made me cry. Maybe it was because it was an overwhelming site seeing the planes fly overhead. Maybe it was distance between the groups, or maybe it was the lone plane ahead of the groups. I don't know, but at that moment I almost lost it. It happened yesterday as well. When the band started playing taps. Taps always gets to me. Just that one bugle playing by itself, it's such a sad sound. I'm actually starting to well up now just thinking about it. Friday when they finally lay President Reagan to rest, if they play taps, and I'm sure they will, I more than likely will break down. Sort of on the same subject. I was thinking earlier how life is so unfair. How it's not right that we should have to feel such great pain when we loose someone. Ronald and Nancy Reagan were married for 52 years. They were each other's lives. Now that Nancy doesn't have her husband by her side anymore after 52 years, I can't even imagine the hole that's been left in her heart. I wish I knew why we have to feel pain like this. I'm sure everyone reading this has lost someone in their lives, but loosing someone after 52 years. It's just unimaginable to me. I wanted to end this with some great line. Something that would wrap it up in a nicely, but I honestly can't think of anything that would end it right. So I'll just end it by saying something that may seem a little cheesy. If I could take Nancy Reagan's pain away and replace it with joy and happiness, I would. No one deserves to suffer though something like this. Especially someone like her. We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BUBBA MORE POPULAR THAN THE GIPPER? Dems have flipped their lids now. Some are claiming that Bill Clinton was more popular than Reagan. I wish you all could have heard my laughter as I read this. Their using some Zogby poll as proof. I guess Reagan winning 49 states in 1984 and Clinton never winning more than 49% in either election wasn't what they wanted to hear. Do they really thing this country would show so much emotion if it were "Bubba" who died instead of Reagan? I think not. We also wouldn't have people saying "good deal" either like we do now. Credit: urlLink NewsMax POLLS Can someone please explain these things to me? In a recent Zogby poll, they asked only 950 people who they would vote for. How is this a representation of the wants of the American people. Oh, by the way, this poll says that Kerry's lead is shrinking over W. Credit: urlLink NewsMax We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 NEW "ARTWORK" I promised you this picture earlier, but something more important happend Saturday and posting it then it didn't seem the right thing to do. But here it is. Enjoy. We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 WISH I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT OF THIS urlLink Steve Of Norway makes a great point. What are the chances of Republicans turning Reagans death into a political rally, ala Paul Wellstone? I make a comment in my last post about the difference between Dems and Republicans. Well, here's another one. At Paul Wellstone's memorial service, they turned that into a Right-Wing hate fest. We Republicans just have more descentcy than that. President Reagan's memorial service will be what it should be. Friends and family honoring a great man, not a Left-Wing bash fest with people screaming at the top of their lungs disgracing the man. MORE REASONS REPUBLICANS ARE BETTER THAN DEMS Read. urlLink Christopher Hitchens & urlLink Ted Rall . It seems that our buddy Ted Rall's website is down at this time with DNS attacks. I wouldn't doubt it with a headline like this "I'm sure he's turning crispy brown right about now..." We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 NEW BLOG I've added a new blog to enjoy. RadioBS. He ran across my posts about Reagan. He's done a post about bloggers honoring Reagan and he added me to it. He's added me to his blogroll, so I've returned the favor. Anyway, welcome to our neighborhood, Brian. That makes two or three Brian's who read my blog. Look around, you may find something you like. PIECE OF SHIT Read urlLink this . Read what this piece of shit had to say about Reagan's death. Here's the headline "KILLER, COWARD, CON-MAN GOOD RIDDANCE, GIPPER ... MORE PROOF ONLY THE GOOD DIE YOUNG" Wait till you read the last two lines. See, that's what separates Conservatives from Liberals. No matter how much we hate Clinton, if he were to die tomorrow not one Conservative columnist would say anything like this. This Greg Palast is full of nothing but pure hate. We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 MY THOUGHTS I wanted to make this quick post. They announced the funeral plans for President Reagan today. All I have to say is I hope they don't actually show him at any time during this period on any of the news channels. Not because I think it's disrespectful or anything like that, but because I want to remember him the way he was before Alzheimer's got him. I personally wouldn't want to see him like that. That's why I'm glad I don't live anywhere near California or D.C. The temptation to go to one of the public viewings would be too great. I'm surprised his family agreed to a public viewing of his body. No, I want to remember him strong and full of life. We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 D-DAY Today is the 60th anniversary of D-Day. I won't go into the history of D-Day. I'm sure we all know what D-Day is. So, to all the brave men who were there that day to storm the beaches of Normandy, this world owes a huge debt of gratitude to you. To be on those boats, knowing what was ahead of you, knowing that there was a good chance you wouldn't see the tomorrow and still standing steadfast. You showed what America was all about. You spent some three years fighting through out Europe to make it to Berlin to stop Hitler and the Nazi Party. Three years away from your family and everything that you knew. Thank You. Yours truly was the Greatest Generation. We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look.

 NEW BLOG TO ENJOY I have a new blog for you all to enjoy. I love added new readers to the list. urlLink La Shawn Barber's Corner . It's a bit of a different voice in our little blogosphere. She's a Black Conservative. Who says that the Republican party is for rich white men only? With DeoDuce, La Shawn and your humble blogmaster here we're running the gamut of races and sexes. The GOP is branching out. Anyway, welcome to our neighborhood La Shawn. Have a look around the other blogs, you may find a few you like. We Have Every Right To Dream Heroic Dreams. Those Who Say That We're In A Time When There Are No Heroes, They Just Don't Know Where To Look. - Ronald Reagan

 PRESIDENT REAGAN DIES 1911-2004 As you should have heard, Ronald Reagan has finally lost his 10 year battle with Alzheimers. This post won't be a long drawn out post. I don't think that's needed. Just short and sweet. Ronald Reagan was the first president that I really took notice of. I was only a year old when he was first elected, but I was 9 when he left office. He's actually one of the first memories that I have as a child. Reagan will always be the model for every Republican politician to aspire to be like. The thing that made Ronald Reagan the greatest president of the 20th century was his unwillingness to compromise to what others thought he should be. When he said he would do something, he did it. A man of his word. "Wisps of distant memories, Are dancing in my soul; The sweetness and the sadness, Will follow wherever I go. For I will take you with me, My heart will hold you near; While wisps of distant memories, Will mingle with my tears. Arms that held me with such strength, Will hold me still, at night; In dreams of you, my comfort comes, Until the morning light. Then in the dawn of each new day, I'll look there for your face; In wisps of distant memories, Time never can erase. I'll see you in the evening, In the setting of the day; Your memory will hold me near, You'll never be far away. When I am standing on the shore, And waves come crashing in; I will hear your voice as it whispers, Upon the ocean wind. Deep within my shattered heart, Amid the bittersweet pain; In wisps of distant memories, Your love will still remain. Until I take my final breath..." Allison Chambers Coxsey We have every right to dream heroic dreams. Those who say that we're in a time when there are no heroes, they just don't know where to look. - January 20, 1981

 I LOVE JOHN KERRY Remember when Kerry blurted out that leaders around the world have secretly told him that they want him to live? Okay, that's a dumb question. But he's at it again. His new line is that many in the U.S. military are privately telling him that they would prefer him as commander in chief over W. "You'd be amazed at the number of active duty personnel who are coming up at events around the country, greeting me in ropelines or coming to rallies and telling me how important it is for us to stand up and fight for those who are not able to speak out for themselves right now for obvious reasons." I guess urlLink candidate waffles hasn't received the new urlLink CBS poll that says vets prefer Bush over Kerry 54% to 40%. Boy, everything Kerry hears is in private. Kind of convenient, isn't it? No one around to hear it. No one to prove him wrong. Credit: urlLink My Way News MORE MOORE'S SPIN In Moore's newest colostomy bag of a film, he ambushes members of Congress and the Senate and asks them if they would be willing to send their family to Iraq to fight. Well, it seems that Moore asked Rep. Mark Kennedy that question and Kennedy told Moore that he had two nephews in the military and that one of them had just be deployed to Iraq. Somehow, that didn't make it into Moore's mockumentry. Gee, how could that happen. Moore doesn't like to spin things to fit his view, does he? Speaking of Moore. I have a new "artwork" that I'll post tomorrow. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 RANDOM THOUGHTS PART 6: THOUGHTS LIVE Yes dear readers. It's time for everyone's favorite post once again. Random Thoughts. In case you're a new reader and don't what's going on. Random Thoughts is a post I do every once and awhile where I do what the title says. I post Random Thoughts and nonsense. Let's get started shall we? I'll go ahead and get this part over with. Me + Hummer x Gas Prices = I still want one Okay people. My birthday's coming up in August. So start thinking about gifts now. Here's a hint. Gift cards from Barns & Noble, CompUSA and Best Buy. How old are Bush and Cheney? I mean for them to cause the first ice age and this new one that's coming any day now, they must OLD. WARNING : The following text deals with scat. If you don't want to read it, then don't highlight it. " Does anyone else like it when Jazz singers scat? What did you think this was about? Were you thinking of the other kind of scat? Shame on you. " I put a bird feeder in my yard. No one told me about the downside of the feeder. The area around it is the birds damn bathroom. But they seem to love the food. If you listened to Glen Beck this morning, do you want to see Geyser as much as I do? Bon Scott said it best, "One Of These Days, I'm Going To Change My Evil Ways" And one of these days I will. Alienware have a new computer coming out with two video cards. You geeks out there may be saying "So what." Well, each card will render half of the screen. Imagine the quality of the picture while playing Doom 3 or Half-Life 2. Sweet. Anyone have about $5,000 for it? I want everyone to go out and find a song called Midnight Rambling Man or Low Down Dirty Blues by Omar & The Howlers . Listen to it and it should turn you all onto the blues. The more right kind of listeners of the blues can only be a good thing. Anyone one remember Al Gore's "fuzzy math" or his "lock box"? Well friends, that's all for today. But please stay tuned for Random Thoughts 7 coming to a webpage near you. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BUSH AND THE AF GRADUATES, OR, JOHN KERRY'S PIPE DREAM Did you all see W with the Air Force graduates yesterday handing out the diplomas? These people were ecstatic to have him there. High fives and hugs were flowing like wine. You know urlLink candidate waffles was sitting at home crying in his Häagen-Dazs wishing the military would show that kind of love for him. He fought in Vietnam don't you know. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink MORE ON KERRY'S BIRD It now appears that there may be photos of Kerry flipping the bird in front of a group of school children. Ted Sampley, webmaster over at urlLink Vietnam Veterans Against John Kerry , told WTN-Nashville radio host Steve Gill that there were people around the wall taking pictures and that the incident may have been captured. And an update to part of my post yesterday. I said I wondered how many Big Media outlets would cover this story. This happened Monday and here it is Wednesday and I haven't seen one story about it on any news channel. No surprise there. Let's see. First we had Dean's scream heard 'round the world. Then we had two insane rants by Al Gore. And now we have urlLink candidate waffles flipping people off in front of kids. I'd say the Democratic party is on meltdown. Sadly, the only sane, normal one left is "Bubba". How pathetic is that? Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WHA, WHA, WHA, WHAT Not an endorsement of Islam my ass. Those San Francisco looney Left judges are out of wack. urlLink Read NEW "ARTWORK" Here we see John Kerry holding up the newest contributor to his campaign. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 FUNNY SITE I'm sure we've all seen the BushorChimp website. Well, I have an even better one for you. urlLink MooreorPig . Here's an example Go check it out. Credit: urlLink Moore Watch The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 OH SWEET JESUS Starting Friday, Sweden will role out a new ambulance service. A condom ambulance service. Randy Swedes will be able to call the number 696969, what's that mean, and the service will roll out to their home with a pack of 10 condoms for their use for 50 crowns or $6.72. "We need to increase the usage of condoms. It is 50 percent about pregnancy and 50 percent about sexually transmitted diseases." Said Carl Osvald, marketing manager for the Swedish Organization for Sex Education. I guess teaching abstinence is against the law in Sweden. I know the Left would like it to be illegal here in the states. Thankfully this stupid program will only run until the 25th of June. And this is the health care some want in this country? Socialist Health Care, it's easier to get a pack of condoms from emergency services than it is to get help for a heart attack. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! KERRY GIVE FINGER TO VIETNAM VET Let's see how many Big Media outlets cover this story. We all know Ted Sampley. Former Green Beret, and webmaster over at urlLink Vietnam Veterans Against John Kerry . Well, yesterday at the Vietnam Memorial Wall, urlLink candidate waffles flipped him off in front of a bunch of school children. It seems that Sampley noticed Kerry at the wall surrounded by his Secret Service. He then went over to Kerry and said "Senator, I am Ted Sampley, the head of Vietnam Veterans Against John Kerry, and I am here to escort you away from the Wall because you do not belong here." Secrete Service then told Sampley to back away from urlLink waffles . Sampley then moved back 6 feet away. And opened his shirt to reveal his Hanoi John T-shirt he was wearing underneath. Kerry then began to talk to the group of school children. Sampley then showed his T-shirt to the children and said "Kerry does not belong at the Wall because he betrayed the brave soldiers who fought in Vietnam." That's when Kerry, in front of the children, Secrete Service and other visitors flipped Sampley off and yelled "Sampley is a felon!" referring to 12 years ago when Sampley broke the nose of John McCain's chief aide, Mark Salter, in a Senate stairwell after McCain repeatedly offended POW families at a Senate POW hearing. But that's your Democratic candidate for president. That's who some want in the White House? If he flips the bird in front of school children when confronted by something he doesn't like, what's he going to do during debates with Bush? Just more proof that Kerry doesn't care for the American soldier. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 JOHN KERRY, THE TRAITOR Take a look at urlLink this and see just how urlLink candidate waffles turned his back on the troops and this country. Credit: urlLink Troy Sheer The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DON'T COUNT HIM OUT JUST YET With Bush's poll numbers slipping to their lowest point ever, it doesn't look too good for him in Nov. But like the title says, don't count him out just yet. A lot of people are still to this day underestimating him. If you'll remember back to the 2000 election, everyone underestimated him. Calling him an idiot who didn't know what he was doing. But I think he's proved them wrong. He would flub words all the time. But can you remember the last time he's done that since he's been president? I think it was all a ruse. He's not a dumb as some want to portray him. He may not be the smartest person on Earth, but he's crafty. People will continue to underestimate him. Saying that this election is Kerry's to loose. I hope I'm right in saying this, but watch what happens around August, September, October. I think Bush may surprise us all and regain the lead in the polls. Some are saying that this election will be a landslide victory for one of the two rather than the close call everyone believes it will be. I don't know about that though. I think this will be just as close, if not closer, than the 2000 election. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 I NEED YOUR HELP I need some help. There's oil leaking from the muffler on my lawnmower. As it's coming out it's burning on the muffler. I called a repair shop and they said to check the oil level to make sure it didn't have too much oil. I checked and come to find out it did have too much. So I drained it to the correct level, but oil's still leaking from the muffler. Does anyone know why this is happening? Could it just be oil left in the muffler that's coming out? I removed it but no oil comes out of it. Will running it like this hurt the mower in anyway, because I've got to get my yard mowed. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 OUR CHOICE or Remember when Bush landed on the U.S.S. Abraham Lincoln? Dems had a field day with the flight suit. But now that there's a picture of Kerry in his Umpa Lumpa suit, they're crying foul. One looks like an idiot in suit that looks stupid, and the other is George W. Bush. Who would you rather run this country during a war? FRESH FACES AT FOX I was just watching Fox News Watch and I had a thought. Why doesn't Fox News hire younger people for on air shows? As much as I like Brit Hume, Tony Snow and Cal Thomas I don't relate to them. We're from totally different generations. Fox should take a step towards really grabbing the young audience. Bring in some people who are under 35. You know, people who have at least heard of Triumph The Insult Comic Dog. Alan Colmes, I'm talking you to. I still say give Michelle Malkin her own show. Get some bright eyed and bushy tailed Dems and Conservatives on there. The news is too stuffy as it is. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BATTER UP Mr. Kerry, who's your favorite Red Sox player? Eddie Yost Uh, Mr. Kerry. Eddie Yost never played for Boston. I didn't say Eddie Yost. I said Randy Johnson. It's a conspiracy by the Right-Wing. Randy Johnson never played for Boston either, sir. Uh, uh, uh. Bush is evil. In an interview, urlLink Candidate Waffles said that Eddie Yost was his favorite BoSox player. But as you can see, Yost never played for Boston. I made the Randy Johnson part up. But it shows that Kerry will say what ever it takes to get people to like him. He said he's a Red Sox fan, but he didn't know Yost never played for them. Credit: urlLink MSN The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 STILL IN DENIAL Just watching H&C and Hannity was talking to Jeanne Garofalo. Did anyone else watch this? This girl is wacked out. She kept calling Bush a liar, yet when Sean asked her if Kerry was a liar for saying the same thing about Saddam and WMD, she refused to say it. Kerry was given bad info, but Bush, given the same info, lied. When Sean told her about a recent poll that says 55% of Americans believe Kerry says what people want to hear rather than what he believes, he first words to come out of her mouth? "What what is it? A NewsMax poll." When Sean told her it was an ABC/Washington Post poll, she just kind of stuttered and "Oh". You could see her trying her best not to go into the Democratic talking points of how Bush is an evil Nazi liar. These people can't see the truth for the hatred that clouds their eyes. I use to be a fan of her's. She was a fairly decent actress and not too shabby looking. Then she let the real Jeanne Garofalo out of the bag. She's as insane as Howie D. That's Howard Dean for those readers who weren't with me during the primaries. Then she chopped her hair and dyed it blonde. That was bad. But at least she let it go back to black. I'VE GONE GLOBAL You may have noticed the spinning Earth above. If you'll have a look at my Sitemeter link, you'll see that I've been getting hits from all over the world. Mexico, Italy, Australia, Denmark and others. Mind you, it may only be like 1-2%, but that's still cool. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NORTHERN LIGHTS urlLink One time in my life before I die, I want to see this. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 PEOPLE DON'T CARE Last night, Kerry's speech pulled in a combined 12.9 rating. That's from all 3 of the Big Media networks. That's down from Gore's 13.8 rating in 2000. A rerun of CSI an hour earlier pulling in an 11.3 on it's own. It's gets a little better. Viewership of Kerry's speech actually went down during the speech itself. He can't hold an audience. He's too boring. Unlike Bush. Did anyone watch his speech this morning? He was on fire. He speaks with real passion. Kerry speaks with passion when the polls tell him to. If Bush says half the things he said in his speech this morning during the debates, he'll leave Kerry slack jawed and confused. NUMBERS ARE UP Thanks to the convention, the Kerry/Edwards ticket has gotten the bounce everyone talked about. Only it's not a big a people thought it would be. 5%. Correct me if I'm wrong, but shouldn't the naming of a VP and your parties convention give you at least a 10-15% bounce? Kerry had actually been going down in the polls until the convention. Could this mean something about what people think about Kerry/Edwards? Could be. Credit: urlLink Reuters NEW "ARTWORK": THE TWO TIME HERO We all know how Kerry turned his swift boat around in 'Nam to save one of his crewmates. But did you all know that's not the only life Kerry's has saved? It's true. It seems that one day the Kerry clan was waiting at a dock when one of his daughters hampster cage fell into the water. With no regard of his own safety, Kerry grabbed an oar and fished the cage out. I'll let Alexandra Kerry describe it for you. "My dad jumped in, grabbed an oar, fished the cage from the water, hunched over the soggy hamster and began to administer CPR. There are still to this day some reports of mouth-to-mouth, but I admit it's probably a trick of memory" And starting next week, Licorice the hampster will on the road with Kerry/Edwards to talk about the Senators heroic actions. Just a note. I couldn't stop laughing while I was typing that last line. This is a funny story. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DISMISSED urlLink Candidate Waffles walks on stage and give the line he hopes will be the headline for tomorrow. " I'm John Kerry, and I'm reporting for duty ". Real headline for tomorrow? Convention Ends With Faux Patriotism . I thought it was priceless the Dems trying to show how much they love America, even though they put it down every chance they get. All the flags, the red, white and blue balloons and confetti. Made me what to sing Born In The U.S.A, which by the way isn't a patriotic song. Just read the lyrics. It talks about being born in a country that could care less about you. Kerry's slogan was "Help Is On The Way". He's right. Come August 30th and the Republican National Convention. We'll finally be able to wash the bad taste of Kerry Lovefest '04 out of our mouths. One last thing. urlLink This accidentally aired on CNN. It's the DNC Convention director. Take a listen. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW BLOG I've added a new blog to enjoy. Random Pensées. Sorry it took so long to get your blog up, but welcome to our little blogosphere. THE NEW MOUSE I know all of you have been on the edge of your seat wondering about the new mouse I ordered. Well, I finally got it yesterday. Give me a week and I'll have a full review on my favorites blog for you. But as of right now, it doesn't look too good . UNFIT FOR COMMAND This is good. There's a new book coming out in August called Unfit For Command: Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry . As you can guess, it's about urlLink Candidate Waffles . Kerry likes to talk about his "band of brothers" who support him, but it seems only 2 of the 23 Swift boat commanders from Coastal Division 11 support his candidacy. This book will talk, in detail, about how 2 of Kerry's Purple Hearts were awarded because of self inflicted wounds. I don't buy political books like this, but I may have to get this one. It's already #2 on Amazon.com Credit: urlLink Drudge AND ACTION The staged scenes in Kerry's Vietnam deepen. Not too much to talk about here, but this was great. "Kerry would revisit ambush locations for reenacting combat scenes where he would portray the hero, catching it all on film. Kerry would take movies of himself walking around in combat gear, sometimes dressed as an infantryman walking resolutely through the terrain. He even filmed mock interviews of himself narrating his exploits. A joke circulated among Swiftees was that Kerry left Vietnam early not because he received three Purple Hearts, but because he had recorded enough film of himself to take home for his planned political campaigns." That's from the new book above. I think I'm going to have to get this book now. Credit: urlLink Drudge The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 AWESOME It is now 7:37 pm CDT, and as of this time this blog has received 88 unique visits. That's the most in one day I've ever gotten. I've noticed in the past few weeks that number going up. Has my little internet home taken off? I don't know about all that, but it has reached heights that I never would have thought it could. My one year blogiversay is coming up in September, and I now have a goal. To reach 100 unique hits in one day before Sept. 15. Only you can make this dream come true. There's something just a cool that's been happening. I've been getting a few hits from the military as well. Mostly the Coast Guard, but also some Navy and just today a hit from the Air Force. It's only 2% of the total visits, but that's 2% that seem to like my blog. Now if only the word could get out to the USMC, Army and the rest. Thank you everyone. EDIT Excuse me while I do my little jig. A mere three and a half hours after this post, my goal was reached. 107. Yes. First time over 100 in a single day. New goal, 200 in a single day. Come on loyal readers, help me out here. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": 35 YEARS LATER WORSHIP ME WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NASA PART OF THE VR-WC I'd like to welcome the newest members of the Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy. NASA. NASA released the Umpa Lumpa photos of Duk... I mean John Kerry to hurt him. At least that's what his campaign manager, Mary Beth Cahill, is saying. Brit Hume asked if she thought it was a dirty trick and she replied "Well, what do you think?" She claims no photos were supposed to be taken, but you can clearly see urlLink Candidate Waffles smiling to the camera.

 PRIMARY We had a primay election today for Senate and Congress. I voted. Just warming up for my big vote in Nov. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CELEBRITY REPUBLICANS I was just flipping through the channels and came across Larry King. They had Ben Affleck and Al Sharpton on there. They were talking about the overwhelming majority of celebs being Dems. Affleck seems to think Hollywood's 50/50 Dem and Republican. My laugh at that statement isn't the point of this post. As they were talking about this, I had a thought. We Republicans may not have many celebs in our camp, but the ones we do have are quality people. Bo Derek, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Kelsey Grammer, Rick Schoder, Clint Eastwood and Danny Aiello just to name almost all of them. Not like Whoopi Goldberg, George Clooney and Barbra Streisand who are low-class and low quality. And may I add that I respect Affleck. He hasn't stooped to the level so many other celebs have. Sure he's gotten his jabs in, but that's to be expected. We jab Dems, they jab us, but Ben Affleck hasn't felt the need to sink to the level of bottom feeder. I respect him for that. He's one of very, very few in Hollywood who actually act like a human being. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 ENTERING THE SNAKE DEN urlLink I just turned it to The O'Reilly Factor and was surprised to see Bill at the convention in Boston. He's surrounded by some 4,000 people that hate him with a passion. The man's got some grapefruits. Speaking of the convention, urlLink Candidate Waffles has ordered his minions to tone down the hate speech over the next week. We'll see what happens. Oh, one last thing. Michael Moore will be on The O'Reilly Factor tomorrow. Don't miss this. UMPA LUMPA DOOBITY DOO Why do I think of Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory when I look at this picture? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 I WANT TO THANK THE MINUTEMEN Boy, was I ever wrong. I gave my prediction on how much F911 would make at around $44 million. It's now broke the $100 million mark. I love this line from the article, "As 'Fahrenheit 9/11' crossed the $100 million mark this weekend, a first for a feature-length, theatrically released documentary, Michael Moore noted that a new benchmark has thus been set for nonfiction films ." Point of correction. F911 isn't a nonfiction film. One lie after another has already been proven. Hell, even the 911 Commission proved Moore to be a liar. But $100 million. That's some good blood money. And all it took for Moore to earn that $100 million is the death of 3,000+ human lives. Good job, Mikey. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News SHOVE IT I'm sure we've all heard about Teresa Kerry telling Colin McNickle, the editorial page editor from the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, to "shove it". Some history first. Mrs. Kerry said the following, "We need to turn back some of the creeping, un-Pennsylvanian and sometimes un-American traits that are coming into some of our politics" When McNickle asked Teresa what she meant by un-American, she denied even saying it. Even thought it's on tape. When McNickle asked about it again, Kerry replied "You said something I didn't say. Now shove it." A couple of things about this. First, this shouldn't be unexpected. Teresa isn't the classy, proper lady Laura Bush is. And second, I really don't see the problem. I've seen reporters at work. There've been times I would have said more than just shove it. Reporters need to be put in line. So don't go getting your hopes up this will hurt urlLink Candidate Waffles and urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards , because this is really a non-issue. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THAT'S SPELLED P.A.N.D.E.R.I.N.G BOSTON (Reuters)-Democratic White House contender John Kerry made a surprise visit to Boston for the Yankees-Red Sox baseball game on Sunday by secretly entering a city tightly secured for the Democratic convention that will nominate him for president . "It's a wonderful rivalry and it's a great event," Kerry said. "I love the Red Sox, the idea of missing a Yankees-Red Sox series right before convention week was not acceptable" I'm taking wagers on whether or not urlLink Candidate Waffles even watches baseball. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 I'M NUMBER ONE Go to urlLink Google image search and look for angus young sg . I'm the first site to pop up. Sweet. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CONVENTION urlLink Well, the Democratic National Convention is set to start. I just have a few questions that will be answered over the next week. 1. How will the Dems blame Bush for everything wrong with the world? 2. How many times will "Bubba" plug his book? 3. How many times will urlLink Candidate Waffles mention that he fought in Vietnam? 4. Why is Ron Reagan dragging his father's memory though the mud by participating in this partisan debacle that will do nothing but slam the party the man loved? 5. Will Teresa Kerry mention the fact that she's African American again? 6. Is there still two Americas, or is it back to one? 7. And finally, how long into Al "Nut Job" Gore's rant will he loose it and begin to foam at the mouth and need the nice men in white coats to come out with the nets? NEW "ARTWORK": THE USUAL SUSPECTS The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 POOR HAS-BEEN SINGER It's happened again. A group of fans in Livermore, California I'm guessing, walked out on Linda Ronstadt during a concert. She had the people in the palm of her hands while the show was going on. Then towards the end, he again began giving her political views on Moore's F911 and fans began to walk out on her. One fan said in the parking lot, "She just had to do it" Another one yelled to a camera crew, "It was good until the end" When are these celebs going to figure out that when we pay out hard earned money for a concert, we're not paying for their political views? And Ms. Ronstadt really needs to watch out. There's not too many people that would pay to see her concerts anymore anyway. She doesn't need to be alienating the few that do. Credit: urlLink Instapundit MOVED La Shawn Barber has moved. She's left the Blogger homestead and struck out on her own. urlLink lashawnbarber.com . The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 JOKES I'm bored and there's nothing to post on, so I thought I would share some funny jokes I found on the net. Enjoy. There's a teacher in a small Massachusetts town. She asks her class how many of them are Kerry fans. Not really knowing what a Kerry fan is, but wanting to be liked by the teacher, all the kids raise their hands except one boy--Johnny. The teacher asks Johnny why he has decided to be different. Johnny says, "I'm not a Kerry fan." The teacher says, "Why aren't you a Kerry fan?" Johnny says, "I'm a George W. Bush fan." The teacher asks why he's a Bush fan. The boy says, "Well, my mom's a Bush fan, and my Dad's a Bush fan, so I'm a Bush fan!" The teacher is kind of angry, because this is Massachusets, so she says, "What if you're Mom was a moron, and you're dad was an idiot, what would that make you?" Johnny says, "That would make me a Kerry fan." ---------------------------------------------------- A group of people were in a shipwreck and were stranded on an island. The group consisted of 12 women and 1 man. After a few months, the women grew horny and it was decided that the man needed to take two women a day and they allowed him to have Sundays off. One day on a day off, he was just relaxing when he noticed a boat nearing. He felt hopeful that maybe they would be rescued, at last. The boat was almost to the island when the guy noticed it was a man in the boat. As he got out the first guy said "Oh my God buddy, am I ever glad to see YOU, To which the second guy responded "Well alright sweetie! It's been a long time for me too." The first man exclaimed "Oh hell, there go my Sundays!" ------------------------------------------------------------ "I am Kerry of Borg. Your incomes will be assimilated." ------------------------------------------------------- A Republican and a Democrat were walking down the street when they came to a homeless person. The Republican gave the homeless person his business card and told him to come to his business for a job. He then took twenty dollars out of his pocket and gave it to the homeless person. The Democrat was very impressed, and when they came to another homeless person, he decided to help. He walked over to the homeless person and gave him directions to the welfare office. He then reached into the Republican's pocket and got out twenty dollars. He kept $15 for administrative fees and gave the homeless person five. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITY I have to apologize for the crappy pictures I've been posting lately. My mouse is on the fritz. It wants to double click when I left click. But I should have a new mouse either Monday or Tuesday. Then my "artwork" can get back to it's C+ level rather than the D- it's at now. LORD OF THE RINGS urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 MY FIRST HATE MESSAGES I've been blogging for almost a year now and until today I've never received any hate mail or even really any hate messages. But that's all changed, and I couldn't be happier. Look at the Haloscan messages for the posts WELL, WHICH IS IT , WHAT'S HE HIDING and A REASON TO LIVE . Some chickenshit coward who's too scared to even give his real name has left some pretty vicious messages. Read them and you'll come across some real beauties like "Total fucking ignorant neocon garbage. Go fuck yourself." Which I take to mean, I'm really jealous of you and can only wish that could be more like you . And "Doing nothing would be better that the slimeball scumbag buyllshit rancid GOP lies you served up. And by the way, I fucked your mother" Which means, The Republican party is the party that will lead this country to unimaginable greatness when W wins a second term in November. Oh, and I like to have sex with 70 year old women . And my absolute favorite "You aren't good enough to dispose of Sandy Berger's personal waste. Your're an absolute scumbag fuckhead. Your mother sucks Iraqi prisoners off" Which means, Sandy Berger is a lying piece of crap, just like his former boss. You are so smart and awesomely cool. There it is ladies and gentlemen. The perfect example of the Democratic Party today. The party of hate and ignorance. Boy, have they come a long way since FDR and JFK. And one last thing anonymous coward, I'm proud to be a lying scumbag GOP neocon. As Donald Duck once said, it's the only life for me. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 SHORT STORY As nobody knows, I like to write short stories. I don't often share them with people, but I've finally got enough courage, or stupidity maybe, to urlLink share one with you all. It's not very good, I mean, I just barely passed English in high school. There's errors and bad grammar and the like, as you all know by my posts here. But don't judge it on that, judge it for the story. Mostly I like to write horror/suspense. This is the first time that I've tried my hand at comedy. So go read it and let me know what you think. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WELL, WHICH IS IT? It seems the whole Democratic party is taking it's cue from urlLink Candidate Waffles . Taking both sides of an issue. If you listen to the Dems, Bush is a simple minded idiot who can't even put his pants on right. But these same Dems also claim that's he's somehow the genius mastermind behind the theft of the 2000 election, 9/11, Joe Wilson's wife being exposed, the timing of the capture of Saddam and that he already has bin Laden in custody and is waiting for the coming election to announce it so his poll number will go up causing him to win a second term. I'm surprised Bush hasn't been blamed for the death of JFK, Elvis and creation of the Ford Pinto. So, back to my question. Which is it? My view, he's smarter than he lets on. You can't be a total idiot and be president, unless you're Jimmy Carter. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 FREEDOM OF CHOICE I was watching Tough Crowd last night, and they did a segment that asked "Who would you rather sleep with. The Bush twins or the Kerry daughters?". I won't go that far, but it brings up an interesting question. Guys, and maybe some girls, if you are, or were, single, who would you rather date. Barbara & Jenna Bush or Alexandra & Vannessa Kerry? Try to keep politics out of it. Just go with the superficial details. You know, who looks better. Myself, I'd have to pick the Bush twins. Especially Jenna, the blonde. I love a girl with a little meat on her bones. The other three are too damn skinny. And also, the Kerry girls look too much like their father, and...no. I don't think so. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 A REASON TO LIVE Al Franken finally has a reason to live. His show, The Al Franken Show , beat The Radio Factor in New York City. In the months of April-June, Franken received a 2.6 share compared to O'Reilly's 1.1. However, Rush whipped both their asses. I love this part of the story. "Franken launched Air America amid much fanfare on March 31 as a liberal radio alternative to a predominantly right-leaning talk show culture whose ranks include such personalities as Limbaugh, Sean Hannity and O'Reilly. But the network soon ran into management and financial troubles. With a new group of executives in charge and investors committing more capital, network insiders have said the venture is bouncing back . Air America now claims 17 stations nationwide, plus a presence on the XM and Sirius satellite radio networks" Bouncing back. That's good. I'd like to know what network insiders are say this. Les Moonves. Ted Turner perhaps. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News STAND BY YOUR MAN Hillary proved that he's a Stand By Your Man kind of person, and now "Bubba's" showing that he is as well. Bill's standing by his national security adviser, Sandy Berger. "We were all laughing about it on the way over here," the former president said of the investigation into Samuel "Sandy" Berger on classified terrorism documents missing from the National Archives. "People who don't know him might find it hard to believe. But ... all of us who've been in his office have always found him buried beneath papers" Well, of course they were all laughing about it. The entire Clinton Administration is full of scandals, lies and crimes they got away with. They know Berger will walk away with just a slap on the wrist. Credit: urlLink Denver Post NUCLEAR MISSILES FOUND IN IRAQ? "Iraqi security reportedly discovered three missiles carrying nuclear heads concealed in a concrete trench northwest of Baghdad, official sources said Wednesday. The three missiles were discovered by chance when the Iraqi security forces captured former Baath party official Khoder al-Douri who revealed during interrogation the location of the missiles saying they carried nuclear heads," the sources said. They pointed out that the missiles were actually discovered in the trenches lying under six meters of concrete and designed in a way to unable sophisticated sensors from discovering nuclear radiation. The sources said al-Douri, who is related to former Vice Chairman of the Iraq Revolution Council and Saddam's right-hand man Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, was captured after Iraqi police intercepted an e-mail message in which he set a meeting with another former Baath official. The report could not be authenticated by the interior ministry or the national security department, but the paper noted Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshiar Zibari made a surprise request recently to Mohammed el-Baradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, to resume inspections for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq" We'll see how long it takes for this story to be covered up and forgotten by Big Media. Can't let a story that proves Bush was right go on for too long, now can they. Credit: urlLink Washington Times WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 RANDOM THOUGHTS VII: IT'S AMAZING HOW MUCH JUNK'S IN MY MIND Yes, it's that time once again for everyone's favorite post. Random Thoughts. For those readers who don't know, Random Thoughts is where I post some of the junk that's just floating around in my head. Let's get started. The most consistent random thought. I STILL want a brand new, 2005 Hummer. All black. Nice. Do any of you still watch cartoons? I'm not talking to you all with kids. I'm talking to those of you without kids. I do. There's one on Nick I like, Fairly Oddparents. Funniest damn thing. You should watch it some time. I hate Summer. It' too damn hot. 97 today with a heat index of 105. I like Fall and Winter. Any temp below 70 is my ideal temp. Do you say pop or soda where you live? Around these parts, we say pop. My birthday's coming up in next month. I'll be posting a gift list sometime in the next couple of weeks. Elephant - Big, Strong, Smart and Loyal Jackass - Small, Stupid and Stubborn No wonder Republicans are better. Ladies and Gentlemen, your new Superman. This movie will suck ass. It's not Superman without Christopher Reeve. I wish they wouldn't make this. Law & Order: SVU. Watch it. Also watch Joe Schmo 2 on Spike TV. This is the best "reality" show out there. Monday nights at 10 CDT. urlLink Click for the best director out there today. Okay, that's all for now. But stay tuned for more Random Thoughts. Some Random time, but same Random blog. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WHAT'S HE TRYING TO HIDE? Former Clinton national security adviser, Sandy Berger, is under investigation after he removed classified documents from the National Archives while preparing to appear before the 9/11 commission. After he was told by the Archives that some documents were missing he immediately returned them. "I immediately returned everything I had, except for a few documents that apparently I had accidentally discarded" Whoa, wait a second. He threw away documents that he wasn't supposed to have? Dems and Big Media flipped out when a name is blackened out of Bush's service records, why aren't they doing the same here? With this new report out that states "Bubba" was told ahead of time that al-Queada wanted to hijack airplanes and smash them into the WTC, and now this, I smell cover up. But it gets just a little better. It seems the tool of the Democratic party, The New York Slimes, buried this story on page A16. Not the front page like they would have done if Condoleezza Rice had done the same thing, but rather in a seven paragraph wire story. All The News That's Fit To Hide . Credit: urlLink NewsMax FLIP FLOP NUMBER 3,567 Then - I will not take federal campaign money. Now - I will take federal campaign money. Flip flop after flip flop after flip flop. Credit: urlLink Boston.com The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 IMPROVEMENTS As you can see, I've been doing some cosmetic work on the site. I didn't like the huge space between the post column and the columns on the right. So I worked the code and finally got it the way I like. I want to thank urlLink Jeff for his help. I think it looks better. More streamline. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BABY FARMS I wanted to make a quick post about all this talk about cloning humans and stem cell research. I'm against this. All it is is creating life just to kill it. Remember that scene in The Matrix where Neo's shown the fields of humans being grown just so the machines can use them as an energy supply, only to be discarded when they are no longer useful? That's what this is like. Creating a human life just so some mad scientist can get what they want from them and then throw the rest away. It's inhuman. And we don't even know if human stem cells will be able to cure anything anyway. This may be mass genocide for nothing. I read somewhere that scientist are working on alternative methods of what people think stem cells may accomplish. And before you go on a rampage, it wasn't NewsMax or any other Right-Wing magazine, it was some scientific magazine. This is what government funding needs to be used for, not for turning into The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW LINK I've added a new link in the Bugs & Other Stuff section. Everyone visit the site. FREEDOM OF SPEECH? I did a post once on the group called Protest Warriors. For those who don't know, Protest Warrior is a group of Conservatives who go to anti-freedom protests to try and balance them out with some Right Minded views. They're met with huge amounts of hostility and hatred from the Left-Winger anti-freedom protesters. Nazi and fascist seem to be the most popular names to call them. Anti-freedom protesters have tried to censor Protest Warrior at the rallies, but police refuse to do anything about it. I tell you, these Left-Wing nuts love to hold up the Constitution and scream "FIRST AMENDMENT" every chance they get, but when someone they hate uses the same first amendment give their views they cry fowl. I love it. Credit: urlLink Fox News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THANKS Thanks, Barry. SPACE, THE FINAL FRONTIER urlLink I'm a space nut. I love looking at pictures of the planets, moons, galaxies asteroids and the like. Things like the Andromeda Galaxy above fascinate me. How many stars are in that galaxy? How many planets are orbiting those stars? Is there life on those planets? So every once and awhile, I'll post a picture from the Astronomy Picture Of The Day website. You can click the picture to learn more about what you're looking at. Enjoy. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 IT'S HERE Here it is. urlLink Centigrade 911 . It took a few weeks, but the site telling the lies of Fahrenheit 911 is up and running. And already there's quite a few lies debunked. But it's not only the lies of Fahrenheit 911 . It also has articles by both Conservative and Liberal writers trying to get the facts out. I don't know if this will be the definitive Fahrenheit 911 debunker, ala urlLink Bowling For Truth and Bowling For Columbine , but it's a good start. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 REVIEWS urlLink UPDATED with two CD reviews and a new look. Enjoy. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 MERRY CHRISTMAS In July.&nbsp; We're just a little more than five months away from Christmas.&nbsp; I love everything about Christmas.&nbsp; I love the&nbsp;cold, snowy weather.&nbsp; I love the family coming together.&nbsp; I love&nbsp;Christmas music,&nbsp;Carol Of The Bells is my favorite song.&nbsp; I love decorating the old homestead.&nbsp; I love putting up the tree.&nbsp; I also love the presents.&nbsp; I love the whole feeling of Christmas time.&nbsp; I'm&nbsp;just trying to get everyone in the right mood.&nbsp; Merry Christmas In July.&nbsp; The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": IAPETUS urlLink I wonder which one's for and which one's against the issues. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 ANOTHER VICTORY FOR THE VR-WC We, the VR-WC, hate it when someone attacks our president. When that happens, there's no ends we won't go to to silence them. Ask Howard Stern and now Whoopi Goldberg. We have our fingers in over 90% of the companies in America, and Slim-Fast is one of them. Thanks to our threats, Slim-Fast has dropped Ms. Goldberg. On a serious note. The hate-filled Left needs to understand that there's consequences to their actions. They have every right to say what they want, but we as Americans also have the right to let our feelings be known about what they say or do. What gets me is the double standard here. If Ted Nugent were to get up during a Bush fundraiser and just rip urlLink Candidate Waffles and urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards apart like Goldberg did Bush, and he wouldn't distance himself from it like Kerry has yet to do, Big Media would be screaming bloody murder and demanding that Bush apologize. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 COMPROMISE Well, Republicans failed to get the necessary number of votes on the measure to ban same sex marriage. So, it doesn't look like this is going to pass any time soon. Let me give you a little info about my feelings on this. I think there should be an amendment to the Constitution. Now before you get all huffy and give me the "the Constitution is a sacred document that we shouldn't be changing", it's not like it would be the first amendment added. Unless I'm totally reading urlLink this , which I probably am, there have been 17 amendments added since 1791. Anyway, back to the compromise. Compromising puts a bad taste in my mouth. I hate it. But, as I can see this will never pass, I guess I'm going to have to settle with each state voting for or against it. As long as states who vote against it aren't forced to recognize same sex marriages. SHOWCASE I thought I would showcase my favorite "artwork" that I've done. Some of the newer readers may have never seen some of these, unless they've went through the archives. Now, they aren't necessarily the best, they're just my favorite. Enjoy. John Kerry: urlLink Choice urlLink Flip Flops urlLink Serta urlLink Wack A Rat urlLink Waffle House Micheal Moore: urlLink Moore At Cannes urlLink Movie Poster MISC: urlLink Crazy urlLink Honor Vets And my personal favorite, and the best one I've ever done, urlLink Poison The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": WIN WITH KERRY/EDWARDS We all know who people like this will be rooting for in November. IS THIS A DOUBLE STANDARD? I have a question for you. We've all seen how Big Media loves John Edwards' southern accent. They swoon for it and praise it when ever he talks. But why is it when a southern Republican speaks, it's cause for ridicule? They slam us as rednecks, hicks and backwoods hillbillies. Yet urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards is called smooth. Jealousy? Not so much jealousy as it is anger. I'm just tired of the double standards that are being portrayed as truth by the media. WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DOES THIS SURPRISE ANYONE? Extreme Left-Wing nuts are planning to try and basically shutdown the Republican National Convention with acts that could be described as acts of terror. They're planning on trying to fool bomb sniffing dogs by hiding gunpowder and tablets laced with ammonium nitrate. They're hoping that this will temporarily shutdown trains and maybe even cause an evacuation of MSG. These Left-Wing terrorists are using the internet to spread their message. Read some of the things they want people to do. ""Go to a rifle, pistol or skeet shooting range, spend an hour shooting to saturate clothing with smell of gunpowder, go directly to a New Jersey Transit, LIRR or subway train headed for Penn Station. "Try to have at least two people on a train in different locations, sit or stand near the doors as the train approaches the station, try to get near police and dogs, loiter as long as possible around the dog, try to pet it if possible. "If the dog alerts on your scent, do not leave or resist; the situation will cause a major disruption of the train schedule. ... If there is more than one person on the train that causes a dog to alert, you can bet that the train will not be going anywhere for a long time ... neither will any trains behind it. "It is important that the police call in all possible resources to investigate the situation. ... This will result in the maximum disruption. ... With any luck, Madison Square Garden will be evacuated. "Rush hours are ideal, the final night of the convention, very good, too." Like I said, does this surprise anyone? This is what the hate-filled Left has become. They're all for free speech, as long as it's their free speech. I hope these bomb sniffing dogs have been taught to bite. Credit: urlLink New York Daily News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 TALK ABOUT STATING THE OBVIOUS urlLink Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism is a documentary that's setting out to expose the truth about Fox News. That it leans to the Right. Uh, Duh. Everyone knows it leans to the Right. "What we found is not that Fox is a conservative network, but that it's a network that follows the party line of the Bush administration" Same old Liberal talking point about Fox News being a puppet of the Bush Administration. The same Fox News that has shown the trailer for Lienheit 911 more times in one day than I can count, has people on there that just rip Bush apart, disagree with everything Bush says or does or believes. Yeah, they're his puppet alright. It's hard being the big dog on the block. There's Fox News, the St. Bernard, sitting on top and they have these little Chihuahuas always running up and nipping at their feet then running away. Jealousy, that's all it is. DOESN'T MATTER Al Franken is urlLink changing the name of his show . He went through a couple of names that didn't' work. "The O'Limbaugh Factor" and "The O'President Bush Factor" before settling on this masterpiece, "The Al Franken Show". He could change the name to "The Radio Factor", it wouldn't matter. It's not the name, it's who's hosting it and the message he's spewing forth. Sane people don't want to listen to a madman on the radio. The whole network can change it's name, it'll still go under. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 DAMNED IF HE DOES AND DAMNED IF HE DOESN'T Members of the NAACP are bashing Bush for declining to speak to the organization. Next Thursday, urlLink Candidate Waffles will address the group. I can't wait to see how Kerry's going to call Bush a racist for turning them down. I think he made the right decision for two reasons. 1) If Bush were to address the NAACP, the Left would say he's only doing it because he feels he should and that he really doesn't want to be there and 2) Why should he set himself up for Big Media to use footage of him being booed over and over and over again. Him addressing the NAACP wouldn't have made any more blacks vote for him than had already planned to. The leadership of the NAACP hates him, and he's not too fond of them either. So why go there and be bombarded with hate. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CORRECTION I have to post a correction to another post. I posted that the Iraqi terrorists holding Filipino, Angelo de la Cruz, had let him go as a result of the Filipino government giving into their demands. It seems that they haven't let him go yet. Sorry about that. I must have read the story wrong. Damn, with this correction I now know what it's like to write for the New York Slimes. HARD HITTING JOURNALISM After weeks of back breaking work, digging into the life of John Edwards, Time Magazine has found that urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards likes Diet Coke. Sometimes up to four cans by noon. Ladies and Gentleman, this is investigative journalism at it's best. More to come on this story. Credit: urlLink Drudge OH HAPPY DAY The one soldier in Iraq who supports Kerry/Edwards waits with bated breath for urlLink John Edwards' visit . The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 SCARY THOUGHT "Sir, we've been attacked again." "What happened?" "al-Queda has blown up the Sears Tower. Over 1,000 Americans have been killed." "How do we know it was al-Queda?" "They've sent a video to the media claiming responsibility." "Okay, get me the U.N. on the phone. We need to figure out what happened." "Sir. Figure out what happened? I just told you." "I don't want to take any chances. We're going to have to talk things out for a couple of months." "Sir, we don't have a couple of months. We need to strike back, now." "Look, we need the U.N.'s permission to strike back. We can't just go out and defend ourselves without their consent." Meanwhile, al-Queda's recruiting homicide bombers to attack us on the streets and we become another Israel. This could be an actual event should The Toilet Twins win in four months. Kind of scares the crap out of you, doesn't it. CHENEY -VS- EDWARDS The battle lines have been drawn. It will be VP Dick Cheney debating John Edwards. Lets see the tale of the tape. Edwards: -Has yet to finish one term in office -In his five years in the Senate, he has yet to author a piece of legislation that even made it to the Senate floor for a vote -Since 1991, Edwards has only voted in 9 out of the 18 elections in his home county, citing the fact that he was just too busy -Never had a job that would be considered hard work, even though he claims to be a man for the "blue-collar" worker, except at a UPS loading dock for six months -Has never held an executive position, and at one point had no idea who Yitzhak Rabin was Cheney: -Advisor to President Nixon -Chief of Staff to President Ford -US Representative, including leadership – 10 years -Secretary of Defense during the Gulf War -Incumbent Vice President Need I say more? Dick Cheney will wipe the floor with urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards , but will lose the debate. Big Media will swoon all over Edwards southern accent and charm and will declare him the winner. Credit: urlLink Miller's Time for the Edwards facts The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 RATE ME Scroll down to Bugs & Other Stuff and you'll see that I've added a Rate Me link. Now you can really let me know what you think of my blog, the best all the way to the worst. One quick note, anyone rate me the worst and I'll send you a virus. Just kidding. Maybe. And I have to thank urlLink DeoDuce because it's from her site that I got the link. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 MICHAEL MOORE, THE GENIUS? As much as I hate the man, I have to admit he is pretty damn smart. We all know Moore keeps his lawyers on speed dial in case someone says something about him he doesn't like, so why hasn't he attacked urlLink Mike Wilson yet? Because he doesn't want any more media attention brought to Wilson's film. Moore knows how to play the media better than anyone. He knows how to pull the strings and create false events. Look at the whole Disney/Miramax thing. That's why he refuses to talk about this film or to Wilson. Moore knows the power of controversy. I'm going to make a prediction right now. Michael Moore Hates America will make, in total, around $25 million. Not bad for a documentary, but no where near Lienheit 911's money. But if, for some reason, Moore looses his cool and slams Wilson in the media, that total will rise by at least another $10 million. I would love to hear your predictions on what you think this movie will make. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 JOE WILSON A LIAR Joe Wilson, the man who accused the White House of leaking the name of his wife to Robert Novak, and who was also the man the CIA used to find out if Iraq was trying to acquire yellowcake uranium from Africa, said that his findings would lay to rest any notion that Iraq sought uranium there and has said his findings were ignored by the White House. This is lie number one. The Senate intelligence committee report that came out yesterday debunked Wilson's claims and found that his report bolstered the case for most intelligence analysts. So, wait a minute, the White House was right? Wow, who would have guessed? Oh, that's right, Right-Minded people knew. Here's lie number two. Wilson also claimed that his wife, CIA employee Wilson claims was outed by the White House, did not recommend him for the yellowcake mission. But that turns out to be a lie as well, because the Senate report points out that Wilson's wife did recommend him for the job. Lie after lie after lie. Does anyone know if Wilson is a hold on from the Clinton Administration? Credit: urlLink Washington Post and urlLink Blogs For Bush I STOLE THIS POST I opposed AIDS before I supported it . That could be Kerry's next flip-flop. urlLink Candidate Waffles now wants to let people with AIDS immigrate to America. A ban that he urlLink supported in '93. As if we don't already have a strain on our healthcare system from people who are legal, now Kerry wants us to spend even more money, that we don't have, on illegals. Damn. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News via urlLink Brian and urlLink Michelle Malkin The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 ANOTHER VICTORY FOR TERROR The Filipino Government has capitulated to the terrorists. "Iraqi militants", or terrorists, were holding Filipino Angelo dela Cruz hostage and were demanding that the Philippines pull their peace keeping troops out of Iraq. They agreed. They will begin to pull their troops out in August. As a result of their surrender, the terrorists have released dela Cruz. Which is the only good news out of all this. Wow, that's two victories. Spain and the Philippines, they're on a roll. But seriously, this is the absolute wrong thing to do. They see that these threats can work, and that's what keeps them going. THE MORAL OF THE STORY I loved this. Enjoy. "Once upon a time, on a farm in Texas, there was a little red hen who scratched about the barnyard until she uncovered quite a few grains of wheat. She called all of her neighbors together and said, "If we plant this wheat, we shall have bread to eat. Who will help me plant it?" "Not I," said the cow. "Not I," said the duck. "Not I," said the pig. "Not I," said the goose. "Then I will do it by myself," said the little red hen. And so she did. The wheat grew very tall and ripened into golden grain. "Who will help me reap my wheat?" asked the little red hen. "Not I," said the duck. "Out of my classification," said the pig. "I'd lose my seniority," said the cow. "I'd lose my unemployment compensation," said the goose. "Then I will do it by myself," said the little red hen, and so she did. At last it came ti me to bake the bread. "Who will help me bake the bread?" asked the little red hen. "That would be overtime for me," said the cow. "I'd lose my welfare benefits," said the duck. "I'm a drop out and never learned how," said the pig. "If I'm to be the only helper, that's discrimination," said the goose. "Then I will do it by myself," said the little red hen. She baked five loaves and held them up for all of her neighbors to see. They wanted some and, in fact, demanded a share. But the little red hen said, "No, I shall eat all five loaves." "Excess profits!" cried the cow. "Capitalist leech!" screamed the duck. "I demand equal rights!" yelled the goose. The pig just grunted in disdain. And they all painted "Unfair!" picket signs and marched around and around the little red hen, shouting obscenities. Then a government agent came. He said to the little red hen, "You must not be so greedy." " But I earned the bread," said the little red hen. "Exactly," said the agent. "That is what makes our free enterprise system so wonderful. Anyone in the barnyard can earn as much as he wants. But under our modern government regulations, the productive workers must divide the fruits of their labor with those who are lazy and idle." And they all lived happily ever after, including the little red hen, who smiled and clucked, "I am grateful, for now I truly understand." But her neighbors became quite disappointed in her. She never again baked bread because she joined the "party" and got her bread free, at someone else's expense. And all the Democrats smiled. 'Fairness' had been established. Individual initiative had died but nobody noticed; perhaps no one cared, as long as there was free bread" Credit: urlLink Claudia The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THE SOURCE OF A MANS POWER There are many things a man will fight for. His country, his woman and his kids. But the television remote control is the most important thing to a man. Don't believe me. Try taking it away from a man one time. We'll beat you within in an inch of your life to get it back. Because he who rules the remote, welds the power. The remote control is the object that takes the commercials way and brings us our wrestling, football, Fox News and late night softcore porn on HBO Friday and Saturday nights. Not that I watch that kind of stuff. Ladies, watch your man one night while he's watching t.v. During the show, he won't lay the remote down. He'll continue to hold it, all be it unknowingly so. He is unconsciously protecting it. The remote is like the ring in the Lord Of The Rings. It weaves it's power over us and, ironically, controls us. Why am I ranting on about a t.v. remote? Because I'm bored. But, am I lying men? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 IS THIS BIASED? I was wondering if someone could tell me if this is biased reporting. Big Media is all over the the Senate report released today about pre-war intelligence, but has largely ignored the Useless Nations report the Saddam had WMD's and had shipped them to Syria before and during the invasion. Why is this? This couldn't be because of they're Left leaning hatet of Bush could it? And why is FoxNews the news outlet covering the Oil For Food scandal? It couldn't be because it makes the Useless Nations look bad, could it? KERRY'S FRIENDS We've all heard about the Radio City Music Hall hatefest yesterday where the Toilet Twins were sung the praises of the Hollywood Lefties. We also know about Whoopi Goldberg's tirade about Bush's last name. urlLink Candidate Waffles is refusing to release the tape of the event. Why? Doesn't he want the America people to know what kind of people he claims to be "the heart and soul of America" really are? I don't know about you, but the people I call the heart and soul of America don't compare George W. Bush to a vagina. But that's just me. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BACKGROUND As you can see, I've added a background image. I may change it up just a little in the near future, it kind of sticks out just a little too much. It took me over an hour to get this thing to show up, so you better like it, damn it. And yes, I did get the idea from urlLink FoxNews' background image. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW BLOG I've added a new blog for you all to enjoy. Army Of One. Great site. Go check it out. One quick thing. There's a test on the site that will tell you if you're a urlLink Neocon or not. I took the test and found out I'm a Neoconservative… -Want the US to be the world's unchallenged superpower -unwavering support for Israel -Support American unilateral action -Support preemptive strikes to remove perceived threats to US security -Promote the development of an American empire -Equate American power with the potential for world peace -Seek to democratize the Arab world -Push regime change in states deemed threats to the US or its allies -Historical neoconservative: President Teddy Roosevelt -Modern neoconservative: President Ronald Reagan So for all the Lefties out there who think I'm a NeoCon, here's the proof. CAMPAIGN VIDEO GAME Get a load of urlLink this . You'll need WMP to play it and you'll have to go through a story about internet gambling in internet cafes before you get to the story. There's a computer game coming out where you'll be able to run the campaign of either Bush or Kerry, or any other candidate throughout time. Or you can make yourself a candidate and run against someone online. This sounds pretty cool. I may have to get this, if the online play is free that is. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WAFFLES -VS- "BABY FACE" Ladies and Gentlemen. The following bout has a 45 minute time limit and is for the undisputed World Hypocrisy Championship of the world. In this corner, wearing the blue and yellow camo, standing 7'8", weighing in at 268 pounds, hailing from Boston, Mass, John urlLink "Candidate Waffles" Kerry. "In the Senate four years, and that is the full extent of public life, no international experience, no military experience. You can imagine what the advertising is going to be next year. When I came back from Vietnam in 1969 I don't know if John Edwards was out of diapers then. Well, I'm sure he was out of diapers" "I think the American people want an experienced hand at the helm of state, this is not the time for on-the-job training in the White House on national security issues" "Edwards says heÂs the only one who can win states in the South. He can't win his own state" "Below is John Edwards MAJOR economic address, where he promises to reward work and to create opportunity. There's one thing missing from this speech: TRADE. Apparently, cracking down on unfair trade practices and promoting fair and balanced trade was not a priority to John Edwards just eight months ago. Mr. Johnny Come Lately on Trade" "If his intent is to remove special interests from Washington, why has he, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, taken more than $11 million from lawyers and law firms?" And his opponent. Wearing the blue with black trim, standing 6'3, weighing in at 230 pounds, hailing from Seneca, South Carolina, John urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards . "Do you believe that change is more likely to be brought about by someone who has spent 20 years in Washington or by someone who is more of an outsider to this process?" "In order to beat Bush, we need a nominee who can win Southern states, not another New Englander or Washington insider who loses every Southern state" "I myself have been against NAFTA because of the damage it's doing to our economy, against the other trade agreements that I don't believe incorporate fair trade elements that need to be there. That's the difference between Senator Kerry and myself. And I think these differences will become clearer and clearer as the race focuses on the two of us" "If we want real change in America, real change in Washington, itÂs my belief that it takes somebody that's not a Washington insider to do that" "In 1969, I was sitting around a kitchen table with my parents trying to figure out how we would pay for college like so many Iowans do every single day. And that is a difference between me and Senator Kerry" Oh, ladies and gentlemen, this has been a very brutal fight. There's teeth and blood everywhere. Wait a minute, something's happening. It looks like the two rivals are hugging in the middle of the right. It seems "Baby Face" is raising the hand of "Waffles". Ladies and Gentlemen, it looks like these two once bitter rivals have joined together to form a tag team. Wait, "Waffles" and "Baby Face" are taking the mic. "Bush Is Evil" There you have it ladies and gentlemen. The newly formed team of Kerry and Edwards who are now calling themselves "New America". Me personally, I like America just the way it is. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": SHOOTING BLANKS The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HOW CUTE Here's a question. How do you think it'll be before urlLink Candidate Waffles and urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards begin pimping these kids to the American public? JOHN EDWARDS I thought I would give my feelings on Sen. John Edwards. I want to dislike the man. I really do, but I can't. As much as I hate to admit it, he is charming. I think Kerry made the right choice. The only things I can dislike Edwards on is that he's a Democrat and a lawyer. Now granted, contrary to what Dems are saying, good looks, charm and a southern accent won't win this election for Kerry/Edwards but it won't hurt them either. The Right's argument is that Edwards is too green to be that close to becoming president. The Left's argument is that come Nov., Edwards will have been a Senator the same amount of time Bush was Gov. of Texas. Both are right, but, not surprisingly, I have to side with the Right on this one. Being Gov. of the second biggest state in the union comes with a lot more experience with big issues than being the Sen. of South Carolina. COULD THIS HURT? Remember the broo-ha-ha when a Boston Globe reporter Bush to name 5 leaders of third-world countries, and he couldn't do it? Well, it seem that Edwards isn't too much for name either. Last year, the Washington Monthly reported that one of Edwards advance man suggested they ought to go to the reception for Leah Rabin. Edwards asked who that she was. He was told that she was the widow of the late Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin. He then asked who he was. My question is when will Big Media pick up on this story? My answer is never. Kerry has too a chance to beat Bush, Big Media doesn't want to do anything to spoil that. Credit: urlLink NewsMax WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BREAKING NEWS urlLink Candidate waffles has dropped urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards for Al "The Insane Nut" Gore as his running mate. Wait, this just in. Kerry has dropped Gore for Sen. Hillary Clinton. Wait. I've just received word that Kerry has dropped Clinton and has once again asked Edwards to be his running mate. Talk about a busy news day. Stay tuned for further flip-flops. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday W, Happy Birthday To You. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 KERRY'S NUMBER TWO urlLink Candidate waffles has finally named John Edwards as his running mate. I really don't have anything negative to say about Edwards yet, as I don't know much about him. But I'm sure that'll change in the next month or two. But I can tell you all this. If this country elects the two Johns, that's where this country will be. In the john. Hey, that could be their campaign slogan. Put The Country In The John With The Johns. And the title has nothing to do with johns. That was unintentional. WHAT? Did anyone know about this. "Kidnapped US marine Wassef Ali Hassoun has been taken to "a place of safety" after he pledged not to return to the US military , his captors told al-Jazeera television in a statement yesterday" I didn't know he was a deserter. If this is true, then this Islamic Response Movement should just keep him. Harsh? Maybe, but he's turned his back on his country. Credit: urlLink The Guardian The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE Michael Moore recently said in Time magazine, "There is not a single factual error in the movie. I'm thinking of offering a $10,000 reward for anyone that can find a single fact that's wrong." But don't look for the man to actually do it. He can't afford to go broke. What with is limousine riding, jet flying, Upper West Side living, private school going kids lifestyle. If he was to actually offer the money, then urlLink Richard Bushnell would be a rich man. Check out Bowling For Truth. He's already got up quite a few facts about Lienheit 9/11. Side Note. Blogger's been having some server problems. Has anyone else been having problems with either posting to Blogger or viewing Blogger blogs? Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WAR TIME PRESIDENT First, I hope everyone had a great 4th. And for all you America hating Lefties, I'm sure it was a nightmare. Anyway, here's a question for you. One of the biggest things I hear about Kerry is that he's more qualified to handle the War On Terror because he saw action in Vietnam. That since Bush didn't, he doesn't have the qualification. Here's my question. Does the same apply to "Bubba"? He was never even in the military. Was he qualified order troops into Somalia or the bombing of Afghanistan? The Left seem to think so, but don't seem to think Bush should have sent troops to Evanston or Iraq. Does anyone else smell the Hypocrisy and Double Standard in the room? THE CORNERSTONE OF FREEDOM The cornerstone for the new Freedom Tower was layed yesterday. One question. Why are they going to cover this thing up? You'd think they'd want it to be seen by everyone who passes the building. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 AMERICAN FREEDOM Wow, 228 years old and still looking good. She doesn't show her age at all, does she? Why, I remember when she was 212 like it was only yesterday. Anyway, what ever you do today, have fun and stay safe. I think I'll close this post with the lyrics to my favorite song about my favorite country. Enjoy. "If tomorrow all the things were gone I’d worked for all my life, And I had to start again with just my children and my wife. I’d thank my lucky stars to be living here today, ‘Cause the flag still stands for freedom and they can’t take that away. And I’m proud to be an American where at least I know I’m free. And I won’t forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. And I’d gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today. ‘Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land God bless the U.S.A. From the lakes of Minnesota, to the hills of Tennessee, across the plains of Texas, from sea to shining sea, From Detroit down to Houston and New York to LA, Well, there’s pride in every American heart, and it’s time to stand and say: I’m proud to be an American where at least I know I’m free. And I won’t forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. And I’d gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today. ‘Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land God bless the U.S.A." The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": NEW POSTER Sheik Hassan Nasrallah, a Hezbollah leader, says: "Praise Allah for Michael Moore. He sees the world the way we do. Mr. Moore shows who the real enemy is. Not us peace loving, non-murdering Muslims. But rather the ugly, jingoistic hate mongers, the Americans. I urge every terro... I mean ever minute man to go see this fabulous piece of work." Li Peng, Chairman of National People's Congress, says: "We've known all along how evil America was. Michael Moore now shows the rest of the world with his brilliant film, Fahrenheit 911 . Not since the film How To Suppress Freedom In One Easy Step has a movie moved me so. Fahrenheit 911 will now be required viewing material for every school child in China." One last thing. I know I misspelled Hezbollah in the picture. I looked all over for how to spell it and everything I tried came back with positive hits. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THE PEACE LOVING LEFT I love urlLink Moorewatch . One of the best sites on the net, but I really love reading their hate mail. Some of the stuff from the peace loving, golden hearted left is pretty creative. So I thought I would share some of my favorite Moorewatch hate mail with you. I hope Lee and JimK won't mind. These are just parts of the letter, I'm not going to post the entire thing. Enjoy. "Im moving to Canada and getting out of this power hungry country. An example of stupid laws is, when I was 18 I went to poleman (I donÂt know if thatÂs spelled Wright) Washington to my friends dorm room. If you walk outside into the neighborhood there are hundreds of teens running around drunk, searching for the next party. Meanwhile cops are just standing around. So here me and my friends are sitting in the dormroom smoking some pot because we hate being drunk, being perfectly quiet. Well we get a knock at the door to find 6 cops. In the end I had 100 hours of community service. It was insane. These cops had nothing better to do but bully us. We werenÂt the out of control drunks running around, we were just sitting peacefully in our room watching TV. This is an example of a fucked up government!!!!!" How dare those fascist pigs bust them for smoking pot. This is from someone in England, I'm guessing. "YOU WANKERS SUPPORT GW POES, THUS YOU ARE NO BETTER THAN NAZI GERMANY. YOU DONT REPECT THE LAWS OF WAR, YOU DONT RESPECT THE SOVERENTY OF ANOTHER COUNTRY, BET YOU DONT RESPECT THE BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS OF ANOTHER HUMAN BEING EITHER, YOUR IDEALIST METHODS CRY OUT TO BE BLOWN UP. fUCK YOU WANKERS AT MOOREWATCH, FUCK YOU NAZI BASTERDS AT MOOREWATCH, MOOREWATCH IS SOUND MORE LIKE GURBLES THESE DAYS AND MOORE IS SOUNDING LIKE WINSTON CHURCHILL, USA IS EVIL, FUCKING WANKERS. OH BTW LET YOU IN ON A SECRET THE CIA FLEW THE PLANES INTO THE WORLD TRADE CENTRE." The CIA recruited Muslims to fly the planes into the WTC. Wow. This one guy has made me change my mind about America. "Fuck you little prick. IÂm assuming youÂre a brainwashed, midget, ugly little fear-laden wimp, like all the other pussy-ass right-wingers I know." Wow, that 8th grade education at work right there. And finally, my favorite letter from a Lefty who thinks everybody is equal and preaches no war and free love. "And by the way, I hope Regan suffered.....he deserved it. Wishing you a swift execution" Kumbaya my Lord, Kumbaya. O Lord, Kumbaya. Yeah, the Left is the party of understanding and love. I'm not sure how many of my readers where alive when Kennedy was murdered, but did any Right-Winger say "I hope Kennedy suffered when he got half of his head blown off...he deserved it"? That's the difference between the Left and Right. We have more respect for people than to say something like that. That's what the Left has become over the years. A party of hate and intolerance. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 OH DEAR GOD I just don't know what to think about this. Members, it doesn't say who, but we all know it's the Dems, of the House what the U.N. brought to America to oversee the elections this Nov. They're still harping on the 2000 election where Al "Insane Freak" Gore lost to W. Four years and they still can't get over it. *shakes head in sadness* "As lawmakers, we must assure the people of America that our nation will not experience the nightmare of the 2000 presidential election" said on anonymous Dem. This is pathetic, Democrats don't seem to think people are smart enough to be able to vote for themselves. Apparently, we need a babysitter. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News via urlLink Brian The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NADER AND THE DEMS I have a question. Why are the Dems so scared of Ralph Nader? Every time his name is mentioned, Dems go into convolutions and begin to sweat. Don't they believe in a free America? Don't they think he has every right to run for president? That's what makes this the greatest country on Earth. Everyone has a right to spread their message to the public. But Dems don't see it that way. At every turn they're trying to censor Nader. Telling him to drop out. Lawsuits in Arizona challenging signatures needed to get Nader's name on the ballot. Threats lawsuits in Florida. I might not agree with Nader's message, but I support him in getting his name on as many ballots as possible. Come one, lets face it. His name on the ballot isn't going to help Bush in the slightest. What are people so scared of? Give people a choice. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 REJECTED Spider-Man 2 opened Wednesday and pulled in a record $40 million shoving Moore's F911 to number two. I guess all those people who saw Spider-Man just wanted a little bit more truth in their movie. TAKING THE WIND OUT OF THEIR SAILS Contrary to what the record industry tells us, downloading music from the internet doesn't hurt record sales after all. Record sales are up 7% from this time last year. I thought downloading music from the internet was supposed to destroy the record industry. It was supposed to be taking millions out of the multi-millionaires pockets. Huh, I guess not. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": $1.98 Here's a contest for my readers. The first one to tell me where I got the $1.98 from will receive an e-$50 bill from me to post on your site so everyone will know you won. Cool, huh? It may or may not have something to do with the picture, I won't tell you that. Some may know it right away, while others may not know what the hell I'm talking about. Good luck. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THANK YOU This post is dedicated to the men and woman who have served and are serving in the United States military. I've never been in the armed forces, so I don't even pretend to know everything you go through or the sacrifices you have made or are making. But I just wanted to let you know that you have people back home who love, support and respect you and who wish you a safe and speedy return. You sacrifice everything in your lives for people you don't even know. You may not call yourselves heroes, but that's what you are. The first of every month, I'll post this message. This is something that would be great to see take off. It would be nice to see people honor and thank the men and woman who keep us safe. What's great about this is that both Democrats and Republicans can participate. If you would like to take part in this, just copy the bug above and save to your host site. If you don't have one, urlLink Photobucket has a great free host site. Show your support for the men and woman who defend our freedoms. THE NEW SADDAM I told you. I'm not going back to that jail cell untill the Americans get rid of that camel. I want my old camel. Amy was nice and soft. This new one's too rough in bed." Saddam Hussein was read his charges today. Including gassing of the Kurds in 1988, killing members of political parties in the last 30 years and the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. Too bad they couldn't charge him with everything, but that trial would take a good ten years. Anyway, seeing him today with his hargard face looking beaten and tired, I felt kind of sorry. Sorry he's still alive. The son of a bitch should have been shot coming out of his spider hole. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CHARLEY Hurricane Charley has been upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane. That's 145MPH ground winds. Damn. The strongest winds I've ever encountered was maybe around 70MPH, I can't even fathom 145. One question. When will Kerry and the DNC blame Bush for Charley as a ploy to steal Florida like he did in 2000? "ARTWORK": KERRY'S SENSITIVE WAR ON TERROR The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WHY BUSH IS BETTER This is why Bush is a better man than John Kerry. On Larry King yesterday, President Bush said of urlLink Candidate Waffles : "He views it (his service in Vietnam) as honorable service, and so do I" Even after all the personal attacks by Kerry, Bush still says something like this. Bush has never attacked Kerry's service record or the lies he's told about his time in Vietnam, unlike Kerry has, and that's one of the many reasons I'll be voting for him this November. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WARM KICKINGS You all remember the movie Cool Runnings . About the Jamaican bobsled team and their Olympic story. Well, we may have a new underdog to root for. The Iraqi soccer team. They came into Athens with nobody giving them a chance. They were lucky to even make it to the Olympics. They just played their preliminary game against heavily favored Portugal, an awesome game I might add, and beat them 4-2. This is a victory they really earned and deserved. After everything they've went though by Saddam and Uday this is something they really needed. It may only be a soccer game to you and me, but to them it's something that could help bring pride back to their country. I think they have something to prove to the world. If you would have told me two or three years ago that I would be cheering for Iraq in anything, I would have laughed in your face. But I would love to see them win any medal. How awesome would that be? Even if they don't win another game they showed they have what it takes. In case anyone care, their next game against either Costa Rica or Morocco will be played Sunday. AT LEAST THEIR SUPREME COURT KNOWS THE LAW "SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The California Supreme Court on Thursday voided the nearly 4,000 same-sex marriages sanctioned in San Francisco this year and ruled unanimously that the mayor overstepped his authority by issuing marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples. The court said the city violated the law when it issued the certificates, since both legislation and a voter-approved measure defined marriage as a union between a man and woman." Finally someone is reading the law books over there. The people of California voted this down, but Mayor Newsom thought he could interpret the law better. One small victory. Credit: urlLink AP News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WHO SENT US TO WAR? Just a quick post. We keep hearing from people like Michael Moore that Bush sent our children to war. That Bush sent them to Iraq to fight. Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't the President of the United States need the approval of the U.S. Congress to declare war? He can't just wake up one day and send American troops into a country to fight. So, in actuality, didn't Kerry and Edwards "send our children to war"? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BUY THE BOOK If you haven't bought your copy of Unfit For Command yet, go to urlLink Barnes & Noble now and get it for $19.56. It'll be almost $28 in stores, but my total at B&N was only $23. Go get it and piss the people at the NYT off by making it a Number 1 bestseller. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 "ARTWORK": PRESIDENT BUSH? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 TROUBLE IN PARADISE urlLink Candidate Waffles and his sugar mamma had to sleep in separate bedrooms Sunday night after a campaign rally in Arizona. The two got into a heated argument after the rally and needed a little cooling off time. Your humble blogger, with the help of the VR-WC, has been able to find out what the argument was about. Waffles - But baby, please don't' cut me off. Sugar Mamma - I told you John, you've had enough. Waffles - I can't survive without it. Sugar Mamma - No more. Waffles - Fine. I don't need your stupid money anyway. Sugar Mamma - Is that so? Waffles - I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I do need it. Sugar Mamma - Go sleep in the other room tonight, John. Waffles - Yes ma'am. Credit: urlLink Drudge GREAT POINT Lark, a guess poster over at urlLink StarkTruth , made a great point in a post yesterday. "What is with the sudden indignation over a 527 anti-Kerry ad? I certainly don't remember McCain making a stink over all the 527 anti-Bush ads that have been run. If McCain's problem is that he despises attacks on someone's military service record, then why didn't he strongly defend Bush like this every time some liberal moron group carried on saying Bush had been AWOL? I didn't hear Mr. RINO make a big stink over Kerry when he denigrated Bush's service in the National Guard. Bush has NEVER spoken critically of Kerry's service record. Kerry did cross that line. That didn't seem to bother McCain" I've lost a lot of respect for McCain over this. WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 CLASSIC POSTS There's nothing to post on at this time, so I thought I would go through my archives and re-post a few of my favorite posts from the past. Some of you have read them, and some either haven't or have forgotten them. Enjoy. This first one is probably my all time favorite post. Feb. 21, 2004 "HISTORY OF THE GOP Found this site that describes the history of the GOP and I though I would share some of it with you. The Republican Party was born in the early 1850's by anti-slavery activists and individuals who believed that government should grant western lands to settlers free of charge. So, what do we learn from this part? Before the Republican Party was founded, there were two main parties. Democrats and Whigs. After the GOP was founded, most Whigs joined up. So that tells us that the Democratic Party was the party of pro-slavery, not the Republican Party. If the Whigs joined the GOP, then the Whigs must have been anti-slavery. The first official Republican meeting took place on July 6th, 1854 in Jackson, Michigan. The name "Republican" was chosen because it alluded to equality and reminded individuals of Thomas Jefferson's Democratic-Republican Party. Now you can make the argument of Jefferson being pro-slavery. You can do it if you want, but he also was instrumental in establishing the freedoms we now have. In 1856, the Republicans became a national party when John C. Fremont was nominated for President under the slogan: "Free soil, free labor, free speech, free men, Fremont." Even though they were considered a "third party" because the Democrats and Whigs represented the two-party system at the time, Fremont received 33% of the vote. Four years later, Abraham Lincoln became the first Republican to win the White House. 33% right out of the gate. Kind of reminds me of what's happening today with Nader. The Green Party is considered a "third party" and they have every right to become a player in presidential elections. Just don't tell the DNC that. Abe Lincoln was our first Republican president. He was one of the key supporters of abolishing slavery. The Republicans of the day worked to pass the Thirteenth Amendment, which outlawed slavery, the Fourteenth, which guaranteed equal protection under the laws, and the Fifteenth, which helped secure voting rights for African-Americans. Outlaw slavery, equal protection under the law and voting rights for blacks. Boy, if you listen to the world today the Republican Party is the party that's trying to hold the black man down. Proof has nothing to do with history evidently. In 1896, Republicans were the first major party to favor women's suffrage. When the 19th Amendment finally was added to the Constitution, 26 of 36 state legislatures that had voted to ratify it were under Republican control. The first woman elected to Congress was a Republican, Jeanette Rankin from Montana in 1917. Wow, Republicans were also instrumental in women's rights. Plus the very first woman elected to Congress was a Republican. Kind of dampens the image the Democrats portray us as being, doesn't it. Abolishing slavery. Free speech. Women's suffrage. In today's stereotypes, none of these sounds like a typical Republican issue, yet they are stances the Republican Party, in opposition to the Democratic Party, adopted early on. It seems the Democratic Party was lead kicking and screaming into the 20th century, not the GOP. The GOP, Grand Old Party. Now you know our history, your history. Go out and spread the word. Let the world know you're proud to be Republican. The party of anti-slavery and pro women's rights." This next post is perfect for all those Lefties out there screaming their heads off about people questioning Kerry. Feb. 27, 2004 "MY ENVIRONMENT MADE ME DO IT I had to "steal" this post from Claudia. I don't think I've read many things more true than this. What makes a hero Benedict Arnold was a war hero, wounded in battle -- before he turned against his country. Hitler was likewise a decorated and wounded veteran of the First World War. Being a war hero is not a lifetime "get out of jail free" card, exempting you from responsibility for what you do thereafter. -Thomas Sowell That says it perfectly. Great find." This next on has to be the funniest damn thing I have ever read. Nov. 22, 2003 " SHOOTING AT A KKK RALLY The following is from the AP. It's the funniest damn thing I've ever heard of. Enjoy. JOHNSON CITY, Tenn. - A bullet fired in the air during a Ku Klux Klan initiation ceremony came down and struck a participant in the head, critically injuring him, authorities said. Gregory Allen Freeman, 45, was charged with aggravated assault and reckless endangerment in the Saturday night incident that wounded Jeffery S. Murr, 24. About 10 people, including two children, had gathered for the ceremony. The man who was being initiated was blindfolded, tied with a noose to a tree and shot with paintball guns as Freeman fired a pistol in the air to provide the sound of real gunfire, Sheriff Fred Phillips said. A bullet struck Murr on the top of the head and exited at the bottom of his skull, authorities said. Freeman fled the ceremony but was arrested near his home, authorities said. He was released on $7,500 bail . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Poetic Justice." And finally, the Pledge Of Allegiance. Nov. 19, 2003 " THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE I came across this while online and I thought I would share it with you. Comic legend Red Skeleton wrote this piece some years ago. Story has it that one of his teachers in school explained the words and the meaning of the Pledge Of Allegiance to his class. Skeleton later wrote and recorded his recollection of the lecture. Enjoy. I - - Me; an individual; a committee of one. Pledge - - Dedicate all of my worldly goods to give without self-pity. Allegiance - - My love and my devotion. To the Flag - - Our standard; Old Glory ; a symbol of Freedom; wherever she waves there is respect, because your loyalty has given her a dignity that shouts, Freedom is everybody's job. Of the United - - That means that we have all come together. States of America - - Individual communities that have united into forty-eight great states. Forty-eight individual communities with pride and dignity and purpose. All divided with imaginary boundaries, yet united to a common purpose, and that is love for country. And to the Republic - - Republic--a state in which sovereign power is invested in representatives chosen by the people to govern. And government is the people; and it's from the people to the leaders, not from the leaders to the people. For which it stands, One Nation - - One Nation--meaning, so blessed by God. Indivisible - - Incapable of being divided. With Liberty - - Which is Freedom; the right of power to live one's own life, without threats, fear, or some sort of retaliation. And Justice - - The principle, or qualities, of dealing fairly with others. For All - - For All --which means, boys and girls, it's as much your country as it is mine. And now, boys and girls, let me hear you recite the Pledge of Allegiance: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic, for which it stands; one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. You may notice that 'Under God' isn't in there. This was done before 'Under God' was put into the Pledge Of Allegiance, which recently people have been getting their panties in a bunch over. It's there, deal with it. It's being there doesn't hurt anyone. Calm down. If you don't want to say 'Under God', then don't." That's the post that prompted me to put the pledge on the blog for all to read and enjoy. I hope you enjoyed either reading for the first time or re-reading these posts. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 YOUR DREAM JOB Just a question for you all. If you could have your dream job what would it be? You have no worries about danger or money or anything, what would you want to be. Myself, I want to be a professional beach bum. Just like in Jimmy Buffets Margaritaville . I want to move to Hawaii and live in a little shack on the beach. Do nothing but hang out in the ocean or my hammock and collect sea shells all day. Drive a little Moped where ever I go. Soak up the sun. Don't have to get up until afternoon if I choose. I can't think of anything better. There's times when I just want to jump on a plane and do it. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 JOHN KERRY, THE MICHAEL MOORE OF POLITICS We all know that John Kerry was in Vietnam. Oh yeah, he was there. And we all know how Moore likes to create stories for his mocumentaries. Well, it seems that urlLink Candidate Waffles likes to make up stories as well. Kerry's been claiming for years that he was illegally sent into Cabodia on Christmas of '68. Turns out that may be a bold face lie. Here's the story Kerry likes to tell. "I remember Christmas of 1968 sitting on a gunboat in Cambodia. I remember what it was like to be shot at by the Vietnamese and Khmer Rouge and Cambodians, and have the president of the United States telling the American people that I was not there; the troops were not in Cambodia. I have that memory which is seared--seared--in me" John O'Neil, co-author of Unfit For Command and the Swift Boat commander who took over Kerry's boat says that Kerry was never in Cambodia during Christmas or at anytime during the war. All the living commanders in Kerry's chain of command deny that Kerry was ever ordered to Cambodia. Three of the five crewmen on Kerry's boat deny that they or their boat were ever in Cambodia. Kerry himself even changed the story for his book Tour of Duty . In his book, Kerry writes about a mortar attack that occurred on Christmas Eve 1968 near the Cambodian border in a town called Sa Dec and Christmas day was spent at the base writing entries in his journal. Another Flip-Flop, or Kerryism as some have taken to calling them. This man has a 30 year history of lies and spin to make himself seem the hero or the only good guy out there. John Forbes Kerry. JFK. Just For Kerry. Because that's who he's out for. Credit: urlLink Drudge ALAN KEYES FOR SENATE? Why is he running? For one, he hasn't a snowballs chance in hell of winning. And second, he's not even from Illinois. He lives in Maryland. I guess he's moving it Illiois so he can run. Just like Hillary Clinton moving to NY to run. My feeling is you shouldn't be allowed to run for office of a state unless you have lived there at least 5 years. KERRY HATES KIDS We already know that on 9/11 Kerry would have walked out on school kids scaring them, now it turns out he's to busy to even wave to kids with Cancer. "The Kerry Edwards campaign disappointed dozens of children suffering with Cancer on Sunday when the candidates' whistlestop train tour failed to stop and greet them while traveling through a ranch where they were vacationing in New Mexico. 'The train tracks run for four miles through the ranch,' complained radio host Don Imus, who runs the Imus Ranch for the kids - some of them terminally ill - near Santa Fe, New Mexico." I guess urlLink Candidate Waffles and urlLink "Baby Face" Edwards were just to busy for talk with some sick kids. Maybe coming up with ways to blame Bush for their Cancer. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NOW THAT'S HARSH "Iraq's interim government has reinstated capital punishment in its bloody battle against insurgents. The penalty will be meted out to those guilty of murder, endangering national security and drug dealing " That's what we need to do here. Not the death penalty, but stop funning about with drugs. A minimum of 40 years in prison with no parole for drug dealers. Right now we soft shoe around with drugs. Giving them maybe a year or two for possession and maybe 5-7 for dealing. The government needs to get tough. Credit: urlLink Sky News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 SECOND TIME I got another coward leaving a comment without an e-mail address. That makes two. Just like a Dem to throw a bomb and run. This isn't D.O.D by any chance, is it? Get a load of this from the KERRY TRIED TO RUN post. "McCain is a true American. George W Bush and you "Kerry Haters" are only interest in this election because you think you will be wealthier if Bush wins. You could give a rat's behind about the young men and women risking their lives in Iraq so that your precious stock portfolio will rise. "Kerry Haters" How preschool is that! You can't handle the integrity of John McCain. A loose canon you call him, you make him sound like commodity. Your boy, your puppet George Bush well he Aims right where you tell him to." Let me break this down and answer it. Yes, John McCain is a true American. He was captured by the Vietcong and help as a POW, but yet doesn't feel the need to use it for political gain. Kerry could learn something from McCain. I'm only interested in this election because I think Bush will make me wealthier? Alright, I can move out of the trailer park now. Sweet. I could give a rats behind about the men and women risking their lives in Iraq? I think you all can judge this one for yourselves. Bush will make my stock portfolio rise? Dude, I'd better invest in the market then. Anyone of you other rich Republicans got some money I can borrow. I'll pay you back with Bush wins and I become rich. I freely admit it. I Hate John Kerry. Back to McCain. When did I ever talk about McCain. I like the guy. He speaks his mind. Just like Bush was a couple of years ago, McCain doesn't listen to polls. Too bad Bush has begun to. I McCain sound like a commodity. Talk about calling the kettle black. That's not a racist joke. Look at Barack Obama at the DNC. The showed him off like a piece of property. Bush is my boy? My puppet? How does he aim where I tell him to? I didn't tell him to throw the Taliban out of power. I didn't tell him to kick Saddam's ass. He did on his own. And I commend him for it. I love it when people are too scare to leave a real name or an e-mail address. Although I do have is IP address, which is just as good. POLL 2 As promised, here's the second of three polls. How Many Medals Do You Think America Will Win In The Olympics This Year? I'll just take my guess here instead of in the Rants. I'm going to say 95 total. 40 Gold, 34 Silver and 21 Bronze. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 KERRY TRIED TO RUN I've been looking around at some history on urlLink Candidate Waffles and ran across this. "After an application for a twelve month deferment to study in Paris was denied, Kerry joined the United States Navy on February 18, 1966" So for all his grandstanding and touting of his war record, he tried to run to Europe like "Bubba". I wonder why he doesn't tell this part to people? And what's all this year and a half to two years in Vietnam. Kerry spent a total of eleven months there. Anyway, urlLink here's the link. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 IT'S ALL BUSH'S FAULT urlLink CLICK FOR BIGGER IMAGE urlLink Here's a link to the story. It's an interesting read, go check it out. Here's part of the article. "A study by Swiss and German scientists suggests that increasing radiation from the sun is responsible for recent global climate changes. Dr Sami Solanki, the director of the renowned Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Gottingen, Germany, who led the research, said: "The Sun has been at its strongest over the past 60 years and may now be affecting global temperatures." So for all you nuts out there taking The Day After Tomorrow as the truth, there you go. Hell, I'm no scientist, but even I knew this. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 POLL TIME 1 Now I know my polls have never taken off, but I'm a glutton for punishment. I have three poll questions that I thought up yesterday and I'll post one today, tomorrow and Sunday. Here's the first one. Do You Have Old Glory Proudly Displayed At Your Home? The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 KERRY SUPPORTERS urlLink To go with this. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THAT'S JUST WRONG A 58 year old woman in Belfast, Ireland has just won a record 20.1 million pounds ($37 million) in the lottery. That's the good news. The bad news. She's suffering from cancer. She has cancer of the esophagus and is going through chemo now and is planning on having major surgery next month. I'm not trying to be cruel. I know what it's like to lose someone to cancer, but that's just not fair. $37 million and she many not be around to enjoy it very long. Damn. She said the first thing she's going to do is take a vacation to Las Vegas with her husband and buy a new washing machine. The rest of it's to ensure that her family and friends are secure for life. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News HYPOCRITE urlLink Candidate Waffles newest jolly is preaching from the book of Michael Moore. Kerry's been talking about W's reaction to the news of 9/11. Well, it seems that Kerry and a few other Dems didn't know what to do for 40 minutes . What Kerry told Larry King "I was in the Capitol. We'd just had a meeting - we'd just come into a leadership meeting in Tom Daschle's office, looking out at the Capitol. And as I came in, Barbara Boxer and Harry Reid were standing there, and we watched the second plane come in to the building. And we shortly thereafter sat down at the table and then we just realized nobody could think, and then boom, right behind us, we saw the cloud of explosion at the Pentagon. And then word came from the White House, they were evacuating, and we were to evacuate, and so we immediately began the evacuation" The second plane hit the tower at 9:03. The Pentagon was hit a 9:43. 40 minutes. He's bitching about, what was it, seven minutes? That's why Kerry's an ass. Bush knew what to do. Try not to scare those kids. Kerry, in his fashion, couldn't make up his mind what to do. Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW SECTION AND BLOGS Scroll down and you'll find a new section under Heroes . It's Truth About Kerry . It's a collection of great sites that try to shed some light on urlLink Candidate Waffles . Two notes. Swift Boat Vets For Truth is a real site, but for some reason isn't loading. Hopefully that'll be fixed soon. And check out U.S.S. Yorktown. It's from a Vietnam vet who's willing to support Kerry if only he would answer a few questions. Some good cartoons there. I like this one. Some great questions for Kerry as well. If you know of any more sites that you think I should add, let me know so I can get them up. I've also added two new blogs. New England Republican and Naspino. Two good sites. Check them out if you haven't already. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 LOCAL MADMAN Pictured above is Scott Eizember. I don't how many people remember last year when he went on a rampage killing a 70 year old couple, attempted murder of a 16 year old boy and the beating of his grandmother. After he was captured, he then escaped from jail. Then started a 5 week search for him. He had kidnapped a couple in Arkansas and forced them to drive him to Texas. And here's where it gets good. The man he kidnapped talked him into pulling over at a rest stop. When Eizember did, the man was able to grab a gun in his van and shoot him. He assaulted the couple and stole their van. He was later captured after we went to a fast food store asking for help. He was gone by the time police arrived, but they were able to catch him from the clerks description. Why am I doing this post some may be asking themselves. Because I just wanted to show that picture that was in yesterdays paper. Look at his eyes. The man is pure evil. Reminded me of Charles Manson. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WAY TO GO MISSOURI The citizens of Missouri have stood up and said "No" to gay marriage. 71% of the people in Missouri are against gay marriage and they voted to amend the state constitution to allow only a marriage between a man and woman. But you know some activist judge who thinks he/she knows better will try to over turn this with the help of the Anti-Conservative Liberal Union. The great state of Oklahoma has a vote on this in November I believe. Can't wait for this vote. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 STEM CELL RESEARCH There's been a lot of talk about stem cell research recently. What with Ronald Reagan dying and Ron Reagan appearing at the DNC to talk about the subject. There's also talk about how Bush is against stem cell research. But that's false. He's not against stem cell research, it's embryonic stem cell research he's against. They're are two different types of stem cells. Embryonic and Somatic(Adult) stem cells. President Bush has given government funding to both. I've looked everywhere and can't find how much funding he's approved. Maybe someone reading this can find it and let us know. There's also the fact that no one knows if stem cells are even able to do the things some think they can. People are all in a tizzy thinking they could cure cancer and Alzheimers, but the truth of the matter is we don't know. I support the research of Somatic stem cells but not embryonic. If they're capable of doing what many believe, the that's awesome. I hope they can. urlLink Here's a great site to read up on stem cells. Thanks to urlLink Claudia for the idea of this post. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WICTORY WEDNESDAY It's that time again. Wictory Wednesday. I want everyone who reads this blog to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush/Cheney re-election campaign. If you would like to help George W. Bush lead this country to greater things, click the button below and find out how you too can become a part of Wictory Wednesday. See that butt load of blogs to the right labeled Wicktory Wednesday? Well, look around and you'll see them. By signing up for Wictory Wednesday, you get to have your blog added to that list. That list is posted on everyone of those sites. Just think of all the readers you could get then. urlLink BIG MEDIA COVER UP? Remember during the anti-freedom protests, news outlets made sure they got shots of signs that compared Bush to Hitler? Well, there seems to be a new sign out on the campaign trial, but Big Media have yet to get this on air or print. It's a sign that reads "Flush The Johns". These signs have been showing up all over the place. Bush speeches, Cheney speeches, Kerry speeches and Edwards speeches. How come camera men haven't gotten shots of these things? Is the Kerry loving media hoping that if less people know about these signs they'll just go away? Credit: urlLink NewsMax The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 "ARTWORK": ALL HE NEEDS IS THE POWER I was reading urlLink La Shawn's blog and she has a post up that inspired this picture. She has a quote from someone named Star Parker from urlLink Urban Cure that wrote "The Kerry-Edwards ticket is perhaps the wealthiest team to ever run for the White House. Do blacks really need these guys, with their $2,000 suits and $300 haircuts, telling them that they need government to solve all their problems, decide where and how to educate their kids and provide for their health care" It's good to see some are smart enough to not blindly follow the Democratic party like sheep. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 AL FRANKEN BACK ON TV The Al Franken Show is heading to television. The Sundance Channel, and obscure satellite and digital cable channel, will be showing a one hour version of Franken's show starting in September. They're taking the best of his three hour show and turning it into a one hour telecast. The best of his show? What are they going to do with the other 59 minutes 50 seconds? Because the best of The Al Franken Show is the part where he signs off for the day. "Sundance plans to keep the satirist on its network through the November U.S. presidential election, and possibly beyond, a spokesman for Franken said" I wonder who the Sundace Channel supports for president? I guess both parties think this will help each others ratings. Franken will get all 5 of Sundances viewers and Sundance will get both of Franken's listeners. It's a win win situation. Credit: urlLink Yahoo! News The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WOULD I DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN? You're damn right he would. During Bush's press conference this morning he started talking about WMD in Iraq. Something to the effect of "We all thought there would stockpiles of weapons. I did, the U.N. did, Clinton did, many people did. We may still find weapons." Then he reaffirmed why he's a great leader. He said "Knowing what I know now, I would done the same thing." That's why I like the man. He sticks to what he says, unlike urlLink Candidate Waffles who refuses to acknowledge that he was smart enough to make up his own mind about WMD's. He seems to want to blame Bush for his own actions. That's what children do. The president of the United States doesn't pass the blame. AS IF THEY LOVED US BEFORE According to Kerry, Bush has made the terrorists hate America even more than before. "The policies of this administration, I believe ... have resulted in an increase of animosity and anger focused on the United States of America. And the intelligence agencies of our country will tell you .... the people who are training terror, are using our actions as a means of recruitment" Well, duh. That's because he fought back. He didn't cower in the corner like Clinton did. One attack was all it took for Bush to show why we won't be bullied around. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 NEW "ARTWORK": PLAN FOR THE FUTURE To go along with urlLink this story. GAME GEEKS If you're a video game geek like me, Jake, I'm looking at you, then chances are you're wetting your pants waiting for tomorrow. After something like five years, Doom 3 is finally being released. Myself, I've been waiting for two years for this game to come out. Ever since I saw a short video clip of it from E3. This thing has been hyped to the point of it being something of a mythological game, and from what I've read it won't dissapoint. It's times like these I wish I was running something faster than a 1.7GHz Celeron and a Geforce 4 card. But my rig should run it with satisfactory results. If you'd like to see what the fuss is all about, click the links below. urlLink Two Zombies urlLink Half Monster, Half Robot urlLink Huge Monster From Hell urlLink Michael Moore Without His Facial Hair The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 WAS IT FOR HIM? I was going though some of my Pink Floyd songs yesterday that I haven't listened to in a while, and I came across one made me sit up and pay attention. Here's the lyrics to Pigs (Three Different Ones) Big man, pig man, ha ha, charade you are You well heeled big wheel, ha ha, charade you are And when your hand is on your heart You're nearly a good laugh Almost a joker With your head down in the pig bin Saying "keep on digging" Pig stain on your fat chin What do you hope to find? When you're down in the pig mine You're nearly a laugh You're nearly a laugh But you're really a cry I swear the first thing to pop into my mind was Michael Moore. Big man, pig man, ha ha, charade you are . If that's doesn't describe Moore to a tee, I don't know what does. Big pig man who's a fraud. And when your hand is on your heart You're nearly a good laugh Moore likes to make us think he's the countries biggest patriot, but he contradicts that by his actions. With your head down in the pig bin Saying "keep on digging" Pig stain on your fat chin What do you hope to find? When you're down in the pig mine He'll dig anywhere, well, he'll have people dig for him, to find something to use in his movies. And when he can't find what he wants, he makes it up. You're nearly a laugh You're nearly a laugh But you're really a cry He is almost funny, if he wasn't such a threat to the American people. His lies are treated as truth and that in turn puts us in danger to extremists who hate us. If I didn't know this song wasn't written in '77 before Moore became known I'd swear it was written about him. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 BIRTHDAY LIST Well, my birthday's coming up the 23rd of this month. And as promised, here's my wish list. urlLink Photoshop Elements 2.0 . Photoshop CS has too much stuff for me. It would be a waste of money. 2004 Mustang GT urlLink Alienware Area-51 ALX . Just click Retrieve Saved Configuration and enter this, cgreen2379@yahoo.com-638220 , to see the one I made. It's all ready to order. Not too much stuff. I'm expecting all these things on my doorstep no later than the 20th. Get to shopping. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

 THANK YOU This post is dedicated to the men and woman who have served and are serving in the United States military. I've never been in the armed forces, so I don't even pretend to know everything you go through or the sacrifices you have made or are making. But I just wanted to let you know that you have people back home who love, support and respect you and who wish you a safe and speedy return. You sacrifice everything in your lives for people you don't even know. You may not call yourselves heroes, but that's what you are. The first of every month, I'll post this message. This is something that would be great to see take off. It would be nice to see people honor and thank the men and woman who keep us safe. What's great about this is that both Democrats and Republicans can participate. If you would like to take part in this, just copy the bug above and save to your host site. If you don't have one, urlLink Photobucket has a great free host site. Show your support for the men and woman who defend our freedoms. The Only Thing Necessary For Evil To Triumph Is For Good Men To Do Nothing

