 JLS, hopefully this is not a situation you'll be in - but fair warning: "After upgrading to Mac OS X 10.3, better known as Panther, they [Mac users] are finding external FireWire drives are no longer recognized by the host machine. In many cases, all the data the drive stores are also gone. The glitch is particularly troubling because many Mac users backed up their files to an external FireWire drive before installing the Panther upgrade. In some cases, the glitch erased files on the main machine and the external backup. " read the full article urlLink here .

 there's just so many summers babe and just so many springs.

 spooky day!

 an article about the urlLink Urban Light Works , an art "happening" being held downtown on halloween night (and the following night) at the canal basin. i'm more intrigued by it now; sounds like they've expanded it from last year.

 I read the rest of them too. I never had an Atari to know about the suckiness that was apparently ET. Space Invaders was ok, Galaxian was better, but Galaga rules. And don't get me going on their reaction to Mario. Those little punks need to be taught how to respect their elders. What was the crack about all the developers of Space Invaders being dead?

 I had the same though when I read it.

 That sounds awfully close to Galaxy Quest. Which was also probably done before, in some story somewhere. So I guess it doesn't matter. But still. Regardless, I guess this is what happens when there are no out-of-work-actor guest-star shows like Murder She Wrote on the air.

 Something from a former B5 actor...... urlLink http://www.baen.com/blurbs/0671877887.htm

 The reactions to the other games were hilarious, too. Don't neglect to continue to the other pages.

 How dare those kids make fun of Pong. They should be bowing down and worshipping at the altar of Pong for what it lead to. Now excuse me youngsters, it's time for my prune juice and afternoon nap.

 For those looking for something intense: the Scream Forest way out on Staples Mill is quite disturbing. They really went all out. Carnival games, bonfire, wagon ride to the trail, lots of lights and effects in the woods. I was scared. Recommend thinking twice about entering the house at the end -- in the middle it is pitch black in an enclosed space with no reference point, and if you're prone to claustrophobia or are afraid of buried alive, etc., take the "Chicken Trail" that goes around it. I would not recommend the attraction to anyone under 8 years old. Includes graphic stuff, like an automated body, bag over its head, moaning and writhing from where it is suspended by its feet in the trees.

 that was urlLink then

 You do? Jesus, that's probably what's making you kill people... I wondered how you spent your Tuesday nights when I wasn't around...and that would explain the smell of blood in the house... I liked dating about 56% of the time when I was dating...I really loved the newness when it was good...I hated the awkwardness when it was bad. Glad I met my soulmate when I did, because I was biologically getting really tired of field playing. Nesting instincts starting to kick in and all that...

 Every third Tuesday I watch 4 hours of WB sitcoms as penance. It seems a fair trade.

 oh man, i thought you had finally stopped being psychotic, harmony. i thought the bodies would stop piling up, the screams of horror would end - but it never will , my fiend?

 My reward in dating was always the sweet sound of the screams when -- oh -- sorry. I...er...now this is awkward...look, nachos!

 not saying, of course, that marriage is bad - it's not when the right people get married - but the consequences and rewards are much higher in marriage than in dating.

 i think you are either dating someone or married - each term has its own definition and connotations. if i tell you, hi, here's billy bob, my date for the evening- you are thinking, well billy bob sucks but she still has a chance to get out of it. if i tell you, here's billy bob, my husband - you are thinking, well she's fucked. big difference.

 Yes, but then when you go home after the date, well...there they are.

 Well, you could practice both at the same time...... Provided that the one you are dating is the one you are married to as well.

 I enjoy both dating and being married. Though I do not recommend practicing both concurrently.

 Dating, huh? Well.... I had some spectacularly boring dates with self-involved actors earlier this summer. I was recently abandoned by a drunk first date (thank goodness). But I've also had some positive experiences. I'd say that dating is both what you make it and always an adventure. And as someone who has been on both sides of single & married, I'd have to say that I'm currently enjoying the dating gambit. If you ask me again in six months I may change my mind.... In other news, the New York Times' Ben Brantley has re-reviewed "Nine: the Musical." If you're a subscriber, go to: http://www.nytimes.com/2003/10/29/arts/theater/29NINE.html It seems that we'll be open through at least January; it's a rave. Thankfully.

 hey neal, it's not that i don't think about you - ben and i make sure to gossip about each and every member of hand of shiva and road to glory. :) it's just that you so rarely POST that i forget who's on this damn blogger. and yes, jason never posts but he's like a phantasmagoria you can't forget - a spectre who haunts your nights and darkens your doors - a vampire who loves peanut butter and jelly sandwiches - that is jason haley. and of course because of some stupid thing that ben did i can't see the list of who's on the blogger now. i really liked that list too. damn ben.

 The other person? I know I am fairly silent, but to be forgotten? Shame on you! ;-) Then again that is perhaps my problem..... I do not make enough impression on a person. Don't know if dating is like swimming through a black abyss. I have comapred it to the the Every Flavor Jelly bean in the Harry Potter book. Don't know what you will end up with and you can get one that leaves a bad taste. I had few like that.

 i just had a single friend tell me that trying to date is like swimming in some giant black abyss. i haven't really had a lot of single time in my life - when i was, it was for the most part by choice, (not meaning i was the dumper but once i had been dumped i wanted to stay single or blah, blah,) but is it really that horrible? let's hear from our single bloggers! like jennifer and jason and the other person!

 woo hoo eva! sounds like fun.

 check this out! this guy draws pictures to represent sentences that people send him... urlLink explodingdog.com thanks for the news, sis! love from the mainland to you. happy birthday tree!

 Jesus...I'm in a bed and breakfast in Dublin and I can't sleep to save my life! I've got a 6am flight to Edinburgh, thanks to Nick. Ireland and Scotland have been really fucking awesome, but in the tradition of all of my vacations, I drank way too damn much. I think I'm going to need a few weeks of detoxing after this one. The weather has been atrocious. While we were in Edinburgh last week, it was raining so hard that our umbrella snapped in half. As Nick said, you kind of understand why the Scots are so surly when God personally tells you to fuck off. It was like he was saying, "Go home Mary Poppins!" Dublin is a fairly unattractive city, but the people here are amazing cool. It's the first place in Europe that I've been to where the majority of people actually liked Americans, with the exception of the "fat ones who come here and wear green." We went to the Guiness brewery and out on a pub crawl. Nick has been doing gigs almost every night, so we've spent a lot of time hanging out with Irish comics. The people love him here. These are some of the best gigs that I've seen him do. So yeah...I'm going to go back to the room and attempt to get an hour of sleep in.

 blogger=no people

 job=boring

 Daredevil will take care of it.

 can you see george w. giving this woman clemency? do you think he cares about the poor, the disenfranchised? quote from an urlLink interview with dorothy gaines: WOL: What have you learned from your experience? Gaines: Heh. I learned that when you're poor, you don't get the legal defense you need. Look at all those poor people like me in prison, you don't see too many rich ones. I couldn't afford a lawyer. If I had those Choate, Hall & Stewart people at the beginning, I wouldn't even have gone to prison. And I learned how many people there are like me. Wouldn't hurt anybody, didn't hurt anybody, and people are spending their lives behind bars. There's no justice. But I also learned about my own strength. There are so many people who go to prison and give up, they say "you can't beat the feds." But I say "fight every day," and that's what I did. Every day, I wrote somebody about my case. Sometimes you get weary, but you never give up. After all, I wasn't there to learn how to crochet. also go to urlLink This American Life and find the story under 1999 - sentencing -

 urlLink ben's halloween costume: http://www.salon.com/comics/tomo/2003/10/27/tomo/index1.html

 yay angie wedding dress!

 urlLink black hole sun, won't you come and wash away the rain

 i started to smoke because i stopped caring about myself: what i ate, whether i exercised, whether i cultivated my own intellectual interests, etc. thanks for the advice pumpkinhead

 one of the numerous reasons why i urlLink despise george w. bush: http://www.mollyivins.com/showArticle.asp?ArticleID=1462

 Yelahneb - Translating a text is like hiking Yellowstone. Someone has already been there, but the work it takes to get there yourself, and to see the result with your own unique eyes, is the true reason to go. Otherwise, one would be content looking at films, photographs, and reading accounts of what others have seen.

 Gotta address the reason for the quitting to stick. Figure out what you're medicating, and find something larger than yourself to hope or work toward. It's never easy; there is no cure for addiction, only a lifetime of vigilance.

 i starting smoking again and i feel like poop. i'll try to quit while i'm still early in the process.

 10. Fuzzy Dice 9. Caress of Steel 8. The Kings Price 7. If It Was Up Your Ass Youd Know 6. Buttocks 5. Access This 4. Swaying Silver Birches 3. Catwalk 2. Flakes on Weed 1. Leftovers

 help needed: Ben (Karl) and I (Maggie) will be starting our cable access show again soon! the problem is that we don't really have a good name for the program - before we were it calling the karl and maggie show - not too original. it's going to be a liberal biased socio-political show. we will be taking the issues seriously and plan to cover local, state, and national issues. any suggestions?

 Castillion was rescued during the collapse by unnamed friends, and is now alive and well in the Ethereal. The party talked with him in the office of Din Dal Kut, who resides on a splinter plane. It seems that when Thulos took Terranel, the "local group" of the multiverse was torn away with it, and all exist as a miniature multiverse in the in-between-place. A side result of this occurence is that, according to Castillion, the dead have nowhere to go, and have been gathering at an unknown city for millenia. Castillion is now dedicated to renewing contact with the gods, if possible. He has recommened that the party join forces with the Harpers, a secret society formed by the last Elven bard at the very end of the Great Retreat. Upon seeing Calleum and the banner of Heironeous in a magical viewing painting/frame on Din Dal Kut's office wall, Burne leapt to join his mentor, and was last seen in a battle in Rashemen, one of the lands that borders the Far East. The act broke the portal, and the party was unable to follow. Also, Castillon is Ian's father. Having reached the end of the original journey, Ian and Gregory are beginning to question if they should continue, or return to Tilverton to tell of Castillion's demise -- which was Castillion's request, as the truth would be too difficult to understand. Players have the option of sending their character off to do something long-term, and create and play a new character. The world stage has expanded wide enough to accomodate such. Once the false murder rap is resolved, the party may see the Breaking of the original Fellowship -- but the beginning of a much larger, world-spanning epic.

 I'd post this on the RTG Blog, but I can't post there. Could someone either post or e-mail me the resolution to the Catillian situation? As the original hook of our adventure, I'm kind of curious. Thanks.

 yes, i'll admit it - sometimes i get songs stuck in my head so i use this forum to get them out. i also use this forum to get out demons, stains, and houseguests.

 it's 4 oclock in the morning damnit listen to me good i'm sleeping with myself tonight safe and tired thank god my music's still alive sugar bear

 urlLink that's johnathan on the right

 yeah, i'm over it now. i've got the ghetto out.

 I suspect she could lose her job and maybe suffer some sort of legal action if she didn't follow the rules as written. But I understand your frustration.

 fucking bitches at the fucking va credit union. went there to get something notorized. i've been a customer there for 2 years, have a debit card there, had my ss card, 2 picture ids, but no drivers license - i lost it about 4 months ago. and the fucking bitch there wouldn't notorize it because i didn't have the proper id. fucking ho.

 ben - i've heard my email is down - either write me at mirmaddux@netscape.net or tell me here - noon on thursday good for you?

 In response, I should stress again that the appeal of iPod and iTunes is in the device and the application -- the store is irrelevant to me. Others may feel differently.

 urlLink Microsoft monopoly says Apple monopoly is too restrictive

 A job heading from Monster: **NOT JUST A JOB...YOUR FINAL CAREER**

 i liked the cookie story.

 urlLink not exactly "law and order"

 my job: currently i'm reviewing an article titled: Why Do I Have Gas?

 i'm your father, i'm your father

 actually, it doesn't say there's a new strong bad email - it just says 'strong bad email', as a quick link to one of the more popular features of the site. there is a new toon, though - another marshmellow cartoon that may amuse.

 i am so sick of homestarrunner - they claim they have new strong bad email but do they? nnoooooooo. i feel so cheap and used.

 Cabin fever, baby

 what you and the elk do in the privacy of your cabin is your business, my friend.

 Not ravished by an elk? How disappointing. Regardless, I will give Logan your regards.

 how about this: i figure the possibility of you and yours being killed by terrorism at pretty much next to nothing. i see you living a long life in the snowy wilds of northern canada. you will be mauled by a moose.

 Not very reassuring, but thanks for responding. ;-)

 i heard a bit about this story - was this kid at any point a threat to anyone? did he have the box cutter for a reason? does anybody really believe that the passengers/flight attendants wouldn't beat the hell out of anyone who threatened them with a box cutter? it seems to be that safety is not insured by constant surveillance and encroachment of civil liberties and common sense but rather by public policy which promotes equality and fairness among peoples and countries. no matter how many middle eastern countries we bomb into oblivion (iran seems next) we cannot make them agree with western philosophy, capitalism, christianity, or as the u.s. government is claiming, democracy. and also didn't bush say during the presidential election that he did not want us to be nation-builders -i suppose he was correct - we destroy afghanistan and then we leave it to rot - we go to war against iraq and then have no follow-up plan - we are not nation builders - we are nation destroyers - the bullies of the world.

 So -- we now occupy Iraq, yet a kid can slip box cutters onto an airplane. Can someone reassure me that we're safer now than we were two years ago?

 See RTG blog for reply.

 i'm sorry - i sent out a group email on friday saying i wasn't going to be there. it wasn't returned so i assumed everyone got it. no one knew i wasn't going to be there? well now i feel poopy.

 me not know you not be at game until game happening

 me had good day but miss game.

 i am your humble servant eva.

 Instructions for a search engine, found online; somehow this struck me as really funny... Tip: Separate unrelated proper names with a comma. Example: Bill Gates, Steve Jobs

 Hey John! It's weird to hear that you didn't think that people in the UK care about US politics. The article that Ben put up was from the Independent and it is one of the most reputable and widespread newpapers here. That story was on the front page. People in Europe generally know more about US politics than Americans do, since our decisions seem to greatly affect them. People here are terrified that George Bush is going to get elected again and when they hear things like that story, they get even more nervous. They blame Bush for dragging them into a war that they don't want to be in. The protest against the invasion of Iraq in London last February was the largest public demonstration that has ever occured in England. Tony Blair completely ignored the consensus of the people, which led to his lovely nickname, 'Bush's Bitch'. Due to Blair's alliance with the US concerning the occupation of Iraq, the Labour party might lose its power in the up-coming elections. The Liberal Democrats have already gained alot of seats in Parliment and polls show that they will most likely gain many more. America is a super power and right now Bush's shitty foreign diplomacy skills have angered people all over the world and caused them to rally against us. Now the papers are saying that the US is giving Iran a deadline to prove that it doesn't have nuclear weapons. Sound familiar? That worked so well last time. How that hell can you prove that you don't have something? Any way, the majority of people here are intensely hoping that Bush will get voted out soon. English media is typically very well researched. The newspapers here were the first to release reports on the how Bush stole the Florida election. Okay...just realized that I'm rambling, so I'm going to stop myself there. On to fun things. Nick, my boy here, is coming to the US for Christmas! Yay. Isn't that exciting? He might be performing at that new comedy club in Richmond, but his agent is still working that out. Miriam, hope you realize that you're hanging out with me when I get home, cause you have to meet him. Okay. That's all.

 yep, mir = rocktober.

 ooyeah/Happy Roctober = Miriam? Anyway, just got back from my world domination meeting.....err, company staff meeting. The thermal imaging thing is basically a double check to make sure that there are not more votes recorded on the computer's memory card than were actually cast. It does it by having heat sensors that detect the heat from your fingers as you touch the screen. The problem that I don't understand is how do you keep that number from being messed with? Then again, I am not a computer software exper. As for Franken, I ignore him just as I do Bill O'Reilly. Thinking about, the reason they hate each other so much is that they are just alike except for the extreme opposition of their political views. As for Rush, I am currently in a phase of not listening to him, but it will be interesting to see what happens when he comes back from rehab. Never having had back problems (knocking on every piece of wood I can find), I can't imagine the pain that people must go through to become addicted to Oxicontin.

 take that back! oven mitts are nice creatures. they love us.

 You know what else is reprehensible? Oven mitts.

 john, you are so funny. :) even though i don't completely understand what you meant about the raw data and the thermal imaging - science and such is not my thing so if someone could explain that for the scientifically illiterate, i would appreciate it. and for all of you people out there who hate the left, you'll be pleased to know that ben and i should be starting up our show again sometime in the next few months! and one of our main objectives of this program is to get whomever is running against bush elected. i mean we just hate bush. anyway, not all conservatives are bad - heck, my parents are republicans. and i do feel very sorry for rush - it's horrible for him and his family that he would have such a awful addiction. i do dislike al franken more after hearing reports of what he said. if he disagrees with rush on ideas, policy, etc, that is one thing but to celebrate when another fellow human being is suffering is reprehensible.

 Ben - Honestly I did not read the entire article. When I started seeing where it was going with the tone of it being a Republican/republican conspiracy AND saw that I was maybe a third of the way through, I did stop reading. I tried to be clear that I was not attcking Ben Haley directly with my thoughts on the response to the 2000 elections by saying the collective you. I used your name just to make sure you saw it, since you posted the original article. I apolgize for the force of my reposne, but it set me off yesterday. I get a little tired of the "corporations are evil" and "corporations have the Republicans in their pockets" attitudes. Assuming for a moment that the second is true (which I do not agree with since most corporations grease the palms of just about any politician, regardless of party affiliation, to make sure they have access to power brokers), a corporation is going to do what it can to make sure it stays profitable. To assist with that, they need to be able to influence politicians. It is generally easier to influence someone to you point of view if they are already close to it to begin with. Conservitives tend to favor less taxes and less government than liberals. This fact automatically puts the corporations more towards the conservatives. The voting machines/software/hardware have to be made by someone. The entities that can most easily do it are corporations. Let's say for a second that a bunch of hackers got together and made some apparently good software. Should the software be mistrusted because the hackers tend to be less concerned with laws of society? Not if it works. Now, the whole restriction on who can review the raw data, uh-uh, that is bogus. I can see making the non-corporate personnel signing a non-disclosure agreement about whatever they see in the guts of the machine, but the integrity of the system has to come first. And not using the full capabilities of the software (thermal imaging to keep track of what part of the screen was touched), why bother having it if you are not going to use it. My main umbrage was the implied tone of the article that Republicans are pulling all these strings behind the scenes and that we are all evil bastards complicit in the grand conspiracy to make sure we are in control. I initially thought you sneaked a Salon.com article by me. I was a little shocked to see that someone in the UK would be that interested in our politics. Again, Ben, I apologize if you thought my response was directly aimed at you. I can see why you would think that (since I did use your name in my first sentence), but it really was not. Now, if you will please excuse me while I attend my weekly strategy meeting for keeping the masses under control....

 The truth of the matter is, moths are not from our world: among their kind there are tales of a faraway place of happiness and belonging -- a home to which they can return only through a legendary portal that hides deep within the center of flame. None may know which flame holds the gateway; but that does not deter many moth-dreamers who plunge bravely into flame after flame, hoping that this light will not bring scorching heat and painful death, but instant passage to a land of eternal dusk filled with tiny flittering wings and a million joyful hearts.

 the moth don't care if the flame is real.

 then i must admit that we are all very sexy people - good for us!

 Who says you woke up?

 i had a dream that i bought a red bridesmaid dress for angie and johnathan's wedding. it was sexy but i was very embarassed by the snafu.

 iTunes and iPod work together to make a powerful, seamless, elegant music management system. As for the store, I've visited it only once. However, if it occurs to me to get a song, I would rather pay .99 for it than download it for free. I've just never felt comfortable getting free music. Can't explain why. Regardless, I love both the app and the device. The store is for me only a side item.

 In other news: Apple launches iTunes for Windows. Visit apple.com for details. ok, i'll bite - is anyone else in this group planning to buy songs from the apple site rather than just continue to download them for free from the p2p networks? c'mon, i know all of you have stolen your share of mp3s at this point; why stop now? the only users getting targetted by the RIAA are the ones sharing out the huge catalogs of songs. as innovative as this apple thing may appear, i'm hoping it's just a beta test for what's to come; namely: artists over the next few years allowing their contracts with the record companies to run out, and then start selling their music directly to the net from their own sites. now, *that's* the sort of music i would pay for - my $ would go straight to the band, not some musical megacorp that pushes us to buy overpriced crap product designed to appeal to the lowest common denominator.

 God's Chosen Few, urlLink a-one and urlLink a-two

 Are they already smoking out back, shooting sullen glances your way?

 man, i got me some cheesecake to get rid of. i've got 6 pieces left and they're going to go bad by sunday.

 oh, okay, you're talking about sting. yeah, i agree with you. definitely.

 i'm starting to feel slow - spell it out for me pump.

 something new ben? but what does it mean?

 urlLink Acquired Situational Narcissism

 back now.

 I was counting my blessings as I chowed down this year's Thanksgiving feast and I enumerated my friends here among them. Freaks. *shrug*

 that's DUMBASTERISK, not asterisk. Earthling. *shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug* oh no, not again! *shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug*shrug* shoulders... hurting... from... repeated... indications... of... ambivalence!

 Headline of the day: "Space station crew hears crunching noise"

 That's an ASTERISK, not an apostrophe. Dumbass.

 *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* HELP! I CAN'T STOP TYPING THE WORD 'SHRUG' WITH AN APOSTROPHE AT EACH END! *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* *SHRUG* oh, wait. yes i can.

 urlLink emancipation for secondary hard drives!

 Seen on a discussion board: MICROSOFT: Where do you want to go today? APPLE: Where do you want to go tomorrow? LINUX: Are you coming or what?

 Have at you, dead horse: yelahneb -- if the iPod topic interests you, click urlLink here for an ongoing discussion board. There is a link below the news item (as of this posting it read "74 comments) -- several pages of discussion. I use it mainly at work or connected to a stereo at home, so it's usually plugged into an outlet anyway. So as a user I may not be comparable to the campus-roaming users who rely on the battery daily for months on end.

 JLS: no you don't. you hate your iPod, and when the battery dies, so dies all hope. shrug all you wish; it will not save you.

 don't worry about yel, harmony, he's been pretty grouchy lately.

 From The Washington Post: Last year, China supplied 96 percent of the 10.7 tons of hair imported by the U.S.

 Recent sidebar: The winner of a recent drinking contest in Russia downed three half-liter bottles of vodka in a half hour. He was sent home by taxi and died. Five runners-up landed in the emergency room.

 *shrugs* Mine works fine every day. Love it. Should the battery die, I'll pop off the back and install a new one.

 All batteries eventually die. The iPod battery is quite replaceable; various vendors are available online. You can do it yourself, or Apple can do it for you. Battery life, of course, depends on individual use. Owners of the original generation of iPods are doing fine on the boards. i just got off the phone with a representative at Apple. here's the story: up until literally a week ago (!), anyone whose internal iPod battery died had to pay (at the very least) $250.00 to have the unit serviced, regardless of what was wrong with it; which, of course, is almost as much as buying a new one (they run about 3, 4 and 5 hundred dollars each, depending on the GB). as you might have guessed, consumers weren't too happy with the cost, so Apple finally relented (as i said, just about 7 days ago), and began offering a "battery exchange program" for those whose iPod batteries died. the cost of this service is $99.00, plus shipping and handling . to have your battery replaced, you are required to mail your iPod back to the company , and they may send a replacement unit back instead of your original, depending on their workload. the nationwide Apple stores cannot replace your battery, and according to the company, neither can the owner; the internal battery is not being offered for individual sale by Apple. a second option is to purchase Apple's "iPod Protection Plan" for $59.00 . this will cover battery replacement for up to 2 years, but you must still send the iPod back to Apple for the same aforementioned service. after the 2 years of the plan are up, you're back to the $99.00 charge for battery replacement. despite the company's assertions to the contrary, however, there is a non-Apple site that you can buy a replacement iPod internal battery from: urlLink iPodbattery.com , for about $50 apiece. they even include online instructions on how to install it, for the urlLink old and urlLink new models. average life span of the iPod's internal battery, according to Apple: 1 year with heavy use, 2 years with light use. it's a brilliant marketing scheme; charge the consumer 3 to 5 hundred dollars for your initial product, and then another hundred bucks every 1-2 years after to keep it running. i gotta admire them for their chutzpah at the very least, especially with the competition undercutting them by about 50 bucks. perhaps they figure that the average consumer either won't know any better, or will be unwilling to install the battery themselves...?

 I thought Nick's post was clear and well stated. As for my agreement regarding his take on the protest -- well, yes, I agree it was his take, since it was his protest, not mine, and those were his reasons. They seemed valid grievances to me. I don't really have a response to his suggestions, except they sounded like valid options for debate. And yes, there certainly are many things that can be done now -- that was my point. I was just wondering what others thought those should be, as most of what I hear in various media amounts to complaints rather than solutions. As for handing Iraq over to the UN -- sounds to me like a swift Islamic Fundamentalist state in the making. Which is what it wants to be, anyway. All choices being equal, an uninformed populace will take the path of least resistance. Either the UN's bureaucratic incompetence will set up a fast-track to that result, or the US will spend lots of money, resources, time, and lives on delaying it as long as possible. The choice, in my layman's opinion, seems not in the destination, which appears predetermined to me, but rather in the journey that gets us there. Note that I do not consider this fate permanent. It is merely this generation's path of least resistance. Revolutionary change takes generations to ripen. Until then, a populace will suffer any inhumanity in exchange for bread on the shelves and trains that run on time.

 All batteries eventually die. The iPod battery is quite replaceable; various vendors are available online. You can do it yourself, or Apple can do it for you. Battery life, of course, depends on individual use. Owners of the original generation of iPods are doing fine on the boards.

 this just in: the iPod's unreplaceable battery only lasts urlLink 18 months . see the link for some adbusters lettin' the people know... [UPDATE]- see more recent post, which addresses this issue; they are indeed replaceable, but at a cost...

 JLS: in regards to the protests against Bush's visit to England, you said: "A shame that 200,000 people organized themselves only to express anger. Such honest effort and energy expended to no end other than brief catharsis." Nick responded to your conclusions. What did you think of his response? Do you agree with his take on the protest? OK, on to the 'Bush unwelcome'. I take the point that a Stop the War protest seems a little pointless about a war that's over, but a) it's not like we were protesting the Boer War or something; there's still shooting and air bombardment going on in Iraq; and b) that wasn't the point of the march anyway. It was from all kind of angles, but all focusing on Bush and the fact that the 200,000+ people there didn't want to be counted amongst a 'silent majority' welcoming him to Britain and, by extension, tacitly approving his various charming exploits, from Iraq through the clamp-down on civil liberties in the US to 'missile defense', the Kyoto protocol, his stance on the ICC (the International Criminal Court, not the online chess site), illegal holding of prisoners, including British citizens, at Guantanamo Bay and the little fact of his having seized power in the world's most powerful country and our most important ally, with a flagrant disregard for democracy. It was also a protest against Blair's offering up our country as 'the mother of all photo-ops' (not my phrase - comes from the ex-Foreign Secretary) to the incumbent during his re-election year. As the head of the Labour Party, it seems pretty perverse of our Prime Minister to grant such a PR boost to a pretty extreme Republican administration. You also said: "I will repeat the question: What should be done *now*? Nick responded to this as well: he addressed concerns that people have from many countries, including the US, in regards to Bush's policies in Iraq; it is safe to say that any or all of these issues could and should be addressed immediately. What is your response to this? Beyond his list, aren't there a great many other things that can be done now, from changing our tactics in Iraq to overhauling our foreign policy in the middle east overall? "Oh, yeah, and what to do about Iraq? Immediate moratorium on any contracts to multinational companies based in any of the invading powers, hand over control to the Arab League with a UN Resolution pledging aid to the restoration of democracy, and invaders to end occupation ASAP. But I'm just speaking off the top of my head." Also, your posts regarding different "what do i do with this flag?" scenarios were clever and hilarious; it helped point out the absurdity of the whole notion that you can make it illegal to burn or otherwise destroy a symbol, which by its very definition cannot truly be destroyed anyway. Because IT'S A SYMBOL, damnit, NOT the tangible thing that it represents!

 harmony, are we having a game this sunday?

 And now, a little bit of urlLink this and a little bit of urlLink that

 My point is not that the Ten Commandments are old, but rather that they were traditionally authored by Yahweh, the god of the Hebrews in the Old Testament, and to refer to them as a starting point in our legal theory is to make inseperable our society's laws and the aforementioned deity. Such a link would be quite alarming to citizens who do not worship that particular god. Unlike many other countries, America is not a nation of culture, religion, or kin. It is a land of immigrants, regardless of who got here first. Any attempt to establish a connection to a single, unifying religious tradition immediately excludes hundreds, perhaps thousands, of others, and immediately weakens what I consider one of my country's strengths. The history of human thought is rich and vast, and is more than capable of providing all the justification necessary to hold a society, or a nation, together. I see no need to choose one artifact from one religion to serve as a back-up for already existing laws. It is every family's right to display that artifact -- any artifact -- in its own home, or, alternatively, in any private gathering place. Such an artifact can inspire as much or as little thought or dialogue as the private individual sees fit. But to place it in a government courthouse suggests, to me, that our laws and the god of the Old Testament are inexorably connected. And I just can't find a compelling historical, philosophical, or, for that matter, religious reason that it must be so. Note: My argument is focusing on the suggested *connection*; I do not feel the judge in question was directly prohibiting the exercise of any particular religion. Though I doubt he'd mind very much.

 Nick - I'm not ignoring your post or your points, but I need sometime to make sure that my response is a cogent as your post. I don't agree with much of it, but it was a very good post. Time to get back to the grindstone.

 Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. My non-legal interpretation It says Congress can't do it. Somewhere along the way that got put on the states as well (note that I am not proposing that states should be allowed to). Displaying an item in a public place is not making a law. Keep in mind that the writer's of the Bill of Rights had fresh memory of English rule where the Anglican Church was the government endorsed religion. I don't know what, if any, penalties were involved with practicing a different type of Christianity (or judaism or even worse, considering the English history with the Crusades, islam) or being an atheist. Perhaps Nick could shed some light on it? The part that always seems to be forgotten is where is says "or prohibiting the free excercise thereof." Going down the path we are heading, churches on major thoroughfares may not be allowed to display their crosses or Christmas nativities because it can be seen from a public street and might be interpreted as the government endorsing a religion by having a road travel right by the church? Ridiculous? Yes. But stranger things have happened - remember the woman who spilled hot coffee on herself and won millions of dollars from McDonald's in a lawsuit? Once the courts get involved, just about anything can happen.

 I was pretty sure that you were, but I wanted to see what was written about the subject. I was surprised to see that we had a US Flag Code as part of the actual US Code of Laws. Note that all of those items are shoulds not musts or wills .

 Johnathan - In one of your responses concerning the Ten Commandements, you stated (correctly) that you are not a 13th century BCE Hebrew, implying to me that you did not think that something proposed 3,300 years ago has no place in today's society because we have changed over time. I submit to you that we are not 4th century BCE Greeks, therefore the notion of the Republican form of government proposed by Plato (or at least written about by Plato) has no place in today's society. I may have my information incorrect on Plato, as I don't remember much ancient history, but the specifics are not that important to my point. Just because a concept is old does not mean it does not have modern relevance. Where do you draw the line? 3,000 years - there goes the Ten Commandments 2,000 years - there goes the Republican form of government 1,000 years - there goes the Magna Carta 500 years - I can't think of anything except for the discovery the New World. 200 years - there goes the US Constitution 100 years - there go workers/consumers rights (labor unions / Sherman Anti-Trust laws)

 Thanks for the post. I was indeed jesting, but was curious regardless. I found this part fascinating: "The flag represents a living country and is itself considered a living thing."

 Does anyone know if the actor Steven Culp is the son of Robert Culp? He currently has three recurring roles on three different shows on three different networks (Clayton Webb on JAG; the Speaker of the House on the West Wing; the MACO major on Enterprise). I have seen him various parts over the past few years, but I am beginning to notice that he looks a little like Robert Culp.

 In somewhat of an answer to your question Johnathan (in case it was a serious question) 176. Respect for flag No disrespect should be shown to the flag of the United States of America; the flag should not be dipped to any person or thing. Regimental colors, State flags, and organization or institutional flags are to be dipped as a mark of honor. (a) The flag should never be displayed with the union down, except as a signal of dire distress in instances of extreme danger to life or property. (b) The flag should never touch anything beneath it, such as the ground, the floor, water, or merchandise. (c) The flag should never be carried flat or horizontally, but always aloft and free. (d) The flag should never be used as wearing apparel, bedding, or drapery. It should never be festooned, drawn back, nor up, in folds, but always allowed to fall free. Bunting of blue, white, and red, always arranged with the blue above, the white in the middle, and the red below, should be used for covering a speaker's desk, draping the front of the platform, and for decoration in general. (e) The flag should never be fastened, displayed, used, or stored in such a manner as to permit it to be easily torn, soiled, or damaged in any way. (f) The flag should never be used as a covering for a ceiling. (g) The flag should never have placed upon it, nor on any part of it, nor attached to it any mark, insignia, letter, word, figure, design, picture, or drawing of any nature. (h) The flag should never be used as a receptacle for receiving, holding, carrying, or delivering anything. (i) The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever. It should not be embroidered on such articles as cushions or handkerchiefs and the like, printed or otherwise impressed on paper napkins or boxes or anything that is designed for temporary use and discard. Advertising signs should not be fastened to a staff or halyard from which the flag is flown. (j) No part of the flag should ever be used as a costume or athletic uniform. However, a flag patch may be affixed to the uniform of military personnel, firemen, policemen, and members of patriotic organizations. The flag represents a living country and is itself considered a living thing. Therefore, the lapel flag pin being a replica, should be worn on the left lapel near the heart. (k) The flag, when it is in such condition that it is no longer a fitting emblem for display, should be destroyed in a dignified way, preferably by burning I do not think the Code has been modified to account for stickers and magnets. Note that the prefered way is through burning, just not in protest. I know that many VFW and Foreign Legion Posts hold ceremnonies each year to dispose of flags and that these do involve burning the flag during a somber ceremony.

 Self observation: How curious, that when I am talking with my fellow citizens, I tend to doubt key elements of my government's foreign policy; yet when I encounter someone from another country who voices similar opinions, I bristle, and feel compelled to defend it. Regardless, thanks for sharing.

 Then Santa will come, after all? God bless us, every one!

 nick - you sound like a very intelligent guy - nice to have that represented on the blog. :) and i want you to know, i know of plenty of people, some of whom are on this blog, who enjoy gay sex in virginia multiple times a week, so don't worry about coming over to ole virginie. we like dem foreigny accents. heh heh.

 I liked the idea of that as an offence - maybe that could've been a way out of being burned as a witch. As a non-American blogger I've been a little reluctant to get involved in some of these discussions, particularly the bits about flags, but since I started it (the subject, not the flag-burning) I suppose I'd better say something. Firstly, I think that the idea of having a law against flag-burning is completely nuts. The moment you start according a symbol - any symbol - that kind of automatic reverence and protection, you've taken a small but important step towards totalitarianism. Symbols are kind of fickle - they don't a priori represent anything in themselves; it's what they are perceived as meaning or made to represent that's important. The flag may represent freedom to you, but that doesn't mean freedom is affected by burning it, any more than terror, torture, coersion and death vanish when it's burned by someone to whom it represents those things. It follows that you can't just argue against flag-burning by ascribing some meaning to the flag and saying that the flag-burner must dissapprove of this meaning. " by doing so [burning the flag], they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead. The lifestyle that allows them to burn the flag without being arrested or shot ." Couldn't they be saying just about anything about the US? Maybe they don't like the choice of milkshakes available there. It's a little unfair to assume that it's the positive things they don't like. And if they're really free to do it, why does taking advantage of that freedom in fact imply any protest at all? By that logic, having gay sex is a protest against a country that grants the freedom to indulge in it. I'm sure no-one would say, "by having gay sex, they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead - the lifestyle that allows them to have gay sex without being arrested or shot." (This might be a bad example to anyone reading in Georgia*) That said, I think there are tactical reasons, as a protestor, to avoid burning flags - be they the Stars'n'Stripes, the Union Jack, the Tricolore or the Star of David - unless you're a citizen of the country that flag represents. Unless your point really is 'I hate all Americans/British/French/Jews', in any of which cases I'd really rather not be marching alongside you, that's the message you're going to put across to people in that country. I was pleased to note, on the march against Bush, that almost every banner and speaker was careful to differentiate between GWB and the population he claims to represent. I would have felt uncomfortable if someone had burned an American flag, because of the indiscriminate message that would put across to people watching in the US (Yeah, like it made the headlines). I have zero sentimental or political attachment to my country's flag, but I still feel if I see it burned overseas that I probably wouldn't be welcome at that particular party (unless it's one of those 'Hindus For The Abolition of Primary Colors' demonstrations - those guys are alright). OK, on to the 'Bush unwelcome'. I take the point that a Stop the War protest seems a little pointless about a war that's over, but a) it's not like we were protesting the Boer War or something; there's still shooting and air bombardment going on in Iraq; and b) that wasn't the point of the march anyway. It was from all kind of angles, but all focusing on Bush and the fact that the 200,000+ people there didn't want to be counted amongst a 'silent majority' welcoming him to Britain and, by extension, tacitly approving his various charming exploits, from Iraq through the clampdown on civil liberties in the US to 'missile defense', the Kyoto protocol, his stance on the ICC (the International Criminal Court, not the online chess site), illegal holding of prisoners, including British citizens, at Guantanamo Bay and the little fact of his having seized power in the world's most powerful country and our most important ally, with a flagrant disregard for democracy. It was also a protest against Blair's offering up our country as 'the mother of all photo-ops' (not my phrase - comes from the ex-Foreign Secretary) to the incumbent during his re-election year. As the head of the Labour Party, it seems pretty perverse of our Prime Minister to grant such a PR boost to a pretty extreme Republican administration. Oh, yeah, and what to do about Iraq? Immediate moratorium on any contracts to multinational companies based in any of the invading powers, hand over control to the Arab League with a UN Resolution pledging aid to the restoration of democracy, and invaders to end occupation ASAP. But I'm just speaking off the top of my head. Er, I'd better go. *or, Eva informs me, Virginia. Damn it, that's another Christmas tradition that I'll have to miss this year.

 john - i don't think the issue here is whether our laws have a judeo-christian origin or not. nor do i think that conservatives are desperate to educate the masses regarding common law. it is the intent, john, that is the problem. by having the ten commandments displayed, it is promoting a particular religion - that being christianity - if you saw a copy of a section of the koran everwhere, you could believe that religion was being promoted. the u.s. government is not supposed to endorse any religion -

 One can only hope that the debunking from AICN towards the bottom of this posting is true. My apologies in advance for the lengthy copy/paste. From Dark Horizons: ****** ...We've heard about Lucas yet again making changes to the original trilogy to update it. Til now most of the rumours have been about adding additional elements like more in regards to Alderaan before its destruction and so on. The gossip reached fever pitch earlier today over the Internet but now it seems the whole fiasco has been defused. Here's the story. First up the rumours that emerged over at The Digital Bits yesterday: "These changes include new special effects, revised and updated shots and scenes, and new footage shot with actors Hayden Christensen (Anakin) and Ian McDiarmid (the Emperor) that would flesh out moments with their characters in the original films. For example, an aged and scarred Hayden now appears as Anakin at the end of Return of the Jedi when Luke removes Vader's helmet. Among the other changes reportedly being made are the restoration of the original "Han shoots first" moment from Star Wars and a revamped lightsaber fight between Obi-Wan and Vader. What we've heard meshes with what we've been told before, which is that Lucas has always planned to release ultimate, "Archive" editions of these films that tie in better with the new prequels. The main question in our minds now is this: will these changes be completed in time to appear on the DVD releases planned for next September, or will we have to wait until after Episode III hits theaters to see them? And if we have to wait, what versions will appear on the DVDs? Time will tell". That wasn't the only site with talk of it. TheForce.Net posted an extensive list of all the apparent rumoured changes in order for the original trilogy - 22 for "A New Hope", 10 for "Empire" and 14 for "Jedi". Amongst musical cue differences and improved lightsaber and spaceship effects there's some big changes here: "A New Hope" - A new scene which has been shot during the filming of Episode III in which the Emperor dissolves the Senate. - The bleeding arm on the floor in the Cantina has been replaced with a non-bleeding arm because it's now canon that lightsabers cauterize wounds - The original Han/Greedo shooting scene has been restored - When the Death Star destroys Alderaan there's a new scene of Yoda's reaction to the disturbance in the Force that is created by all those deaths and then it cuts to Obi-Wan reacting to it as well - Temuera Morrison's voice is being recorded for use with all the stormtroopers - The Obi-Wan/Vader duel has been spruced up. It is much more epic and there is much more movement. A modified version of Duel of the Fates is being considered for the scene - There's a new scene (shot during Episode III) where Darth Vader goes to Coruscant and lands his ship in the same building Count Dooku does at the end of Attack of the Clones. Except now the building is all fixed up and it is now Palpatine's palace. He meets with Palpatine to ask for forgiveness for his failure and inform him of a new potential who is strong in the Force "Empire Strikes Back" - Tom-Toms are now CG, the Hoth battle is much more extensive. - Temuera Morrison's voice is being recorded for the older Boba Fett and all the stormtroopers - Ian McDiarmid has refilmed scenes as the Emperor. The conversations between Vader and Palpatine is now longer and features a few connections to the prequels - Yoda's face is now animated in CG allowing more expression of emotions yet his movements remain the same. Also two deleted scenes featuring Yoda instructing Luke have been restored - A new scene was shot in which the stormtroopers, after they capture Han, Leia and Chewie, bring Vader the box containing C-3PO in pieces. Vader orders the stormtroopers to bring the broken droid to Chewbacca's cell so that he can fix him "Return of the Jedi" - Jabba, Yoda & the Ewoks are now mostly CG. - In the battle of Endor there are thousands of Ewoks and they are more vicious than there midgets-in-suits counterparts. More bite the dust now. - Palpatine's face has gotten a CG lift, the black blotches removed - Sebastion Shaw who played Anakin when he was unmasked has been replaced with Hayden Christenson in make-up to make him look older. Anakin has much more dialogue. He apologizes for the destruction he caused, he thanks his son for turning him back to the light, he tells his son to rebuild the Jedi and he says he loves him and his sister. Just before he dies he says, "It is finished...". - We see more planets celebrating at the end of the movie. We see an aged Jar Jar, who is now the leader of the Gungans, on Naboo celebrating with the people of Naboo and the Gungans. We see an old Watto, who is now unable to fly, sitting in a hover chair cheering on Tatooine. During these scenes Across the Stars plays transitioning to the victory celebration music at the Ewok tree village. - Anakin's spirit is now played by Hayden Christenson with make-up to make him look his age. He looks on proudly at his son Luke with the spirit of Padme by his side The full list can be found here, there's also talk that "Episode I" will also get a revamp of some sort. Just a few hours ago though, another site has weighed in - none other than AICN who calls the whole thing an utter fabrication. Here's ' Moriarty': "I'm going to have to call this one out as being total nonsense. This exact word for word list ran as a talkback by a guy named "Donnie Darko" several weeks ago, and that's not the first time I've seen it show up. Yes, Lucas is working on Archival Editions of the films, despite his continued denial of it in public, like at a UCLA appearance this week. Yes, there are some dramatic things they're trying. But this fanboy wish list is just not true. And the films that are coming out on DVD next fall are the Special Editions you've seen already. The ones released in '97. No changes. Nothing done to them"

 I have flag sticker in my cube that was left behind by the previous occupant. Can someone recommend the appropriate way to dispose of this sticker, should I decide to remove it? Please note that I would be removing the sticker merely for aesthetic reasons, and not in any kind of protest.

 The Ten Commandments are the product of a 13th century BCE religion and culture, regardless of the message, and to place them on government property suggests that we should accept the deity Yahweh, or Jehovah, as our single, original source of law. As for what is wrong with telling people not to kill, to respect their parents, etc.: nothing. But what is curious is the need to enhance the already strong argument with the physical presence of the Ten Commandments, which, if one is to take them as merely wise suggestions rather than the direct prescriptives of Yahweh, have no more weight than what anyone else recommends anyway. The only way that words gain weight, or importance, beyond their inherent meaning, is in either how they are used, or who uses them. The Ten Commandments, traditionally, come directly from Yahweh through Moses. Take away that connection, and they have no more weight than any other wisdom. Are our society's laws so dodgy that we need to back them up with a direct line to the Creator of the universe? My goodness, but that's an alarming prospect.

 Yeah, but then you would have laws passed against attempted flag burning and impersonating a flag (TIC)

 Johnathan - Who said anything about a theocracy? Would the commandments be better accepted if the one about honor no other God before me (or something to that effect) was not listed? What is wrong with telling people to not kill one another, respect their parents, don't steal, don't bear false witness against your neighbor, and don't cover your neighbor's possessions? I seem to recall that most states have laws against taking another's life (except for the State itself with capital punishment). Of course, if people did not kill others, then the need for capital punishment would be greatly reduced. Any, the principles expressed in the commandments sound like pretty good fundamentals to live by to me, and totally non-religious in nature if you ignore where they supposedly came from. Eva - My point with the statues is what point was toppling a statue of Bush supposed to prove? I really doubt that anyone in the US will be convinced not to vote for Bush because the people in another country don't like him. Anyone who considers the actions of the protestors in deciding not to vote for Bush will probably have already decided not to based on many other factors. As for France and Germany, why would they care if you toppled statues or burned their leaders in effigy? I'm sure 90%+ of their citizens could care less what we in the US think of their leaders. All I'm saying is that the reverse is true. (P.S. Thanks for the trivia information on French Fries. Don't blame me for someone way back thinking that Flemish Fries did not have the same ring.) If the British don't like the way their PM is buddying up to the US/Bush, then they should do whatever is necessary under the procedures of Parliament to bring down the government. If the British Parliament is anything like Israel's or Italy's procedurally, then it should not be difficult. The British protesting our President accomplishes nothing productive. We are not going to impeach our President because he is unpopular in England. The last time I checked, we won a war 222 years ago so that we would not have to take orders from them. Ben - I don't quite understand the difference between how you typed the one sentence (Free speech just does not apply...) compared to what I typed. To me they say the same thing. Then again, my degree is in engineering not english. The point I was trying to make was regardless of the standard that is set for the definition of free speech, it must be applied universally to the socially acceptable topics (Civil rights) and the socially unacceptable topics (white supremacy). Burning things in peoples yards (i.e. burning a cross in a black family's yard) is not freedom of speech, but a form of intimidation (and probably terrorism under the Patriot Act). But, a bunch of guys in a farmer's field, with his permission, burning a cross and spouting their hate speech must be accepted as freedom of speech IF we are going to say that burning the flag is. If a law is passed to make burning the flag illegal, then doing so is no longer a question social acceptability/unacceptability, but strictly legal versus illegal. If someone, right now, were to burn a flag in front of me, I would not try to have them arrested because he has not violated any law. What I am saying is that I think that there should be a law against it. For my part, when I see someone burning a flag in protest, even if I might have been supportive of their cause previously, they have lost my support, and may have even pushed me to be against it depending on what their cause is. Johnathan - Somewhere back aways, you were asking about other ways of defiling the flag, I think. When a flag gets old or tattered, there are ceremonies to cover properly destroying the flag. Under standard flag etiquette, the flag that was on top of the WTC should have been destroyed long ago, but it has now become a different type of symbol all together.

 Perhaps one could create a cloth flag that lacks one stripe, or several stars, and set *that* on fire. It would kind of *look* like the flag, but not really *be* the flag, thus keeping all true flags safe. One could even market it as the Safe Protest Flag, and sell it at convenience stores. Or, one could perform a "Flag Threatening," in which a protestor holds a flag *close* to an open flame, but does not catch it on fire, thus conveying one's emotion without actual destruction of the object. Perhaps the apprehension an observer might feel watching such an act would yield the same impact as actual destruction.

 john: ok, i'm going to pick on you now. i'm sure you're worried. :) concerning the legality of burning the american flag, you said: " Burning the flag pisses alot of Americans off. However, it does not bother me as much to see foreigners do it in foreign countrys[sic]. It does bother me to see protestors in the US do it, because by doing so, they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead. The lifestyle that allows them to burn the flag without being arrested or shot. " i have no problem with that; you have every right to be pissed off, just as the protestors have every right to piss you off. onward; you also said: " Flag Burning - I think it should be illegal. As I said before, it is extremely ironic that people will chose to burn the symbol of the country that allows them protest peacefully without getting thrown in jail or worse. " the irony is interesting, and somewhat intentional, no doubt; but more importantly, the act of burning the flag identifies the protest in question as a serious one, garnering the attention of the public that the protestors are looking for in regards to their cause. it shows people that they're mad about what our country is doing - so mad, in fact, that they feel like burning their own flag. " People will say that burning the flag is an expression of free speech. Hog wash. If burning something is free speech, then the KKK cannot be prosecuted for burning crosses as a symbol of what they believe. Free speech does not just apply to the things that are considered socially acceptable. " assuming you meant to type " Free speech [just] does not apply to the things that are considered socially acceptable ", tell me, then, if this is what you're saying: that americans who burn the american flag in a show of protest against US policies should be arrested, because it is socially unacceptable for them to do so, considering they're citizens of a country that lets them protest without being arrested. the definition of what is "socially acceptable" is just a vague as the definition of "free speech"; more so, in some cases, given the fact that social standards differ from person to person, city to city, culture to culture... even within the US. i would daresay that infringing on the rights of others in regards to their own individual pursuit of life, liberty and happiness is unacceptable. that means i shouldn't be allowed to burn anything on your personal property without your express permission, whether it's a flag or a cross. doing so on public property, though, is another matter entirely. that means that *any* group, whether it's white supremisists or dirty hippies, has the right to express themselves in whatever way they see fit, provided their actions do not infringe on the rights of others. this rule means i could be exposed to plenty of activities and ideas i'm not happy with; but if i am certain of my convictions, they will be made all the stronger via the comparision. furthermore, ridiculous ideas and beliefs tend to get stronger if repressed, not weaker. better to let everything out into the light of day; after a day or so, you'll be able to distinguish between the profound and the poop, via the smell, if you take my meaning.

 I will repeat the question: What should be done *now*? A shame that 200,000 people organized themselves only to express anger. Such honest effort and energy expended to no end other than brief catharsis.

 The protest wasn't against the war. Where the hell did you guys hear that? It was against Bush visting England. People here are incredibly angry at him and they didn't want the US media to have a nice photo-op moment showing how loved Bush is in England, America's best friend. And the march slogan was simple: "Go home Bush!" The protest was awesome! Over 200,000 people were there. I think that we got the point across that Bush is not welcome here. By the way, why on Earth would you topple down statues of Chirac and Schroeder? For not siding with the US in an illegal invasion of a country? Were you too busy eating Freedom Fries to realize that countries have the freedom not to side with the US when it does bad things? (On a side note, "French" fries were actually invented in Belgium.)

 this is just urlLink pathetic - http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/031120/482/rs10811202309

 Meanwhile, this headline from CNN: "Police await Michael Jackson's surrender" How does one catch a Smooth Criminal?

 Does any country know how to solve complex problems? It seems analogous to hoping that a single wave will reshape a coastline. Change occurs over long periods of time, according to the effects of many disparate forces, each acting separately and often without any awareness of the other. The best anyone can hope for is to be one of those myriad disparate forces. A human lifetime is too short a span to allow for complete understanding of long-term change. My fear is for movements that lack proper perspective. How many of us recall one isolated incident with our parents that redirected our entire lives for the worse, in some way, leaving a permanent scar? Yet at that moment, the parent perceived that the action was warranted and appropriate. It seems to me that wisdom begins with perspective. And perspective is what the current anti-war movement seems to lack. A shame, really, because the forces they are protesting -- the hawks of the right -- seem to me, to lack perspective themselves. Us and Them, targeting issues and each other, firing wide, missing the mark, perpetuating the illusion of dialogue, while History does its own thing in the middle of it all, heedless of the sound and fury.

 a pause in the current discussion; then, please continue: The urlLink Richmond Indigenous Gourd Orchestra , containing some alumni and friends of the Ululating Mummies, is playing urlLink Ashland Coffee & Tea on November 28th at 8pm (that's the day after thanksgiving). should be a good time, so come and get your native on for a mere $5; "paleolithic lounge music" awaits you. the aforementioned urlLink venue appears to sell tickets online for the shows, though the R.I.G.O. is not listed at this time.

 i agree with you johnathan - it does seem silly to protest a war that has happened and what exactly is the message now that we couldn't really leave without causing more chaos than before. (ie, afghanistan) i believe one of the major problems with protests at this point is that there is no clear message that can be chanted as you march. like, "we didn't want this war in the first place, even though saddam was a horrible dictator, but there are horrible dictators across the globe, but now we hope for democracy, but that doesn't seem to be happening, and how can we afford this with so many domestic issues, and i need a slurpee because my throat is sore from so much chanting" it's an issue that cannot be solved by slogans or 10 second sound-bites. which is scary - because i don't know if this country knows how to solve complex problems -

 I am not a 13th century BCE Hebrew. Nor do I wish to be a citizen of a theocracy. The notion that humans require a deity to identify and enforce ethical behavior is absurd. Also, note that democracy emerged from pagans, not from Hebrews. If one shouldn't burn the flag, can one burn a copy of the Constitution? Or the Declaration of Independence? Should one not throw a flag away? How about cutting it? Or placing it in acid? Should one not discard it out the window of a car? Should one not draw on it? What if I draw on a painting of a flag? Is a painting a flag? Or is it only cloth? Does plastic count? Does it have to be a rectangle? What of flag bookmarks? Flag shot glasses? Flag shirts, socks, hats? What if I am angered by the discovery of something horrible that my country sanctioned, and I want to remove the flag sticker from my car -- should I wait until I've calmed down, so the act of disposing of the flag sticker won't be soiled by my mood at the time? Here's a quandary: All the people protesting in Great Britain today are encouraging those who committed the latest bombings in Turkey. *Even* if they honestly don't think they're doing so! Conundrum Corner indeed! yelahneb: If Iraqis feel that they can bicker amongst themselves, but if someone tells them what to do, they want none of it. In America, that feeling is a source of pride. Yet we disregard Iraqis who feel that way. Ironic, no? The current anti-war movement lacks focus, and has not yet produced a clear thesis. I realize it *thinks* it has, and I acknowledge the thrill and glee of joining a movement, however vague its nature -- but I have yet to hear a clear, compelling manifesto. Which is a shame, because for all the effort it takes to make and topple a statue, it means nothing without a meaningful message. I'm sold on the fad, but not the thinking. A question to the Left: Assuming that you are correct, that the war was misguided (and I am inclined to agree, to a point), what will it take for the "movement" to move into the present situation? Protesting a war that has already happened seems rather silly. What is the goal -- to get a leader elected who will pull everything *out* of Iraq immediately? Surely it would be clear to a careful observer that the resulting vacuum would be even worse. Given that -- what is the *present* strategy of the Left? What should be done with the *current* situation? A complete pullout? Half? What, exactly? Assuming the war was wrong -- what should be done *now*? Assuming our election was a fraud -- what should be done *now*? Protesting occurs in the present. Once the protested event is past, the act becomes whining. An unfortunate, but honest truth. What do we do *now*? -- Nonaffiliated But Engaged in Virginia

 What? Am I, as your soon-to-be-wife, not considered a fellow blogger? I know who Michael Kamen is, monkey...I remember him not only from his film scores, but from that great performance of "Dream On" he did with Aerosmith for MTV's tenth anniversary special. 'Twas keen. Sad am I that he is gone. John, urlLink here is a list of movies he's scored.

 Johnathan - Sadly, I don't recognize the name. What moves did he score? Mir - I wouldn't necessarily classify you as a flaming liberal, but there is definitely some smoke rising around you. Ben - Do you want pictures of the statue or of the nudists? Speaking of the statue, do the protestors see how silly it is? Bush is not being toppled, Sadaam was. If Bush loses the election next November, he will still be President for another 14 months. And, he won't be a hunted man in his own country. Hey, maybe we should hold a protest over here and topple statues of Chirac and Schroeder! Yeah, that will show the French and Germans!

 Flag Burning - I think it should be illegal. As I said before, it is extremely ironic that people will chose to burn the symbol of the country that allows them protest peacefully without getting thrown in jail or worse. People will say that burning the flag is an expression of free speech. Hog wash. If burning something is free speech, then the KKK cannot be prosecuted for burning crosses as a symbol of what they believe. Free speech does not just apply to the things that are considered socially acceptable. The Ten Commandments - Given that every judge puts his hand on a bible and swears to uphold the Constitution of the United States of America to the best of their ability without reservation or purpose of evasion, so help me God and that all witnesses swear on a bible to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me God , I don't see where the disconnect is. Additionally, can anyone say that if we as a nation were to live by the Ten Commandments, that the we would be worse off?

 the image created in my mind from the last bit got me: "Home Secretary David Blunkett has refused to grant diplomatic immunity to armed American special agents and snipers travelling to Britain as part of President Bush's entourage this week. In the case of the accidental shooting of a protester, the Americans in Bush's protection squad will face justice in a British court as would any other visitor, the Home Office has confirmed. The issue of immunity is one of a series of extraordinary US demands turned down by Ministers and Downing Street during preparations for the Bush visit. Demands for the US air force to patrol above London with fighter aircraft and Black Hawk helicopters have also been turned down."

 JLS: feel what way, specifically? nick and eva: interesting about the statue bit; excellent street theater. makes me flash upon the cover of Moore's latest book. send pics please! btw, did you catch the protest staged by the nudists? mir: what did the indians say in response to your suggestion? john: a side thought, but i'm curious - what's your take on the legality of the burning of the american flag? for that matter, what are everyone's thoughts on the presence of the ten commandments in government buildings?

 Film composer Michael Kamen died of a heart attack recently. John may be the only other blogger who recognizes the name.

 I wonder if Iraqis feel this way.

 a short story to prove john's point - and in case you don't know nick, i'm a flaming liberal (at least for virginia)and john is a staunch conservative. (in a moderate kind of way) i was out having dinner with some friends and two exchange students from india. we were chatting about politics and i started to go on some rant about something or the other and one of the exchange students started going on about how yeah, america was such a international bully, destroying the planet, didn't know how to take care of its own people and so on - all of which i agree with - however, hearing it from her - someone who voluntarily came to my country to take advantage of the educational opportunities just infurirated me. i told her that if she hated the country that much then i'm sure a plane was leaving for india sometime soon and she should just go catch it. listen, this country tries me nuts - but hell, it's my country and i don't need no mouthin' off from somebody who isn't even a citizen. and yes, i know that is a narrow-minded point of view - but it is what i believed in that moment and what most americans believe. i support the british protesting a president i can't stand but i seriously don't think anything will change as a result of it. until we in this country get together and start actively protesting this man will things change.

 Think of it as a family for a second. My father has 2 sisters and 1 brother. They bicker and argue with each other quite a bit (at least they did when they were younger). But, if someone outside the family, even one of the spouses of the four siblings, were to say something derogatory about one of them, the other three will circle the wagons and defend the other, even if what was said was true or something that one of them had said before. That is the way it is here. We can bicker amongst ourselves, bitch about the government, and even leave the country for a change, but if someone outside of here tells us we need to change or attacks us (verbally or physically), we will tell you in no uncertain words to go f*** yourself. Burning the flag pisses alot of Americans off. However, it does not bother me as much to see foreigners do it in foreign countrys. It does bother me to see protestors in the US do it, because by doing so, they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead. The lifestyle that allows them to burn the flag without being arrested or shot. As for the security issue, the same NBC report said that security was already higher than normal because of some intelligence indicating a possible Al Queda attack. They actually had some British official discussing that briefly in the report.

 i agree with eva - the burning of the american flag will just turn people against your cause. i would say, the best way to protest, is to not be violent or threatening - but rather peaceful, with a good solid message. but most of all - don't say or insinuate that americans are stupid. even americans who say americans are stupid don't want to hear from another country.

 As I type, Mr Bush is having tea with the Queen a few miles away. It must be strange for him, spending time with someone who's head of state even though they weren't elected, just because of who their family is. The security crackdown here is unbelievable. I read in yesterday's newspaper that 1 in 9 policemen, nationwide, is involved in the security operation surrounding Bush. Half the police in all of London, too, apparently. If I weren't marching tomorrow, I think I'd carry out a few burglaries as far from George as possible. Eva and I have been talking about ways of protesting Bush while making it difficult for the media to portray it as mindless 'anti-Americanism', which is an accusation Blair has made, predictably. Any ideas? Richard Dawkins said he wanted to see a burning American flag behind Bush in every shot, but Eva thinks this'll just look threatening to people in the US, and I can see her point. Oh, and I think most of the protestors will be from the UK, but there'll be be some from elsewhere, including plenty from the US, if experience serves.

 They are expecting between 60,000-100,000 people at the protest tomorrow in London. Nick and I will be there. At the end of the march, they are going to be knocking down a 6 meter statue of George Bush. Toppling over statues seems to be symbolic in the US media as the end of a regime, so I think it is very appropriate. I came here to get away from George. He followed me to St. Petersburg when I was living there and now he's followed me to England. He needs to stop sweatin' me. I mean, I know that I'm super cool and all, but damn!

 NBC news this morning was reporting that the British were expecting 100,000 protestors during President Bush's visit. They were a little vague leading up to that statement, talking about Bush's general unpopularity in Europe and something about a large (no percentage given) portion of the population supporting Bush. On a sidenote, I just about fainted when an AIDS activist was complimentary of the Presidents record on AIDS - has hell started to freeze? Anyway, my question is simple. Are the 100,000 protestors from the UK or are they from all over western Europe?

 meanwhile, in urlLink this madman's world... SALEM, Ore. - A gun-toting man traveling on a tricycle allegedly tried to hijack a car in Salem, in what police there termed a "bizarre" incident.

 okay, peoples, i need a job

 they really do urlLink hate us

 well, urlLink here we go. from his inaugural speech: "Schwarzenegger urlLink quoted President John F. Kennedy -- the slain uncle of his wife, Maria Shriver -- calling himself 'an idealist without illusions.' But he also invoked both former President Ronald Reagan and the framers of the Constitution, who faced a deep crisis when they met in Philadelphia in 1787. 'The dream of a new nation was falling apart,' Schwarzenegger said. 'Events were spiraling downward. Divisions were deep -- merchant against farmer, big states against small, north against south. Our founding fathers knew that the fate of the union was in their hands, just as the fate of California is in our hands.' But those delegates in Philadelphia produced what he called 'the miracle of Philadelphia."

 Reference previous posts.

 what's up withyou and staplers?

 "Over the past month, I've managed to convert my sleep cycles to something called the Uberman's sleep schedule. The end result is that urlLink I am sleeping roughly three hours a day . How did I do it? Is it safe?"

 Some staplers are terrorists.

 some women are idiots.

 Some Women Are Going Under the Knife to Fit Into Sexy Stilettos "I will generally suggest a urlLink surgical procedure to shorten the toes a bit," says Dr. Suzanne Levine, a Park Avenue podiatrist. "Take some of the bone out."

 RTG - check your email! (Sunday morn)

 okay, ben, i spent way too much time playing with that.

 here's a urlLink fun one : type some words into this engine, and it will sing them back to you with samples from several hundred pre-existing songs. the database of words is far from complete, but if you keep it simple, you will be rewarded handsomely.

 come on here the noise, girls rocks your toys

 Staplers are terrorists.

 you like staplers? i never knew.

 Ben! Uninvite Nick! We usually get on the internet at the same time and he gets to post something witty and interesting, and then I read it and can't think of anything to say in response. How the hell am I suposed to look smart if someone who's more articulate than me always posts something right before I do. I feel like the most intelligent thing I can say is, "I agree with Nick. Oh, and I like staplers." Not that I think that I've really ever had anything interesting to say, but now my illusion is shattered! It's not fair!

 Just read urlLink that Village Voice article . Scary - I understand that similar legislation was proposed Europe-wide. Maybe it even went through. The definition they give for terrorists is pretty loose, don't you think? To whit: "any association, organization, entity, coalition, or combination of two or more persons with the primary or incidental purpose of supporting any politically motivated activity through intimidation, coercion, fear, or other means"- which, pared down, could include pretty much anyone with an opinion, couldn't it? I mean, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney are a "combination of two or more persons with the primary or incidental purpose of supporting any politically motivated activity" - and I'll bet they mean to achieve their nefarious ends "through intimidation, coercion, fear, or other means"... Mainly because "other means" includes absolutely everything. I'm going to call that 800 number and report them. Then I'm going to throw paint on some gerbils for wearing fur and send off some hate mail to Indonesian kids for using Nike products. Oh, and Eva says she'll post a picture when she oh look, a squirrel! Sometimes I think she has some kind of attention deficimy foot is itching.

 this week's bob the angry flower is actually pretty funny.

 I just learned of this myself and oddly enough from someone at work that does not even play the game. Unfortunely the news that Ben posted is about the most I know. I just know I have yet to see one. Though not surprising since it is only two out of thousands of players. Still fun to play!!! Just do not hgave the time to putthat much effort in to it. Oh well!

 what you do with your tricks is your business

 why do some people like to ride you around like you're some trick pony?

 urlLink click me and be amused

 neal is our man on the inside for this one... what's the word, silentwalker? have you met these Jedi by any chance? "Talk about a short honeymoon. Over the weekend, players of Star Wars Galaxies, the film-inspired massive-multiplayer online role-playing game, learned that two players had achieved Jedi Initiate status. The pair were the first in the game's four-and-a-half month history to do so. Today, the MMORPG site Allakhazam's Magical Realm is reporting that a massive bounty--150,000 credits--is being offered for the newly hatched Jedi's heads. As of press time, they had not been killed." urlLink First Galaxies Jedi confirmed, hunted

 more news on the possible urlLink sequel . disturbing realization: in the original film, the pirate whose map the goonies find was essentially named after a penis. and that's funny, i guess... unless you're him, stuck with "penis" for a nickname... or if you're one of the kids searching for his hidden "booty".

 urlLink http://www.villagevoice.com/issues/0346/otis.php excerpt - ALEC's model legislation, drawn up by its "Homeland Security Working Group," is called the Animal and Ecological Terrorist Act, and it ostensibly focuses solely on groups like Earth Liberation Front and Animal Liberation Front, which have attacked homes and development projects that threatened the habitat of several species. But more mainstream groups, such as People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), are also targeted by ALEC as a "threat," and the bill would back that up with severe action. For activists, the danger lies in how A4884 defines "terrorist" organizations, as "any association, organization, entity, coalition, or combination of two or more persons with the primary or incidental purpose of supporting any politically motivated activity through intimidation, coercion, fear, or other means." Activist groups fear that lawful dissent, such as demonstrations, letter-writing campaigns, and leafleting, might fall into any one of those categories, particularly the catchall phrase "other means." The bill also seeks to prohibit people from gathering photographic or videotaped evidence of illegal or harmful activities, effectively shutting down the camcorders and other tools used by 21st-century protesters. Additionally, the bill calls for the creation of a state-run website where people convicted of "eco-terrorism or animal-rights terrorism" would be identified with photographs and stigmatized, much as states do with child molesters.

 our fallen comrades in the orange reflective uniforms will finally get their own urlLink memorial .

 From a recent USN&WR: Think gas is steep at $1.50 a gallon? Look at it this way: That $1.50 buys almost 100 tons of ancient plants, ecologist Jeffrey Dukes says in this months Climatic Change. Todays oil fields formed as microscopic plants living in ancient seas died and sank, then were buried deeply enough for heat and pressure to cook the organic matter into oil. At each step, much of the original material decayed or escaped. Dukes, then at the University of Utah, used published figures to calculate that every day, humanity burns up oil equivalent to nearly a years worth of plant growth across the entire planet."

 urlLink http://www.triumphtheinsultcomicdog.com/

 I propose a film entitled "The Mueslix Evacuations," in which our heroes use massive amounts of fiber to liberate humanity from a state perpetual constipation.

 how was the matrix ?

 and we need a picture of you nick. perhaps one with the lovely eva.

 martices? and couldn't you do an autopsy on the brains of people who supposedly had this disease to see if it was present and if so in what amounts? there must be a way to scientifically prove that my cat made me into the evil bitch i am today.

 BTW, the toxoplasma stuff comes out in the news every few years with the intention of shocking pet owners. "Oh, it's not my fault for being a slut...my cat has infected me with promiscuous disease." If rats are infected, it causes slight behavioural changes, thought to increase the chance of transmission. Well, it causes no behavioural changes in infected cats. In humans also, there has been no conclusive evidence to show that behaviour is directly affected by the parasite. They "evaluate" people's personalities, and then test if they have the disease. Well, that ends up being a correlational study. How do you know that people who like cats don't have certain behavioural characteristics already? Or that people who are more likely to clean litter boxes don't have a certain personality? Or maybe people who don't clean their houses are more likely to get it since they would be the most likely candidates for rat infestation. There is no ethical way to show if there is any truth behind the claims that it supposedly has mind-altering effects on humans. The only way to test for the personality change would be to test their personality before and after infection. Comparative studies are the only ones that would be scientifically worth anything. For now, the claims are total bollocks... Off the subject, did anyone else think that the 'Matrices' were absolute shite? Yuck!

 Yay...Dubya's coming to visit England. Huge amounts of people will be coming out to give the great leader a urlLink warm welcome. Can't wait til he gets urlLink here!

 Oops, good point, Ben - I never said who I was. Hello, everyone, I'm Nick. My connection is via Eva - she wickedly seduced me one stormy night in Wales and has come to the UK (my homeland) to haunt my every waking hour - and the occasional one when I'm asleep, too. I'm a stand-up comic by trade (that's what I was doing in Wales. Eva has far less excuse.). Don't have a website, I'm afraid, but there's a British comedy website called chortle and I'm reviewed/listed urlLink there . Just so as not to be completely disregarding recent topics, the situation here in the UK with regards to elections is that you can take time off work to vote - not the whole day, but half a morning or something - and your employer has to let you. I think that only applies in general elections, though (the big ones where you're voting in a new government [actually it doesn't quite work like that here, but a full explanation would take me too far from the point]). I don't think it applies for small, local elections - which is a shame, in a way, since those are the ones where your vote counts most and you have more of a chance to really change things. It seems to me that most of our big elections (in both countries) really only afford the public the chance to ratify elite decisions; they keep the population distanced from actual policy formation whilst providing the comforting illusion that our leaders are answerable to us. On one level they are, of course, since we can vote them out (when we're allowed to every few years) - but really those changes are pretty cosmetic. I think the limits of the system are shown up in the following hypothesis: Let's say you introduce mandatory voting, so that there's a 95% turnout. The elected government can claim quite a legitimacy with the mandate of a genuine majority of the population. Or it would, if not for the fact that the people are effectively coerced into making the choice. So to avoid this, a 'None of the above' option is introduced. So far, so democratic. Now, here's the dilemma: What happens if a majority of the voting population goes with the 'None of the above' choice? Nobody running for power can legitimately take office, since the people have expressed definitely that they don't want the candidates, but you can't just leave the government empty. What do you do? As far as I can see the system fails at this point. The powers that be can't really allow the electorate a full and comprehensive democratic choice, since there's the risk that people might use it, and that's not really what the electoral system is for. Of course, there's already the option of not voting, or spoiling your vote, but that's fine provided those choices don't HAVE to be interpreted as 'None of the above'. And to be honest, often a more realistic interpretation of not voting might be, "Mmmmm... My bed's comfy." Oops. A bit of a rant. Did Eva warn you about my tendency to do that? To recap: 1. Hello, everybody, nice to meet you. and 2. I read too much Chomsky.

 John, did the kids have a good Christmas? The card photo was quite adorable.

 urlLink "Home Improvement" actor dies at 61 Couldn't they at least have put a head shot in the article?

 Fun, as long as everyone realizes the historical details -- or their veracity -- are inconsequential; only the meaning matters.

 from urlLink The Straight Dope : Dear Cecil: I hear Jesus wasn't really a Capricorn but that he was either a Pisces or a Leo instead--that his birthday is observed in December because the Catholic Church took over the ancient Saturnalia debauch. What's the lowdown? --Jerry M., Los Angeles urlLink Dear Jerry: History records no observation of Christmas before 354, and by that time there was no one around who remembered exactly when Jesus was born. Today, historians have all but given up trying to figure it out. They give his birth date as 6-8 BC (good trick, but this was no ordinary dude) and leave it at that. Nobody knows exactly why Christ's birthday is celebrated on December 25. One theory holds that this is the right date, postulating that Zachary was high priest and that the Day of Atonement fell on September 24, ergo, John the Baptist was born on June 24 and Christ dropped in exactly six months later on December 25. Modern scholars use this theory to get laughs at cocktail parties. Another guess works backward from the supposed date of the crucifixion (March 25), figuring that Christ was conceived exactly 33 years before he died, True Believers having no use for fractional numbers. According to the most tenable hypothesis, Christ's birthday was assigned to the winter solstice (December 25 in the Julian calendar, January 6 in the Egyptian) because the date had a ready-made pagan holiday, the "Birthday of the Invincible Sun" (or "ancient Saturnalia debauch," as you put it). The idea that Jesus was a Pisces probably comes from the characterization of that sign as one of spiritualism, humility, compassion, sacrifice, etc. Students of astrology will tell you it's not kosher to work the formula backwards that way.

 urlLink booked

 works for me. i got my new zen desk calendar today ! i'm feeling enlightened already.

 If I adopted a new creed every time some idiot grossly misinterpreted the one to which I ascribe, I would never believe in anything for more than a day.

 from the aforementioned bibleman series: "After the prideful Prince zaps Bibleman with a mega-volt ego-enhancing ray, our hero finds his modesty put to its greatest test. Stephen Phillips, the comic strip's talented young artist, is also hit with the evil ego whammy, thus feeling a bit too talented. Could Stephen's selfishness bring about the end of the comic strip-and of Bibleman? Or does God have a plan for Shattering the Prince of Pride?" and "With his scheme thwarted by the Bibleman Adventure team, Primordious Drool retires to the sewer from which he came and is replaced by another hopeful villain, The Wacky Protestor. With plans to drench the world in a hopeless cloud of despair and darkness, the Wacky Protestor uses his Spasmodic, Meteoronic, Wacksonic Cloud of Darkness and Despair to discourage youth group member Corey Standridge and give him deep feelings of isolation and despair." be sure to check out urlLink images from the "bibleman live tour", which looks for all the world like a combination of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "Logan's Run". if i were a christian, i'd seriously consider adopting another creed, just to distance myself as far as possible from this sort of foolishness. what maddening, utter drivel!

 urlLink bibleman cometh

 The Red Planet Twirls Its Mustache and Laughs "...But Mars is a formidable foe. Of the previous 11 probes dropped on to the planet's surface, only three have survived."

 can't say that i miss life in urlLink cubeville . happy holly-days, all...

 urlLink hope he liked the bruschetta

 i'm not really a big fan of radio head either - merry christmas eve!

 The Bends(?) and OK Computer

 JLS: which radiohead albums have you listened to?

 Alas, if it places Radiohead in the top 5, it's not likely that I'll be interested in the other 49.

 pitchfork's urlLink top 50 albums of 2003 . the urlLink blog of jeremy botter, a soldier stationed in iraq who was part of the team that captured saddam hussein. some have tried to discredit him, but apparently he's the real deal... charting the usage of brandnames in pop music: urlLink american brandstand 2003 . (most invoked product name: Mercedes-Benz)

 Get yourself hooked up with a role model willing to teach you to drive around, hide in a modified trunk, and randomly kill easy targets! What's the worst that could happen? A lifetime of free food, shelter, and notoriety! Sure, you'll be in prison, and you might get raped like they say -- but what the hell! After a few years, you'll grow numb to the environment, and you just might live to a ripe old age knowing that for a while you had the TIME OF YOUR LIFE! So get a car, grab a rifle, find a Big Brother and GET SNIPIN'!

 Pentagon Holding Terror Drill: "Top Pentagon officials are preparing to move to secret locations today in a drill to practice responses to a terror attack on the Defense Department. Officials said the "continuity-of-government" exercise was scheduled after the U.S. moved to "Code Orange," the nation's second highest terror alert."

 Much humor herein, for those who care to poke around. The icons list is also recommended. urlLink advertising age top 100

 "Judge: Pentagon cannot force anthrax shots" ...but it may attempt a grapple, which in some cases may provoke an attack of opportunity.

 Ben, my friend, you have too much time on your hands with some of the websites and articles you find. That "Crappy Gifts" website was a hoot if for no other reason than the expressions on her face. Gee, I only have to wait 4 or 5 more years to see those on Katherine's face. As for the Orgasmatron, don't count on it replacing us. It can't mow the grass. Also, what happens if she loses the remote control with the device turned on?

 CDs make urlLink bad gifts for kids

 urlLink Aggregate mood of Livejournal users over time

 New Zealand director Andrew Adamson, the man behind Shrek, will bring to life the C.S Lewis classic "The Lion, the Witch and The Wardrobe", with a budget of more than $150 million. see article urlLink here .

 well, we had a good run, gentlemen, but the end is coming. first urlLink human asexual reproduction , and now urlLink this . the one-two punch to the end of the need for Men.

 sorry neb, i'm not fly-curious. hahahahhahahahhaha. hee hee.

 an interesting urlLink essay on the Wright Brothers, patent law and the birth of modern aviation. i didn't know half of this stuff; a good 15 minute read for the curious.

 Once I'm through with you, you'll explain why. Count on it.

 yeah, george w. is lying scum.

 harmony, for some reason your frustration made me think of "Peanuts." Can't really explain why.

 Please note that my previous post condones neither the attack, nor the reason; nor does it categorically reject the administration's response; it is only a voicing of frustration at the public's inexplicable insistence on clinging to a completely incorrect reason for the act.

 WHITE HOUSE COVERS TRACKS BY REMOVING INFORMATION In a high-tech cover-up, the Washington Post this morning reports the White House is actively scrubbing government websites clean of any of its own previous statements that have now proven to be untrue. Specifically, on April 23, 2003, the president sent his top international aid official on national television to reassure the public that the cost of war and reconstruction in Iraq would be modest. USAID Director Andrew Natsios, echoing other Administration officials, told Nightline that, "In terms of the American taxpayers contribution, [$1.7 billion] is it for the US. The American part of this will be $1.7 billion. We have no plans for any further-on funding for this." The president has requested more than $166 billion in funding for the war and reconstruction efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan this year. But instead of admitting that he misled the nation about the cost of war, the president has allowed the State Department "to purge the comments by Natsios from the State department's Web site. The transcript, and links to it, have vanished." (The link where the transcript existed until it caused embarrassment was urlLink www.usaid.gov/iraq/nightline ). When confronted with the dishonest whitewash, the administration decided to lie. A Bush spokesman said the administration was forced to remove the statements because, "there was going to be a cost" charged by ABC for keeping the transcript on the government's site. But as the Post notes, "other government Web sites, including the State and Defense departments, routinely post interview transcripts, even from 'Nightline,'" and according to ABC News, "there is no cost." This story is not the first time the President has tried to hide critical information from the American public. For instance, the president opposed the creation of the independent 9/11 investigative commission, and has refused to provide the commission with critical information, even under threat of subpoena. Similarly, after making substantial budget cuts, the president ordered the government to stop publishing its regular report detailing those cuts to states. And when confronted with a continuing unemployment crisis, the president ordered the Department of Labor to stop publishing its regular mass layoff report. It is also not the first time the administration has sought to revise history and public records when those records become incriminating. As the Post reports "After the insurrection in Iraq proved more stubborn than expected, the White House edited the original headline on its Web site of President Bush's May 1 speech, "President Bush Announces Combat Operations in Iraq Have Ended," to insert the word 'Major' before combat." And the "Justice Department recently redacted criticism of the department in a consultant's report that had been posted on its Web site." Read the urlLink Mis-Lead .

 So I see a WTC monument/design has been chosen, and it will be named The Freedom Tower. (pause) FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, THEY WEREN'T ATTACKING *FREEDOM,* YOU DIMWITTED MORONS! AAAAAAAAAH

 I enjoyed it, mainly because I'm a fan of the book. I think I'll have to reserve my judgment until the longer DVD release. It has been established now with LOTR that what appears in the theater is not the film, but a conscious abridgement. It is not the finished work. Take a moment and think about that: the artist first publishes/presents a conscious abridgement of the actual work, agreed upon by all parties involved, who know and accept that what was really completed will be released in a different format in a few months. Not a Director's Cut, not Lost Chapters, not a reassessment now that time has passed. A conscious, fully intended abridgement. Released first.

 just saw return of the king. incredible.

 from a urlLink transcript of the interview with Diane Sawyer that JLS mentioned earlier: Bush also defended the intelligence that he used in citing weapons of mass destruction in Iraq as a main reason for going to war. Asked about the emphasis now on alleged weapons "programs" instead on possession of weapons themselves, Bush remained firm about his prewar assessment of the threat Saddam posed and insisted the world and America are safer because of the war that toppled him. " What's the difference? " he said. "If he were to acquire weapons, he would be the danger. That's what I'm trying to explain to you. A gathering threat, after 9-11, is a threat that needed to be dealt with." ...i guess the difference that immediately comes to mind would be the one between 1) telling the truth and 2) lying. what the fuck, bush? is that the administration's answer to why we haven't found any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq? that you figured we'd understand that when you urlLink said right before the war, "The dictator of Iraq and his weapons of mass destruction are a threat to the security of free nations", what you *meant* was, "The dictator of Iraq is planning on producing weapons of mass destruction at some point in future, which at that time will be a threat to the security of free nations?" added bonus: he managed to drop a 9-11 reference into a discussion about the justification for invading Iraq. dammit to hell; enough of this. i never expected to agree with the bush administration's policies, but the very least they could do is be straightforward with the people who pay their salaries.

 Try pouring lemon juice in your eye. Now *there's* a distraction. Oh yeah.

 now i'm listening to dr. phil. he's exploiting a family. it's something to distract me.

 I caught the last 15 minutes of the Diane Sawyer interview with George and Laura earlier this week. They have some of the most vacant eyes I've ever seen. Scared the hell out of me. I just don't get it.

 playing 80s music in office today WHEN YOU CLOSE YOUR EYES Night Ranger What do you do When it's falling apart And you know it was going From the very start Do you close your eyes And dream about me A girl in love With a gleam in her eye I was a yonger boy All dressed in white We're older now Do you still think about me I remember we learned about love In the back of a Chevrolet Well it felt so good to be young Feels like yesterday When you close your eyes Do you dream about me When you close your eyes Do you dream about me I guess I don't know what I'm thinking Coming off a hard night of drinking Angel come closer to me I need a soul to bleed on It could'a been done In a different kinda way But that ain't you You play tough when you play It's over now I bet you still think about me I remember I held you so tight And we danced the night away With the moves of two wide eyed kids I need you so much today When you close your eyes Do you dream about me When you close your eyes Do you dream about me (repeat) I remember we learned about love In the back of a Chevrolet No good for an old memory To mean so much today

 From CNN...that M.R.I. is a lively girl indeed! Quite giving. "Bush visits troops, has MRI on knees"

 So it begins.

 welcome home, my sister. see you at the tree ritual.

 yay eva!

 We just arrived back in the States! Yay!

 funee for jay el ess: urlLink dokaka and urlLink gi joe?

 and that memo was so poorly worded.

 Corporate Email: "May we ask, if you happen to have a holiday decoration or two that you can contribute for the day tomorrow, to please bring it in. A reminder that if you would like to bring in a decoration or two, please ensure it is fairly nondenominational. Thanks!!" ...because we all know a Methodist tree and a Presbyterian tree look NOTHING alike.

 DUDE. Just checked out the t-shirts, and I'm TOTALLY saving up to get the one that says "I'm not handicapped...I'm just lazy!" I'd like to wear it to acting on the first day of class. Word. What a great website! I wish I had money... *sigh* *shrug* Eat THAT, Ben!

 Perspective: From an MSNBC review of Return of the King.... "...In the final analysis, a purist for Tolkien's novels might do well to remember what mystery writer Raymond Chandler supposedly once said when asked if he felt his books had been mangled by Hollywood. No, he said, nothing happened to my books. There they are, up on the shelf where they've always been."

 good news! urlLink Iraqi WMDs found . record your life on your palm pilot with a urlLink memory prosthesis . check out the urlLink new toilets at google , and then take a gander at some of the urlLink new google features . for your pseudo-amusement, there's urlLink t-shirt hell ; wageslaves, skim at your own risk. and finally, a urlLink harpsicord made out of lego . be sure to check out the accompanying photos.

 The current administration provides the following bread and circus package for various large demographics: wealth, a thrilling invasion, moral superiority, and fear. There is no real connection between the two, but the general media also provides its own bread and circus package, mostly in the form of fear-sex-bling bling. Wealth, sex, invasions, moral superiority, and constant fear. No stump speech can beat that. Four more years on the way. Time will tell if it's good or bad. For myself, I always hope for good. I'll take being wrong and everything turning out ok over being right and it all going to hell any day. It would be nice if the various candidates took the same attitude.

 Spel chek is four teh week. Besides, it would not have caught largest error in my post. I forgot a "not" in my second to last sentence.

 Johnathan - I don't understand the first part of the response. I do agree that it is totally on the fickle citizenry and not a measure of the actual politician's skill. Really, how much skill does it take to talk out of both sides of your mouth like most politicians do? To quote James Carville (Clinton's attack dog), "It's the economy, stupid." If people are feeling confident in their wallets, the incumbent generally has no problems. Ben - So we should not have tracked him down, left the country, and let him resume control? Reports on the news are that most of the attacks are being carried out by Hussein loyalists, Al Queda, or jihadists, not the normal citizens who were brutalized by Hussein. I have not seen any smug comments for the Republicans, only satisfaction from the military commanders. That's not to say there won't be, but I have not seen any yet. As far as WMD, at this point I don't think anyone thinks they will be found. We can debate from here to eternity about whether or not they ever existed, whether they were smuggled out of the country before the invasion, and whether we were intentionally misled by the President, or if he was misinformed by the intelligence aparatus. We don't know and probably never will know the certain truth. You'll believe what you want and I'll believe what I want.

 john: use the built-in spellcheck, fool!

 urlLink chaos reigns in iraq (just like last week). saddam's capture changes little. it will make for some smug sound bites from the repubs for a time, but hussein was not the Terminator, and he wasn't calling the shots from some high-tech fortress, his hand poised over a giant red button. where are the weapons of mass destruction he supposedly had at his command? when is this conflict supposed to end - are we waiting for the populace to enjoy being occcupied by a foreign power? aren't we at a point where we're just shooting people who want us off their land?

 It's not hard to be Teflon if one provides bread and circuses. If Hitler had not opened a second front and had focused a little more on atomic science, we would have had a Teflon fuehrer. Getting through/around political trouble is not a measure of skill; it's a measure of the citizenry's contentment. That said, the American citizenry seem very content. As long as this doesn't change, a president can do whatever he or she wants.

 First the economy starts to recover, and nwo Hussein. I think it wil be fun to watch the 8(?) of them go at each other now as they try to find a sticking campaign point. It has already started this morning with Lieberman calling out Dean on Meet the Press concerning the course of action Dean wanted to take with regards to Iraq. Does anyone else that Bush is starting to resemble Reagan with his ability to get through/around political trouble? Remember the Teflon President? I'm asking whether you agree with either's politics, as I know most of you don't. Just whether you see any similarity.

 Legal pot AND P2P downloads??? And I'm not living there yet why?

 hats for clowns. cats four pounds. chaps in gowns.

 Canada urlLink deems P2P downloading legal

 stop shrugging ben or i will be forced to shave you



 because the government has the most resources to make something happen.

 Eva - Perhaps you could explain to me why a single cent of the $20 billion dollars the US is paying for reconstruction should go to any country that opposed the _____ (insert your preferred term for the action taken). If France, Germany, or Russia wish to pony up their own money to reconstruct things and get their contractor's to do so, then let them. But, as I understand the basis of their arguements, they are upset that we won't let their contractor's bid on projects being paid for with US (and maybe UK?) money. Mir - Some? Yes. Enough to do the job in the near future? Doubtful. In my dealing with Contractor's, I have found most of them to be so tight that they squeak and that they claim not to have two pennies to rub together. So, odds are, except for management and certain ultraskilled positions, they will probably hire Iraqi's to do alot of the work as a cost savings method. If you bring over your American crews, you need to pay much more (travel and housing) versus using someone local. I hope and think that most contractor's will do that (see, greed is not always bad) As far as the medical question goes, your conservative comment seems to imply that you think only conservatives are rich and powerful. I recall a survey, several years old now, that was looking at the net worth of U.S. Senators. You might be surprised to learn that there were more Democratic millionaires than Republican. I honestly don't remember if was a 45 to 40 thing or a 10 to 5, but that is not my point. There are quite a few rich powerful liberals that aren't champoining these causes either. Also, do you think that no research is being done on either of the two diseases you specifically mentioned? Angie can correct me here if I am wrong, but I think that fibro was only recently (last 3-5 years) actually classified as a disease. I don't think you can expect too much research on a disease most doctors don't know even exists. I would expect that research is underway now. As for autisim, I know that research is being done. There has been some recent finding that some medium used to prepare or administer childhood vaccinations has a mercury compound in it. There appears to be some connection between the that and autism. It must be a recent finding, because in 2000, nothing was said about this to us when Katherine got her immunizations, but everytime we get a shot for the twins, it is included in the information given to us. It does make me ask the question, what is worse - losing your child to mumps, rubella, or polio or having them permanenetly disabled by the prevention? That's not a choice I really want to make. Keep in mind that there is only one pot of money for medical research, currently provided by both the public and private sector. That money has to be divided up amongst AIDS, cancer, MS, heart disease, paralysis and a myriad of other diseases/conditions that I did not mention. I have much more faith in the private sector to get the most out of this finite pot of money than I do the government. I have worked for the government and currently work with government programs. The bureaucratic BS and innefficiencies are maddening. Money is held up because a form was not filled out 100% correctly or because some Congressman has not had his chance to make a press release about getting the money for his district. At least with the private sector, they want to get breakthroughs so they can get the return on their investment. It really is sad that someone is going to benefit from someone else's suffering, but I can't think of a better motivator, since there are very few people in this world who are solely devoted to the relief of suffering (like Mother Teresa was).

 now it is i who am an ass! wheeee

 Sometimes Ben TORI AMOS gets a TORI AMOS thing stuck in TORI his AMOS head and it TORI AMOS kind of TORITORITORITORITORI consumes AMOSAMOSAMOS him. Perhaps it will TORI TORI OH MY GOD IT'S FUCKING TORI AMOS OH MY FUCKING GOD THE LIGHT THE HOLY SEARING LIGHT HER BEAUTY AND INTELLECT BURN MY EYES THEY ARE MELTING DOWN MY CHEEKS MY HEART IT MUST BURST WIDE OPEN MY CHEST IT HEAVES NO BREATH NO BREATH OH GOD OH GOD I CANNOT GET A BIG ENOUGH POSTER OR ENOUGH PICTURES OR ENOUGH MUSIC GIVE ME GIVE ME I MUST FIND OH GOD FIND TORI IT IS TORI THE ONE TORI THE ONE TORI THE THE THE TORI OH GOD OH GOD I CANNOT I CANNOT IF ONLY PLEASE IF IT JUST COULD TORI THEN OH OH OH OH OH OH OH OH AAAAAAAH fade with time.

 All I've got to say is this: Bush is a fucking moron! He has just claimed Iraq as property of the US. What fucking right does the US have to not allow countries that didn't support the invasion of Iraq to help in the reconstruction effort. Sorry for the profanity...I'm very angry today. grrrr! Okay...on to happy things...I'm coming home on the 17th and I'm bringing Nick with me! Unfortunately, I have to stay and Nick gets to go back to England. I been here for nearly 6 months, so I've got stay in the US for a while. Stupid England. Wait...that makes me angry again. grrr! Damn this bipolar disorder.

 and as far as socialized medicine is concerned, the best way to get funding for an ailment is to have a conservative have something horrible befall his family. i bet if a powerful conservative had a relative with fibromalygia or autism or whatever that a lot more funding would go that way.

 what is up with you and shrugging ben? and john, i think there's got to be some professionals (engineers and the like) in iraq who could be used in this process. if they were able to develop weapons of mass destruction (cough, cough) then they must have scientists and an educated segment of society.

 i think that *shrugs* only those countries who *shrugs* helped destroy iraq's infrastructure *shrugs* should be allowed *shrugs* to help rebuild it; there's a terrible *shrugs* symmetry to it, *shrugs* the irony of which is probably lost *shrugs* to those in power. as for dean, *shrugs* i think his best bet is to *shrugs* pick up clark *shrugs* as his VP *shrugs* to help pull in centrists *shrugs* and moderate repubs *shrugs* who are unhappy with bush.

 Johnathan - I agree with the similarities between 2004 and 1996 with regards to the motivations of the political parties. One difference I see is what happened in the 1994 and 2002 mid-tem elections. Historically, the party out of power gains seats in Congress in the mid-terms. In 1994, that paragon of virtue (tic) Newt Gingrich managed to energize the Republicans on a national level to take back the House for the first time in 40 or so years. He then of course proceeded to blow his momentum and hand Clinton the White House in 1996 through a number of missteps. Fast forward to 2002, and Gephardt (sp?) was banking on retaking control of the House and firming control of the Senate. Instead, the House remainined in Republican control and the Senate went back to the Republicans. What does that mean for the upcoming election? Probably not a damn thing, but it is a difference. I do have to laugh at the Democrats first harping on the fact the Iraq was going to be a military disaster, which it was not. Then they latched on to the economy being terrible, but now it is recovering very nicely. So now they are back to Iraq and the post "war" efforts and saying we need to get things under control. But, I am not hearing many solutions, just pointing out the problems, which I fully agree are there. Angie - Thanks, that makes me much less afraid of Dean. I did not know he is a doctor. I have not heard any of Dean's details on the medical front and will not pay attention to them unless and until he becomes the actual nominee. But, one concern I have of government mandates on things like insurance and medicine, is that it smacks of socialism. Canada has socialized medicine. Everyone is covered and the quality of care is good from what I have witnessed. The problem is with availability of some forms of treatment. My mother, who handles the insurance for her doctor's office and has many chronic ailments (lupus, arthritis), told me the waiting list for heart catheterization is about 18 months in Canada. The problem is, when someone needs that procedure, they need it pretty much imediately. Most people don't survive 18 months, so they travel to the US and pony up the cash to have it done here. I guess my point is, for right or wrong, profit is what drives most things in this country. The insurance companies and doctors have to be able to profit from their work or they will do something else, creating a shortage. I will be curious to see how he addressed this in Vermont. If the government steps in much further, I am afraid that our medical system will be hurt severly. Case in point of the profit driven results is Viagra. I'm sure that there were many other diseases/conditions that Pfizer could have researched besides male impotence. But, look at the original target "audience" - Middle Aged White Males. They knew that they would be able to make a proverbial killing from the general affluence of that market. In the meantime, research into chronic illnesses go underfunded or totally unresearched. Mir - I would hope that we will utilize Iraqis as much as possible. However, given the magnitude of the problems that need to be addressed, I doubt that they have the numbers and/or specialties necessary to do it all. If we are talking road and bridge work, I would assume that the Iraqis have the ability to do those. But, if we are talking about updating the electrical system nationwide, they probably don't. Heck, given what happened here over the summer, you could say that neither the US or Canada do either.

 i think that most of the work to build up iraq should be given to iraqi companies or/and as many iraqis as possible should be employed for these projects.

 Answer from Ever-so-slightly-left-of-the-middle: Though Dean's stance is to be as anti-Bush as possible, if you actually listen to him in his speeches and campaigning, he's really not that leftist. He is about Bush (but not necessarily Iraq), and he is about health care (because he's a doctor). But in terms of gun control, abortion, the environment, blah blah blah, he's really no more left that the other candidates, if not leaning a little more towards moderate in such areas. And I think he's a fiscal conservative as well. He just likes to talk Bush-smack to get people all fired up, even if some of their non-foreign policy political ideologies are not so deeply divided. That's just what I gleaned from watching him the few times that I have...I just like him because of his health care reform. Being that I'm a non-senior-citizen with a disability, there aren't a lot of options for people like me, and I like his ideas on how to fix that. *shrugs* Bush-smack sounds...dirty. Sorry.

 Answer from the Middle: Dean's status in the polls is founded entirely on an anti-Bush movement. Ironically, the Left's motivation for this election -- we hate Bush, we gotta get rid of this man -- is very reminiscent of the Right's motivation in the Clinton era. Both sides -- the Right, then, and the Left, now -- lacked, and lack, a vision, a plan, a drive to execution. At 9/11, the Right reacted quickly with a vision and a plan, while the Left sputtered and blew the moment. Now the Left can only play catch-up, and the only thesis on the table is getting rid of Bush. The Left needs a vision, a plan, and a reliable leader to initiate the march -- one who won't throw it all away on a cigar and a beret. Until that happens, they will flail about in vague, yet honest, frustration and anger. For now, the Right has the money and the product: Fear sells, and everybody's buying.

 Thanks for the response. It clears up some things. And don't forget -- as long as an open seat remains, you're always welcome to return to RTG!

 Yesterday (or Tuesday), Al Gore endorsed Howard Dean to receive the Democratic Presidential nomination. What caught my attention was the press reporting of it. They said that Al Gore was a centrist Democrat and that Dean was much further left of him. Do you agree with this? If so, I am terrified to think that Dean might win the White House, as I have always considered Gore to be a fringe left wing loonie. If Dean truly is left of Gore.... On a funny note, Dean is aparently raising most of his money via the internet. If that is the case, he owes Al Gore two thank yous. First for the endorsement. But most importantly for the internet, because we all know that Al Gore invented the internet.

 Well, since I am the only one on the right remaining on the blog, I'll give you my opinion. As with most things, if you want to get a good idea of an entities reasoning for taking an action, follow the money. I saw many pieces of infomration back in January and February listing the reasons behind France's, Germany's, and to a lesser extent Russia's opposition to the then proposed military actions against Iraq. They were the top three countries in oil exploration and refining in Iraq, violating many of the UN sanctions against Iraq. They knew that any change in the government of Iraq would likely cost them those lucrative contracts, rights, and infrastructure. So they opposed it. I'll try to locate the information I saw back then and post it here. Now they are complaining that we won't let them benefit again on the backs of the Iraqi's. Additionally, I would bet, but don't know for sure, that the money for this work is coming from the US and maybe the UK. Why would either country want to give this money to someone else who opposed the action to begin with? Childish? Most definitely, but it is reality. Now, if you can show me some work that a) will not be done in a timely fashion because there are not enough companies to do the work or b) only a company from one of those countries is qualified to do, I will have a problem with it. Otherwise, you reap what you sow. As an add on to b), the only thing that I comes to mind right off hand is nuclear material clean up. France would be good at this since they provide a large percentage of their power through nuclear power, and are pretty good at dealing with the waste. But, since Iraq does not have a nuclear program, I guess that rules that possibility out.

 ben likes talking meat.

 Will someone on the right explain for what we are doing in Iraq? I learned this morning that companies native to any country that did not support the invasion are not allowed to help the reconstruction. I'm having trouble figuring out why this is a good idea.

 i thought the earthquake was coolio.

 here you go: urlLink 4.5 earthquake there was a mini-evacuation downtown where i work; lots of curious and confused folk outside their respective buildings, wondering what happened. apparently it was felt as far as petersburg; the link below suggests it was felt much further than that. here's a urlLink graph showing reports from around our area and beyond.

 Hm? My building's floor shook a while ago. But it does that on occasion, usually caused by passing trucks or some such. Strange if it was the same shake.

 Who else felt that? I thought someone ran into our building.

 Hmm. I did not consider the multiple images of Neo to be the previous One. I considered that they were merely images of what reaction the Matirx/Architect determined to be likely responses from Neo.

 Note that in the monitors, the previous Neos all look the same. Three possibilities: (1) this is an illustrative image by the filmmakers, to show that the previous anomalies were variations of a single effect, though of course they could not be the same physical body -- which means the monitors are there for either the audience's benefit or Neo's: ours, in that we need to have this concept presented graphically, or Neo's, in that the Architect is artificially recreating Neo's face to show what the previous anomalies have done, though they would have to have been historically different, unique physical individuals; (2) all anomalies, for some reason, assume within the matrix the physical appearance of what would be the 6th anomaly, i.e., simplisticly, the appearance of Keanu Reeves; or (3) the body of the single individual who represents the anomaly -- to simplify again, Keanu Reeves -- continues to be liberated from and reinserted into the matrix; thus, what we witness at the end could be what has happened five times before: the physical body returns to the Source, possibly to be placed once again into a stasis pod. Which means that Neo -- again, the physical body of Keanu Reeves -- has now experienced *six* violent liberations from his physical stasis pod. In this way, the cycle repeats not only within the Matrix, but in the physical world, as well.

 The Architect - Hello, Neo. Neo - Who are you? The Architect - I am the Architect. I created the matrix. I've been waiting for you. You have many questions, and although the process has altered your consciousness, you remain irrevocably human. Ergo, some of my answers you will understand, and some of them you will not. Concordantly, while your first question may be the most pertinent, you may or may not realize it is also irrelevant. Neo - Why am I here? The Architect - Your life is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced equation inherent to the programming of the matrix. You are the eventuality of an anomaly, which despite my sincerest efforts I have been unable to eliminate from what is otherwise a harmony of mathematical precision. While it remains a burden to sedulously avoid it, it is not unexpected, and thus not beyond a measure of control. Which has led you, inexorably, here. Neo - You haven't answered my question. The Architect - Quite right. Interesting. That was quicker than the others. *The responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors* Others? What others? How many? Answer me!' The Architect - The matrix is older than you know. I prefer counting from the emergence of one integral anomaly to the emergence of the next, in which case this is the sixth version. *Again, the responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors* Five versions? Three? I've been lied too. This is bullshit! Neo : There are only two possible explanations: either no one told me, or no one knows. The Architect - Precisely. As you are undoubtedly gathering, the anomaly is systemic, creating fluctuations in even the most simplistic equations. *Once again, the responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors* You can't control me! Fuck you! I'm going to kill you! You can't make me do anything! Neo - Choice. The problem is choice. * The scene cuts to Trinity fighting an agent, and then back to the Architect's room * The Architect - The first matrix I designed was quite naturally perfect. It was a work of art, flawless, sublime. A triumph equaled only by its monumental failure. The inevitability of its doom is as apparent to me now as a consequence of the imperfection inherent in every human being. Thus, I redesigned it based on your history to more accurately reflect the varying grotesqueries of your nature. However, I was again frustrated by failure. I have since come to understand that the answer eluded me because it required a lesser mind, or perhaps a mind less bound by the parameters of perfection. Thus, the answer was stumbled upon by another, an intuitive program, initially created to investigate certain aspects of the human psyche. If I am the father of the matrix, she would undoubtedly be its mother. Neo - The Oracle. The Architect - Please. As I was saying, she stumbled upon a solution whereby nearly 99.9% of all test subjects accepted the program, as long as they were given a choice, even if they were only aware of the choice at a near unconscious level. While this answer functioned, it was obviously fundamentally flawed, thus creating the otherwise contradictory systemic anomaly, that if left unchecked might threaten the system itself. Ergo, those that refused the program, while a minority, if unchecked would constitute an escalating probability of disaster. Neo - This is about Zion. The Architect - You are here because Zion is about to be destroyed. Its every living inhabitant terminated, its entire existence eradicated. Neo - Bullshit. *The responses of the other Ones appear on the monitors* Bullshit! The Architect - Denial is the most predictable of all human responses. But, rest assured, this will be the sixth time we have destroyed it, and we have become exceedingly efficient at it. * Scene cuts to Trinity fighting an agent, and then back to the Architect's room. * The Architect - The function of the One is now to return to the source, allowing a temporary dissemination of the code you carry, reinserting the prime program. After which you will be required to select from the matrix 23 individuals: 16 female, 7 male, to rebuild Zion. Failure to comply with this process will result in a cataclysmic system crash killing everyone connected to the matrix, which coupled with the extermination of Zion will ultimately result in the extinction of the entire human race. Neo - You won't let it happen, you can't. You need human beings to survive. The Architect - There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept. However, the relevant issue is whether or not you are ready to accept the responsibility for the death of every human being in this world. *The Architect presses a button on a pen that he is holding, and images of people from all over the matrix appear on the monitors* The Architect - It is interesting reading your reactions. Your five predecessors were by design based on a similar predication, a contingent affirmation that was meant to create a profound attachment to the rest of your species, facilitating the function of the one. While the others experienced this in a very general way, your experience is far more specific. Vis-a-vis, love. *Images of Trinity fighting the agent from Neo's dream appear on the monitors* Neo - Trinity. The Architect - Apropos, she entered the matrix to save your life at the cost of her own. Neo - No! The Architect - Which brings us at last to the moment of truth, wherein the fundamental flaw is ultimately expressed, and the anomaly revealed as both beginning, and end. There are two doors. The door to your right leads to the source, and the salvation of Zion. The door to the left leads back to the matrix, to her, and to the end of your species. As you adequately put, the problem is choice. But we already know what you're going to do, don't we? Already I can see the chain reaction, the chemical precursors that signal the onset of emotion, designed specifically to overwhelm logic, and reason. An emotion that is already blinding you from the simple, and obvious truth: she is going to die, and there is nothing that you can do to stop it. *Neo walks to the door on his left* The Architect - Hmph. Hope. It is the quintessential human delusion, simultaneously the source of your greatest strength, and your greatest weakness. Neo - If I were you, I would hope that we don't meet again. The Architect - We won't.

 Two cents: I think the machines kept Neo alive for fear that if he died, another One would appear and the cycle would repeat. Same with why they chose not to destroy Zion -- because inevitably the cycle would repeat, and they'd have to do it again. The Oracle allowed Smith to absorb her so that she could help Neo when he confronted Smith in the final battle; she was left behind when Smith was destroyed. Speaking for yelahneb: Ben's theory is that Neo has been altered with cyborg-like implants that allow him to connect with the machines. I'm not satisfied with this interpretation, but I haven't come up with anything more satisfying myself. In general, it seemed to me that the goal was not victory/defeat (1 or 0), but the breaking of a cycle: something that was neither 1 nor 0.

 I watched for twenty minutes, was wildly unentertained and turned it off. Seemed like change for the sake of change. I mentioned to Angie, I've always felt that if we don't like someone because they're unlikeable, the script is good; if we don't like someone because we're supposed to not like them, the script is bad. A lot of "this one's supposed to be evil;" "this one's supposed to be good;" "oh, now, this one's supposed to be a rascal, look out." I might try again some random day when it reruns. Lower expectations might help on a second attempt.

 Did anyone else watch the first part of the Battlestar Galactica mini-series last night?

 ...until then, gaze upon these urlLink curious lucre , brought to you by the fine persons at urlLink lileks.com .

 hey, my contract runs out at the end of this month! whee!

 Never fun. My own contract ends January 6. I hope a door opens for you before this one closes.

 My show is closing. urlLink http://www.playbill.com/news/article/83082.html urlLink http://www.broadway.com/template_1.asp?CI=32666&CT=38

 so that's why you can't fight city hall.

 seems i wasn't the only one serving urlLink fake turkey this year...

 And bureaucracy hates you. Oh yes. It hates you with a blinding, seething, murderous rage. Its fingers itch with longing to wrap around your soft, fragile neck and twist it with such violence that your tongue hangs loose and your eyes roll back and all goes white and pale and you slide once and for all into total oblivion. Bureaucracy hates you, Miss Contentment. It wishes nothing more than your desperate, fruitless clawing at empty air as you come face to face with your sad, painful, pathetic destiny. Bureaucracy hates you. And it will find you. And you will know despair.

 gah! i hate bureaucracy

 urlLink someone to dine for

 At last, good news: "Howard Dean wins the "Drunk and Happy" award"

 Alarming: "Al Sharpton wins the "Beautiful Corpse" award"

 And, who knew? "George Bush wins the Pussy Hound award"

 However... "George Bush wins the Motherfucker award"

 Equally ineffective: "No One wins the Sugarcock award"

 My Google Race query result: "No One wins the "Fucking Whore Ass" award"

 urlLink Google Race 2004!

 Aparently the recently rumored new B5 based series is one step closer to reality. JMS said he was working on a script to be ready in the next few weeks. It has a working name of B5:TMoS. One person guessed (tic) that it was B5: The Making of Spoo.

 If you move past the debate of whether or not the project is needed or if the benefits out weigh the costs/impacts, then we design the projects with human safety as the number one criteria. The FAA has specific requirements for the grades (steepness) of runways, taxiways and the areas surrounding them to provide a safe operational environment. Local, state, and Federal requirements then dictate that the designs be accomplished with the smallest amount of impcat to waters of the US, wetlands, and forests (especially in Maryland - the tree is as holy as cows are in India). It all ends up being a balancing act of safe environment, limited environmental impacts, and minimizing costs (which are 95% funded by the FAA). In the end, the owner usually does not have too much input on the specifics of how something is done, after all that is what they are paying me for. They just want their new runway (in this case) and leave the details to us. To answewr your question, we go to the middle ground as much as possible, if for no other reason than it is legally required. If I did not have these restrictions, my job would be much easier, but also way more boring. It is kind of funny because in WWII there were alot of airfield constructed. In Virginia alone Norfolk, Richmond, Newport News, Roanoke, Suffolk, Franklin, West Point, Emporia, Petersburg, Accomack, and Danville were all constructed in the early 1940's. For the most part these were built by the Army on swamp land. Today, they would never be built, because of all the wetland (swamp) impacts. The group that oversees wetlands? The US Army Corps of Engineers. How's that for irony?

 What is your take on environmental issues vs. airports? When engineering, do you design entirely in favor of the client (the owners, I assume), or do you recommend middle ground? My dad was an engineer who sold the chemicals used to make circuit boards, but was always aware of their environmental impact, even though he had little control over the product (beyond understanding and explaining the ways how his product would be more safe than a competitor's in this instance or that, if the customer asked).

 Thanks. I got a call from the reporter on Tuesday to confirm some things. I hate talking to them because of the fear of being misquoted on a sensitive subject. It is really bad when something the consultant says to the press raises a firestorm of local reaction.

 Also -- Congratulations on making the Washington Post! It must be very rewarding to be recognized out of town, even in one paragraph. Always cool to know an expert in a field, regardless of the field.

 If the [government] can misrepresent something relatively simple, [like Iraq's WMDs or its links to 9-11], how much [does it] get wrong on issues where people don't know the details? Not presenting the truth, in my opinion, is the same as [lying in running a government]. It's unlikely that anyone who has entered the public forum can be taken wholly at face value. Thanks for the words! ;-)

 This is why I don't trust the press to be fair in their reporting. At least sites/organizations like Salon and Rush Limbaugh are honest about their view of things. urlLink The press' representation of the public hearing I presented at on Monday Now, there is nothing untrue in the article. But, it leaves the impression that there was only dissent. There were 5 speakers - 1 (Mr. Wilmont) expressed environmental concerns, 1 (Mr. McHaffey) expressed concerns about property value and noise, the other 3 were speaking in favor of the project. Mr. Wilmont's comments were well expressed and received (unlike some public hearings I have attended where people were ranting and raving), and his comments are acurately and fully presented in the article. Mr. McHaffey was more concerned with the rezoning of his property from residential to industrial in the past couple of years. He has consistently (for the last 6 years anyway) complained about helicopter noise. The proposed development will neither add to nor subtract from the helipcopter operations. Again, while nothing printed is untrue of what he said, the emphasis of his comments is misrepresented. Given the title of the article, you would think that nothing positive was said on the hearing. There were 3 people speaking in favor of the project, and 4 of the 5 Commissioner's (same as Supervisors in Virginia) had positive comments and expectations resulting from the proposed expansion. The last Commissioner did not comment. My point is this. If the press can misrepresent something relatively simple with a negative tilt, how much do they get wrong on issues where people don't know the details? Reporters are supposed to report the facts and leave the opinions for the editorial page. Not presenting the whole truth, in my opinion, is the same as stating your own opinions in a news story.

 urlLink Bush - Cheney 2004!

 the ad you won't see during the superbowl - urlLink http://www.moveon.org/cbs/ad/

 i'll probably be moving to canada in december : ``We genuinely don't think the questions of rights should be decided by popularity contests or general elections or even the majority. When you are a minority, you want the Constitution to decide these issues and that's what courts are for.'' - a quote from a canadian regarding legally-recognizing homosexual marriages.

 oh, and let me give credit to angie for that quiz

 You are Galadriel's Mirrorball. A gift to her from Sauron in the days when he masked his evil, you wreak havoc among the weak-minded. The elven queen herself has been seen sneaking away to her secret glade to dance the night away to wicked music. You may be the downfall of Middle-Earth. urlLink Which completely non-existant Lord of the Rings object are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 By car and camel

 how did everyone get home on sunday?

 Uh...no.

 oh my god! you've had all those guys at your house for 2 days!

 Just overheard on MSNBC that the current administration is officially stating that no WMDs will be found in Iraq. I was in the other room, though, so I may have heard wrong...

 Just dug out three cars, cleared two spaces, and pushed out a fourth car. Unemployment isn't what it used to be!

 are you guys stuckoverat johnathan's house?

 you are super cool, nick- i don't care what jason says about you.

 What was the point of the ribs thing and why would the White House post it on their website? Talk about bizarre. Note that the question is not aimed at Ben. If the President really was concerned about the woman's business, he would not have gone there are all since the Secret Service probably shut down her restaurant for a couple of hours and scared away all her normal business.

 Greetings from Zagreb! Thought it would be fun to post from a little further away than usual. I'm in Zagreb, Croatia, where I did a gig last night (this is a pretty jet-setting time for me - I'm in Berlin in a few days). It was my first time doing a gig to an audience who predominantly spoke English only as a second or third language. Very interesting. They were fine with most of the references (Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair, Harry Potter) and highly amused that my surname means 'poo' in the country of my betrothed. The Bosnia/Croatia war was a no-go area, since Britain and France opposed Croatia's independence (I knew John Major would one day try to ruin a gig for me) and I think they were a little taken aback by my take on Catholicism, but it was a great night and felt really historic. This is Croatia's first attempt at starting stand-up comedy and it was only their second show. It's weird - I've never been shown actually doing my act on TV in Britain but in Croatia it took exactly one night. Today I walked around Zagreb for about 3 hours. It's a really beautiful city and has pretty much recovered from the war, cosmetically at least (socially, they have that World Bank/IMF thing going on: 5 per cent of the population is filthy rich and 40 per cent are below the poverty line). Anyway, I've enjoyed being here immensely and thought I'd share. The home page of the PC in my hotel is a hardcore porn site, which maybe isn't surprising for a Catholic country still in the throes of post-Communist freedom. Nick

 be at game from 12:30 until 3:30 - luc must go for awhile - she told me so.

 meanwhile, in Roswell, NM: urlLink ribs. ribs, damn you!

 gaming stuff - guys, i will not be able to be there this sunday. i just got a new job and i need to brush up some of my skills before monday - so i'm going to be spending my weekend studying. joy! hopefully, mr. ben will agree to play the part of luc - and perhaps even miriam.

 i got fitted for my bridesmaid's dress last night and despite what johnathan may think, i think i've got some junk going on in this trunk.

 the democrats want to beat bush and they will accept no weakness from their top contenders - either win or be torn apart. it's a pretty rough primary this time around.

 Somebody explain something to me. I'm sure it will come as no surprise that I don't care too much for Dean. That being said, why is he being crucified for his animated speech after the Iowa Caucuses? Was it over the top? Sure. Was he out of control? I don't think so, he was caught up in the excitement of the crowd. Give the guy a break. He just saw his big lead disappear in a very short period of time and was pretty disappointed. If you (pundits) want to pick him apart, at least do it based on the issues. Although, I did see a couple of funny clips about it from Jay Leno and John Stewart. But they will pick at any public figure.

 somebody best give me a job soon or i'm going to eat some pudding pie!

 For a moment I was trying to figure out Rush's political leanings, or if Peart, Lee, or Lifeson had recently been addicted to painkillers...kind of amusing, once I recognized the actual reference...

 Fair warning to all - Since the station I used to listen to (Star 107 - mostly 80's) just changed formats to all Elvis all the time, and football season is over (meaning I have no interest in listening to any of the sports stations) and that this is an election year, I have decided to start listening to Rush again. It has been over a year and it may not last long, but my posts may be more rabid then normal as I get exposed to more of the events (filtered through a majorly tilted view). I'll let you know if the pain killers altered his mind.

 I was equal parts annoyed and amused until... a) He started talking about healthcare, which made me want to throw all my medical and prescription bills in his face right after I kicked his ass b) He flat-out dissed gay marriages Beyond that, it was all just kind of in one ear and out the other... Oh, but there is one thing. Mr. President, the word is NU-KLEE-ER, not NU-CUE-LER. Thank you.

 Gusev Crater, Tarus 23, XXVI (MPI) -- A spokesthing for Mars Air Force denounced as false rumors that an alien space craft crashed in the desert, outside of Ares Vallis on Saturday. Appearing at a press conference today, General Rgrmrmy The Lesser stated that "the object was, in fact, a harmless high-altitude weather balloon, not an alien spacecraft". The story broke late Saturday night when a major stationed at nearby Ares Vallis Air Force Base contacted the Gusev Crater Daily Record with a story about a strange, balloon-shaped object which allegedly came down in the nearby desert, "bouncing" several times before coming to a stop, and "deflating in a sudden explosion of alien gases." Minutes later, General Rgrmrmy contacted the Daily Record telepathically to contradict the earlier report. General Rgrmrmy stated that hysterical stories of a detachable vehicle roaming across the Martian desert were blatant fiction, provoked by incidences involving swamp gas. But the general public has been slow to accept the Air Force's explanation of recent events, preferring to speculate on the "other-worldly" nature of the crash debris. Conspiracy theorists have condemned Rgrmrmy's statements as evidence of "an obvious government cover-up," pointing out that Mars no longer has any swamps. They point to the release of secret government memos detailing attempts to discredit reports of the landings by alien space craft. Local residents, like Driv Rhodo, who lives in the area of the alleged landings, are even more skeptical. "I seen it with my own 5 eyes" claimed Rhodo last week. "I've lived here over 300 years, most of my adult life-form. Them things used to be few and far between but lately they come in every few years or so. The government wants to bury the truth but I can tell you what's real. The Earthlings are going to invade and the government is spending our hard earned tax dollars on press releases and denials instead of preparing for the battle to come." A spokesthing denied any government involvement in the disappearance of Rhodo, who has not been seen since shortly after the interview, claiming "Any sentient being knows that a planet with the concentrations of water and oxygen found on Earth is a deadly and inhospitable environment for the formation of life, much less intelligent life. The fear and consternation caused by the unfounded and wild speculations of citizens like Rhodo are a traitorous disservice to the citizens of Mars."

 I listened to about 15 minutes of the State of the Union last night while driving home (which means I heard about 1 minute of speaking and 14 minutes of Republicans standing and clapping). Forgetting the topic of the exchange for a minute, I did hear a funny thing. Bush was talking about the expiration of the "let's get all the dirt we can on everyone and imprison people without due process" act. He paused for some reason, probably dramatic effect. At which point there was a smattering of applause from who I assume were Democrats. Then he continued and said that the terrorist threat would not expire on the same deadline, which of course got a tremendous round of applause. I saw a replay of that portion of the tape this morning. He definitely enjoyed that little "gotcha" moment. And, like I said, ignoring the topic it surrounded for a moment, it was kind of funny. Other than that, as much as I like politics, I can't stand the State of Union address. It never really amounts to more than a chance for politicians to put on a public show of what they are for and against. The party in power will say that it was a great speech. The party out of power will say it failed to discuss the really important issues. Instead, we watched a rerun of Early Edition on PAX.

 Oh, and one more thing...I don't know about emotionally traumatic experiences, but I know from experience that physically traumatic experiences can alter your chemistry. Since the breast reduction, I put weight on different areas of my body than I did before. Also, doctors have attributed the triggering of fibro to severe physical trauma. With me, it was most likely the breaking of bones and the whiplash-inducing car accidents I had near the onset of puberty.

 God, I don't read the blog for a couple of days, and suddenly you guys are all prolific on my ass... 1) I'm for Dean, because as a disabled person, his views on healthcare reform are compelling to me. 2) I adored "Lost in Translation" for the same reasons Johnathan did, and a few others. One, it was very reminiscent of a relationship that I was once in. Two, as an actor currently studying acting, I was fascinated by the performances and their varying techniques/approaches to their characters/styles, etc. Their work was all so intimate that I almost felt voyueristic watching it at times, especially Bill Murray. And I thought it was a beautiful story about a remarkable connection between two people. That human quality is something I enjoy in movies... 3) I thank God that taste changes over time, or I'd still be listening to my "Rainbow Brite" LP about 50 times a day. I agree with Johnathan that the tastes in almost anything (food, music, activities, films, etc.) that I've "outgrown," so to speak, will always hold a nostalgic value for me, even if I don't engage in them with any frequency anymore. 4) Comfort is my new favorite restaurant...FRIED OKRA!!! 5) Today was my first day of classes, and while I'm excited about the resurgence of productivity in my daily schedule, it absolute whooped my fibro-ridden ass. Much pain now. Me go bed. 6) Oh, and I love Johnathan!

 i think it would also be interesting to find out if traumatic experiences can actually effect our brain chemistry, long term.

 That's interesting Johnathan. In regards to music I have an eclectic taste. I like the rock music of the 70's and 80's since they represent a much simpler and generally more enjoyable time of my life (nostalgia). I can't stand most of today's music, partly based on lyrics/topics and partly based on the music itself. I love big band music (Glenn Miller, Benny Goodman, et. al) probably because I played alot of that in the jazz bands I was in in high school and college. But for straight artistry, I love classical music (in the general definition of orchestral music). Bach, Beethoven Tchaichovsky, Mussorgsky, Rossini, Copland, Wagner, Gershwin, even some Bernstein, and on and on. When I get a chance and have had a stressful day or week, I lay flat on my back in front of the speakers and listen to some of this music, lose myself in the intricacies of the music and end up feeling much more relaxed and focused. Sorry for drifting off topic there, but my point was that I had never thought about the fact that my taste in music has not changed much over the years and how that relates to heart and mind. That would be an interesting study (what do changes in taste of art reflect on the growth of person?) I bet some doctoral candidate has studied that at some point.

 I did not come up with this. I've seen it before with different people as the subject, but here goes. With all your honor and dignity what would you do? This test only has one question, but it's a very important one. Please don't answer it without giving it some serious thought. By giving an honest answer you will be able to test where you stand morally. The test features an unlikely, completely fictional situation, where you will have to make a decision one way or the other. Remember that your answer needs to be honest, yet spontaneous. Please scroll down slowly and consider each line - this is important for the test to work accurately. You're in Florida...In Miami, to be exact... There is great chaos going on around you, caused by a hurricane and severe floods ....... There are huge masses of water everywhere.... You are a CNN photographer and you are in the middle of this great disaster. The situation is nearly hopeless. You're trying to shoot very impressive photos. There are houses and people floating around you, disappearing into the water. Nature is showing all its destructive power and is ripping everything away with it. Suddenly you see a man in the water, he is fighting for his life, trying not to be taken away by the masses of water and mud. You move closer. Somehow the man looks familiar. Suddenly you know who it is - it's George W. Bush! At the same time you notice that the raging waters are about to take him away...forever. You have two options. You can save him or you can take the best photo of your life. So you can save the life of George W. Bush, or you can shoot a Pulitzer prize winning photo. A unique photo displaying the death of one of the world's most powerful men. And here's the question: (Please give an honest answer) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Would you select colour film, or go with the simplicity of classic black and white?

 My taste changes over time as well, though the recognition of objective quality (as I define it) remains constant. It's probably more accurate to say what I "like" changes over time, while what I admire or value remains the same. I will always admire and value the craft and artistry of Pink Floyd. But I rarely listen to them anymore. When I do, I find I'm only visiting old stomping grounds. The appeal is only in appreciation of craft and nostalgia for a time or place. I am grateful for what they gave me at that time, but I now go to other sources for meaning or sustenance. That said, I experience my changes in preference as a slow continuum. If they happen rapidly for you, perhaps it is as I initially proposed -- that your relationship with art is largely, if not exclusively, personal and emotional. In the context of this post, the heart changes more frequently than the mind.

 johnathan - that's an interesting thought. i had a weird thing happen to me this year, in terms of movies i like: i used to love the purple rose of cairo. i watched it about 4 months ago and i thought it was one of the most contrived pieces of crap that i'd ever seen - what happened? can a person's taste change that much over the course of a few years?

 although this means he will immediately change it, this so far has been a reliable way of distinguishing my posts from johnathan's - he always has the word "harmony" as part of his user id.

 Movies? What are these movies you speak of? Are they a type of class? Seriously though, I have only seen Terminator 3. I have not even heard of "American Splendor." There is nothing wrong with mass market films (baaa). I want to go see RotK, but Julie has no desire to, and has not even seen TT yet, so she would be lost anyway (baaa). Sorry, all this political discussion has me responding loke a politician and not answering your question (baaa). BTW, who is this? Johnathan or Mir?

 Miriam -- From my observation of your reactions to movies and music over the years, I think it's safe to say that content is the key for you. If the content doesn't connect, you won't like the film. In that sense, it seems likely that you prefer either filmed essays or escapist tales. There's nothing wrong with this; it's just seems to be how you relate to the arts. That said, I suspect that Lost in Translation did not get you because the content wasn't engaging. Because without the content, I feel there is plenty of evidence throughout that it is still a strong example of storytelling, character exploration, and filmcraft. It seems to me that you approach the arts as a seeker -- a seeker of either ideas or entertainment -- rather than as an aesthete. There is nothing invalid about approaching a work solely as a seeker; but the more personal the quest, the more limited the experience. As for myself, the film connected profoundly with me, both personally and aesthetically. I suspect that the film's content did not resonate with any aspect of your own personal search, and was promptly (and validly, for you) dismissed in all remaining categories.

 i have a question about movies. i didn't really like "lost in translation" or "american splendor" i've heard really good reviews but they didn't move me or change me or even really entertain me that much. i have to say my favorite films of last year were in order: 1. return of the king 2. pirates of the carribean 3. terminator 3 and yes, that is kinda embarrassing to admit. while i enjoy action/adventure films, and i realize that return of the king is more than that, it isn't normally my entire list. i don't usually even enjoy mass-market films - so my question to anyone with an opinion about this is: why did you like lost in translation? what was good about bill murray's performance? - why did you like american splendor?

 Nick - According to the book, what was the most scandalous thing going on? I don't have time to read much anymore, and have never really read any non-fiction political books. I only point to the vote counting since that is what the two rulings from the Supreme Court were about and the origin of the "Selected, not Elected" mantra that Jesse Jackson and others continue to throw out. I read part of the Greg Palast link. If that is part of what you are referring to, then I would have to ask about the military absentee ballots that were discarded because they did not have post marks? While certainly not a monolithic block ,the majority of military votes got to the Republicans. These soldiers were serving in Bosnia and Saudi Arabia and Korea, but their votes were discarded because of a technicality of the military postal system. There is no fool proof system. To assert that the incompetence / laziness of the company (IBT?) was deliberate a full 7 months in advance of the election assigns them the power of clairvoiance to know that the election was going to be decided by the extremely close margin it was. There is also the assumption that all of the people that were scrubbed (terrible word IMO) would have a) voted and b) voted for Gore (and not Bush or any of the other 5 or 6 candidates). I don't think you will find many people who live in the real world that think that the 2000 election nationwide, not just in Florida, was unflawed. There was the judge in St. Louis who ordered the polls to remain open 3 or 4 hours longer in one area for a reason that I can't recall. That area just happened to be a largely black area and one where the Democrats were going door to door to get people to go vote. There was also the "math error" that led the networks to call Florida before the polls has closed. It is impossible to know how many, if any, people in the panhandle, a largely Republican area, did not bother to vote because of this announcement. Then there was the voter incompetence in Palm Beach(?) where the people did not know how to read the ballot. The ballot they used there was the same type used in Chesterfield, and it was 100% clear to me. It was a mess. Back to a conversation from many months ago, I think many of the problems (election wise) would be solved if our participation in the process was increased. 50% for the presidential election is downright pathetic. The reason I think it would be solved is that I think the Democrats would win handily as they have done a better job of selling class warfare (rich vs. poor) and convincing the "working class" that the government is the answer to everything when compared to the Republican belief that less governemnt is better. The Democrats message sells better if you don't dig into it, so it would win. Count me as one of the yays on the legitimacy of the election. I have no idea on the commission. Who was supposed to running it?

 i'm willing to say i'm sorta for clark.

 i just went to comfort last night! were you there too?

 JFK and Clinton both had much more political experience than Edwards. If Edwards was on his second term in the senate instead of his first, then maybe we would be talking presidential hopes here. he's too inexperienced.

 I just found a strange contraption called Beagle II on my roof. Should I tell someone? About the militarisation of space, I agree with John that it looks like being inevitable at this point - not that I think we should be happy with that. That NASA is the mechanism via which the public can be made to fund military research is nothing new, either. Most high technology, from telecoms to nuclear weapons, is a result of public subsidies. The main raison d'etre of the Pentagon system was to set up this system. Once the public has paid the cost, the technology gets turned over to private enterprise to collect the profits (I believe the term for this is 'free enterprise'). And if the private enterprise gets in trouble, the public bails them out. Yay! Risk-free capitalism! We have satellites and computers because the Pentagon and NASA covered for it (in the US - we have our own versions too, of course. I think Alan Turing got military funding, for instance, although don't quote me.). These things are now profitable, so they get handed over to big private corporations. This is an open secret - it's not talked about much in public, since most people don't like it when they realise they're paying to make rich people even richer, and effectively underwriting any risk, but on the other hand it needs to be known in the right sectors because, well, companies have to know where their free money's coming from. urlLink "This transfer between public and private industry is called Spinoff at NASA." The Bush stealing the election thing... It's funny how every pro-Bush comment I ever read focuses on ballot-counting and chads, as though those were the most scandalous things going on. The best book I've read on the Florida debacle is The Best Democracy Money Can Buy . Honestly, I didn't even think it was controversial to say he stole it, but the front page of today's Independent says that 54 per cent of Americans believe he was legitimately elected. What's your impression in the belly of the beast? Also, can anyone point me to the investigative commission that concluded it was stolen? urlLink Greg Palast told me about it, but we were interrupted as he was telling me where to find it and I haven't had much luck searching online. Hope you're all well.

 Julie was watching "I Want to Marry Ryan Banks" on ABC Family last night. I walked by at one point and saw the female star and it took me a second to realize that it was Emma Caufield (Anya). She was definitely not the dumb naive character she was in Buffy.

 I've been for Kerry from the beginning. I think my current state of unemployment is (for now) my own strategic choice. I think venturing from this planet is the only thing of value that our species can do. I remain conflicted about the invasion and occupation of Iraq. I miss Buffy, though I realize the show had nowhere else to go. "Lost in Translation" remains my favorite film of last year. I am excited about the semester beginning today, though I wish I had more time for gaming. "Comfort" on the 200(?) block of Broad is a fantastic restaurant. And I love Angie!

 Wow. What happened to Dean? I guess his angry-all-the-time approach did not resonate well with Iowans. I'm actually most scared of Edwards at this point. He is young, energetic, and charismatic - traits similar to JFK and Clinton(shudder). It is too early for me to get into analyzing their politics since they will change 100 times between now and the convention. Who is the favorite amongst my Bush hating friends?

 it's okay john - you're still my #1 paladin.

 Sorry Mir, the attack the the post thing was me thinking out loud to myself, not aimed at you or anybody else. Just another example of how this medium fails to convey meanings at time.

 john, i'm not trying to attack the poster,i'm merely stating a point. i used people from the blogger as examples because we are familiar with them and encourages more participation from others on the blog. so i just like to talk politics - i'm really not trying to offend anyone. but beyond that - 29,000 is rich - if you are single with no dependents, and if you keep in mind the current poverty level for one person caps out at 9,000. yes, that's right, fellow bloggers - if you make 9,001 dollars - no matter where you live - you are not considered poor by the federal government. and yes, you are right, a good deal of economics, as well as most things, are cyclical - however, the acts of the president and congress can determine how long those cycles last.

 Ben - I wasn't referring to her physical whereabouts. I knew that she had been at FSU at some point recently. I was merely referring to her presence on the blog (and in the e-mail ring prior to that) and therefore seeing my previous comments on the 2000 election. As for the political differences, I guess I have never really felt that I have seen your opinions. I have seen the links you post on the political issues, but I don't take that as necessarily that you agree 100% with them. Much like if I was to post a link to the Weekly Standard or New Republic or whatever one of the conservative rags are, I doubt you would find that I agree with it 100%. It also sounds like you feel like I did from the moment Clinton took office and declared me, a fresh college graduate making $29,000 a year to be rich. From that moment on, I wanted that man out of office and would strongly argue against anything he said. Miriam - I can't respond to most of your post without seriously offending some people personally, and I do not want to that. Argue and attack the points, not the poster, so I won't. The economy is a cyclical thing. We had about 10 years of positive growth from the early 80's to early 90's, then a recession, then about 6-7 years of positive growth from 93-94 to early 2000. It will happen again.

 john: there's so much i could say in response to your post, but i can only explain my outrage at the current state of affairs so many times; maybe nick will jump in with some thoughts. you don't see things the way i do in regards to politics, and you probably never will. but i have to wonder if to some degree we're just talking about how we feel about the facts, rather than the facts themselves. regardless, i will say this: you are wrong about my sister's whereabouts in november of 2000. she was at ground zero, my friend - living in florida, witnessing firsthand much of the foolishness that went on there.

 john - just on this point, i think we are no where near having a fully recovered economy, which of course, does not mean 0% unemployment, but it does mean that well-paying professional jobs are available for those who have the skills and education to acquire them. eva - undergrad biology - unemployed. ben - underemployed. me - ba - contract work. etc. etc. etc. - yes, we could all go out today and get a minumum wage job and barely scrape by and pay most of our bills. but is that the american dream now? get your education, work hard, and then stay around the poverty line due to a stalled economy? what happened to all of the perks of full time employment?

 yes, i lifted this quote from dear abby, but what the hey: In the words of Martin Luther King Jr., whose birthday we remember today: "To retaliate in kind would do nothing but intensify the existence of hate in the universe. Along the way of life, someone must have sense enough, and morality enough, to cut off the chain of hate."

 "The space program is bullshit." - Don't hold back, tell us how you really feel! ;) Seriously though, is it the whole space program or just this latest decision/pronouncement you don't like? We have and continue to enjoy the after effects of the initial Apollo missions with the spin off technologies. I don't see that we will have the same boost as we got in the 60's from this, but that is the great thing about technology - you don't know about something useful until someone invents it. "...the fact that over 9 million Americans (including myself) are unemployed..." - What exactly makes someone unemployed? Is my wife unemployed? She has no paying job but also does not want one right now. Is she included in those statistics? What about the artist/actor who does not have a job because they are busy trying to get a part or find a patron? They could at least respond to any of the fast food restaurants that always have "Now Hiring" signs out front. Are they included? 9 out of roughly 250 is 4%, which I think is lower than the rates I had heard (~6%), so it makes my wonder even more as to exactly how they come up with the numbers. It just proves the saying that there are three types of information - lies, damn lies, and statistics. Note that I am not saying that we don't have too much unemployment. I would love for there to be 0%, but short of the government hiring anyone without a job to do something, I don't think the government has the responsibility or even power to do anything about it. "...our economy has continuously gone downhill ..." - The economic downturn/recession/depression/dip/or whatever the hell you want to call it began noticeably in March of 2000 when the stock market went through its "correction" (I hate that term, but that's what they call it). The NASDAQ went from 5000 to 2000 in something like 6 weeks and the NYSE had a similar drop, taking down many peoples retirement and college education savings with it. A friend of mine stupidly was holding the money he had made from the sale of his house in NASDAQ and watched it get reduced to about 1/4 of the original amount. Let's see, I believe that in March of 2000, Governor Bush was trying to secure the Republican nomination for the White House. And let's see, yeah I can see where President Bush was directly responsible for allowing the terrorist attacks that lead to the deaths of ~3,300 people, shaking our country to it's core, and causing an already weak economy to weaken further. But the really bad news for the argument is that the economy has grown for the last two quarters and the highest rates in 20 years. "...Bush stole the presidency..." - Sigh. Miriam, help me out here. How many times have I addressed this one in the last 3 years? 20? I know that Eva was not here for them, so I will state my response again. There are laws in place in every state that govern the way public elections are to be held. They were followed in Florida, but Al Gore wanted to change them so that the ballots would be counted again (making three times if I remember correctly). Bush appealed to the State Supreme Court, which upheld the decision to go ahead and recount. Bush then appealed to the US Supreme Court, who finally voted 5-4 to stop the recounts and declare a winner based on the votes counted. The Democrats cried foul and this was partisan politics. If it had truly been partisan, the vote would have been 7-2, as that is the breakdown of R vs. D appointees. What that showed to me was that the court was deeply divided, but made a ruling and it was carried out without the violence that probably would have occurred in other countries. The Democrats keep bringing up the 500,000 more votes that Gore received. If our system of elections was based on straight count, then that would be a valid point. But, since the US Constitution clearly spells out the Electoral College process, it does not matter. What the Democrats should be doing is trying to shore up support in the states where they were close, transferring the popular vote to electoral votes and possibly a White House win (shudder). As a side note, one or two of the Florida newspapers went back after the fact and counted the ballots. There was a slight change in the numbers, but Bush still won the state by some ridiculously close margin (around 200 votes). "...(1)poorly thought out, and (2)expensive, (3)publicity stunt." - (1) I don't think it is poorly thought out. All that he has done is to set a target. Was Kennedy's proclamation poorly thought out in 1961? (2) Yes it will be (3) Probably so. But then again, anytime a President announces something, it can probably be considered a publicity stunt or at the very least politically motivated (see the recent immigration announcement) "He's just cutting funding and jobs from other NASA programs. " - Would you rather he keep funding them and come up with the money from, say, Medicare? Will any of those people, say working on the Space Shuttle, be able to transfer to the new programs? I would hope so. I found out with some dismay this weekend that Sean O'Keefe (NASA administrator) announced that the next HST maintenance mission has been scrubbed. The current gyros have a 50% chance of failing in the next year and 75% within the next two years. Once they go, Hubble will not be usable. Additionally, the mission was going to boost it into a higher orbit. Without this, it sounds like Hubble will reenter the atmosphere sometime in the next 2-4 years. The replacement telescope is not scheduled to be launched until 2008-2011. Congratulations on the upcoming wedding.

 oh andyeah, email - madduxmir@yahoo.com

 eva - email me and i'll send you my address. - august 14th! two weddings in one year! whee!

 The space program is bullshit. It might be a fun and cool distraction from the fact that over 9 million Americans (including myself) are unemployed, our economy has continuously gone downhill since Bush stole the presidency, and that we are in the middle of a big screw up in Iraq, but it is a poorly thought out, and expesive, publicity stunt. Go USA! Since we have so few problems, let's spend time and money on messing up another planet. The thing that I find the funniest is the way Bush plans to fund it. He's just cutting funding and jobs from other NASA programs. In other news, I need everyone's address so I can eventually send out wedding invitations. It's going to be on August 14th. The ceremony will be at Maymont and the reception will be at my parents' house. You should all come. We're going to have lots and lots of booze. Oh...and if anyone likes doing hard physical labour and has free time, I've got plenty for you! Just call me and let me know!

 Ben - If that was intended as a response to my question, it failed. I'm not asking what an anti-Bush website thinks about it, I'm asking what my fellow bloggers think about it. In response to the website, for us, the USA, to think that space will remain unmilitarized forever is naive. Especially since out good buddies in the Peoples Republic of China are rapidly developing their own space program, and I believe have announced plans for a moon mission (though my memory is vague on that). They see us as a threat, rightly or wrongly, and we must be prepared. Someone told me that space exploration is alot like having kids; if you wait until you are ready, it will never happen. I can see his point. We, the human species, have been trying to solve some of these pressing social problems (poverty, injustice) for about 3000 years now. Sometimes with good effects (Roman and Greek rule was pretty good) and sometimes with bad (medieval Europe). If we wait until the social problems are solved, then I don't think we will ever do it.

 MISSION TO MARS FOR MILITARY BENEFIT, NOT JUST "SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY" President Bush unveiled his proposal for a new space program Wednesday by invoking the spirit of explorers Lewis and Clark, saying, "They made that journey in the spirit of discovery... America has ventured forth into space for the same reasons." But the president didn't mention that members of his administration view space as the next frontier for military buildup and conquest. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld chaired the Commission to Assess United States National Security Space Management and Organization four years ago, releasing its findings in January 2001. Rumsfeld's report found that "we know from history that every medium -- air, land and sea -- has seen conflict. Reality indicates that space will be no different." The panel also concluded that "given this virtual certainty, the [United States] must develop the means both to deter and to defend against hostile acts in and from space." The president's focus on space exploration because it "improves our lives, and lifts our national spirit." However, behind the scenes, USA Today reported that Bush was persuaded to move forward in part due to the military benefits, as promoted to him by Vice President Cheney. The Center for American Progress' Progress Report yesterday noted an appearance by Republican Congressman Tom Feeney on Scarborough Country where he stated, "Somebody is going to dominate space. When they do, just like when the British dominated the naval part of our globe, established their empire, just like the United States has dominated the air superiority, ultimately, whoever is able to dominate space will be able to control the destiny of the entire Earth." Feeney's comments echo PNAC's September 2000 report Rebuilding America's Defenses, which said, "Much as control of the high seas - and the protection of international commerce defined global power in the past, so will control of the new "international commons" be a key to world power in the future." urlLink -Bush Aims for Mars to Dominate Space Militarily

 Thanks Mir, I was starting to wonder if I had fallen into an alternate reality where we agreed on things! I am having fun watch the Democrats tear at each other in Iowa. Now that Dean has abandoned his no attacking policy, I wonder how long it will be before Edwards does as well. I am also curious as to why Wes Clark is spending so much money on TV ads in Virginia at this early juncture. While it is a very good introctory ad, I have seen it enough times now to have a couple of questions about its veracity. I am not saying that he has lied or even stretched the truth, but I don't think he has put forth the whole truth. I really doubt that he had much to do with the actually negotiating the peace in Serbia. He probably had a roll, but we have diplomats to handle these things and soldiers to enforce them. Also, he comments that this was done without the loss of American lives. The biggest difference is that we went in to an area where they hate each other (Serbs/Croats) more than they hate us. In Iraq, the insurgents hate us, not the Shiites/Sunnis. Yet again, I still have not heard a proposed answer to the situation (other than Dean's saying we need to pull out totally, now). If you want to lead, you need to have answers, not just point out the obvious problems.

 now so john doesn't pass out - a very well thought out ad regarding the presidency of george w urlLink http://www.liberaloasis.com/bushin41point2.htm

 john, i agree with both of your arguments. i think raising the cigarette tax is ridiculous - it's exploiting citizens who are addicted to a legal product. they are simply hoping they can keep raising the price but people will keep coming back for more. i believe drug dealers use the same tactics. and i don't think we should be going to the moon or mars. we have a huge deficit - we're in the middle of a very expensive war - and we have alot of domestic programs which need funding - so go john!

 When I first heard that President Bush was going to propose going back to the Moon, I will admit that I was extremely skeptical on the reasoning. We've been to the moon, kicked around the dust, and gotten the t-shirt. What's the point? I wanted there to be a larger goal - Mars. So, I was initially happy about the recent announcement. But, the more I think about, the more I question it. Don't get me wrong, I still am in favor of it, but I'm not sure that we will see the benefits of the initial establishment of the NASA with all the new technology, which is what everyone in NASA seems to be touting as a reason to do this. Computers are already improving at a rate that puts them ahead of the software designed to tax them. We are constantly developing new and better materials (plastics, polymers, ceramics) and other electronics. I don't see where the demands of this new mission are going to have much trickle down into daily society. Sure, there will be localized job benefits to the areas that get work on certain aspects of the project, but unless we get our kids back where they should be in math and science, those jobs will go non-Americans. So, I am in support of the mission, with some reservations. How about the rest of the blog?

 Warning - The following post is given a grade of F for political correctness because it is anti-tax, and somewhat pro-smoker. I have been listening to the governor talk about the need to overhaul our state tax system. The one that troubles me most is the increase to the cigarette tax. I have heard that Virginia has one of the lowest, if not the lowest, tax per pack. That seems to be the overwhelming reason given to raise it. If the revenue generated from this increase was to go directly to treating the illnesses of smokers with no reduction in the current amounts going there (i.e. an increase in actual spending), I would not have a problem with it. But, I have observed politicians long enough to know that this will not be the case. I point to the Virginia Lottery as my case in point. When we (the voters) were sold on the concept of a lottery, we were told that all the profits would go to education. The good news is that the politicians held true to their word for once. The bad news is that the amount of money that had been coming from the general fund has dropped dramatically. Basically, they used the lottery to fund something that everyone agrees needs it, in order to be able to increase some other programs. I do not doubt that our current politicians would do the same thing with a cigarette tax. Now, if they are just trying to raise more general revenue, this is also not a good idea. I point to New York City as an example for this one. They recently, within the last 2 years, raised the per pack tax to some astronomical level, like $5 a pack. This was intended to help ease their budget problems. Instead, they ended up with a larger deficit than before because all this revenue failed to appear. The reason? Smokers, despite there lack of heeding the warnings of the danger, aren't stupid. They know that they can go someplace else to get their cigarettes and have done so. Heck, I'm sure that some entrepreneurs did the math and realized that they could make several trips to Virginia, load up on lots of cartons, and took them back to New York where they sold them for a hefty markup but still less than the "legal" packs. The bottom line, to me anyway, is that getting whatever amount we get now is better than gambling that we won't lose more by raising the rates. I know that Julie's parents get many cartons to take back to Florida whenever they pass through because of the price difference. They aren't the only ones. If you raise the rate, much of this business will dry up.

 Congratulations Miriam. I was a little shocked to see that guy in what appears to be a serious movie. I guess he is trying to expand beyond "That 70s Show" and "Dude, Where's My Car?" Ben - Good article. I did notread 100% of it (got a Cliff Notes version?) , but it reinforced my apprehension about Wal-Mart. What I did not see it mention was what Wal-Mart has done to the smaller niche businesses. You know, the ones like a bike shop or small fabric store or even an independent drug store (as versus CVS or Wal-Greens). Do you recall the huge fight that Ashland put up against the Wal-Mart opening there? It was very big news when they one, but the victory was only temporary. The Wal-Mart is now open. I have not heard how it has affected the small businesses in Ashland. On the flip side, I am hypocritical for criticizing them. With one salary and 5 mouths to feed, Julie does 80+% of our shopping at Wal-Mart, in part because of price and because of the convenence of going to one store and getting everything we need. A recent trip included soap, diapers, an oil filter, and a gallon of milk. There's not too many stores that have all four of those items

 congrats, mir! now to the rant: urlLink walmart uber alles

 just got paid for writing - the first time in 5 years! it's a movie review in richmond.com - it won't be out until january 23rd. it's for the butterfly effect. btw: veredict - not so great.

 a quote that john might appreciate: from the village voice: Just before I go to sleep I ask myself, Why not love your fellow man, why not peace on earth? In the morning the sun has risen over the enormous Coral Ridge shopping mall, the biggest in Iowa. And the shoppers from Iowa City and Cedar Rapids are pulling in like ants returning to a hill. I ask myself the same question, Why not peace on earth? And the answer occurs to me immediatelybecause the other guy wants to rape your women and kill your children.

 the reason i didn't go off about mad cow is because everyone here already knows the risks of eating meat, the opinions that the vegans/vegetarians have, and have already made up their mind. would i love it if everyone on this blogger became a vegetarian? sure, i would. i would love it if people would just eat meat every 3 days instead of every day. but all i can really do is choose my own actions and hope those actions can help change the minds and hearts of others.

 umm, yel, that's me mir not jls.

 I am impressed. It took about a month for one of our vegetarians/vegans to post about Mad Cow. I would have been spouting off about it the next day. Then again, I do tend be more rabid then Ben and sometimes Miriam. As for O'Neill, I am not saying he is lying, or making anything up. It could all be true. But, do you really expect him to say nice things about the President who fired him? I can barely say nice things about the bosses of places where I quit. Back to my earlier comment about Bush being similar to Reagan (Teflon President), it seems this controversy is already dieing. Monday and Tuesday it was covered in the first half hour of the Today show (my only brush with network news anymore). This morning it was not even mentioned. Another similarity is in one of O'Neill's claims of the President being disengaged during Cabinet meetings. I seem to recall people saying Reagan was a doddering old fool in his Cabinet meetings.

 JLS: i'll bite - who does the quote make you think of? also -> urlLink veganism, anyone?

 "It may, after all, be the bad habit of creative talents to invest themselves in pathological extremes that yield remarkable insights but no durable way of life for those who cannot translate their psychic wounds into significant art or thought." - theodore roszak "in search of the miraculous"

 thanks for the article, sis - i had only heard part of o'neill's story; this whole mess has gotten totally out of hand. while we're on the topic, look at this: urlLink Journalists brutalized by US Forces in Iraq

 Making sure that you guys had seen urlLink this . Yikes!

 yes i do!

 urlLink what are we teaching our children?

 A collection of urlLink Three-Lined Poetry from a former amor of mine in good ol' Mississippi. Below, a couple of sample texts: V. Green Signifies Death Little three-armed children sitting there Looking dreamily at each other And trying to spell "Czechoslovakia." mv VIII. Jet Black Pinochle Brass crickets are everywhere So are hippies But that doesn't matter to Casper Weinburger mv Enjoy! :)

 *echos*

 gah - job hunting - i hate it. i'm unemployed by the end of this week. yik.

 and my urlLink self-portrait

 Summary of tonight's episode of City Confidential: "His job was to protect and serve...but he must have missed that day at the academy."

 Here's my urlLink self-portrait from the aforementioned website.

 Why not try making your own urlLink Mr. Picasso Head ? It'll get those creative and artistic neurons firing again...or at least just pass some time.

 RTG update: Having acquired the proof needed to clear themselves of the murder charge, the party accepted an offer from the shadowy K'Sh'Aal to eliminate the would-be crimelord who framed the party. Given the discovery made after the raid on Grieson's heavily protected auction, it is unclear if the party succeeded. Meanwhile, Ian and Gregory have decided to return to Tilverton to deliver an altered version of events: namely, that Castillion died in Shadowdale, when in fact he did not. On the eve of a rumored message arriving from the East, the party has been invited to join the mysterious Harpers; it is unknown if they will accept. What is known is that the original fellowship that departed from Tilverton is broken, and that three strangers may be joining the remaining heroes as they take their first steps towards entering the ranks of those who hope to achieve the healing -- or, perhaps, the ultimate restoration -- of Faerun.

 Katherine had a blast. This was the first Christmas where she knew it was coming, so there was some of the childhood excitement around the house. The boys had no clue that anything was going on, but they did like all the attention from grand parents. The day after my in-laws left they spent most of the day crying from the dramatic drop. And poor Julie at home with all three...

 I agree. I also don't understand how someone's sexual preference can lead to such a drastic measure as to make it a constitutional amendment. Of course barring pedophilia and rape. It is like saying guys that are attracted to extremely obese women are morally wrong and we should make a constitutional amendment against such practice. "Four score and seven years ago, our fathers brought forth a nation that will not all the procreation of fat people." My whole family would be screwed. Or rather we wouldn't be screwed. Depending on how you look at it.

 and scott, in my last response, i was not implying that you yourself are a homophobe or anything of the sort. we all know your favorite words are "penis" and "bed".

 thank you for your response scott. while i can understand being uncomfortable with homosexuality or perhaps even thinking it is something morally wrong, i don't understand how that leads to a constitutional amendment. sometimes i don't like the direction this country is heading. and btw, i hate ralph nader.

 jlg - Barring the religious aspect, I personally believe it comes down to two factors. Machismo, and comfort. Ma"cheese"mo - I think some guys are insecure and this is a way for them to be alpha of someone somewhere. Also, in some cultures, like the Latino culture, it is almost bred into them to be gay haters. And since that particular culture tends to be heavily Catholic....but we aren't going the religion route. Comfort - If you are raised to believe that *all* dogs are mean killers. You live 50 years of your life thinking that every dog you ever see is mean, and wants to kill you (versus nice and wants to kill you ;-p ). Then, it is going to be very hard to accept a dog in your life when you turn 51. Same with gay marriage. If you believe that it is "wrong" simply because that is what has been told to you since birth, then it will be hard to accept.

 Trekkies, anyone? The Klingon Language Institute awards the $500 Kor Memorial Scholarship each year to a student in a program leading to a degree in a field of language study. Familiarity with Klingon is not required, however creative and innovative applicants are preferred. For more information, visit: kli.org/scholarship/.

 As I understood the State of the Union, the most important issues this year are terrorism, tax cuts, gay marriage, and steriod use in sports. I don't know about you, but I sleep soundly at night knowing that we invade and occupy countries at will, that the wealthy are even more so, that fags can't express their sickening "emotions," and that professional sports will be finally cleaned up once and for all.

 a question for any of you interested - i don't really understand why some individuals have a problem with gay marriage. if someone would like to explain - past the religious arguments, if that could be done - why this opposition towards gay marriage exists?

 urlLink a soldier's perspective

 when downloading porn just isn't enough anymore: urlLink imaginarygirlfriends.com

 jason is hanging out at the nasty kitty.

 eva, girlfriend - i'm going to call you soon! or just email me and we can arrange a time to hang out.

 My hope is to make my dreams a reality so that when kids come along, I'll have nothing to give up...and being that motherhood IS one of my dreams, that works out nicely.

 Okay...this thing is going nutty on me. Where is Jason when I need him?!?!

 Until I want to give up my dreams in order to help someone else achieve his or hers, neither will I. BTW...this website has been acting up and I haven't been able to post for days. Hi everyone. I'm still alive...kind of.

 i will never, ever have kids.

 island girl, island girl,

 happy valentines day!

 Triumph insults the way too touchy french canadians: urlLink http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20040213/en_nm/leisure_canada_conan_dc

 PASADENA, California (AP) -- The Mars rover Spirit, after a standstill caused by a cold shadow, rolled another 80 feet toward a crater that it should reach within the next three weeks. ..."Probably another Nazgul," said one engineer. "Usually if you stay still, they ignore you. Besides, we haven't got the ring, anyway."

 i am gypsy, goddamnit.

 i want to see more chickens in space.

 I agree that it isn't ideology. I was just tossing that out as a random statement. As to the press conference, it is the press asking the questions, not either of the two leading candidates. It is one of the roles of the press to reveal that those in power have feet of clay. That said, it is also one of the roles of a police force to protect its citizens. Some police officers reach beyond the originally-intended boundaries, pursuing that end proactively rather than reactively, through violence, profiling, or similiar strategies. Such acts do not represent a flaw in the role; only in its interpretation and execution. Likewise, the press occasionally (some would argue frequently) reaches beyond the originally-intended boundaries, in the interpretation and execution of its role. In both cases, the flaw lies in an unrelated entity that has grafted itself onto, or even assimilated itself into, the original whole: for the former, that foreign presence might be racism or ideology; for the latter, I would argue that the unwelcome intruder is advertising revenue, of which there is a finite amount, and which is determined by a publisher's ability to make the audience feel equally happy, sad, and superior. This is not to say that the press is absolved of responsibility; I only add it as a probable explanation. I don't think that in this situation the press is revealing a flaw in its calling, which I fully support. Nor do I think that the press is revealing any particular ideological preference. I think it smells a potentional story, and in its eagerness to get that story placed between lucrative advertising spots that require the largest possible audience, it displays not so much a mindless hunger, but rather an embarassing clumsiness in how it goes about its business. Case in point: It displays neither skill nor intelligence to grill someone at a press conference. This isn't sharp and cunning journalism; it's grandstanding at best, simple rudeness at worst. Take the potential lead and go snooping around the back doors. Set out the honey and wait for the flies. Watching the press conference live on cable yesterday, I was struck only by the mutual train wreck: journalists behaving like a pack of dogs, and a poor government functionary who made a wrong choice a long time ago and now believes in the empty role he performs. I still long for clever heroes and cunning villains who deserve respectful cheers and boos. I am no longer interested in thugs and bullies, no matter what color hat they may wear.

 This is not ideology. This is the Democratic Party trying to find something that will stick when attacking Bush. Arguing over what happened (or did not happen) 30 years ago is just personal attacks. The last time I saw such vitriolic hatred (and I think Johnathan, as a neutral observer would agree) of a political figure was the late '90s with the Republicans hating Clinton. I've got to tell you, it does not do much good. It doesn't even make you feel good in the long run. That does not make me ask the question of Ben and Mir (and any other Bush haters), what is it that makes you hate him personally? And now as I type this, I just heard on Rush of a potential bombshell against Kerry that is being reported on the Drudge report. Something about recent infidelity. I have no other information, but, even if it is true, so what? As long as he did not lie about in the course of federal/state/local investigation, it is between him and his wife. I saw Edwards on the today show, and even though he did not let the ANG issue totally die, he did say that this election needs to be about much more than attendance records. Hallelujah! Now if BOTH sides will let that happen, we might get to have civil discussions about our disagreements on the issues (taxes, spending, education, defense, etc.)

 Ideology is terribly boring.

 While quite a few pages still appear to be missing from the 1972 chapter of President Bushs National Guard duty in Texas and Alabama, at least a few of them may have been accounted for on Wednesday -- though not exactly in support of the administrations case that Bush fulfilled his service obligations. The Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday that some of Bushs Guard files may have been intentionally dumped ahead of his presidential run in 2000: Retired National Guard Lt. Col. Bill Burkett said Tuesday that in 1997, then-Gov. Bushs chief of staff, Joe Albaugh, told the National Guard chief to get the Bush file and make certain theres not anything there that will embarrass the governor. Col. Burkett said that a few days later at Camp Mabry in Austin, he saw Mr. Bushs file and documents from it discarded in a trash can. He said he recognized the documents as retirement point summaries and pay forms.

 Before I respond, I need to know if you are upset by the press secretary doing what press secretaries do or by the questions concerning what happened 30+ years ago.

 good grief indeed my friend.

 good grief. check urlLink here to read your tax dollars at work, specifically to the employ of scott mclellan.

 urlLink love shine!

 does anybody have the phantom edit?

 I recommend picking up the bootleg DVDs of the original movies at a con like Shore Leave. I was quite pleased with Ep4, and will buy the other two this year (should the vendor return). The only minor quibble is that it pauses briefly at four places where the laser disc has to be turned over...but a small sacrifice to enjoy the movie I actually saw. For the record, I'll be happy to buy discs for others who provide the cash beforehand.

 damn lucas to the dark side!

 Per USA Today this morning, the original Star Wars trilogy will be released to DVD in September. THe bad news is that it will be only the special edition. Aparently in Lucas; mind, the original releases don't exist.

 ay yi yi

 I was referring to the behavior of Moderates. As to for whom I will vote, I'd rather discuss that in another forum. Voting here on the Blog has little meaning, and results in an endless Tastes Great / Less Filling loop. Though I am amused at the panic inspired by the possibility that I might vote for Bush. In fact, the panic was so delighful that now I won't say anything more about it at all, just so I can enjoy the chaos.

 JLS, if you're part of the aforementioned "on the fence" Moderate group, does that mean you're seriously considering voting for Bush? or were you referring to the primaries, and not the november election.

 But the choir feels an obligation to be there. The congregation doesn't. Try again, Analogy Girl.

 to use a church analogy: if you can't inspire the choir, there's no way you're going to convince the congregation.

 Neither Conservatives nor Liberals need to be stirred up. As ideologues, they already are. The only people that need stirring are Moderates. You're choosing your candidates as if you're worried about getting the readers of The Nation to vote in November. They're not your problem. It's those of us in the middle, who hold both extremes suspect. There's enough discontent among us for either ideology to work with. We're the only audience that counts. Sell it to us, or lose.

 hey, sometimes you gotta realize you betted on the wrong horse and be ready to move. i'm for the person who can beat bush and heck, if you can't even stir up the democratic party then you can't win the national election.

 Bless your heart, Mir...first Clark, now Edwards...not very clear on the concept of electability, are you? ;-)

 i'm leaning towards edwards in this upcoming virginia primary

 seem like good and legitimate questions to me - anyone disagree or agree? Joe Conason's Journal On Sunday, NBC's Tim Russert is scheduled to interview the president. Here are five questions he'll definitely want to ask. Editor's note: This will be the last daily installment of Joe Conason's Journal. Beginning next week, look for less frequent but more in-depth investigative reports and commentary -- on the Bush administration and other political topics -- from Conason, every week in Salon. Feb. 5, 2004 | Tim Russert, dream interviewer NBC's Tim Russert cherishes a reputation as network television's bulldog interrogator of wayward politicians. His image is good cop/bad cop in the same guy. This coming Sunday, the president will reportedly appear on "Meet the Press." That decision may well reflect, as Nick Confessore suggested today, Karl Rove's confidence that Russert isn't really so goddamned tough, especially not on Republicans. If so, Rove would be in rare agreement with many of Russert's critics on the left. Knowing Russert, I think he would hate to confirm such nasty suspicions when he interviews George W. Bush (although he would also hasten to plead that some partisans on both sides are never satisfied, etc.). Let's help him with a few questions (and follow-ups) that nobody could call softballs: 1. Given the controversy about your attendance record during your National Guard service, Mr. President, perhaps the best way to resolve matters would be to authorize the release of all of your military records, including pay stubs, Social Security records and so-called retirement-points records. Will you do that? If not, why not, and how can the American people believe that you actually fulfilled your service obligations as everyone else in the Guard was required to do? 2. Mr. President, on page 54 of your autobiography, "A Charge to Keep," you wrote: "I continued flying with my unit for the next several years." But the truth is that you quit flying after less than two years, despite fighter training that cost the taxpayers almost a million dollars. Did your superiors approve your decision to quit flying, or did you just quit on your own? Weren't you suspended from flying in August 1972 after you failed to take a required physical exam? Why didn't you take that physical? 3. Mr. President, I'd like to ask you about the now-famous "mission accomplished" speech you gave on the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln outside San Diego last May. You landed on the carrier in a flight suit -- a piece of videotape shown around the world. [Roll tape.] A lot of your critics were appalled by that image. Here's a man who never fought in a war, never saw the danger and horrors of real combat, dressing up like a soldier and proclaiming a victory that, as it turned out, we were far from accomplishing. As you look back on it, has it ever occurred to you, that Eisenhower, who won D-day, never dressed in uniform when he was president; John F. Kennedy, who was a genuine war hero, never dressed in uniform either. Was there something disrespectful to the military in a costume stunt like that? Your thoughts, sir. 4. You have blamed the rapidly rising, unsustainable federal deficits on "out-of-control" domestic spending. But Mr. President, the plain fact, according to every nonpartisan analyst, is that your tax cuts are responsible for a far greater percentage of present and future deficits than spending. Your current budget proposal cuts billions in programs for children and veterans. Wouldn't it be more compassionate -- and more responsible -- to rescind some of the tax breaks for the very wealthiest Americans? 5. Sir, with respect, most economists say that the tax cuts are responsible for no more than 20 percent of the recent economic growth, and that the recession could have been addressed with a short-term stimulus primarily aimed at middle- and working-class tax payers, rather than long-term tax cuts tilted toward the wealthiest 1 percent of taxpayers. These long-term tax cuts for the wealthy are the major cause for these massive structural deficits that we now have and the complete inability to fund some of these programs for children, the elderly and veterans. How does that reflect responsible Republicanism or compassionate conservatism? You may say that I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.

 urlLink happy valentine's day you damn fools

 I lost the HTML code for posting a link. For now: urlLink click here * html link added later by admin

 i just lost my job at vcu - for being sick - life is soooo not fair.

 i have to call eva haley - i've been sick for the last 2 days so i have an excuse! but don't worry mizz haley, i's be calling you soon!

 john, my only response is that i don't know why either. i really don't know much about the human body or the practice of medicine. i have the tendency to go with the idea that medical decisions should be left to doctors and their patients - not to the government.

 Do the letters on here appear itty-bitty to anyone else? I just had to cut and paste everything into Word so that I could read it.

 However, it was clear to me that the bustier cup was popped off very close to the last downbeat of the song, leading me to believe it was intentional. Regardless of the current debate, I will offer that I'm personally very grateful that Miss Jackson has helped our nation to move beyond the shock and awe that was the Madonna/Britney kiss. At last, we can finally heal.

 A fair question; one for which I have no answer. Miz Scahlett, I don't know nothin' 'bout birthin' no babies.

 Before I get to my question, let me preface this by saying that I am not trying to start an argument or change anyone's mind on this issue, because I know that there is nothing that I can say to do so and there is nothing any of you can say to change my mind. Today a federal judge ruled a Virginia law passed last year (I think) outlawing the so called partial birth abortion procedure as unconstitutional. I don't know the specifics of his ruling or what the law says, and that is not my question. What I do not understand is under what situation is the pregnant woman's life in danger enough to end the pregnancy but not enough that it is "safe" to undergo as much of the birth process as this does. I use safe in quotes because nothing about the birthing process is without danger. As much as doctors know, they still don't understand all the vagaries of child birth. Please don't respond with a flame, because I have not desire to argue this issue, merely to have someone fill me in on something I may be missing about this particular procedure.

 for the wee ones: urlLink kaba kick

 because it's fucking ass whore, harmony.

 but those are my scores, not angie's. she's much more normal.



 starting at noon today! urlLink http://www.airamericaradio.com/

 urlLink timeline of earth compressed into one year

 i don't want donuts to hate me. :*(

 the urlLink donuts

 yay for eva! and early happy birthday!

 Thought some of you might enjoy this: urlLink alien language construction kit In 30 minutes or so I'm off to the airport to meet Eva. Yay!

 urlLink iPod text adventure game creator urlLink good spider, bad kitty

 Perhaps the Noam Chomsky blog is not formatted for Mac. I found the site such an unappealing mess that I lost interest in clicking on anything.

 weep for the blue bunny man!

 mostly for ben urlLink http://blog.zmag.org/ttt/ well and eva and nick. and maybe johnathan. and well, okay, angie. and then. just read the damn thing.

 a must read for kubrick fans: urlLink Citizen Kubrick . charlie brown, existentialist: urlLink Satre and Peanuts

 could urlLink ben be right?

 god damn, i hate bush so much.

 Despite President Bush's pledge that homosexuals "ought to have the same rights" (1) as all other people, his Administration this week ruled that homosexuals can now be fired from the federal workforce because of their sexual orientation. According to the Federal Times, the president's appointee at the Office of Special Counsel ruled that federal employees will now "have no recourse if they are fired or demoted simply for being gay." (2) While the Bush Administration says it is legally prohibited from firing a person for their conduct, they have the legal right to fire or demote someone based on their sexual orientation. To carry out the directive, the White House has begun removing information from government websites about sexual orientation discrimination in the workplace. (3) Not only does the new directive contradict the president's own promise to treat homosexuals as equals under the law, but it also contradicts what the Administration told Congress. As noted in a bipartisan letter from four Senators to the Administration, "During the confirmation process [of the president's appointee], you assured us that you were committed to protecting federal employees against unlawful discrimination related to their sexual orientation." (4) Sources: 1. Debates, 10/11/2000. 2. urlLink "OSC to study whether bias law covers gays" , Federal Times, 03/15/2004. 3. urlLink "Gay Rights Information Taken Off Site" , Washington Post, 02/18/2004. 4. urlLink "Special Counsel Under Scrutiny" , Washington Post, 02/23/2004.

 the perils of a potential pedophile: urlLink caught? department of homeland fun: urlLink job posting

 well, there's you, for one.

 does anyone post to this goddamn thing?!

 i'm just like a republican now urlLink http://www.ucomics.com/rallcom/2004/03/13/

 i date someone way too much like scott. :)

 Trufresh is my hero. Someone pass the melted butter.

 oh good; i was worried that we were running out of ways in which to torment other species. urlLink - frozen lobsters come back to life

 strong bad celebrates 100 emails!

 Someone should call social services on urlLink this dad. What a horrible parent he must be.

 i can't believe urlLink this guy is president!

 i keep on having dreams about having a daughter.

 WASHINGTON -- The government is taking the first steps toward a targeted military draft of Americans with special skills in computers and foreign languages. urlLink read more

 urlLink As if this were something new. . .

 it still makes me cry just reading it: from American Beauty: ON VIDEO: We're watching the video Ricky showed Jane earlier, of the empty white PLASTIC BAG being blown about. The wind carries it in a circle around us, sometimes whipping it about violently, or, without warning, sending it soaring skyward, then letting it float gracefully down to the ground... LESTER (V.O.) I guess I could be pretty pissed of f about what happened to me... but it's hard to stay mad, when there's so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I'm seeing it all at once, and it's too much, my heart fills up like a balloon that's about to burst... EXT. SKY - DAY LESTER continues to FLY above the clouds, LAUGHING. LESTER (V.O.) And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain and I can't feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life... He's SOARING higher and higher... LESTER (V.O.) (cont'd) You have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm sure... but don't worry... And He SOARS out OF sight. LESTER (V.O.) (cont'd) You will someday. FADE to BLACK.

 INDIANAPOLIS - Prisoners sentenced to life without parole could petition a court for the death penalty under a bill filed by Sen. John Waterman, R-Shelburn. The bill would allow inmates sentenced to more than 200 years in prison or to life without parole a one-time chance to ask a judge to allow them to die. urlLink - Bill offers inmates death option right-to-lifers, assisted suicide, capital punishment... i wonder if as a society we're ever going to get past our collective schizophrenia about the legality of human death; we're all over the map in regards to when it's ok, and when it's not. mir: adbusters rocks, but you knew that. and as far as i can tell, god loves and hates everyone unconditionally. it's universal, effortless, and comes at no extra charge.

 what do you all think of adbusters magazine?

 I thought the shrimp thing was indeed quite funny.

 it is time for me to move on

 but what about the god hates shrimp bit? i thought that was hilarious.

 from mr. fitzgerald: The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.

 doublethink: Reality Control. The power to hold two completely contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accept both of them. An excellent example of doublethink in modern society is the urlLink war on drugs . If you ask people their opinion on alcohol prohibition in the 1920s, most people would agree that it was a complete failure. People agree that it only caused more crime, it made gangsters rich, it corrupted politicians, and most importantly ... it didn't keep people from drinking. Yet, we have almost the exact same situation today with war on drugs, yet most people think that our modern prohibition is a good idea ... and more than that, they believe that anybody that thinks that the war on drugs isn't a good idea must be completely out of their minds. In order for a person to be effective at doublethink, they must master the art of crimestop . crimestop: (Orwell's definition) "The faculty of stopping short, as though by instinct, at the threshold of any dangerous thought. It includes the power of not grasping analogies, of failing to perceive logical errors, of misunderstanding the simplest arguments if they are inimical to Ingsoc (the philosophy of the powers that be), and of being bored or repelled by any train of thought which is capable of leading in a heretical direction. In short... protective stupidity." -from urlLink the newspeak dictionary

 ok, this looking for a job stuff is really starting to bring me down.

 god hates shrimp urlLink http://www.godhatesshrimp.com/

 if bush wins re-election, our next chief justice: The Times has previously reported that Scalia flew on Vice President Dick Cheney's plane to go duck hunting with Cheney after the court accepted a case concerning Cheney's refusal to make public records from his energy task force. "It did not involve a lawsuit against Dick Cheney as a private individual," Scalia said when asked about the trip last month. "This was a government issue. It's acceptable practice to socialize with executive branch officials when there are not personal claims against them. That's all I'm going to say for now. Quack, quack."

 you need to warn us next time, angelika. i willl never look at porn again.

 And then there's urlLink this ...

 the bunnies are too cute.

 apparently the messiah can't be bothered with punctuation: urlLink TED Jesus Christ GOD faces of (cyber) death: urlLink online multiplayer death options and finally, urlLink the Exorcist in 30 seconds , only with bunnies.

 a review of urlLink hidalgo

 everybody sing! urlLink http://www.smokeybear.com/vault/name_song.asp

 one last bit about gibson's new film, unless someone else wants to rant: here's a urlLink transcript of the blooper reel. i don't know if it's real, but either way it's a hoot. when you're done chuckling, savor the christian goodness of urlLink The Truth For Youth , a handy guide to, well, the Truth, apparently. be sure to check out the 'Hot Comics' section of the aforementioned site for further instructions about what is good and what is evil . hint: 'evil' is everything you enjoy doing .

 why isn't truth fact?

 While I personally understand that there is a difference between truth and fact, I nevertheless have a huge problem with it. Within myself, I vehemently want truth to be fact. It's my Utopia, if you will.

 And now for something completely different. urlLink Asteriod Acquitted? and urlLink Two new finds.

 My take on the whole "saving people" thing, speaking as a Christian, is that I feel as though the best way to convey my beliefs to others is to live as an example of them. To me, the true message of Christ was one of inclusivity, understanding, compassion, forgiveness, and above all, love. And being a Christian to me means living a life that is "Christ-like." Though I know that I am by no means without sin, the most important thing for me is to live my life with love and compassion to the best of my human ability. As for the film... I have yet to see it. I think I'd prefer to see it privately in my own home, because my faith is very strong and very personal to me. I feel like I might leave the film feeling like an open wound, and I don't want to risk being around insensitivity at a moment like that... But as for the way it is marketed... The movie business is still just that...a business. It is an unfortunate reality that, if you want to put asses in seats, you have to have some sort of draw. Since James Caviezel is not yet an A-List celebrity (though I think he could be...he's a brilliant actor), his name alone is not enough. And while many people love Mel Gibson, the masses of asses in seats tend to prefer a Mel that is in front of the camera, not behind it. So producers, wanting to make money on a film that they know is monetarily risky, come up with a way to sell the film, i.e., "the TRUE story of WHAT REALLY HAPPENED." Whether or not it is historically accurate does not matter to me. As Harmonium touched upon, truth and fact are not synonymous. After the release of "The Killing Fields," director Roland Joffe asked one of the journalists, on whose experiences the film was based, if the film was accurate. He replied with a yes and no. No, he said, that's not exactly what really happened. But yes, he said, that's exactly what it felt like.

 this unemployed thing is starting to suck.

 I know plenty of Christians that don't try to "save" me, and I, in most cases, think more highly of them and I do of the ones that are trying to "save" me. Wouldn't it serve you more to target people that might actually want to be in your group rather than those that absolutely don't want to be? I know they will receive a higher number of virgins in the kingdom of god if they convert a true nonbeliever, but at what point do you cross the line from being zealous to being a public nuisance?!

 your faith in the chair is based on past experiences of sitting in a chair and it not falling apart. if you were to be concerned every time this event occurred, you would have serious issues. what these ladies were suggesting you have is "blind" faith. faith in something even though you have no evidence to support it - no previous experiences to draw from. what you could assume, if it would make you less angry, is that these women believe with all of their heart, that their goal in life is to save you and if they don't, you will be suffering eternal torment. hard for them to deal with, i'm sure. they are just doing what they think is best. i don't mind the proselytizers - as long as they don't try to change the laws of our secular government.

 On a side note about "faith"... This past weekend, two ladies came to my door. After greetings were passed, one promptly asked me, and I paraphrase, "Do you think you are going to Heaven when you die?". My response was a prompt but polite "No.". They appeared shocked and asked me why. I said that you can't go someplace that doesn't exist. I explained that I am an atheist, and I believe that "there is no god, or satan, or heaven, hell". And their response was, "but you have to have faith in that, right?" She went on to say that when you sit in a chair, do you thoroughly inspect it first, or do you just go and sit down? Meaning that you have to have faith that the chair will support you, and won't fall apart. My question is this....Since when did religion trademark the word "faith" as only pertaining to ones belief in a deity of some sort. Why is it that if I have faith, then I must in some way or another believe in god? No offense to the christians out there, but it really pissed me off.

 ...and that's what bugged me enough to post; that the film maker went out of his way to make the film "historically accurate", but then dropped the ball on the color issue. regardless of one's opinion on Jesus' ethnicity (or at least, that of people living in the Middle East during the time period he supposedly lived in), the actors could have at least been a little darker skinned - they all lived in a desert, for pete's sake! you could have had a chinese guy playing christ in a snowstorm, as long as you didn't expect me to look at your film as a depiction of how the people and places "really looked", which is what gibson's film purports to do (and succeeded in doing in many other ways, apparently). but is that really the point when you're telling "the greatest story ever told"? shouldn't even a pretty good story be able stand on its own, in regards to its message(s)? shakespeare's plays can be set in any time period, and they work fine; no one balks at the inevitable 'anachronisms', because his were universal stories from the get-go. i wish more christians would do the same, by acknowledging the power of allegory to promote faith and belief, rather than insisting that the events in their stories have to have 'really happened' to be significant. it doesn't matter if jesus ever really existed, anymore than odysseus or buddha or any number of characters in the great stories of our species; what matters is the message, not the messenger (or the creed). what we learn about ourselves in reading about these folk is what matters. in another thousand years, all of them will have been modified tenfold to suit the cultures and opinions of times to come, just as they have been many times before. hopefully, the essence of the stories will persist and prevail - and not because we ever felt the need to prove that they 'really happened', which is all but impossible, and in my opinion, needless.

 For myself, the historicity of a representation of a figure such as Jesus or the Buddha is completely irrelevant. What matters to me are the words and the act(s). My own research has revealed that Gibson intended to film an interpretation, albeit one that is more "gritty" and "violent." In that sense -- and in that sense only -- it seems that the film can be tested against realism. In terms of event and image, it is, like all films, a personal visual exploration. As Ebert often says, a movie is not about what it is about, but how it is about it. As a sidenote, there is a curious need in modern society to equate "veracity" with "truth," as if they have anything at all to do with each other. At least once a year, a newsmagazine devotes a cover story to the "real Jesus," the "real Muhammed," the "real Whoever" -- as if evidence matters in the search for truth. Evidence yields nothing but data. Data has its uses, and for many from the 18th century Enlightenment onward, its presence can evoke deep satisfaction -- but in the great cocktail party of the universe, beyond nodding to each other at the cheese table, data and faith have very little to talk about.

 I'm mixed on this aspect of the film. While it is Mel Gibson's right to create a film with his own artistic vision, it then comes down to whether the film is being done with a heavy influence of historical accuracy OR simply being made from ones own interpretation of an event. This picture seems to be made as the latter. And like Harmonium said, I don't have a problem with that. But you can't also try and market that same product as being historically accurate, when it just isn't.....if indeed that is what is being done.

 The visuals are inspired by Medieval artwork and iconography, a stylistic choice. I have no problem with that.

 It is quite likely that Jesus was a "white guy". Now he probably didn't look like he was from Sweden, but rather he looked more like a modern day Middle Easterner. Like Iraqis, Pakistanis, Israelis, etc. And yes, they are considered Caucasians. As far as the movie is concerned, and no I haven't seen it, I've heard that they don't have a single black person in the movie. Now I find that almost impossible to believe that back then being that close to Africa that not a single black person was present in that city during that time.

 i was almost curious enough about "the passion" to give a look. i was intrigued by the desire on gibson's part for historical accuracy on depicting the time period in which the story is set; the sets, the costumes, even the language - a film in aramaic, of all things! then i checked out the urlLink official site for the film. jesus christ is played by a white guy, as is most of the cast. wtf.

 somebody needs to put these people out of their misery: urlLink http://www.local6.com/news/2885386/detail.html

 news from jennifer city: urlLink NY crosswalk push buttons mostly inoperative not for the squeamish: urlLink the girl who feels no pain and finally, urlLink ninja golf for the atari 7800 .

 and was it just me or did charlize have really bad hair last night?

 renee zellwegger looks like a shaved guinea pig.

 WASHINGTON, DCIn an internationally televised statement Monday, President Bush modified a July 2003 challenge to Iraqi militants attacking U.S. forces. "Terrorists, Saddam loyalists, and anti-American insurgents: Please stop bringing it on now," Bush said at a Monday press conference. "Nine months and 500 U.S. casualties ago, I may have invited y'all to bring it on, but as of today, I formally rescind that statement. I would officially like for you to step back." The president added that the "it" Iraqis should stop bringing includes gunfire, bombings, grenade attacks, and suicide missions of all types. also: urlLink Sept. 11 Could Not Have Been Prevented Without Accruing A Lot Of Overtime , by Condoleezza Rice

 Larry to be muy Linda? Better stop calling them the Wachowski brothers. We hear "Matrix" co-creator Larry Wachowski is ready for the sex-change operation that will finalize his conversion to a woman named Linda. Last May, he wore women's earrings at "The Matrix Reloaded" premiere. At the time, the estranged husband of an alleged Los Angeles dominatrix told newspapers that Wachowski was a client of his wife. The source said he had seen Larry "in her bondage room...lying there in a dress, no panties and a blond wig." Several "longtime friends" say Larry - who is in the middle of a divorce with his wife, Thea Bloom - is now ready for the operation, reports the Chicago Sun Times. The agent for Larry and his brother and collaborator, Andy Wachowski, did not return calls yesterday

 me sad. ben mad.

 well, i guess you have to ask out of the scientific establishment how many support it and why and also, are the scientist opposed to this idea being funded by people/corporation who would benefit from that point of view. from what i understand global warming is accepted by the majority of reputable scientists and it has been said that christine whitman was fired from the epa because of her wanting to publish information about global warning.

 Absolutely not. Just that before we go making radical changes, that in this case seem more aimed at punishing succesful countries than remedying what may be happening, we should analyze things in a little bit more detail. There are scientists that say global warming is happening and that we are to blame. There are scientists saying that global warming is complete bunk. There are scientists that say global warming may be happening but that it is part of the climatic cycle of this planet. I for one am not about to start riding the bus to work, which actually is an option for me now, because I refuse to leave at 6:00am, ride into downtown where I could transfer to another line to take to the office and then repeat the process to get home at 7:00pm. Especially based on disputed scientific evidence.

 new job hard - ugh. but me like. are you stating john that because scientists have been wrong regarding certain ideas that we should dismiss all scientific evidence?

 urlLink Global Cooling? This is a prime example of why I don't buy into A) that there is global warming ocurring and B) if there is that we are having an impact on it In 1491, scientists knew that the world was flat In 1902, scientists knew that powered flight would never work In 1911, the Titanic was unsinkable In 1947, man would never be able to travel faster than sound I have been and remain a huge proponent of on-going scientific research, but let's use some common sense with what we do with what is learned.

 for those interested in the machinations and startling power of the world's most popular search engine: urlLink The nature of meaning in the age of Google excerpts: "I recently went to Silicon Valley to visit the offices of Google, the world's most popular search engine. It is a mind-bending experience. You can actually sit in front of a monitor and watch a sample of everything that everyone in the world is searching for. (Hint: sex, God, jobs and, oh my word, professional wrestling usually top the lists.)... In the past three years, Google has gone from processing 100 million searches per day to over 200 million searches per day. And get this: only one-third come from inside the U.S. The rest are in 88 other languages..." "Search engines are constantly adding and removing pages, as well as altering the algorithms they use to rank pages. However, there's a great obsession with Google because of the large amounts of traffic it can deliver. Of the four most popular search enginesGoogle, Yahoo, AOL and MSN SearchGoogle's results are used at the first three..." "Google's continued success depends on its ability to collect unaffected Web content, which means that it must avoid the single individual's assertion of meaning. This strategy implies that any metadata scheme for the Web that promotes the meaning assertion of a single Web author (i.e., My Web page means this) will be avoided by aggregators. The strategy of aggregation, the enlistment of Web authors as lay indexers, and the temptation of bad faith points to the importance of maintaining the ignorance of lay indexers."

 i got a job! i got a job!!!

 happy birthday ben!

 buy yer tickets now, folks; it's playing at the Byrd this Saturday, it's one show only, and it's about the Mormons - what else do you need? consider this your dessert after the delicious meal that was 'The Passion'... urlLink The Book of Mormon Movie Volume 1: The Journey

 this is a special announcement to all the pornstars on this blog (and you know who you are): urlLink Californication On Hold also, i activated the link in JLS's latest post (lazybones; thanks for hooking us up!)

 urlLink Lord Of The Peeps

 the marines are investigating to see if it's been doctored or not - judge for yourself: urlLink http://www.cair-net.org/images/lcpl11.jpg

 squirrel?

 this song makes me think of chico: - if this song don't make you cry then you ain't got a heart I Honestly Love You Olivia Newton-John (Peter Allen/Jeff Barry) Maybe I hang around here A little more than I should We both know I got somewhere else to go But I got something to tell you That I never thought I would But I believe you really ought to know I love you I honestly love you You don't have to answer I see it in your eyes Maybe it was better left unsaid This is pure and simple And you should realize That it's coming from my heart and not my head I love you I honestly love you I'm not trying to make you feel uncomfortable I'm not trying to make you anything at all But this feeling doesn't come along everyday And you shouldn't blow the chance When you've got the chance to say I love you I honestly love you If we both were born In anoother place and time This moment might be ending in a kiss But there you are with yours And here I am with mine So I guess we'll just be leaving it at this I love you I honestly love you I honestly love you

 the bio for cookie monster from the sesame street live site: Emotionally, physically, and spiritually attached to cookies, at first glance the worlds most famous monster appears to have a one-track mind. But in actuality Cookie Monster is a deeply complicated individual. A monster of economy, he can convey worlds of meaning with a simple gesture.

 CHICKEN!!!!

 i hate animal-jello.

 happy easter!

 urlLink this looks intriguing; reminds me of 'Dark Side Of Oz', somehow.

 macdaddy JLS, beware: urlLink First Mac OS X Trojan Horse

 a short urlLink essay on the state of the bribe (circa 2000) in jennifer's city.

 Thurston Moore: urlLink When the Edge Moved to the Middle , a wise and appropriate nod given today's date.

 thanks for the entertainment, yel.

 click urlLink here if you DARE

 urlLink Amazon.com's Red-Light District

 you know, johnathan kinda looks like a young, better looking john kerry.

 when i read things like this i don't know whether to laugh or cry: Ga. school evolution debate goes to trial April 6, 2004 | ATLANTA (AP) -- A federal judge refused to dismiss a lawsuit against a school district's practice of posting disclaimers inside science textbooks saying evolution is "a theory, not a fact." The Cobb County schools' disclaimer, in the form of a sticker on the inside front cover of textbooks, could have the effect of advancing or inhibiting religion, U.S. District Judge Clarence Cooper ruled in ordering the suit to go to trial. "We're very excited about this," said attorney Michael Manely, who represents the six Cobb County parents who sued the system in August 2002. The lawsuit argues that the disclaimer restricts the teaching of evolution, promotes and requires the teaching of creationism and discriminates against particular religions. The sticker reads: "This textbook contains material on evolution. Evolution is a theory, not a fact, regarding the origin of living things. This material should be approached with an open mind, studied carefully and critically considered." The judge weighed the constitutionality of the issue by applying a three-pronged test handed down by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1971. In order to get the lawsuit dismissed, the school board had to show that the disclaimer was adopted with a secular purpose; that its primary effect neither advances nor inhibits religion; and that it does not result in an excessive entanglement of government with religion. In his order signed last Wednesday, Cooper said the school board satisfied him on the first issue. But he noted that while the disclaimer has no biblical reference, it encourages students to consider alternatives other than evolution. The judge found that the disclaimer could have the effect of advancing or inhibiting religion. "Indeed, most of the board members concurred that they wanted students to consider other alternatives," Cooper wrote. The theory of evolution, accepted by most scientists, says evidence shows current species of life evolved over time from earlier forms and that natural selection determines which species survive. Creationism credits the origin of species to God. In 1987, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled creationism was a religious belief that could not be taught in public schools along with evolution.

 sorry - totally out of context - but must do - PAPRIKA!!!! thanks for the info john!

 I found some interesting tidbits while researching the election stuff. Does anyone have a guess when the last time Virginia voted for a Democrat was? It's not as far off as you might think. Answer at the bottom. The first time after reconstruction that Virginia voted for a Republican was 1928 (Herbert Hoover). It also the first time that a majority of the Confederate states did not vote Democratic. 60 years after the Civil War, they were still holding a grudge against the Republican party for ending slavery. 1964 - LBJ.

 For the record, I went back and checked the official FEC results of the 2000 election. If every single vote cast for Nader had been cast for Gore, which is of course extremely arrogant supposition, then yes, Al Gore would be the president of the United States (shudder), But, it would not have turned into the landslide that Ms. Randi seems to think it would. Here's a big surprise (tic). The areas with the most Nader support were areas that Gore won handily. The only states in which there would have been a different outcome are Florida and New Hampshire. The revised total would have been 295-242, the closest since Carter-Ford in 1976 (297-240). That's a far cry from Nixon-McGovern in 1972 (520-17), Reagan-Carter (489-49), Reagan-Mondale (525-13), Bush-Dukakis (426-111), Clinton-Bush (370-168), or Clinton-Dole in 1996 (379-159). Some interesting tidbits in reviewing the results- Some states do not allow write in candidtates for president (HI, LA, NE, NV, NM, OK, SC, SD) 3,315 people in Nevada cast a vote for "None of these candidates" 1 Electoral College member from DC abstained instead of casting his vote for Gore as tradition calls for. I am guessing that it was some kind of protest statement.

 go randi!

 well, the liberals have 'officially' confronted Nader on his 2004 run; here's a urlLink transcript of an interview on Air America.

 urlLink this site chronicles a russian motocyclist's treks through the radioactive lands in and surrounding Chernobyl, places that effectively died on April 26th, 1986. equal parts chilling and fascinating; i kept wanting it to be fictional, or have happened on some other planet. alas...

 okay, guys, you have got to go to urlLink homestarrunner.com today

 No-Makeup Look Easier To Achieve Than Elle Claims NEW YORKContrary to claims in the June issue of Elle magazine, the no-makeup look actually requires little effort, a licensed cosmetologist reported Monday. "The article '20 Minutes To A More Natural You' suggests an application of under-eye concealer, light powder, natural lip gloss, and clear mascara to achieve the makeup-free look," said Michelle Karns-Daley, spokeswoman for the American Association of Cosmetology. "But really, a quick shower and a towel-off will do the trick just as well." Similarly, experts say Elle's six-page article "Building Your Self-Esteem" can be more simply stated as "Stop giving a shit about what other people think." Awkward Encounter Not Awkward At All When Masturbated About OLYMPIA, WAAn uncomfortable exchange between Brad Leydner, 25, and Ginny, the cute redheaded waitress at Hugo's Bistro, lost all awkwardness when envisioned in Leydner's masturbation fantasy later that afternoon. "So, would you like to grab a coffee after your shift?" a nervous Leydner asked Ginny in both the real and imagined scenarios Monday. "Oh, Brad, I can't wait four hours to see you. You should fuck me hard, right in this booth," replied the Dream Ginny moments before Leydner achieved orgasm. In the fantasy scenario, Ginny did not hide in the kitchen to avoid speaking to Leydner while he paid for his meal.

 Look guys, just be yourselves, OK?

 How about some Dancing Queen pictures? I hear Jason looks hot in a grass skirt.

 post the wedding pics! thankee

 sad but true, john; he passed away on the morning of johnathan and angie's wedding day. a terrible shame - angie had just contacted the theatre group he's involved with, in an attempt to get him and Jason Carter to come to VCU. the wheel turns on... From: Jms at B5 (jmsatb5@aol.com) creator of Babylon 5, for those not in the know Subject: Today We Lost Richard Biggs Newsgroups: urlLink rec.arts.sf.tv.babylon5.moderated Date: 2004-05-22 16:43:06 PST I was awakened today with several phone calls from cast members and Doug to pass along the terrible news that this morning, Richard Biggs passed away. We're still gathering information, so take none of this as firm word, but what seems to have happened, happened quickly. He woke up, got up out of bed...and went down. The paramedics who showed up suggested it was either an aneurysm or a massive stroke. His family members have been informed, and all of the the cast have, as far as we can determine, also been informed. This is a terrible loss for all of us. Richard was a consummate professional but more than that he was an honorable, stand-up guy. If he gave you his word on something, you never had to wonder about it afterward. He was always helpful and supportive of all the cast, even those who only came in for one episode, always with a ready smile and determined to do whatever it took to make the scene work. He was, quite simply, a terrific guy, and everyone here is just devastated at the news. More word as this develops. We may try to have some kind of fund raiser to help give whatever assistance may be helpful for his kids. We all miss him terribly. jms UPDATE: here's the urlLink CNN article concerning his passing.

 What does the 0 comments thing mean?

 I read on another website that Richard Biggs (Dr. Franklin) died. Ben, any word on the B5 websites? It was reported as sudden and unexpected, but no other details.

 urlLink Powell Distances Himself From Bush Powell told Tim Russert on "Meet the Press" that he had cited intelligence that was provided to the CIA and which he now believes had been deliberately falsified in an effort to win public approval for the war. Referring to his Feb. 5, 2003 appearance before the U.N.s Security Council, when he argued that Iraq had or was close to developing WMD, including biological weapons, Powell told Russert the information he offered was not only wrong, but that in some cases the intelligence cited by the administration had been purposefully misleading. "It turned out that the sourcing was inaccurate and wrong and, in some cases, deliberately misleading," Powell said. "And for that, I am disappointed and I regret it."

 The long-awaited final Star Wars blockbuster will be called Birth Of The Empire , movie insiders have revealed. And the highlight of the space epic will be a thrilling lightsabre clash between Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) and Anakin Skywalker (Hayden Christensen) while surfing on lava . The Hollywood source said: Anakin and Obi-Wan fight on platforms on the lava. They control these like surfboards. The sixth movie in the series also features Anakins transformation into evil Darth Vader and his baby son, Luke, being smuggled to safety to the desert planet Tatooine. The source added: Theres going to be a big announcement soon. Theyve tried lots of titles but the most popular is Birth Of The Empire. The news has already caused excitement among the legions of Star Wars fans monitoring the films development on the internet. Star Wars: Episode III is due out next May.



 sometimes he is just so darn cute. :)

 urlLink Woman At Farscape Convention Has Dangerously Inflated Self-Image & What Do You Think? urlLink Iraqi Prisoner Abuse

 tom delay is a sick fuck who should be removed from office: ``I saw cruel, sadistic torture,'' said Rep. Jane Harman, D-Calif., who added that some of the images were of male prisoners masturbating. She said she saw a man hitting himself against a wall as though to knock himself unconscious. Sen. Ben Nelson, D-Neb., said he did not see acts of violence, but what appeared to be ``results of acts of violence.'' He said he saw people in body bags and a person with a face ``virtually gone.'' He saw ``people being stitched up above the eyebrow apparently unconscious.'' Rep. Gary Ackerman, D-N.Y., said, ``There were people who were forced to have sex with each other.'' Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., said, ``There were some pictures where it looked like a prisoner was sodomizing himself'' with an object. He said blood was visible in the photograph. But House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas, said he thought ``some people are overreacting.'' ``The people who are against the war are using this to their political ends,'' he said.

 That's pretty disturbing. Although not as weird as when you think you've put on loads of weight then it turns out your pants are full of squirrels...

 God...I really hate those days when your pants don't fit right. You spend all day thinking you're fat and have gained weight.... and then turns out that you've just had them on backwards....

 Cookie BEAR!

 her squirrels are her followers - she doesn't have a problem with them - sheesh.

 And what's wrong with squirrels, oh Glorious One?

 Someone FINALLY noticed! It's hard to be a goddess with no followers.... except for the squirrells...

 eva haley is a goddess.

 THE GLOBE DAMN YOU!!!

 Eva, dude...TELL ME ABOUT IT!!! I didn't think that my head could really spin this fast. I feel like Linda Blair... PS Friday is going to own my face. Socks will be rocked. PPS I think I actually type better with fake nails.

 There is no globe. Only a spellcheck button.

 oh stop it yel. hardly anyone blogs here - let the ones who will be here, be here. sheesh.

 THE BERATING WILL CONTINUE UNTIL BLOGGING IMPROVES

 I just realized that I haven't posted on here in ages. My wedding is taking over my life.

 i didn't get the jimi joke.

 a hyperlink can be created by using the little globe with the chain across it. it's right next to the spell check button. you press the globe, put in the web site address, and then bam - you've got a hyperlink. i hope that helps.

 No idea where this "button" is. Also, lost the HTML code for creating a link. Would greatly welcome a solution rather than repeated berating. fiddle faddle floooo

 a urlLink tale of warning to the sunlight-deficient gamer in your life...

 that's very funny, JLS. i liked how we can also hear Jimi through food. who knew? now, make your freakin' links active! there's a button for it on the publishing side. use! urlLink the aforementioned link

 Guess I liked it... http://www.icongrill.net/promotion_winners.htm

 CBS news urlLink article concerning the abuse of Iraqi prisoners by members of the US and British Army here's another urlLink link with more of the aforementioned photos; proceed with caution - these are not pretty.

 amusing; be sure to read the last line for some added fun urlLink Schwarzenegger: Stop making bobblehead dolls

 read your email - listen to your phone messages! tomorrow night instead of tonight! dinner and movie! alert jason!

 NICK!

 hello from ohio! we arrived at the origins game con this past wednesday; if anyone's interested, i've been posting daily updates on my urlLink secret city blog. hope everyone is doing well; we will return this monday. woot!

 I was reading a book full of odd trivia the other day. In it was a list of original movie endings versus what was released in the film. The one that blew me away was "Blade Runner". According to this book, which supposedly got its info from the producer or director (sorry, I never can keep who does what, but that is a different topic), Decker is replicant in both the released version and the original version. Where the hell did that come from? I have seen the movie at least a half dozen times, but have never thought that. Am I just way out in la-la land? [avoid the temptation on that one Mir ;) ] Did I miss something?

 So I have no gall bladder now. In order to remove it, I had to be inflicted with four small surgical stab wounds. Not pleasant. Luckily I have good babysitters.

 ...because not one of the options Ben mentioned for the Blog, past or present, are available in the view we Apple users are given. All we have are stupid drop-down arrows that we have to click on to read each post.

 ...for a new age. that, and i was bored with the old one. now everyone can see the members of the circle, in a handy list to the right. enterprising members (read: those with nothing better to do) might take the opportunity to create a profile for themselves. if you do, remember to utilize one of the following techniques: - vague, obscure information (in an attempt to look cool) - ridiculously detailed information (in an attempt to seem interesting) - wildly inaccurate information (in an attempt to be funny) you may have noticed that the links are gone. you may not care. they will return, or not... please let me know if you'd like them to. for those who tend to post hyperlinks reasonably often, please see me after class. shouldn't take any more than a few minutes. hope everyone is well. i love all of you, hurt by the cold.

 Another urlLink violation of international law! Congratulations Bush Team!

 is do we want religion as a part of secular society? me - i personally don't. i think religion belongs in churches and in the home and not in the public forum. and i believe this simply because we are a country of diversity - you can believe whatever you want here so there's no way you can generalize religion enough so it appeals to everyone. but do i hate the richmond "unity" tree. damn right i do. it's stupid not to call it a christmas tree. what, were we just suddenly inspired to put up a tree in december to represent our city unity? sheesh. at least call it the "winter tree" or the "holiday tree" or something.

 here's the straight dope on urlLink how long the power would stay on if urlLink zombies took over. even stranger, urlLink here's a positive review of michael moore's upcoming film urlLink fahrenheit 911 from fox news!

 I would just as soon that the issue go away, but it won't. So, the court just ducked an issue that will be back. Why not just rule on it and get it over with? Now, I heard someone speculate that the reason they kicked it back was to smack the 9th Circuit on the hand for letting it get this far "improperly". I don't buy that. I was surprised when I saw the breakdown of the votes. I assumed that Scalia and Thomas would have been on the side of not hearing it (for fear of losing the case), but they (and someone else) basically said the case was without merit.

 John, Why is this particular issue so important to you?

 I cannot believe the Supreme Court used a technicality to avoid hearing the case of "Under God" in the pledge of allegiance. This needs to be resolved and will be back in front of the Court in the next year or two.

 samsung's urlLink olympic spirit urlLink for the JLS in your life urlLink potato chips as ad space urlLink wall street to shut down on friday in memory of reagan (interesting symbolism; check urlLink here for bernard sherman's take on 'reaganomics') and finally, urlLink real life superheroes, superheroines and supervillians (a must-read; many links to see, such last week's urlLink man creates armor-plated bulldozer to level his hometown )

 urlLink http://www.angryflower.com/limes.gif

 From Ebert.... "Films like "The Chronicles of Riddick" gather about them cadres of fans who obsess about every smallest detail, but somehow I don't think "Riddick" will make as many converts as "The Matrix." In fact, I owe an apology to fans of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy. When Richard Roeper reviewed the current two-disc DVD of "Lord of the Rings: Return of the King" on TV, I noted that a four-disc set of the movie was coming out later this year. He observed that the complete trilogy will come out on "an accordion size set that will take up the next six years of your life." I observed that "LOTR" fans should "get a life." I meant this as an affectionate ironic throwaway, but have received dozens of wounded e-mails from Ring devotees who believe "LOTR" has, indeed, given them a life, and after seeing "The Chronicles of Riddick," I agree. They have a life. The prospect of become an expert on "Riddick," in contrast, is too depressing to contemplate."

 check your email!

 Is this also visible from the US? urlLink Live Images of the Transit of Venus 2004

 the whole article: urlLink http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A23373-2004Jun7.html Memo Offered Justification for Use of Torture Justice Dept. Gave Advice in 2002 By Dana Priest and R. Jeffrey Smith Washington Post Staff Writers Tuesday, June 8, 2004; Page A01 In August 2002, the Justice Department advised the White House that torturing al Qaeda terrorists in captivity abroad "may be justified," and that international laws against torture "may be unconstitutional if applied to interrogations" conducted in President Bush's war on terrorism, according to a newly obtained memo. If a government employee were to torture a suspect in captivity, "he would be doing so in order to prevent further attacks on the United States by the Al Qaeda terrorist network," said the memo, from the Justice Department's office of legal counsel, written in response to a CIA request for legal guidance. It added that arguments centering on "necessity and self-defense could provide justifications that would eliminate any criminal liability" later. The memo seems to counter the pre-Sept. 11, 2001, assumption that U.S. government personnel would never be permitted to torture captives. It was offered after the CIA began detaining and interrogating suspected al Qaeda leaders in Afghanistan and elsewhere in the wake of the attacks, according to government officials familiar with the document. The legal reasoning in the 2002 memo, which covered treatment of al Qaeda detainees in CIA custody, was later used in a March 2003 report by Pentagon lawyers assessing interrogation rules governing the Defense Department's detention center at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. At that time, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld had asked the lawyers to examine the logistical, policy and legal issues associated with interrogation techniques. Bush administration officials say flatly that, despite the discussion of legal issues in the two memos, it has abided by international conventions barring torture, and that detainees at Guantanamo and elsewhere have been treated humanely, except in the cases of abuse at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq for which seven military police soldiers have been charged. Still, the 2002 and 2003 memos reflect the Bush administration's desire to explore the limits on how far it could legally go in aggressively interrogating foreigners suspected of terrorism or of having information that could thwart future attacks. In the 2002 memo, written for the CIA and addressed to White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales, the Justice Department defined torture in a much narrower way, for example, than does the U.S. Army, which has historically carried out most wartime interrogations. In the Justice Department's view -- contained in a 50-page document signed by Assistant Attorney General Jay S. Bybee and obtained by The Washington Post -- inflicting moderate or fleeting pain does not necessarily constitute torture. Torture, the memo says, "must be equivalent in intensity to the pain accompanying serious physical injury, such as organ failure, impairment of bodily function, or even death." By contrast, the Army's Field Manual 34-52, titled "Intelligence Interrogations," sets more restrictive rules. For example, the Army prohibits pain induced by chemicals or bondage; forcing an individual to stand, sit or kneel in abnormal positions for prolonged periods of time; and food deprivation. Under mental torture, the Army prohibits mock executions, sleep deprivation and chemically induced psychosis. Human rights groups expressed dismay at the Justice Department's legal reasoning yesterday. "It is by leaps and bounds the worst thing I've seen since this whole Abu Ghraib scandal broke," said Tom Malinowski of Human Rights Watch. "It appears that what they were contemplating was the commission of war crimes and looking for ways to avoid legal accountability. The effect is to throw out years of military doctrine and standards on interrogations." But a spokesman for the White House counsel's office said, "The president directed the military to treat al Qaeda and Taliban humanely and consistent with the Geneva Conventions."

 urlLink which of the greek gods are you? urlLink miriam's result: Aphrodite/Eros * edited by admin b/c of formatting errors; original content is intact

 i am seriously bored out of my mind.

 is like a very, very good afterschool special.

 This is a bit of a long shot, but does anyone know anybody who might need somewhere to stay in London over July and August? I'm trying to fill my flat (apartment, sorry) while I'm over there getting Eva'd up.





 i watched the speech last night and richard actually clapped at one point.&nbsp; i still believe al sharpton (yes, al sharpton - don't ridicule until you heard the speech or read the transcript) gave the best speech but kerry was inspiring and made me want to vote for him as opposed to just against w.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i think the democrats can win this thing - but only if the electorate comes out in droves, everybody who has the right to vote is granted that right, there is no sudden terrorist attack to stop the election, or osama bin laden is suddenly captured november 1 and people are too naive to see the con game.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; i haven't given up on virginia - the democrats can win this state.

 my good friend john robinson asked me an excellent question about a month ago, on the road to ohio: 'ben, are you voting for john kerry, or just against george bush?' i replied, 'i'm voting against bush. i don't know kerry, but i know bush.' john, thank you for that question; but i've changed my mind as of last night. i'm voting for kerry, now, and have volunteered to work for his campaign here in virginia. We are here tonight because we love our country. We are proud of what America is and what it can become. My fellow Americans: we are here tonight united in one simple purpose: to make America stronger at home and respected in the world. A great American novelist wrote that you can't go home again. He could not have imagined this evening. Tonight, I am home. Home where my public life began and those who made it possible live. Home where our nation's history was written in blood, idealism, and hope. Home where my parents showed me the values of family, faith, and country. Thank you, all of you, for a welcome home I will never forget. I wish my parents could share this moment. They went to their rest in the last few years, but their example, their inspiration, their gift of open eyes, open mind, and endless world are bigger and more lasting than any words. I was born in Colorado, in Fitzsimmons Army Hospital, when my dad was a pilot in World War II. Now, I'm not one to read into things, but guess which wing of the hospital the maternity ward was in? I'm not making this up. I was born in the West Wing! My mother was the rock of our family as so many mothers are. She stayed up late to help me do my homework. She sat by my bed when I was sick, and she answered the questions of a child who, like all children, found the world full of wonders and mysteries. She was my den mother when I was a Cub Scout and she was so proud of her fifty year pin as a Girl Scout leader. She gave me her passion for the environment. She taught me to see trees as the cathedrals of nature. And by the power of her example, she showed me that we can and must finish the march toward full equality for all women in our country. My dad did the things that a boy remembers. He gave me my first model airplane, my first baseball mitt and my first bicycle. He also taught me that we are here for something bigger than ourselves; he lived out the responsibilities and sacrifices of the greatest generation to whom we owe so much. When I was a young man, he was in the State Department, stationed in Berlin when it and the world were divided between democracy and communism. I have unforgettable memories of being a kid mesmerized by the British, French, and American troops, each of them guarding their own part of the city, and Russians standing guard on the stark line separating East from West. On one occasion, I rode my bike into Soviet East Berlin. And when I proudly told my dad, he promptly grounded me. But what I learned has stayed with me for a lifetime. I saw how different life was on different sides of the same city. I saw the fear in the eyes of people who were not free. I saw the gratitude of people toward the United States for all that we had done. I felt goose bumps as I got off a military train and heard the Army band strike up "Stars and Stripes Forever." I learned what it meant to be America at our best. I learned the pride of our freedom. And I am determined now to restore that pride to all who look to America. Mine were greatest generation parents. And as I thank them, we all join together to thank that whole generation for making America strong, for winning World War II, winning the Cold War, and for the great gift of service which brought America fifty years of peace and prosperity. My parents inspired me to serve, and when I was a junior in high school, John Kennedy called my generation to service. It was the beginning of a great journey a time to march for civil rights, for voting rights, for the environment, for women, and for peace. We believed we could change the world. And you know what? We did. But we're not finished. The journey isn't complete. The march isn't over. The promise isn't perfected. Tonight, we're setting out again. And together, we're going to write the next great chapter of America's story. We have it in our power to change the world again. But only if we're true to our ideals and that starts by telling the truth to the American people. That is my first pledge to you tonight. As President, I will restore trust and credibility to the White House. I ask you to judge me by my record: As a young prosecutor, I fought for victim's rights and made prosecuting violence against women a priority. When I came to the Senate, I broke with many in my own party to vote for a balanced budget, because I thought it was the right thing to do. I fought to put a 100,000 cops on the street. And then I reached across the aisle to work with John McCain, to find the truth about our POW's and missing in action, and to finally make peace with Vietnam. I will be a commander in chief who will never mislead us into war. I will have a Vice President who will not conduct secret meetings with polluters to rewrite our environmental laws. I will have a Secretary of Defense who will listen to the best advice of our military leaders. And I will appoint an Attorney General who actually upholds the Constitution of the United States. My fellow Americans, this is the most important election of our lifetime. The stakes are high. We are a nation at war a global war on terror against an enemy unlike any we have ever known before. And here at home, wages are falling, health care costs are rising, and our great middle class is shrinking. People are working weekends; they're working two jobs, three jobs, and they're still not getting ahead. We're told that outsourcing jobs is good for America. We're told that new jobs that pay $9,000 less than the jobs that have been lost is the best we can do. They say this is the best economy we've ever had. And they say that anyone who thinks otherwise is a pessimist. Well, here is our answer: There is nothing more pessimistic than saying America can't do better. We can do better and we will. We're the optimists. For us, this is a country of the future. We're the can do people. And let's not forget what we did in the 1990s. We balanced the budget. We paid down the debt. We created 23 million new jobs. We lifted millions out of poverty and we lifted the standard of living for the middle class. We just need to believe in ourselves and we can do it again. So tonight, in the city where America's freedom began, only a few blocks from where the sons and daughters of liberty gave birth to our nation here tonight, on behalf of a new birth of freedom on behalf of the middle class who deserve a champion, and those struggling to join it who deserve a fair shot for the brave men and women in uniform who risk their lives every day and the families who pray for their return for all those who believe our best days are ahead of us for all of you with great faith in the American people, I accept your nomination for President of the United States. I am proud that at my side will be a running mate whose life is the story of the American dream and who's worked every day to make that dream real for all Americans Senator John Edwards of North Carolina. And his wonderful wife Elizabeth and their family. This son of a mill worker is ready to lead and next January, Americans will be proud to have a fighter for the middle class to succeed Dick Cheney as Vice President of the United States. And what can I say about Teresa? She has the strongest moral compass of anyone I know. She's down to earth, nurturing, courageous, wise and smart. She speaks her mind and she speaks the truth, and I love her for that, too. And that's why America will embrace her as the next First Lady of the United States. For Teresa and me, no matter what the future holds or the past has given us, nothing will ever mean as much as our children. We love them not just for who they are and what they've become, but for being themselves, making us laugh, holding our feet to the fire, and never letting me get away with anything. Thank you, Andre, Alex, Chris, Vanessa, and John. And in this journey, I am accompanied by an extraordinary band of brothers led by that American hero, a patriot named Max Cleland. Our band of brothers doesn't march together because of who we are as veterans, but because of what we learned as soldiers. We fought for this nation because we loved it and we came back with the deep belief that every day is extra. We may be a little older now, we may be a little grayer, but we still know how to fight for our country. And standing with us in that fight are those who shared with me the long season of the primary campaign: Carol Moseley Braun, General Wesley Clark, Howard Dean, Dick Gephardt, Bob Graham, Dennis Kucinich, Joe Lieberman and Al Sharpton. To all of you, I say thank you for teaching me and testing me but mostly, we say thank you for standing up for our country and giving us the unity to move America forward. My fellow Americans, the world tonight is very different from the world of four years ago. But I believe the American people are more than equal to the challenge. Remember the hours after September 11th, when we came together as one to answer the attack against our homeland. We drew strength when our firefighters ran up the stairs and risked their lives, so that others might live. When rescuers rushed into smoke and fire at the Pentagon. When the men and women of Flight 93 sacrificed themselves to save our nation's Capitol. When flags were hanging from front porches all across America, and strangers became friends. It was the worst day we have ever seen, but it brought out the best in all of us. I am proud that after September 11th all our people rallied to President Bush's call for unity to meet the danger. There were no Democrats. There were no Republicans. There were only Americans. How we wish it had stayed that way. Now I know there are those who criticize me for seeing complexities and I do because some issues just aren't all that simple. Saying there are weapons of mass destruction in Iraq doesn't make it so. Saying we can fight a war on the cheap doesnt make it so. And proclaiming mission accomplished certainly doesn't make it so. As President, I will ask hard questions and demand hard evidence. I will immediately reform the intelligence system so policy is guided by facts, and facts are never distorted by politics. And as President, I will bring back this nation's time-honored tradition: the United States of America never goes to war because we want to, we only go to war because we have to. I know what kids go through when they are carrying an M-16 in a dangerous place and they can't tell friend from foe. I know what they go through when they're out on patrol at night and they don't know what's coming around the next bend. I know what it's like to write letters home telling your family that everything's all right when you're not sure that's true. As President, I will wage this war with the lessons I learned in war. Before you go to battle, you have to be able to look a parent in the eye and truthfully say: "I tried everything possible to avoid sending your son or daughter into harm's way. But we had no choice. We had to protect the American people, fundamental American values from a threat that was real and imminent." So lesson one, this is the only justification for going to war. And on my first day in office, I will send a message to every man and woman in our armed forces: You will never be asked to fight a war without a plan to win the peace. I know what we have to do in Iraq. We need a President who has the credibility to bring our allies to our side and share the burden, reduce the cost to American taxpayers, and reduce the risk to American soldiers. That's the right way to get the job done and bring our troops home. Here is the reality: that won't happen until we have a president who restores America's respect and leadership -- so we don't have to go it alone in the world. And we need to rebuild our alliances, so we can get the terrorists before they get us. I defended this country as a young man and I will defend it as President. Let there be no mistake: I will never hesitate to use force when it is required. Any attack will be met with a swift and certain response. I will never give any nation or international institution a veto over our national security. And I will build a stronger American military. We will add 40,000 active duty troops not in Iraq, but to strengthen American forces that are now overstretched, overextended, and under pressure. We will double our special forces to conduct anti-terrorist operations. We will provide our troops with the newest weapons and technology to save their lives and win the battle. And we will end the backdoor draft of National Guard and reservists. To all who serve in our armed forces today, I say, help is on the way. As President, I will fight a smarter, more effective war on terror. We will deploy every tool in our arsenal: our economic as well as our military might; our principles as well as our firepower. In these dangerous days there is a right way and a wrong way to be strong. Strength is more than tough words. After decades of experience in national security, I know the reach of our power and I know the power of our ideals. We need to make America once again a beacon in the world. We need to be looked up to and not just feared. We need to lead a global effort against nuclear proliferation to keep the most dangerous weapons in the world out of the most dangerous hands in the world. We need a strong military and we need to lead strong alliances. And then, with confidence and determination, we will be able to tell the terrorists: You will lose and we will win. The future doesn't belong to fear; it belongs to freedom. And the front lines of this battle are not just far away they're right here on our shores, at our airports, and potentially in any town or city. Today, our national security begins with homeland security. The 9-11 Commission has given us a path to follow, endorsed by Democrats, Republicans, and the 9-11 families. As President, I will not evade or equivocate; I will immediately implement the recommendations of that commission. We shouldn't be letting ninety-five percent of container ships come into our ports without ever being physically inspected. We shouldn't be leaving our nuclear and chemical plants without enough protection. And we shouldn't be opening firehouses in Baghdad and closing them down in the United States of America. And tonight, we have an important message for those who question the patriotism of Americans who offer a better direction for our country. Before wrapping themselves in the flag and shutting their eyes and ears to the truth, they should remember what America is really all about. They should remember the great idea of freedom for which so many have given their lives. Our purpose now is to reclaim democracy itself. We are here to affirm that when Americans stand up and speak their minds and say America can do better, that is not a challenge to patriotism; it is the heart and soul of patriotism. You see that flag up there. We call her Old Glory. The stars and stripes forever. I fought under that flag, as did so many of you here and all across our country. That flag flew from the gun turret right behind my head. It was shot through and through and tattered, but it never ceased to wave in the wind. It draped the caskets of men I served with and friends I grew up with. For us, that flag is the most powerful symbol of who we are and what we believe in. Our strength. Our diversity. Our love of country. All that makes America both great and good. That flag doesn't belong to any president. It doesn't belong to any ideology and it doesn't belong to any political party. It belongs to all the American people. My fellow citizens, elections are about choices. And choices are about values. In the end, it's not just policies and programs that matter; the president who sits at that desk must be guided by principle. For four years, we've heard a lot of talk about values. But values spoken without actions taken are just slogans. Values are not just words. They're what we live by. They're about the causes we champion and the people we fight for. And it is time for those who talk about family values to start valuing families. You don't value families by kicking kids out of after school programs and taking cops off our streets, so that Enron can get another tax break. We believe in the family value of caring for our children and protecting the neighborhoods where they walk and play. And that is the choice in this election. You don't value families by denying real prescription drug coverage to seniors, so big drug companies can get another windfall. We believe in the family value expressed in one of the oldest Commandments: "Honor thy father and thy mother." As President, I will not privatize Social Security. I will not cut benefits. And together, we will make sure that senior citizens never have to cut their pills in half because they can't afford life-saving medicine. And that is the choice in this election. You don't value families if you force them to take up a collection to buy body armor for a son or daughter in the service, if you deny veterans health care, or if you tell middle class families to wait for a tax cut, so that the wealthiest among us can get even more. We believe in the value of doing what's right for everyone in the American family. And that is the choice in this election. We believe that what matters most is not narrow appeals masquerading as values, but the shared values that show the true face of America. Not narrow appeals that divide us, but shared values that unite us. Family and faith. Hard work and responsibility. Opportunity for all so that every child, every parent, every worker has an equal shot at living up to their God-given potential. What does it mean in America today when Dave McCune, a steel worker I met in Canton, Ohio, saw his job sent overseas and the equipment in his factory literally unbolted, crated up, and shipped thousands of miles away along with that job? What does it mean when workers I've met had to train their foreign replacements? America can do better. So tonight we say: help is on the way. What does it mean when Mary Ann Knowles, a woman with breast cancer I met in New Hampshire, had to keep working day after day right through her chemotherapy, no matter how sick she felt, because she was terrified of losing her family's health insurance. America can do better. And help is on the way. What does it mean when Deborah Kromins from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania works and saves all her life only to find out that her pension has disappeared into thin air and the executive who looted it has bailed out on a golden parachute? America can do better. And help is on the way. What does it mean when twenty five percent of the children in Harlem have asthma because of air pollution? America can do better. And help is on the way. What does it mean when people are huddled in blankets in the cold, sleeping in Lafayette Park on the doorstep of the White House itself and the number of families living in poverty has risen by three million in the last four years? America can do better. And help is on the way. And so we come here tonight to ask: Where is the conscience of our country? I'll tell you where it is: it's in rural and small town America; it's in urban neighborhoods and suburban main streets; it's alive in the people I've met in every part of this land. It's bursting in the hearts of Americans who are determined to give our country back its values and its truth. We value jobs that pay you more not less than you earned before. We value jobs where, when you put in a week's work, you can actually pay your bills, provide for your children, and lift up the quality of your life. We value an America where the middle class is not being squeezed, but doing better. So here is our economic plan to build a stronger America: First, new incentives to revitalize manufacturing. Second, investment in technology and innovation that will create the good-paying jobs of the future. Third, close the tax loopholes that reward companies for shipping our jobs overseas. Instead, we will reward companies that create and keep good paying jobs where they belong in the good old U.S.A. We value an America that exports products, not jobs and we believe American workers should never have to subsidize the loss of their own job. Next, we will trade and compete in the world. But our plan calls for a fair playing field because if you give the American worker a fair playing field, there's nobody in the world the American worker can't compete against. And we're going to return to fiscal responsibility because it is the foundation of our economic strength. Our plan will cut the deficit in half in four years by ending tax giveaways that are nothing more than corporate welfare and will make government live by the rule that every family has to follow: pay as you go. And let me tell you what we won't do: we won't raise taxes on the middle class. You've heard a lot of false charges about this in recent months. So let me say straight out what I will do as President: I will cut middle class taxes. I will reduce the tax burden on small business. And I will roll back the tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals who make over $200,000 a year, so we can invest in job creation, health care and education. Our education plan for a stronger America sets high standards and demands accountability from parents, teachers, and schools. It provides for smaller class sizes and treats teachers like the professionals they are. And it gives a tax credit to families for each and every year of college. When I was a prosecutor, I met young kids who were in trouble, abandoned by adults. And as President, I am determined that we stop being a nation content to spend $50,000 a year to keep a young person in prison for the rest of their life when we could invest $10,000 to give them Head Start, Early Start, Smart Start, the best possible start in life. And we value health care that's affordable and accessible for all Americans. Since 2000, four million people have lost their health insurance. Millions more are struggling to afford it. You know what's happening. Your premiums, your co-payments, your deductibles have all gone through the roof. Our health care plan for a stronger America cracks down on the waste, greed, and abuse in our health care system and will save families up to $1,000 a year on their premiums. You'll get to pick your own doctor and patients and doctors, not insurance company bureaucrats, will make medical decisions. Under our plan, Medicare will negotiate lower drug prices for seniors. And all Americans will be able to buy less expensive prescription drugs from countries like Canada. The story of people struggling for health care is the story of so many Americans. But you know what, it's not the story of senators and members of Congress. Because we give ourselves great health care and you get the bill. Well, I'm here to say, your family's health care is just as important as any politician's in Washington, D.C. And when I'm President, America will stop being the only advanced nation in the world which fails to understand that health care is not a privilege for the wealthy, the connected, and the elected it is a right for all Americans. We value an America that controls its own destiny because it's finally and forever independent of Mideast oil. What does it mean for our economy and our national security when we only have three percent of the world's oil reserves, yet we rely on foreign countries for fifty-three percent of what we consume? I want an America that relies on its own ingenuity and innovation not the Saudi royal family. And our energy plan for a stronger America will invest in new technologies and alternative fuels and the cars of the future -- so that no young American in uniform will ever be held hostage to our dependence on oil from the Middle East. I've told you about our plans for the economy, for education, for health care, for energy independence. I want you to know more about them. So now I'm going to say something that Franklin Roosevelt could never have said in his acceptance speech: go to johnkerry.com. I want to address these next words directly to President George W. Bush: In the weeks ahead, let's be optimists, not just opponents. Let's build unity in the American family, not angry division. Let's honor this nation's diversity; let's respect one another; and let's never misuse for political purposes the most precious document in American history, the Constitution of the United States. My friends, the high road may be harder, but it leads to a better place. And that's why Republicans and Democrats must make this election a contest of big ideas, not small-minded attacks. This is our time to reject the kind of politics calculated to divide race from race, group from group, region from region. Maybe some just see us divided into red states and blue states, but I see us as one America red, white, and blue. And when I am President, the government I lead will enlist people of talent, Republicans as well as Democrats, to find the common ground so that no one who has something to contribute will be left on the sidelines. And let me say it plainly: in that cause, and in this campaign, we welcome people of faith. America is not us and them. I think of what Ron Reagan said of his father a few weeks ago, and I want to say this to you tonight: I don't wear my own faith on my sleeve. But faith has given me values and hope to live by, from Vietnam to this day, from Sunday to Sunday. I don't want to claim that God is on our side. As Abraham Lincoln told us, I want to pray humbly that we are on God's side. And whatever our faith, one belief should bind us all: The measure of our character is our willingness to give of ourselves for others and for our country. These aren't Democratic values. These aren't Republican values. They're American values. We believe in them. They're who we are. And if we honor them, if we believe in ourselves, we can build an America that's stronger at home and respected in the world. So much promise stretches before us. Americans have always reached for the impossible, looked to the next horizon, and asked: What if? Two young bicycle mechanics from Dayton asked what if this airplane could take off at Kitty Hawk? It did that and changed the world forever. A young president asked what if we could go to the moon in ten years? And now we're exploring the solar system and the stars themselves. A young generation of entrepreneurs asked, what if we could take all the information in a library and put it on a little chip the size of a fingernail? We did and that too changed the world forever. And now it's our time to ask: What if? What if we find a breakthrough to cure Parkinson's, diabetes, Alzheimer's and AIDs? What if we have a president who believes in science, so we can unleash the wonders of discovery like stem cell research to treat illness and save millions of lives? What if we do what adults should do and make sure all our children are safe in the afternoons after school? And what if we have a leadership that's as good as the American dream so that bigotry and hatred never again steal the hope and future of any American? I learned a lot about these values on that gunboat patrolling the Mekong Delta with young Americans who came from places as different as Iowa and Oregon, Arkansas, Florida and California. No one cared where we went to school. No one cared about our race or our backgrounds. We were literally all in the same boat. We looked out, one for the other and we still do. That is the kind of America I will lead as President an America where we are all in the same boat. Never has there been a more urgent moment for Americans to step up and define ourselves. I will work my heart out. But, my fellow citizens, the outcome is in your hands more than mine. It is time to reach for the next dream. It is time to look to the next horizon. For America, the hope is there. The sun is rising. Our best days are still to come. Goodnight, God bless you, and God bless America. urlLink johnkerry.com

 from the new republic, july 8 [as previously blogged]: ... a third source, an official who works under ISI's director, Lieutenant General Ehsan ul-Haq, informed tnr that the Pakistanis "have been told at every level that apprehension or killing of HVTs before [the] election is [an] absolute must." What's more, this source claims that Bush administration officials have told their Pakistani counterparts they have a date in mind for announcing this achievement: "The last ten days of July deadline has been given repeatedly by visitors to Islamabad and during [ul-Haq's] meetings in Washington." Says McCormack: "I'm aware of no such comment." But according to this ISI official, a White House aide told ul-Haq last spring that "it would be best if the arrest or killing of [any] HVT were announced on twenty-six, twenty-seven, or twenty-eight July" - the first three days of the Democratic National Convention in Boston. what happens today? "Security forces have captured a high-level al Qaeda operative in a raid in central Pakistan, Interior Minister Faisal Saleh Hayat said." judge for yourself.

 about elizabeth edwards - she does kind of look like ben's mom.

 ...but if they're gay then watch out! urlLink stem cell research

 I remember the comic convention in '82 ('83?) where I saw posters for "Revenge of the Jedi." Dad wouldn't buy one. Soon after the title was changed. What those posters are worth now....

 Episode III has been officially named "Revenge of the Sith."&nbsp; I guess it is okay for the sith to have revenge but not the jedi.&nbsp; Only 10 months to one of the least anticipated moves in history (or at least since Gigli)

 urlLink pie chart of empty supervillian threats

 I saw this on the Today Show this morning.&nbsp; It is hysterical and slams both candidates equally.&nbsp; Well worth the few minutes it takes to load. &nbsp; urlLink http://www.jibjab.com



 &nbsp;EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: LAW ENFORCEMENT:I was arrested in Kennebunkport, Maine, in 1976 for driving under the influence of alcohol. I pled guilty, paid a fine, and had my driver's license suspended for 30 days. My Texas driving record has been "lost" and is not available. MILITARY:I joined the Texas Air National Guard and went AWOL. I refused to take a drug test or answer any questions about my drug use. By joining the Texas Air National Guard, I was able to avoid combat duty in Vietnam. COLLEGE:I graduated from Yale University with a low C average. I was a cheerleader. PAST WORK EXPERIENCE:I ran for U.S. Congress and lost. I began my career in the oil business in Midland, Texas, in 1975. I bought an oil company, but couldn't find any oil in Texas. I bought the Texas Rangers baseball team in a sweetheart deal that took land using taxpayer money. With the help of my father and our right-wing friends in the oil industry (including Enron CEO Ken Lay), I was elected governor of Texas. ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS GOVERNOR OF TEXAS:I changed Texas pollution laws to favor power and oil companies, making Texas the most polluted state in the Union. During my tenure, Houston replaced Los Angeles as the most smog-ridden city in America. I cut taxes and bankrupted the Texas treasury to the tune of billions in borrowed money. I set the record for the most executions by any governor in American history. With the help of my brother, the governor of Florida, and my father's appointments to the SupremeCourt, I became President after losing by over 500,000 votes. ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS PRESIDENT:I am the first President in U.S. history to enter office with acriminal record.&nbsp; I invaded and occupied two countries at a continuing cost of over one billion dollars per week. ECONOMY:I spent the U.S. surplus and effectively bankrupted the U.S. Treasury. I shattered the record for the largest annual deficit in U.S. history. I set an economic record for most private bankruptcies filed in any 12-month period. I set the all-time record for most foreclosures in a 12-month period. I set the all-time record for the biggest drop in the history of the U.S. stock market.In my first year in office, over 2 million Americans lost their jobs and that trend has continued for the majority of my time in office. CABINET: I'm proud that the members of my cabinet are the richest of any administration in U.S. history. My "poorest millionaire," Condoleeza Rice, has a Chevron oil tanker named after her. I set the record for most campaign fund-raising trips by a U.S. President. I am the all-time U.S. and world record-holder for receiving the most corporate campaign donations. PRIVILEGE: My largest lifetime campaign contributor, and one of mybest friends, Kenneth Lay, presided over the largest corporate bankruptcy fraud in U.S. history, Enron. My political party used Enron private jets and corporate attorneys to assure my success with the U.S. Supreme Court during my election decision. I have protected myfriends at Enron and Halliburton against investigation or prosecution. More time and money was spent investigating the Monica Lewinsky affair than has been spent investigating one of the biggest corporate rip-offs in history. CORRUPTION:I presided over the biggest energy crisis in U.S. historyand refused to intervene when corruption involving the oil industry was revealed.&nbsp; I presided over the highest gasoline prices in U.S. history. I changed the U.S. policy to allow convicted criminals to be awarded government contracts. I appointed more convicted criminals to administration than any President in U.S. history. FOREIGN RELATIONS: I created the Ministry of Homeland Security, the largest bureaucracy in the history of the United States government. I've broken more international treaties than any President in U.S. history.&nbsp; I am the first President in U.S. history to have the United Nations remove the U.S. from the Human Rights Commission. I withdrew the U.S. from the World Court of Law. I refused to allow inspectors access to U.S. "prisoners of war" detainees and thereby have refused to abide by the Geneva Convention. I am the first President in history to refuse United Nations election inspectors (during the 2002 U.S. election). ACCESS:I set the record for fewest number of press conferences of any President since the advent of television. I set the all-time record for most days on vacation in any one-year period. After taking off the entire month of August, I resided over the worst security failure in U.S. history. WORLD IMAGE: I garnered the most sympathy for the U.S. after the World Trade Center attacks and less than a year later made the U.S. the most hated country in the world, the largest failure of diplomacy in world history. I have set the all-time record for most people worldwideto simultaneously protest me in public venues (15 million people), shattering the record for protest against any person in the history of mankind. I am the first President in U.S. history to order an unprovoked, pre-emptive attack and the military occupation of a sovereign nation. I did so against the will of the United Nations, the majority of U.S. citizens, and the world community. I have cut health care benefits for war veterans and support a cut in duty benefits foractive duty troops and their families -- in wartime. MILITARY INTELLIGENCE: In my State of the Union Address, I lied about our reasons for attacking Iraq, then blamed the lies on our British friends. I am the first President in history to have a majority of Europeans (71%) view my presidency as the biggest threat to world peace and security. I am supporting development of a nuclear "Tactical Bunker Buster," a WMD. I have so far failedto fulfill my pledge to bring Osama Bin Laden to justice. RECORDS AND REFERENCES: All records of my tenure as governor of Texas are now in my father's library, sealed and unavailable for public view. All records of SEC investigations into my insider trading and my bankrupt companies are sealed in secrecy and unavailable for public view. All records or minutes from meetings that I, or my Vice-President, attended regarding public energy policy are sealed in secrecy and unavailable for public review. PLEASE CONSIDER MY EXPERIENCE WHEN VOTING IN 2004.

 John -- Given that if I die her options in life greatly diminish -- and given that others with similar conditions do not have access to the benefits that I can provide, albeit with difficulty -- I will opt for affordable. That said, I don't consider the two goals (affordability and high quality) necessarily to be mutually exclusive -- but that, as with most things, is a matter of individual conclusions drawn from the available data. And yes, I do indeed subscribe to a number of absolutes -- while accepting that acting on those absolutes is not entirely effective in all cases, despite the times when I do anyway. They're also subject not only to change, but to wide variation based on past and future conditions. I try to adapt and accept that any given conclusion I form may be wrong, but I don't often succeed. The curse of consciousness: the only universe I will ever truly know is the one I perceive, physically, mentally, emotionally, or spiritually. If anything is a recipe for godhood, that's it. Fraught with unseen dangers, human consciousness is. That said, I wish there was a Republican I could vote for. But conservative ideology has replaced judgment; guiding principles have become a careening, unthinking thrillride. I'd say the same of a Democrat if such was the case; but so far, Kerry has not alarmed me. Perhaps he will. To be fair, very likely he will. We left the altruistic politician (of any ideology) far behind some 200+ years ago (if he or she ever existed at all). Until either party stops trying to stir its base into a frothy frenzy, the only option available to me is to do my part to keep the pendulum from swinging too far either way. This administration has swung it too far, too fast. Any party could have done it. The pendulum's arc needs to be tempered. Lacking a leader I can trust, I will opt for tempering until something better comes along.

 i don't like the comments section - i think it makes it harder to keep up with threads because you have to look at each post and see if it has any comments attached to it. me don't like. and yes, i agree with ben about blade runner. didn't notice it at first either john but it's very cool when you realize it.

 Johnathan - On the healthcare issue, assuming that the two are mutually exclusive (and I certainly do not believe that are and hope they are not), which would you prefer to have - high quality or affordable healthcare? As for absolutes, I think you (collective) have to have them to make decisions. You either think something is right or wrong. You believe something or you don't. You think something is true or false. I would bet that you (Johnathan) have more absolutes than realize, and that they help you form your outlook on life and opinion of things. I think a strong leader has to see the world in absolutes, or else they are not strong. Whether you agree with that leader is a reflection of your personal absolutes and how they compare with his (or hers).

 look urlLink here for confirmation on the "missing buttons" issue, if you're one of our mac bloggers. for others who may be interested - here's a comparision, taken from the publishing side of blogger, under the 'posting' and 'create' tabs, respectively: windows users see this. mac users see this; no HTML hotkeys, just spellcheck. perhaps a future version of blogger will resolve this issue...

 I will vote for the candidate who will bring my country closer to providing affordable health care for my wife. As a secondary value, I am unable to accept an individual, group, or nation striking first in any scenario. On these I am currently unbendable, though I willingly acknowledge the danger of absolutes. I am at peace with the paradox.

 Luc -- People vote for the individual who will most likely represent what they value. If it is impossible to imagine someone who might legitimately value a different thing than you, then most likely you perceive a universe of absolutes. Thus, in a matter of speaking, you are a believer. Which brings us back to your previous posting, which compared a believer to one who is drunk. So perhaps you cannot fathom someone voting for Bush because you're drunk.

 I will ask you the similar question. Why would anyone vote for John Kerry? I'm not asking why you hate George Bush, but why should I consider voting for Kerry? I have not seen many people excited about voting for him. I have seen plenty of people seething with hatred toward a man who has led us through a recession, terrorist attack, and massive corporate scandals, to the point that the Federal Reserve had to raise interest rates to "cool down the economy" (on a side note, I never have understood that reasoning). I know plenty of people who hate him because he says what he believes and he does (or trys to do) what he says. I asked Ben that question and got the very honest answer that he really wasn't voting for Kerry but against Bush. I am probably in the same boat, on the opposite side. I am a conservative. I am for small government. I believe that people are the answer to problems, not government. I am probably more Libertarian than Republican, but until the Libertarians get off the "legalize pot" argument as their primary campaign issue, I'll have to settle for the Republicans. Don't misuderstand me, I think pot should be legalized and regualted, but they make a major PR gaff by making that their primary issue. George Bush has disappointed me in many ways. He has introduced some radically liberal, big government, social programs that I disagree with. But, he has many more of my values than John Kerry. In fact, I think that I only share one value with John Kerry - we both like living/breathing (as versus being dead). Add to that the fact the he will not make a stand on an issue (i.e. waffling back and forth), then I have no respect for him at all. I also like the hypocrisy of the talk of the "Two Americas", considering his wealth and his running mates wealth.

 Because...if you don't vote for Bush, you hate freedom. Duh!

 Labor-backed group says new revisions to work rules will still mean lost overtime for millions July 14, 2004: 2:00 PM EDT NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Revised changes to overtime rules proposed by the Bush administration will still fail to protect overtime pay for 6 million workers, according to a new study. you can read the article urlLink here . honestly, and i really want to know, why would anyone vote for Bush?

 an excellent urlLink interview with Ralph Nader.

 site looks very cool.

 ...still has a urlLink blog , you geeks. log on and post, damn you! ideally, the link to this site and other will return when i get around to recreating the 'links' section of this blog.

 is it wrong to be insulted if your significant other calls you a pet name that they have called other people? not the generic honey or sweetie type of thing - i.e. i called my ex-boyfriend, "snickerbuns" and then i start calling my current boyfriend "snickerbuns" - and he finds out that this moniker has been used before - does he have a right to be offended and ask that i no longer call him that?

 on the heels of the recent star trek convention, i discovered this; urlLink Stovokor , a band of Klingons who urlLink play heavy metal . heee. googling about for other trek-themed rock bands will prove fruitful. there are a number of them. you have been warned.

 The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact than a drunken man is happier than a sober one. -George Bernard Shaw, writer, Nobel laureate (1856-1950)

 concerning HVTs, or 'high value targets' such as Osama Bin Laden and other Al Qaeda operatives: ...Pakistani security officials have been told they must produce HVTs (high-value targets) by the election. According to one source in Pakistan's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), "The Pakistani government is really desperate and wants to flush out bin Laden and his associates after the latest pressures from the U.S. administration to deliver before the [upcoming] U.S. elections." Introducing target dates for Al Qaeda captures is a new twist in U.S.-Pakistani counterterrorism relations - according to a recently departed intelligence official, "no timetable[s]" were discussed in 2002 or 2003 - but the November election is apparently bringing a new deadline pressure to the hunt. Another official, this one from the Pakistani Interior Ministry, which is responsible for internal security, explains, "The Musharraf government has a history of rescuing the Bush administration. They now want Musharraf to bail them out when they are facing hard times in the coming elections." (These sources insisted on remaining anonymous. Under Pakistan's Official Secrets Act, an official leaking information to the press can be imprisoned for up to ten years.) A third source, an official who works under ISI's director, Lieutenant General Ehsan ul-Haq, informed tnr that the Pakistanis "have been told at every level that apprehension or killing of HVTs before [the] election is [an] absolute must." What's more, this source claims that Bush administration officials have told their Pakistani counterparts they have a date in mind for announcing this achievement: "The last ten days of July deadline has been given repeatedly by visitors to Islamabad and during [ul-Haq's] meetings in Washington." Says McCormack: "I'm aware of no such comment." But according to this ISI official, a White House aide told ul-Haq last spring that "it would be best if the arrest or killing of [any] HVT were announced on twenty-six, twenty-seven, or twenty-eight July" - the first three days of the Democratic National Convention in Boston. read the rest of the article urlLink here . concerning reports of Iraqi children being held in U.S. detention centers: 'According to information from the International Red Cross, more than a 100 children are imprisoned in Iraq, including in the infamous prison Abu Ghraib. The German TV magazine "Report" revealed that there has been abuse of children and youth by the coalition forces. Mainz - "Between January and May of this year we've registered 107 children, during 19 visits in 6 different detention locations" the representative of the International Red Cross, Florian Westphal, told the TV station SWR's Magazine "Report Mainz". He noted that these were places of detention controlled by coalition troops. According to Westphal the number of children held captive could be even higher.' read the rest of the article urlLink here , and tom tomorrow's commentary and additional information urlLink here .

 that's it.

 "A Bush appointee to the newly created urlLink 'Election Assistance Commission' is concerned that there are no guidelines for canceling or rescheduling elections in the event of a terrorist attack." or? i'd like to think that was a misprint.

 Nick, I hope you're kidding when you ask if anyone was there...being that Joriel and Jason are in the bottom picture. Silly head.

 A friend forwarded me this. Was anyone there? Oh, and what's a 'freeper'? I'm assuming 'helocopter' is just a typo - or a vehicle that greets everyone?

 "who?" you may ask. the vets on here know of whom i speak; allen went to high school with me, and later we worked on the entertainment staff at KD. he's been a member of the Circle since the beginning, but hasn't posted in almost 2 years, and no one's seen him for the most part. anyway, i ran into him yesterday afternoon at the state capitol, where a urlLink protest had been organized against a ban on same-sex unions. allen is moving to williamsburg at the end of the summer, and planning on getting an MBA at william and mary. so now you know. and with this knowledge, you can take wing...

 urlLink Esquire Magazine : Excellent article by Ron Reagan, son of the late president, in this month's issue, available in its entirety on the Web

 urlLink NY Daily News : Turns out Michael Moore had some left-over footage from "Fahrenheit 9/11" ...

 Contact: Jonathan Beeton, 202-528-2686 Grand Opening Tonight: Kerry-Edwards State Headquarters in Richmond State staff to celebrate with local supporters, volunteers and local elected officials RICHMOND, VA The Kerry-Edwards campaign in Virginia will host the grand opening of their state headquarters tonight in Richmond. In attendance will be state Kerry-Edwards staff as well as Virginia Victory 04 political and field staff. This is a great opportunity to come and meet some of the field and political staff, local residents who are volunteering at the office, supporters, and local elected officials. Who: Kerry-Edwards staff & Victory 04 staff (includes, but not limited to: Coordinated Campaign Director, Political Director, Field Director, State Director, Base Vote Director, and yes, even yours truly to keep you all in line) Volunteers Local elected officials What: Kerry-Edwards/Virginia Victory 04 Office Grand Opening Where: 2112 W. Laburnum Ave. Suite 204 Richmond, VA 804-355-0404 When: 7pm, August, 11, 2004 -30- www.johnkerry.com Paid for by Kerry-Edwards 2004, Inc.

 urlLink Times-Dispatch : Stupid, stupid Henrico Board of Supervisors. Henrico definitely needs more office parks and concrete instead of bucolic green spaces.

 urlLink http://www.theonion.com/news/index.php?issue=4032

 Lots to talk about today -- Do you serve red wine or white wine with urlLink murdered relative served to unwitting wedding guests ? Can you say "spin"? The urlLink AP reports that one of the authors of the anti-Kerry book, "Unfit for Command," posted comments on a conservative Web site calling Muslims and Catholics pedophiles and describing Pope John Paul II as "senile." So how does urlLink The Drudge Report characterize it? With the headline "KERRY CAMP CONDEMNS AUTHOR AS 'HATEMONGER', 'BIGOT'" This morning while driving to work, I listen to WRVA and hear conservative talk-show host urlLink Glenn Beck talking about how Al Qaeda is plotting a "major assassination attempt" aimed at getting President Bush out of office, but the assassination attempt won't be against Bush (Hmmmm ...) and it will coincide with another taped statement from Bin Laden. Then the Drudge Report shows up with the exact same report. CNN, AP, etc., don't seem to be carrying this news yet but the conservative outlets are. It's almost as if someone wanted them to report this ...



 urlLink http://www.guardian.co.uk/medicine/story/0,11381,1278793,00.html



 urlLink Factcheck.org article : Really good dissection of the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth ad, plus PDFs of all the affadavits



 USA TODAY: urlLink Facts disputing the Anti-Kerry Swift Vets group "Louis Letson, a doctor who says he treated Kerry ... says Kerry didn't deserve his first Purple Heart because he "inadvertently wounded himself" and "there was no hostile fire." Medical records, however, note that Kerry was treated for shrapnel by J.C. Carreon, not Letson. Bill Zaladonis, who was on Kerry's boat at the time, says the men believed they were shooting at Viet Cong. FactCheck.org, a non-partisan group that monitors political ads, says Letson's story is "based on hearsay, and disputed hearsay at that." It concludes, "There is reason to doubt" the Swift Boat Veterans' ad because of its funding and because of the discrepancies in memory between Kerry's defenders and attackers."

 urlLink Captain Kirk gets his groove on, y'all

 I heard this on Friday, but the only source I found at first was Drudge. urlLink This is from the Swift Boat veterans directly.

 gorgeous yesterday!

 ...to convince me that he's a clueless dunce. His urlLink response when asked what he thought of the final report from the 9/11 commission: "It reads like a mystery, a novel. It's well written," Bush told The Associated Press in a brief interview just outside his home in Crawford. Asked what he was gleaning from the report, he said, "I'm gleaning that was a well-thought-out plot by the enemy." yeah, is suppose it did, george. i'm sure it was chock full of twist and turns and surprises for you concerning the events that led up to the september attacks of 2001. must have something to do with you being on vacation for over 40% of that time period, rather than GOING TO WORK AND DOING YOUR FUCKING JOB. and i don't want to hear any whiny, tit-for-tat crap about how Clinton should have done a better job in regards to terrorism. HE'S NOT PRESIDENT ANYMORE. bush IS. bush is responsible for what happened on his watch. if he'd focused on terrorism and al-quaeda at least as much as his predecessor (or at all, for that matter), and the september attacks had happened anyway, maybe i would've cut him some slack. but we'll never know, and i find his performance on this issue completely unsatisfactory. anyone who doesn't (no matter what else we may disagree on regarding bush) is maintaining a interpretation of the facts that apparently my tiny brain can simply not manage. or you're simply biased; whichever.

 ...he's the only candidate likely to help out folks like our own angie, re: urlLink medicinal marijuana . currently, the only way one can legally get pot for medical use (such as in cases of terminal illness and/or intractable pain) is to live in one of nine urlLink states : Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon or Washington.

 a serious urlLink security bungle on the part of the US; "outing" a mole within al quaeda. this person is a computer expert who was working with the Pakistani government, providing valuable intel for them concerning the members and movements of al quaeda. this is the "high visibility terrorist", an individual named Mohammad Naeem Noor Khan, whose capture in early july was not reported until the last day of the DNC; the information gained from him was part of the Bush admin's reasoning for last week's 'orange level' alert, but the timing was regrettable for several reasons... from the article: "Security experts contacted by Reuters said they were shocked by the revelations that the source whose information led to the alert was identified within days, and that U.S. officials had confirmed his name. "The whole thing smacks of either incompetence or worse," said Tim Ripley, a security expert who writes for Jane's Defense publications. "You have to ask: what are they doing compromising a deep mole within al Qaeda, when it's so difficult to get these guys in there in the first place? "It goes against all the rules of counter-espionage, counter-terrorism, running agents and so forth. It's not exactly cloak and dagger undercover work if it's on the front pages every time there's a development, is it?" you can read the rest of the article urlLink here . oh, and the prime minister of Iraq has urlLink shut down Al-Jazeera in Baghdad.

 an interesting urlLink article concerning the prohibition of vehicles weighing over 6000 pounds on certain streets of cities in California (for which every SUV qualifies). makes me wonder if cities in other states have such laws on the books; richard, any thoughts? this might be an interesting assignment. i feel like i've seen similar signs in Richmond, but i couldn't swear to it...

 Wow. The war on terror means my compatriots urlLink can no longer smile .

 for the republican con: urlLink http://www.villagevoice.com/issues/0431/travsd.php

 urlLink Anti-Kerry vet retracts criticism

 urlLink Hairy Pop-Tart-eatin' corporate shill

 Ay-yi-yi: urlLink Scrabble Scrapple Why can't this guy be president?: urlLink McCain defends Kerry's war record

 But is there a cure? From an honest-to-god, real, not-from-The-Onion urlLink Philadelphia Inquirer article about how the GOP are pursuing the all-important Amish vote: "We hate that abortion issue," said Sam Stolztfus, 60, an Amish farmer and gazebo maker in Lancaster County, where an estimated 27,000 Amish live. "We're totally against it. And as far as gay issues, that's completely contrary to the Bible." The bearded Stolztfus proudly says the Amish are "sort of swept up with Bush fever." Democrats have all but ceded the Amish vote to Republicans. "If I know Republicans and their grass-roots operations, they'll spend most of their time trying to phone bank the Amish," said Kerry spokesman Mark Nevins.

 this site urlLink http://www.chickenpoop.com/

 OK, so Bush's soldiers torture naked prisoners and now Kerry's got to go out and prove what a big warrior he is by urlLink shooting an unarmed teen in the back . When is this going to end? ... Wait. You mean these are just lies in a crappy book funded by the Bush attack machine? Who would have guessed!

 Any of you seen this yet? urlLink whitehousewest.com It's a hilarious short film starring Will Ferrell as Dubya, showing "outtakes" from his campaign ads filmed on the ranch in Crawford, Texas. Oh, and if you are one of the few remaining people in America who know how to use the Internet and don't get the JibJab reference, go here: urlLink JibJab Personally, funny though it is, it sounds too much like urlLink Jar Jar to me ...

 ...via the nagging reality of the urlLink electoral college .

 this topic has certainly gotten a lot of press over the last year or so; however, urlLink this is the most conclusive and comprehensive article i've read so far.

 yum! urlLink yum !

 it's not popular to stand up for the rights of prisoners, but urlLink here it is.

 My children need wine!

 'It has been months since the now-infamous urlLink photographs from Abu Ghraib revealed that American soldiers tortured Iraqi prisoners - yet the Bush administration has failed to get to the bottom of the abuses. "There are some serious unanswered questions," says Sen. Susan Collins, a Republican on the Armed Services Committee. The Pentagon is stalling on several investigations, and congressional inquiries have ground to a halt. The foot-dragging is astonishing, given that Congress has access to classified documents detailing the abuses outlined by Maj. Gen. Antonio Taguba in his report on Abu Ghraib. Rolling Stone obtained those files in June and offers this report on their contents. The new classified military documents offer a chilling picture of what happened at Abu Ghraib - including detailed reports that U.S. troops and translators sodomized and raped Iraqi prisoners. The secret files - 106 "annexes" that the Defense Department withheld from the Taguba report last spring - include nearly 6,000 pages of internal Army memos and e-mails, reports on prison riots and escapes, and sworn statements by soldiers, officers, private contractors and detainees. The files depict a prison in complete chaos. Prisoners were fed bug-infested food and forced to live in squalid conditions; detainees and U.S. soldiers alike were killed and wounded in nightly mortar attacks; and loyalists of Saddam Hussein served as guards in the facility, apparently smuggling weapons to prisoners inside.' read the rest of the article urlLink here . i'd warn you in advance about the graphic content, but it should hardly surprise anyone at this point.

 what the fuck is up with those goti brothers? they have exactly the same stupid haircut and exactly the same pose - and why do i care? but it just really, really bugs me.

 ...or a hoax? if it's the latter, somebody has entirely too much time and skill on their hands. urlLink ROTJ mod this seems like a good place to mention that the abbreviation for the next film is ROTS. not a good sign.

 "We declared war on terrorits not even a noun, so, good luck. After we defeat it, Im sure well take on that bastard ennui." Jon Stewart

 Mir has informed me that my earlier posting was crude. I was really going for disturbing, so my apologies for not going far enough. Nah -- sorry for lowering the discussion. Just trying to be a little funny with my first post. Now maybe I won't have to sleep on the sofa tonight, Richard

 This is my virgin post, so I thought I'd get things off to a rousing start. Thanks for the invite, Ben. Anybody seen the news about the new politically charged film coming out from Matt Stone and Trey Parker, the creators of "South Park"? Slated for theatrical release two weeks before the November election, "Team America" is a spoof on the war on terrorism starring ... puppets! Puppets, man! (Mir should love this.) It looks like it will skewer those on both sides of the aisle, from Bush and Cheney to Kerry and Michael Moore ... taking no prisoners! LOL urlLink teamamericamovie.com urlLink drudgereport story urlLink Ain't It Cool Story Rico ... suave!

 same feed from before, but this one was much easier to confirm; it's a far cry from her urlLink point of view just four years ago... urlLink Nancy Reagan to Bush: 'We Don't Support Your Re-Election' The widow of former President, and Republican icon, Ronald Reagan has told the GOP she wants nothing to do with their upcoming national convention or the re-election campaign of President George W. Bush. Nancy Reagan turned down numerous invitations to appear at the Republican National Convention and has warned the Bush campaign she will not tolerate any use of her or her late husbands words or images in the Presidents re-election effort. Mrs. Reagan does not support President Bushs re-election and neither to most members of the Presidents family, says a spokesman for the former First Lady... ...The Reagans split with Bush and the party centers around stem cell research which many believe can help find a cure for Alzheimers, the disease that crippled President Reagan in his final years. Bush and the ultra-conservative wing of the Republican Party oppose use of new stem cells. The Reagans, with the exception of Michael [Reagan], support such use. Theres more to the feud than that, however. Nancy Reagan has told close followers she believes Bush and the current Republican leadership have divided America with their extreme views. She has told Republican leaders she wants nothing to do with the party or Bush. During the week of Reagans funeral, the former First Lady went ballistic when she learned the Bush campaign was test marketing new ads that used Reagans photos and speeches in an effort to show he supported Bush and his re-election. She personally called Republican Party Chief Ed Gillespie to demand the ads be destroyed. read the rest of this article urlLink here ; the 'missing' bit from what i posted here concerns the adopted Reagan son Michael, who does indeed support Bush.

 i'm still running this story down, to find out if there's truth to it (yes, i recognize that the feed is quite biased). as it is, it sounds more like a mean-spirited 'Onion' article than anything else; but then, these are strange days. if anyone finds something solid one way or another, please comment immediately! urlLink Sullen, Depressed President Retreats Into Private, Paranoid World A sullen President George W. Bush is withdrawing more and more from aides and senior staff, retreating into a private, paranoid world where only the ardent loyalists are welcome. Cabinet officials, senior White House aides and leaders on Capitol Hill complain privately about the increasing lack of 'face time' with the President and campaign advisors are worried the depressed President may not be up to the rigors of a tough re-election campaign. 'Yes, there are concerns,' a top Republican political advisor admitted privately Wednesday. 'The George W. Bush we see today is not the same, gregarious, back-slapping President of old. He's moody, distrustful and withdrawn.' Bush's erratic behavior and sharp mood swings led White House physician Col. Richard J. Tubb to put the President on powerful anti-depressant drugs after he stormed off stage rather than answer reporters' questions about his relationship with indicted Enron executive Kenneth J. Lay, but White House insiders say the strong, prescription medications seem to increase Bush's sullen behavior towards those around him. 'This is a President known for his ability to charm people one-on-one,' says a staff member to House Speaker Dennis J. Hastert. 'Not any more.' read the rest of this frightening article urlLink here .

