 I love new blogger. Its so pretty. Well, I was going to post a really long post but now it has grown shorter.. Today, tennis was canceled at about 3:15 because it started to rain a lot..so I was all by myself just wandering around prarie.. So, in the halways I kept seeing this guy..he reminded me of Davis a lot..anywho. I kept seeing him..kinda like he was following me..so I was like hmm..Then I was sitting on this bench and he just sta next to me..I wasn't sure if I was supposed to say like "Hey" or something..so I just sat there..and so did he..for like 15 minutes. It was the weirdest thing ever..do people at prarie just sit in silence? Then his mom came and he left..I was like "Hmmm" I think his name was Justin.. He was fairly cute...I hope I see him tomorrow. Such weirdness this prarie place is..

 Ahh! I need to post a really long post about today..but alas, I cannot so I guess ya'll will just have to wait :)

 Hmm. I have been trying to make a freako head smoothie but our blender wont work. GRR. I think I have anger problems. I get mad so easily.. hmm.. Now our internet wont work. GR. If I could kill...

 I have the weirdest thoughts sometimes. Like I just read the bbc and it was about that president that got assisnated and thats what I thought it said...yeah :) Today was mums day! Yeah. We had to get a present for my aunt so we went to nordstrom and I kept seeing all these people I knew. It was kinda freakky... First I saw a girl from my rowing team..then this girl from CAM. Then Lauren. I was like "whoa hey..people go away!" Thats a cool saying. It kinda ryhmes. I got the coolest sunglasess at nordstrom. They are like totally rockstar shades. Plus, they were only 10 dollars! I am really tempted to wear them tomorrow with my "I heart pad thai" shirt :) After nordys we went to the buffett thing. It was at the Heathman Lodge. Purty place. I ate so much. And my cousin, David is obsessed with Paul Mccartney!! We are going to stalk him together. he was like "Its my life goal to meeet Paul McCartney" and I was like "Wow..me to!" Then there was this guy there and he was probably my age. And whenever I went to go refil my plate he was ALWAYS there. It was a little creepy. He like followed me in the food line... then when we were leaving he was leaving to! I was like "Hmm" When I got home I just used the computer for ages then I gardened for an hour. I love my garden. Its purty! I can't wait to put all the flowers and such in it. How exciting! Now I am just being bored...I am gonna study for my science test purty soon. :) Adios Amigos! Laura Fantora

 Hi! Last night we celebrated my brother, Jacob, birthday. I got to eat ccaakkkee! Right after that, since it was at like 11, I went to bed and I just got up. happy mothers day! Even though its doubtful that any of you are mothers.. We are going out to "brunch" which should be muy interesante. I betcha i'm gonna eat till I feel like i'm going to puke...thats what always happens at those darn buffetts. Ooh! I think I might bring my camera! That would be fun. Then I could post a bunch of pictures of my relative on my blog. Mwa haahaha. Like Miranda who was Little Miss Clark County. Hahahha. And Reis who is like water skking champion. Haha. Then my aunt who was like Miss Washington. Haha. I have an...interesting...family....

 Did you know that table tennis is a olympic sport? Haha. Now its time for the stupidest joke of all time.. Ok, here were two guys. Ones name was Ping and the others guys name was Pong. They invented a game that used to paddle like raquets and a ball. What did they call it? Tennis!!!!! Haha. Ooh! One time there were these two muffins... :)

 I just read Mandy's blog and she was all like "From 11 to 6:30, thats a good 6.5 hours of sleep" haha. um..its 7. Today I went and weeded this persons yard for improv then I watch extreme makeover home edition.. And now I am listening to YellowCard :) My dad gets home prettty soon! We get to eat YUMMY BASKIN ROBBINS CAKE! Oh, I probably didn't tell you guys that yesterday was Jacobs 21st birthday! He is an old foagie! Yesterday was also Bekah Heardt from cyt's birthday. Yay. Birthdays are so much F-U-N!! F is for friends that do things togetherrrr U is for you and meee N is for anything or anything time at all down UNDER the DEEO BLUE SEA! F is for fires that burn the town down U is for uranium BOMBS N is for.. Yeah. Lalallalalalla. I didn't go to church tonight...I am being a bad church girl..I don't go very much :/ I might go tomorrow though. Tomorrow is mothers day! Wahho! We are going out to eat with alll my relatives. Hmm. I hope Chrystal comes. I don't think Breanna is coming because she is is California. I think i'm gonna get up early and work in my garden. I love gardening i'm just SO busy! I bet my dad is doubting my gardening abilities. He is quite concerned about his perfect lawn. Acctually, our lawn is really nice. At our old house it was always dead. But here its gorgeous and lush. Its ALWAYS green! Its really nice to lay in. Yeah. I like our gazebo toooooo!

 Dude..I was reading the paper and it said Eric Meland had to asist and last nights game. Haha. I hope for erics sake it isn't a typo, but I am almost positive it is..



 I just watched a 2 hour beatles documentary. It was muy interesante. Stupid Yoko. But, my mum told me yesterday that he has a TON of old beatles records and a RECORD PLAYER at the beach house!!!!! So next time we go up to the beach house i'm going to take them home with me! Wahhooooooop! My dad gets home today! I don't think I told anyone but he and matt have been in colorado all week with Jacob. Jacob comes home to tooo! His birthday was yesterday! I got hima cool shirt at urban outfitters yesterday. I also got a shirt that says "I *heart* (not a *heart* but a heart picture thing, ya know?) Pad Thai" its pretty spiffy. Its bright pink! Haha. I was going to get another beatles shirt but I didn't have enough money to get 2 shirts for me and a present for Jacob. yeah...

 "Whoa. Tha guy only has four toes!" "If only I could spell my name.." "Was that just a giant green fuzzy bear?" "That guy sounds like he is constipated..."

 Emotional breakdown. Oh my goodness. It seems like no cares cares either. They are all caught up in their own lifes...their own "problems" Now I am starting to be stupid. But I should have won. I have been humble long enough. I know what its like to loose. Where are you God? Why have you denide me of the only thing I wanted most? I shed so many tears..I hit so many balls. Then the whole season is over. Just one game. But what makes me the MOST FREAKIN MAD Is that those other girls where the worst line callers on the stupid face of the stupid planet. WE COULD HAVE WON. UGH They were like "Oh it was out" BUT IT WASN"T UGH I saw it and I wa slike "I saw that ball, it was in" "Uh. no!" freak heads. Then there stupid cheering section. Which included carl click which was cool but still. YOU DON'T CHEER AND TENNIS MATCHES. They were so distracting. Ugh. I kept glaring at them an di was like can you be quite I bet they hate me. But at this point I don't really care. Our coach even talked to there coach and he was like "Ok, we will be quite" then 5 minutes later they were loud again!! Hmm...

 You would so be dead. Today is the worst day of my life. Wel, it isn't. But today was pretty bad. My last tennis game was today. I really wanted/needed a win. I put my heart, my soul, my everything into this game. Then my partner screws up and we loose. I have been crying ever since. I can't hold it in. Its not only this game... its the frusterations of this entire season. All the sweat. all the time. All my everything. I put it in to tennis. I don't deserve to loose. I have tried harder than anyone on my team. I have shed more tears. I have practiced. I have spent so many hours. I know I am better than this. I don't deserve to be the worst. Everyone on the team just thinks I am bad But I am not. sigh. I wish I were dead. I am going to go cry until there is not a single tear left in my eye.. until they turn as red as a skittle. Then I am just going to lay in my bed and never get up. Or maybe I will just die tomorrow. Then everything would be better...

 Hello! tis been a long time since I last post so I shall post now with an overveiw of the past few days.. Sunday: Woke up. watched some TV. Went to class on choosing the right college, SAT's, etc. Went to improv. dad toook me to mall but it was CLOSED. Gr. Went to grandparents instead. Watched EMHE. Very good! Monday: School- yuck. Tennis: Ok... Went to mall. Went to Cinco de Mayo festival. Tons of people who couldn't speak english. Muy interesante. Tuesday: Tennis game VRS Fort got canceled half way trhough due to rain. Went to Marc and Erics soccer game. They lost...by a lot. Went to church- VERY good cookies. I drew a pretty picture. Wednesday: Woke up. Cleaned for 3 hours. Made mucho dinero. Going to go to tennis...then target. Then spanish. I'm hungry and I g2g change outt amy pj's :)

 A good charolote song. Which is quite unlke me but its a good song. Its called "Hold On" I went to fred meyers tonight! It was ok. I got brie and crackers! yay. Is Three Doors Down an okay band? Just wondering. I'm shopping at Itunes :) Lalla. I can't think of much to say except for the fact that I am disapointed in some guys these days. Like this really atractive guy at fred meyers. I would have stalked him BUT he had a hooters shirt on. I mean really. Thats disgusting. People these days..sometimes i just want to puke! You guys have to never ever listen to 95.5, ok? At Itunes it has all the music charts for stations around us and like everysingle song they play on that station has explicet lyrics. I wonder if people ever get tired of hearing all that crap. It just seems to same kindda stuff to me "Baby, I love you" who cares? I mean really..if I cared about some famous persons love life I would read the magazine, not buy the cd. CD's are way to expensive anyways. And I can just read the whole magazine in the store and not even buy it. Some people say (like my mum) that I can never save any money and I alwaays spend it all. But that is totally not true. I do save money!!!! Just yesterday I have 68 whole dollars I saved. All those dollars were obviously gone by the end of today but still, I saved the money in the first place and because of that, I'm proud of ME! And for the record, I am not bad at tennis. Everyone thinks that just because I am on the bottom that I stink at tennis. but I don't!!!! Everyone on my team is just really good. An, I do kinda kinda KINDA like the song "Come Clean" because whenever it rained when I was little I would run outside in my little rain jacket and dance in the rain. I reminded me of that CUTE girl in that car comercail where she is all lik e"Somedya, I will be walking down the asile" I love that girl. I just want to adopt her. Ooh! This radio station in Phenoix has swichfoot at the #6 and #32 spots on its charts. What a dealio. I can't think of anything to say and I am just going of rambling about things. haha. Its better this way. I am so sleepy I really need to work on my garden. Ugh. I don't want to go to schooool on monday. I think I might get sick for part of it ;) I didn't get to go to a bookstore today so I don't have another copy of endurance. Ah! STUPID JONES SODA. Ugh. I am so increibly MAD. Grr. *weirdest thought of the day* "Frankie Muniz has an album out, what the heck!" Lalla. I must type until the day i die! Which will obviously be MONDAY. Hmm. They cheapest I can get a book off of amazon is 5 bucks. I don't wanna spend 5 bucks on this STUPID book. In San Jose switchfoot is #4 and #8! wahhoo. In San Diego switchfoot is #1!!!

 Oohh..those poor sharkies! They lost again today :( But my favorite horse won the Kentucky Derby! Wahoo! I went to Portland today! It was SO Much fun! I got to go to the big nordstrom. Yay. I got the coolest shirt ever. Its like Lacoste but the cheaper version. It has a cute tiger on it! Its greeenn and gorgeous! Then we went to Freddy's and I bought a bunch of stuff that I really needed. I got to eat at pizzacotta! Its so tasty! We got to eat outside under the hot sunshine! It was nice :) I wish my shoutbox would work. Grr! Laura

 Hahahhahaha! I smelled like rotten milk! it was funn-knnee! So, right before I got my photo taken for the ID I had the grandest idea so make the funniest face ever. So they called my name and I stood by that sheety thing and he was like "smile and look at the lens" and I was like "Right...mwahhahaha!" So I made the BEST face ever it was like a shocked kinda look. It's hard to explain. I like made me eyes go really big. But then the picture taking guy was like "I don't think you will like this picture.." and he deleted it and made me re take my photo! I was like "I want to be ugly! DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND?!?" So then for my new picture he made me smile so I look normal. *sigh* Looking normal is overrated.

 Haha. I told my mum about my ID problem and she like freaked out so now I am going ot the DMV to get one of those ID things. Haha. Fun. Matt and i still need to clean so I will have some spending money. Hm. Lalla. I can't think of much to say....

 Ok. So I am all packed, kinda. i keep packing then un packing. Hahah. I am a wreck. This morning I went to this preschool/kindergarten where kids in low income homes. Most of there fathers are like abusive or not there. All the kids were SO nice! They were like wya nicer then at a normal school. It was crazy. I mostly hung out with this girl named Jasmine and another girl named Tianna. they were so cool. But one time this girl tripped so I went to help her and she was like "My daddys in jail." so I was like "Oh..I am sorry.." then we said "My brothers hate me. They call me stupid, but i'm a GENIOUS! My mom calls me PRINCESS!" aww. She was cute. It made me sad that I couldn't do more to help them. They were glad that we were there. It was a group of about 10 people from church. When we came they were like "THE TEENAGERS ARE HERE!" then like in the middle they were like "WE LOVEEEEE THE TEENAGERS!" haha. it made me laugh. I leave in 14 hours for San Diego. Wooohoo! But get this. My passport is expired and my photo ID from school is MISSING. I am like frekaing out. I better go look for it some more! Bye! laura fantora

 I've lost my FUNNNNYY. I am not funny. Waa. Bekah was like "I am glad your braces aren't holding you back, Laura. and I was like "Right. Whatever you say...." Hmm... My brothers friends are over and we are going swimming and I was going to go but I just now decided I didn't want to. I need to sleep...I only have one full day left. :( I am FREAKING OUT. What if i'm not funny?! I can't even blog when I am there. I will suffer from lack of bloging. Sigh. It's going to be OK! *blows in...blows out*

 MAX LOVES ME!!!!! You know Max from Superchick??!?! [He rocks] He posted about me on his blog.. "and whoever wrote in and told me about handing out sandwiches to homeless people because of this blog... I love you!" I LOVE YOU TOOOOOOO!!! This made me super duper wuper happy! Max rocks my face off.

 I am so nervous. I think I am going to puke. Trust me, you totally do not want to be around me on Saturday...

 [an epic adventure] First I packed my "Oh Deer" shirt and a pair of baby blue shorts! I have no clue what i'm doing here...I look constipated. Haha. Then I packed my pur-tay 70s earings! :) [I doubt I will wear them...but they look cool!] After that I packed a pair of light wash jeans and two tank tops [purple and pink!] then I packed my MONKEY!! And a pair of dark wash jeans and 3 shirts [target shirt, someone in california loves me, and I think my I Love Pad Thai shirt] Ooh! And my studed belt! Haha. yay!! I finished packing with way to much stuff for only 4 days! :) Yay! I love posting photos of myself!

 But what can I say. Finding people on the internet is SO fun. Oh my goodness. Don't freak out but I found Johannas family tree and Katies moms high school reunion photos. Hah! Then I foudn this guy named Ben who is going to be in the Improvathon!!!!!! He seems really funny..which scares me. I wish I was more funny! But I have a secret weapon... well two acctualy...MWA HAHHAHA!! My first weapon is our uniforms. Oh my goodness. We look like freaks. It's the BEST thing ever. See, people will think we look funny then laugh at us then the judges will be like "wow, they are funy! First prize! First prize!" My second weapon is...see I am really shy just around people but when I get on the stage I am like BOOOOOOOM. and everyone is like "Wow!" You know it. Wow. I am so nervous for the improvathon, I am like shaking and it's not till SATURDAY. You all better say a prayer for me. Saturday, 3 o'clock. Wow. Part of me can't wait... but another part of me is so freaked out I am going to die. Hmm.... :) an odd mix, eh?

 wow. I am really tired. I had like the worst sleep ever last night. I couldn't get to slepe until like 3 then I woke up at like 8. Wow. today I have improv practice. Woot woot! I hope we can be funny...I am getting really really nervous. You know how last night I was searching for CYT peoples blogs? I found a girl who is the assistant coach for one of the Improv teams. She seemed really nice!! Hmm.. I guess that's all, ttyl! laura

 Hi! Um..i am eating potsticekrs and listening to Simon and Garfunkel! Woot woot! I was quite bored so I searched for "improvathon" on google and I found a ton of CYTers blogs. It was kinda creepy...they were really scary! One girl was like "I hate everyone who wears pink" I was like "Wow.." scary... My dad just got back from Indiana. The poor guy. He was supposed to be back at 1 PM but they had a huge thunderstorm so he didn't get to come home until 10 hours after he was supposed to! sad times! BUT I AM SO HAPPY. I can't wait for San Diego!

 Hi! Um..i am eating potsticekrs and listening to Simon and Garfunkel! Woot woot! I was quite bored so I searched for "improvathon" on google and I found a ton of CYTers blogs. It was kinda creepy...they were really scary! One girl was like "I hate everyone who wears pink" I was like "Wow.." scary... My dad just got back from Indiana. The poor guy. He was supposed to be back at 1 PM but they had a huge thunderstorm so he didn't get to come home until 10 hours after he was supposed to! sad times! BUT I AM SO HAPPY. I can't wait for San Diego!

 My life is rated G. What is your life rated?

 Now I just have to wait 3 days. Well, actually only 2 full days. I made a photo journal of me packing but it was slightly boring and I had a complaint that I posted to many photos [*cough*] So I chose not to post it. Unless you all really want to see it or something, which is quite unlikely. Packing was fun. It made me feel like this was all real, it is really happening. I am going on an airplane without my family and I don't have to pay a single cent. The plane is covered..Disneyland is covered..Food is provided...Our hotel is paid for. My parents didn't even have to pay everything. free vacations rock! All my nervousness is gone. Everyone on my team is all like "What if I mess up??" [while on stage at the improvathon] and I am like "Doubtful. We rock!" we really do, we are really funny. I wish I could figure out a site to host video because then I would post one of our scenes. They are pretty great. Everyone at CYT thinks I am shy but then when I get on the stage they are all like "Whoa." because I go crazy. Hmm. We get to meet all the other teams! I bet there will be a guy on one of the teams and we will fall in love but we wont be able to marry each other since I am fourteen and he lives in Chicago. Maybe we could be pen pals. [I'm not desperate, I swear, I'm not!]

 Hah! thats the greatest thing I have seen in a long time. How are you all doing?? Today was alright. I was really exhasuted from who knows what so I slept till 12! I made a new record for the longest I have slept in this summer. Then I took a nice long shower and blow dryed my hair. For some reason my hair has been really shiny lately, me likes. Then we went to goodwill and I got a costume for theatre camp. Haha. it is the ugliest thing I have ever seen in my life, its GREAT! I am gonna take a picture of it soon :) Then I went to Fred Meyer and got some food to eat on the plane. Woohoo! I got gardettos and circus animals! YAY! Dude. You knwo those plastic hair clips with the plastic bows that you used to wear when you were a little kid? THE STOPPED CARYIN THEM AT FREDDYS! I was SO mad. I wanted to wear them in my hair. Waaa. Sad times.

 AND June 28 which isthe day we transfer power to Iraqis via the interm government. Happpy day! Today I woke up at 11:45 because olive kept me up all night and I didn't want to put him outside. I had a really scary dream. I dreamed that my grandpas doctors told him the exact date he was going to die and it was really soon. but yeah. Today i am going to do absolutely nothing! I might pack for San Diego...we'll see :) I can't think of much to say so I am going to go take a shower. Adios!

 hahahha. I have do this improv thing today. We were gonna practice and be funny but we were like "No thanks.." so we watched this really perverted movie. Haha. it was like from the 60s. So what mainy happens is this one girls boy friends tries to make her jealous and starts making out with this fake blonde. So she gets mad and is like "i hate you" and falls in love with this old man. yeah. Hahhaha. So at this one point in the movie this guy picks up the main girl and she was like "Ahhh! Let me go!" and he like starts kissing her [i told you it was a sick movie!] and the old man with whom she falls in love with goes up to them both and he was like "Excuse me sir, but your molesting that girl." I have no clue why but it was REALLY funny at the time. Then we went to comedy sports. It was kidna akward though because it was just Me, Larry, and Heather...Larry and I volunteered for a game and they were like "What ar eyour names? and we were like "laura and larry" and they were like "Laura and larry.awwwww." and I was like "WHAT? yeah...akwardness. They gave us a gift certificate! wahoooo now I am NERVOUS. but guess what! Larry and Heather don't like scary rides either! And get this: Larry's favorite ride is the TEACUPS! YES! But now I am really nervous about the competition. What if we get out in the first round?? That would suck. Hmmm..... YEAH!! lallalala. I just had another soda. I am kidna addicted... But I guess that is all, I will probably post something inspiriing around midnight ;)

 I just got back from handing out sandwhiches- great fun! I am bringing you all next time. Then we went to nordstrom and I got Lip Venom! It ROCKS! It hurts so bad but it's great. I also got a really cool ankle bracelet. Then we went to powells and now we are home. I have an improv practice then I have go to comedy sports.. Hmm.. :) Adios amigos! laura fantora

 Did I tell you my dad is going to Indiana tomorrow for a DAY?? What a waste of money. My grandparents are getting this special "long time service" award from the First Church of God and my grandpa insisted my mum and dad go. But my mom didn't want to so somehow she got out of it. I WANNA got to indiana for a day!!!! My grandpa is paying for it all and everything. Did I tell you he wrote a book? It is like 400 pages long and he just got them back from the printer place. I should take a picture of it. I am expected to read it. Yuck!!!!! I hate reading books when I am forced. You know what it is called.."My Life Story" I mean if you are going to write 400 pages about your life it might as well be called like "My Journey Through Time" or something. :)

 That I love you? I think that is a song..Mandy would probably know! :) Like Heather is knower of all movies, mandy is knower of all music. I was just going to say that it is amazing how you all care so much [at least I tink to do *smile*] about me that you want to read alllll these words about what I do everyday, it means a lot..it really does. just because I am in this bible mode, I thought I would post a verse that I liked... Mathew 11:11 I tell you the truth: Among those born of women there has not risen anyone greater than John the Baptist; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he. Isn't that simply amazing???? See, John the Baptist is one of the most famous disiples in the Bible. yet, I who am practicaly nothing can still do more amazing things that John. He who is least can be greater than him! Even though you may seem like a small person who can't do anything special, you are greater than John!! You can do amazing things. I love jesus...that may seem like an odd thing to say but I truley do. He rocks my world! :)

 my mumsy says I can go to portland tomorrow to hand out sandwhiches. Wahooooo! We get to go to the store to buy everything tomorrow!! Then on Wednesday I am going to go read books to children with mental ilnesses! I am SO excited. I finally get to do something!

 I just got back from church... [story time] When I got there the music began..we were all singing together, as one. Then something caught my eye. There was a person in the row next to us. He looked pretty average. Short brown hair. Two earrings in his left year..he was wearing a white t-shirt, a baseball cap, and khaki shorts. But something was different about him. In stead of standing in "reverent" stillness he was dancing. Not just swaying the the beat, he was really dancing. He was jumping up and down, swaying his arms, and singing as loud as his vocal chords could muster. At first no one seemed to notice. But, one by one, people started staring. Some even glared. This should not be something unusual at church. Church should be a play to go crazy for God. Not a place to stand still, a place to dance for joy. Not a place to glare or stare, a place to welcome everyone into the family of God. This is what drives me crazy. People go to church and judge everyone. The church is not a place to judge, the church is a place to welcome. Not just the people you would feel comfortable around...EVERYONE!

 I have one invite left so if anyone wants it just leave a comment. Well today is saturday. It has been an okay day. I woke up at 10 then played the computer for like two hours. Then I went and took a REALLY long shower! Woohoo! Then I blow dryed my hair and painted my nails bright pink! Haha! My nails are getting really long! I used to bite my nails so this is a huge achievement for me. :) Grr! I can never think of anything to say anymore :( Adios amigos!

 Why, hello! Fancy meeting you here! How are you doing? I am very well, thanks. Oh nothing, I am going to church later tonight. Wow. That was interesting. I love making conversations with myself... Alrighty then. That was a really awkward start to a blog post.... Today it was supposed to rain..but it's really sunny! I don't get it!! wow. I am never starting a blog post like that again, I have run out of things to say..and that's unusual!

 It's kind of sad how I will never be able to play tennis again...well I guess I could go play at Prarie some day during the summer..but I don't really to anymore. Good thing I didn't buy a shiny new raquet like I was going to. But..one door closed, another opened. It is 12:19 AM. Late nights like this always push me into deep thought. I am trying to get my parents to adopt a child, wouldn't that be cool? My mumsy was like "You probably wont get as much new clothes anymore..." and I was like "So?" I would rather help someone then get stupid clothes that make me look pretty. I mean seriously. I do love clothes...but it's and addiction I am trying to stop. I do all these things to make my fit in or make me popular. Like buying 70 dollar jeans..20 dollar lip glosses. But nothing like that will ever make me happy. It's just a trap I keep fallling into. My sister always makes fun of me because I go into these huge speeches everyday abotu the evils of modern society. Like a couple days ago I did a speech of how some people buy clothes and they find there confidence in having expensive clothes. I was "like There are a couple people I know who only think they are cool because they have nice clothes. When you put them in wally world pants they would think they were ugly and become insecure. This is why the world is so horrible. People cannot find confidence in themselves, just what they have." Then I went into nordstrom and buy all these clothes and my sister was like "Uh...laura, I thought you said people should do stuff like that?" and I was like "uhh..." I am such a double crossing two face jerk. hah! I love mocking myself. See, what I think is that it's best to know your faults so you can change them. :) but I don't want to be normal...I don't want to go through life just being Laura. I want to be FANTORA THE GREAT! Well not even that. I just want to be Laura who tried to do good things, sometimes those things didn't turn out good but she helped out a long the way. I could even be the girl who tried so many times to do wonderful things but they never worked out. I would rather die trying then die sitting on a chair staring at the glare from the computer screen. Kind of like what I am doing at this very moment. Just peachy. Hmm...I will post more thoughts later but I am to exhausted...

 I got a new e-mail address so send me mail at: fantora@gmail.com instead of my old address :)

 I wanteed to see that movie SOO bad but it's rated R! Isn't that stupid? Ok..that's all. Just a random thought...

 Hahhahahaha. I am SO stinking hyper. Oh my gooodness. I think I drank one to many sodas. Today I ran errends with my mumsy. We went to to this brick place and got some brick then we went to nordstrom. Haha. We got to that store WAY to much. Oh my gooodness. Then we went to the PLASTIC SURGEONS! Hahahhahahhahaha. It was SO sick. They were showing videos of breast agmuntations and I wa slike oh my gosh...this is SO gross. The reason I was going to the plastic surgeons office to get my brothers stiches removed...see, when matt got stiches there was a huge line at the emergency room so they went to Dr. Workmans because he is our friend. One time we were at my grandmas christmas party and I was watching the news with them and connie chung or whatever was on and he was like "Wow, she just got an eye lift." hahha. It was funny. so he gave my brother stiches for free because my dad gave him an architectual consoltation (wow that was hard to spell!) So after we got his stiches out we went to the new Bostons Pizza and had dinner. My spanish tutor works there! She is SO cool! I wanna be exactly like her. :) She is moving to mexico soon to be a missionary, isn't that coool? In a bit the Brands are coming over to watch a movie so that should be interesting. In case you don't know who they are they are from our old church. They have a daughter named Hannah who is my age. They are cool :)

 A is for - Age: 14 B is for - Boyfriend/Girlfriend: No. C is for - Career in future: I want to get my degree in buisness then go into either fashion deisgn or interior design at FIT new york. D is for - Dads name: Douglas Ray E is for - Essential item to bring to a party: CREAM PUFFS! F is for - Favorite song at the moment: Veiw From Heaven- Yellowcard G is for - Guys you've kissed: Well..there was this one in the 7th grade..just kidding. Thats GROSS. Guys= gross H is for - Hometown: Da COUV! I is for - Instruments you (wish you could) play: "Guitar. Fiddle." Mandy and I have thesame dreams and aspirations... :) J is for - Job title: "Cleaning girl." me too. Hahhahaha. K is for - Kids: I hope i am always a kid! L is for - Living arrangement: I live with my mumsy and my papa. M is for - Mom's name: Patricia Carol N is for - Number of people you've slept with: That is so wrong.... O is for - Overnight hospital stays: I do not know..I guess when I was born. :) P is for - Phobia[s]: Dooors... Just kidding. I am really afraid of small places, the dark, beetles (not hte band of course!) and DISNEY LAND. I have ridophobia. Q is for - Quotes you like: In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity-- Albert Einstein R is for - Relationship that lasted the longest: What kind of questions are these??? S is for something mysterious:ME! :) T is for - Time you wake up: 9:37 U is for - Unique trait: umm...I can blow bubbles with the Warner patatoes! :) V is for - Vegetable you love: uhh.... W is for - Worst habit: i get mad really easily and I spit when I talk a lot. Hahaha. X is for - X-rays you've had: none! Y is for - Yummy food you make: sinkerdoodles, chicken Z is for - Zodiac sign: I have no clue! a p p e a r a n c e . HEIGHT: 5'8ish. HAIR COLOR: Light brown SKIN COLOR: umm...white with a tiny tan. EYE COLOR: blue-ish (some people say they change colors...but uh... :) ) PIERCINGS: My earsss TATTOOS: I got henna once... :) r i g h t n o w . WHAT COLOR PANTS ARE YOU WEARING?: Black WHAT SONG ARE YOU LISTENING TO?: Timothy- Jet WHAT TASTE IS IN YOUR MOUTH?: Pizza, we just got back from Bostons. WHAT'S THE WEATHER LIKE?: about 70 with a little wind. HOW ARE YOU?: Absolutely wonderful!! d o y o u . . . GET MOTION SICKNESS?: YES! One time we went scuba diving on this island in hawaii and on the boat I threw up 3 times!!! HAVE A BAD HABIT?: yeah.... GET ALONG WITH YOUR PARENTS: Uhh i suppose! f a v o r i t e s . TV SHOW:Ummmmm...I don't watch TV really. CONDITIONER: Dove! BOOK:Princess Diares (hahaha!) I like books for smart people. Like "The History of Nearly Everything" MAGAZINE: Lucky, In Style (I know those are bad...btu I don't get them very much... I am so addicted.) I LOVE ready made. NON-ALCOHOLIC DRINK: Beer with root. THING TO DO ON THE WEEKEND: Sleep and write BAND OR GROUP: Switchfoot! h a v e y o u . . . BROKEN THE LAW: I picked flower on moutn saint helens! hahaha RAN AWAY FROM HOME: Yeah..but it didn't last for long. A half an hour maybe. SNUCK OUT OF THE HOUSE: no! EVER GONE SKINNY DIPPING: Nooo! MADE A PRANK PHONE CALL: Yeah....but ti was to someone I knew so it was okay! EVER TIPPED OVER A PORTA POTTY: HAHAHHA! Some people at creation did that to this pooor girl. It was SO funny. USED YOU PARENTS' CREDIT CARD BEFORE: Yeah. Hahhaa At Fred Meyer to buy cheese. Hahhaa SKIPPED SCHOOL BEFORE: Yeah to go to a picnic with emily. Hahhaa. FELL ASLEEP IN THE SHOWER/BATH: noo BEEN IN A SCHOOL PLAY: No! School plays are retarded! Well..most of the time. love ... LET A FRIEND CRY ON YOUR SHOULDER: No... BOYFRIEND: No! CHILDREN: No! CURRENT CRUSH: Boys are evil! No offence! I love boys..well..no that came out wrong. There are a lot of nice boys out there i just don't like anyone. BEEN IN LOVE?: No! I am 14 for goodness sakes. HAD A HARD TIME GETTING OVER SOMEONE:Awwww...I don't even want to start TOO SHY?: Sometimes. BEEN HURT?: uhhh YOUR GREATEST REGRET: i have alot of things... GONE OUT WITH A SOMEONE YOU ONLY KNEW FOR THREE DAYS:Hahhahahahha. r a n d o m . DO YOU HAVE A JOB: I clean house[s] YOUR CD PLAYER HAS IN IT RIGHT NOW: I don't have a CD player. it's broken! Haha. Well acctually I am using my sisters to listen to a book on CD. IF YOU WERE A CRAYON, WHAT COLOR WOULD YOU BE?: Aqua marine!! WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY?:When I am all alone and I turn up the music so loud that it shakes the floor and I just dance. WHO MAKES YOU THE HAPPIEST?:Jesus!!! WHAT'S THE NEXT CD YOU'RE GONNA GET?: umm. whatever suits my fancy. WHO DO YOU CONSIDER GOOD FRIENDS? people who acctually know my cats name. (freaky, i know!) WHAT DO YOU LIKE TO DO?: Write and take photos. w h e n / w h a t w a s t h e l a s t . . . TIME YOU CRIED?: Oh gosh...like a year ago? YOU GOT A REAL LETTER?: Today! YOU GOT E-MAIL: uh..today.... THING YOU PURCHASED: Umm...I can't remmeber! I was gonna buy some make up at nordstrom today but they didn't have the right kind. TV PROGRAM YOU WATCHED: pepsi smash. MOVIE YOU SAW AT THE THEATER: Uh..Hidalgo? long time ago! y o u r t h o u g h t s o n . . . SPICE GIRLS: Oh wow. DREAMS: I LOVE DREAMS!

 I think I am going to puke. I don't wanna go to San Diego. Waaaaa. What if i'm not funny?! Blehhh. You know what. I have been thinking a lot recently about everything. [i got anew journal!] and I haven't done anything really good this summer. not one thing. I NEED TO DO SOMETHING. That is what summers are for!! Doing good things for others. I don't want to waste my three months sleeping in till 11 everyday. I would wake up, september 6 with only one day of summer leftand I would relaize how I wasted all the free days God gave me. That would really suck. It seems like I can never do anything good. I can never change anyones life..I can't do this..I can't do that.. Hmm. I wish I could just be somebody, somebody important. Maybe I want that for all the wrong reasons. Maybe I just want to make myself look good...i guess i just want everyone to look up to me and be like "Look! there is Laura, she is an amazing person, she changed the world" *sigh*

 I am sleeeppyy!!! I woke up at 11:30. It was really stupid. I hate waking up that late becasue then my whole morning is wasteed. I was going to get up at 8 and make my mom take me to the store so I could buy the stuff to make a hundred sandwhiches to hand out in Portland but I slept in. Grrrrr!! Lala. I guess that's all.. :) bye! Laura fantora

 [i have gone crazy...i love photoshop!]

 To dream. Dreams are the things that hold us all together...

 It is dedicated to Mandy! The coolest person ever!

 I was them on the TV tonight! Oh my goodness. I am offically going to learn how to play the fiddle. It is SOOO cool! but the problem is, if I play the fiddle in my band everyone will think I am copying yellow card and that would suck. I am marrying the fiddle player...or the blonde guitarist. I also saw the hives! They were good..but at times the lead singer acted a little gay so I was like "Hmm" they had the cutest suits ever!!! Yup.. I guess that's all :)

 You are all probably really sick of seeing my face..but here you gooo! weeeeeee!! After all the jumping my hair is sudennly very volumous (lol!) look how long it's getting! woot woot! The view from above :)

 I'm exhausted!! I was super bored so I decided to become a fitness teacher and teach my sister the basics of healthy living. It was fun!! We played tag but the catch was you had to stay on this path that lead in a circle so we were just chasing eachother around in circles! Haha. The I made her push an ice cube accross the carpet with her nose! Hahhaa. Then she had to pick up the cube with her toe and bounce accross the carpet. Haha. It was so much fun. Then we did streches...they kinda hurt!! I made her spin her arms around in circles like 50 times. Haha. It was so fun! I am in such å weird mood! Whoa look at that a! COOL!

 i was really bored today so I did my hair and I took a bunch of photos! Enjoy!! yours, laura fantora Hahhahaha. I am so weird.

 Imed me while I was doing my hair..waa sarainhabited (12:25:06 PM): hey i gotta go sarainhabited (12:25:10 PM): cu z i am in the studio sarainhabited (12:25:13 PM): but i wanted to say hi sarainhabited (12:25:15 PM): :-) sarainhabited (12:25:20 PM): havent talked to you in a while sarainhabited (12:25:27 PM): anyway, miss ya sarainhabited (12:25:35 PM): hope all is well cuz you arent answering! :-) sarainhabited (12:25:40 PM): bye bye “sarainhabited” is back at the computer as of 12:25:46 PM. “sarainhabited” signed off at 12:25:46 PM.

 I went to this thingy at hockinson where you register for classes. My mom made me sign up for AP World History and Spanish II and I was like... "Yo uknow what....your stupid." Becuase we had this allllll planned out. I was taking Health first semester and PE second so I could play tennis!!! but my mom was like "NO!" and I was like "Health is a required class...I have to take it!" and she was like "Education is our top priority." So now I can't play tennis. Thanks mom.

 como estas? Good morning! It's 8:27 AM and I am tired! I have to be at Hockinson at 9 to register for my classes. Woot woot! I hope I get good ones! I woke up at 7:30 and a took a shower...then I dlow dryed my hair and now I am just being bored until it is time to go. Today my brothers are coming home from California! Woot woot! Now Jacob can give my lectures again! YES! Whenever I say something that is not scientificaly correct he gives me this big talk about how it is wrong, it's great! I love college students. Ta ta! Laura Fantora

 Little kids are evil. I had to give Lanie a bath and she just cried the whole time becuase she hated to wash her hair. I was already getting a horrible headache so that made it even worse. At least Lincold didn't cry much! woot woot! Hmm I guess that's all. I have to go to bed because I have to be at hockinson at 9 tomorrow! [i have a huge bug bite right under my eye! haha. Vomatroshious]

 Hi is such a nice word! Hi hi hih hi! Well, my mum has a horrible headache so she andmy dad don't get to go out to eat your their anniversary..isn't that sad? hmm.. I have to go baby-sit in 40 minutes. It wont be bad though, only 3 hours. Woot! I had a hamburger tonight and I didn't even have to to eat with a fork!!!! Well, not to much to say! Adios amigos!

 Baby sit! Yuck. I just got done cleaning the hosue when my neighbor calls and was like "Can you baby sit tonight from 7-10?" and I was like "Ok!" because any oppurtunity to make money is well worth the pain. One of the kids is named "Lincoln" :) I can tell right now he is going to be like the most popular boy in high school. He has diry blonde hair and blue eyes. Even though he is only 1 years old, he is going to be a pretty boy. :) 16 years in the future, correct me if I am wrong. :) The second of the two children is named Lanie. She always makes me laugh. one time we played house and she named her husband "Spider Man" it was funny :) She is obessed with disney land. She is always like "Lets go to Disney land!!" and I am like "But....it's in california!" "Noooooooo!! we are gonna pretend!" :) Last time I baby sat them Lincoln would not stop crying. It was soo messed up. I did every single thing to try to get him to be quite but he wouldn't! Then at his bed time I put him in bed and he just fell right asleep..I was like, "grrrr... why didn't I do this sooner?" Kids...ay yi yi! I am never ever having children, to much work!! I would rather live by myself in a flat in London. :)

 When I try to be creative, I turn into a RIVER!!! :)

 Hey guys! Today I am really exhausted. I stayed up late listening to a book on tape. It was really good. It's about World War II. I love listening to books on tape! it's sooo wonderful because you don't have to turn the pagfes and you can just rest! I had a really horrible dream where I walked to my old house and it was super stormy and creepy..then I couldn't find my way home. Today I am going to clean the house..I need money for San Diego! It will be scary..I have never gone on a plane with out my mum and dad. La de da. Ooh! My parents are going out to eat..thats means! Pizza! wait no. GR! I asked my mom and we are having lasanga. Grr! I want pizza!! :) Maybe I will cook some potstickers.. Yum! Talk to you later! Laura Fantora

 Haha. I got a piece of trash mail and it wanted me to buy this magazine. I love reading covers...haha. Is you hubby chubby?! Hhahahahha. It just striked me as hysterical! Today was pretty fun!! My mum, my sister and I went shopping for paint to color the exterior of our house! It was SO fun! I stole like 200 of those paint chip thingys and my mum got me double sided tape so I can plaster my walls with them! Hahaha! Then I went home for a bit. AFter I like blow dryed my hair (it was fun!) we went to a CYT picnic. It was pretty fun! My friend Jauclin was there! woot woot! But then Jenny got in like a pixie stick fight with Lauclin and ended up pouring a whole pixie stick in my hair. It was sad... :) Do you think I should be in HYPE next year? Its like High School Youth Pursuiting Excelence. It's a CYT thing. Yoou have to go to meetings and stuff. yeah.. Lallalalallala

 JO!! :) his is a cutttee photo!!! Emily, have you gained weight?! :) The funny movie!! Emily and meee I. Hate. Braces. :) Sara and Jo in the tent! Emo and Heather trying to sleep..hah! Emily with a head lamp on..haha. that red light was made from Sara's camera. Isn't that coool?! :) PILLOW FIGHTT! LETS ROLL DOWN HILLS! [Johanna looks scared!] Hot stuff. :) Heather and I rolling down the hill! [i'm the one in the monkey blanket!!!] Thats all the pictures I took :) happy times.

 Oh my gooodness!! I had the best time EVER!! mwa hahah! Ok...so at 5:00 people came and we just kinda hung around..then we took a walk to the creek and then we laid in the hamock. Then at 6 we had a picnic dinner! It was sooo goood!! We had tereaki chicken, rice, potstickers, and water mellon! woot woot!! Then we started our first movie which was kinda stupid..it had Audrey Hepburn (i have nooo clue how to spell that!) and gregory peck. Then we went up to my muyms rooms and watched the funnest/weirdest movie EVER. It was called "Atack of the Killer Tomatoes" It was SOOOOOOO funny. Oh my goodness. We decied our new tradition was to watch that movie and every party. It was great! During all this we were eating cream puffs, jelly bellys, and "fat boy" ice cream sandwhiches. Hahhahaha. Affter the movies were over we went in the tent and laid and talked until about 11. Then we were like "Lets go look at the stars!!!" So we laid in the grass for about 45 minutes just staring at the stars and talking. All of the sudden Heather was like "LETS GO ROLL DOWN HILLS!!" so we were like "OKKK!!!" So we got into our sleeping bags and went to my back yard. We had the best and biggest hill for rolling down!!! It was like pitch dark so we couldn't see anythign and we kept running into eachother! It was SOOOOo awesome!! Thge hill just kept going and going and going!!! Then my laid back down on the grass and looked at the stars! I saw a shooting star!! It was SO pretty! We like found pictures and sutff in the stars! woot woot! Then we are really tired and to lazy to go back in the tent so we just slept on the ground. It was kinda uncomfortable... :) I woke up at about 5 and there were bugs all over me! It was SOO sick!! So I was like, I HATE BUGS! So I ran inside and slept on the couch, leaving my wonderful friends to fend for themselves. (I am a super hostess!!) Then after a bit they all woke up and we ate breakfast. At 10:00 Johanna had to leave, which was sad :( At 10:30 we went to my grandpas house thing and played tennis on their super nice tennis court! it was AWESOME! haha. Heather and I beat Emily and Sara twice! Mwa haha! One time I hit a ball really high and it landed in the pool! Haha. It was sooo funny! It made a big splash, I laughed. Then we decided to go swimming. But, Emily forgot her swim suit!! :( So Heather, Sara, and I swam while poor Emily had to stick her feet it. It was a nice pool!! At first it was kinda cold but then it got warmer after I was used to it. We played marco polo and I just sat on the top stair so no one would catch me. Mwa haha! After a bit we went in the hot tub which was SUPER nice! It was like the perfect temperature!!!! Then we got hungry so we ate and went home. That my friends is the story of my fabulous day! :)

 [Jacob would be pronounced "Hasob" hahahha. Thats fun-knee!] Can you see my brothers in this photo? Neither can I ..but I know they are there somewhere!

 Isn't it weird hwo both mand and I went there on the same day? Weird. I can't wait till the new costco is done being built. It's onl like 5 minutes away from my house!!! Costco was ok. I just gt stuff for when people come over tonight! woot woot!! i got a HUGE box of cream puffs!!!!!!!!! YUMM!! Some other thigns I got areeeee 1. A big bag of jelly bellys 2. tereaki chicken! 3. potstickers 4. Water mellon! 5. "Fat Boy" ice cream sandwhiches! haahaha Yum!! My mom was going to buy my a bunch of Thomas Kemper sodas but they were all out :( Today will be funn!! I invited some friends over and we are going to sleep in a tent and look at the stars alll night!! woot woot! Then tomorrow we are all going swimming! wahoooo!!! :) My sister has an appoinment today with a jaw specalist! :o Scary. She might have to get surgery because she is having a lot of jaw problems. :(

 Today is my parents 24th anniversary! Aint that great?! Today is also the summer solstice. Woot! And today my friends are coming over!!!!! Woooooooot!! My brothers are in the Mojave desert today and they watched that Space Ship one launch into space!!! How exciting! If you don't know what that is go here: urlLink http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/sci/tech/3811881.stm Lala. I can't sleeeppp anymore!!! My sister had a friend spend the night last night so I had to sleep on the couch. Quite uncomfortable. And then my brother calls at like 6 and was like "The plane launched into space!" waa stinking hoo. Let me sleep!! :) My sisters friend is Evans sister and she was like "My mom is making Evan volunteer this summer!" and I was like "haahhaha" Yup. Bye :)

 Marc and Eric didn't come! woohoo!! It was a good game!!! They lost the first one but I think they won the second one. I had to leave early though so who knows. There team was super fun-knee because almost the whole team was made up of Wakemans, it made melaugh! :) i guess thats all.. ta ta!

 I have blogged over 70,000 words!! Isn't that wonderful?! I am quite proud of me... Well the lunch was pretty good. I have this chicken burger thing. Itr was good but hard to eat! Then we went ot my uncles lake and it was SO HOT I almost fainted. I am the worst when it comes to sun. I always start passing out. Stupid sun! :) Now I am going to a church thing then Sara's soccer game. *w00t* *w00t*

 [even though none of you are fathers.....] :D Today we are going out to eat with my wholllleeee family. I hope my cousin Chrystal comes! She is SOO coooool!!! She always wears like 200 dollar jeans and 50 dollar t-shirts. It makes me laugh because even though she has so much she isn't stuck up at all. Its grand. Then we are going to my uncles lake to like inner tube and stuff. That should be ok..I get to wear my new swim-suit! woot woot. Its really low though... Well, i guess its not that bad....but yeah. I am soooooo afraid of those inner tubes. Oh my goodness. My uncle drives the boat sooooo fast I lways think I am going to die!!!! After the whole lake shing ding I might go to church for a leadership thing, if we have enough time...if not or after I am going to Sara's soccer game! Woot woot! I hope marc and eric don't come. IThat would be kind of akward..I think I would just hide from them.... I am off to take a lonnnng shower! Buh bye!!! Laura Fantora

 "PEPSI SMASH" VOTING Due to an error in the coding of votes processed by The WB's website(http://www.TheWB.com) during last night's broadcast of "Pepsi Smash," the winner of the "Smash Off" was incorrectly announced at the end of the broadcast on both coasts as Sugarcult, a Fearless/Artemis recording artist. The correct winner of the "Smash Off," voted by viewers of "Pepsi Smash" across the country with winners announced in both eastern and pacific time zones, was in fact, Columbia Records recording artist, Switchfoot, who performed "Dare You to Move" during the "Smash Off." Switchfoot also performed their hit single "Meant to Live" during the broadcast. The WB regrets the error and congratulates Switchfoot as the winner of this week's "Pepsi Smash Smash Off." Additionally, the error will be corrected during the Sunday June 20, 2004 "EasyView" broadcast of "Pepsi Smash" (5:00-5:30 ET/PT). *woot* I GET TO SEE SWITCHFOOT TOMORROW!!! woot woot

 I just got back from church/ portland. Fun stuff!!! I got a swim suit from banna republic, and it better last the rest of my life, thats all i am going to say. Its the only one in allll of portland that acctually covered enough and looked good. Sad. Then I got the coolest shorts EVER at Nordstrom... they aren't short!!! The go down to just above my knees. It rocks!! Lalalalla I am eating my chicken burger with fries in it will a knife and fork..its really sad :)

 I get to go shopping in Portland today!!! Woot wooot! I still need to get a present for my dad for fathers day. Hmm. I think I am gonna get him a shirt from Nordstrom because it's the Mens Half Yearly Sale! Wahoo. To bad none of the stuff I want will be on sale..well it still might. *wonders how long the Womens Half Yearly Sale lasts* Doodle doodle. I had a really bad sleep last night. :'( I can't sleep with braces!!!!!! Grrrr.

 I just watched this dateline thing on a Las Vegas murder. It was scary. I am never getting married, I mean really, I don't want my husband to kill me. ;) Just kidding, I can't wait till me wedding. it will be fun! I don't really want to get married but I want to have the wedding! My wedding is gonna be hugeeeee. It will be great! You are all invited! :) Tonight is quite boring. My brothers are loading the van so they can leave first thing tomorrow morning. We (mum, dad, Hannah, and I) will have to drive my grandpas jaguar. Sad ;) I am quite excited though. But tomorrow I have to go to church..With braces. Whenever I go anywhere in public I am SO insecure. I have never been this insecure in my life. Its disgusting. *sigh* But I get to go shopping in Portland for a swim suit...and maybe summer clothes..but I haven't found any goood summer clothes..so who knows :) I need a fathers day gift too..hmm. My funds are quickly depleting!

 Its almost time for dinner!! I am quite hungry. My dad is barbecuing! wahooo! He is cooking me a burger and a sausage!!!!!!! I am quite hungry. I laid half of the brick in my garden. Fun stuff. But it was so hot and I didn't drink enough water so I started to get really dizzy, my legs started shaking, and my vision started blacking out so I had to go back inside. I am like the worst during heat. Haha. I hate it!! La de do. I am starting to get used to my braces, which is nice. Every hour I resemble a beaver less and more like Laura.

 urlLink Take the urlLink What High School Stereotype Are You? quiz. :D

 *whew* I have bene working on my garden for the past hour. I am stupid that way..its 3:00 the hotest part of the day...on the hottest day of the year and I am outside working away! :) It was alright though. I got to drive the lawn mower! We have this thing where we hook up a trailer to our mower..it was coool. So I got my dad to put the trailer on the mower and I loaded about a hundred bricks into the trailer. Then I drove the mower to my garden and unloaded them. But there was one problem..the place where the bricks were stacked was like a bug hotel. It was disgusting. Bugs where flying everywhere. I even found a bee nest in one brick! yuck. I hate bugs! After I was done stacking the bricks I dug more of the pathway where I am going to lay the bricks. Now I am already to lay my pathway!! On sunday my mom is taking me to lawn and garden land to buy all my plants!!! *woot* I am quite excited. :)

 Woohooo!! I went outside and laid in our hammock for like and hour. It was awesome! I just started at the beautiful clouds! twas grand. I tired to read this book about the "amazing universe" but I got bored out of my socks so I just looked at the sky instead! :) Lala. I had a super good lunch today! I had that squishy mozerella wih basil on top of goooey french bread! YUM!!! Lala. Its hard to beat my last post..so I will just stop talking. :)

 This is my 500th post in this blog! HOW EXCITING! To commemorate I took a picture of me with braces. Hah! You can't even see the braces..I fooled you! Well, I didn't really fool you because I took that picture like 5 minutes ago..but you thought you would see braces. I told you they are hard to spot..from far away. From closer up I look like a beaver. At least I am a cute beaver!!! Just kidding...I told my mom I looked like a beaver and she was like "NO YOU DON'T!" She is always trying to make me feel better btu you can kinda tell she is lying right through her teeth. Acctually...now that I examine the photo you can see my braces... never mind... :) I took a lot of medicene so I am allll better! Well, kinda. I brushed my teeth and did this floride thing. Yup. I ate bread!! but I couldn't eat the crust because it was french bread so it was really hard. Emily got sick so she can't come over today. :( Isn't that sad?? I think I am going to get my mom to take me to portland. She said if I could survive braces she would take me there on Saturday..but i want ot go now :) Dude! Tomorrow my two brothers are going on a raod trip to California! Isn't that fun?! They are going to surf and stuff like real californians. How wonderful. I really wanted to go but my mom was like "NO!" They are going to sleep in the car and stuff because they can't afford to pay for a hotel. Haha. But I think they are staying one night with my cousin, Breanna, who lives in Pasadena. How FUN! And i am going to be stuck at my boring home doing boring things. Waa stinking hoo. :) I like saying that. Hahah. It makes me smile. When we all graduate we are going on a road trip to Tiajuna (i can't spell that. Haha) Sara, Heather, and I decided this at the ape caves. We are going to steal a bus (Haha!) and paint it pink (Heathers idea... haha) and renaim it the party bus. Haha. Sara is going to drive it down there because she said she could pull many all nighters while at the wheel. This will be fun. We can use our mad spanish skills. Hahaha. right... :) Talk to you all later!! Sincerely, Laura Fantora

 I didn't get like any sleep last night. My teeth hurt SO stinking bad. I had like the worst sleep in Laura history. Waa. this is quite depressing. Emily is coming over today..which is fun. But I have braces which maes everything not fun. *sigh*

 I just brushed and flossed. Ow. This is the only thing that has hurt so far about braces. OOOOW! Hahha. It hurts really really bad. They gave me this special tool to floss with and it hurts and it takes a really long time. Considering I hate flossing to being with, I doubt I will be able to floss a lot without dying. :) I hate braces. My ortho person said I didn't really need them but later in life my teeth would start to break. My mom was like "Ahh! You must have braces!" My teeth look fine I don't need these horrible things in my mouth. On the plus side, I was able to eat!!! With my spacers I couldn't eat at all for like 2 days, not fun.

 Me oh my was it every so wonderful! I wished it would have never ended, but it did. Sad. They had this thing where you voted for your favorite to play an encore and switchfoot lost. waa. I wwas quite sad. Sugarcult beat them. I had never heard of them until tonight. They were pretyy good too, but switchfoot was BETTER! Today I tried to make lemon squares but I beat the eggs to long and a thing merguine formed on the top. It was kinda nasty...but oh well :)

 Today was a pretty good day. Except I got braces..but its OK! Haha. I guess. I have deicded that I look like a BEAVER. Not a rabbit like I said earlier. Today I went to fred myer and bought this really good smelling shaving cream. Its like melon or something. I got Bed Head after party!! Wooohooooo!!!!!!! I have been wanting it for a long time, it smells super goood and it has cool packaging. :) The last thing I got was some dove shampoo. :) There were so many people my age at the store it was kinda creepy. Summer scares me sometimes. I mean really, why do teenagers have to wander around the town all day...why cna't they be computer addicts like me? I was going to finish my garden stuff today but it's WAYYY to hot! I mean really, I cannot work under these conditions! It's like 90. TO HOT!! I wish it was 80. The perfect temperature. Or 78 ;) You know what. I seem to have lost all my confidence. I used to be this really confident person but now I feel like a blob of uselessness. Isn't that sad? I think it is. I mean for improv you need confidence. If your not confident your scene is gonna suck. And I have my big competition soon. Waaa. But oh well. I will get over it. Its these stupid braces. They are cutting up my lip. :o

 Well, I look like freak. Hahhaha. It doesn't hurt yet though! Wooohooo! My mom said she would by me a pair of flip flops. Mwa haha! She took me to burgerville and got me a raspberry milk shake which was tasty!! I kinda want to explain the whole process..but I don't feel like it.. hmmm Well, today I am gonan work on my garden but thats all.

 Hey! I am just writing this to tell you that I made a new blog but I need your help! The address is: http://notsoaverage56.blogspot.com/ But to make htis blog work I need a bunch of people to make posts. You can be on the posting team by posting in the comments section. You have to be a registerd member of blogger, but I think just about all of you are already so that wont be a problem! :) Anyone can do it! All you have to do is post about random things. Like how cheese is tasty. You can also post poetry, stories, art, anything!! :) I am just seeing if this will work, I hope it does! :)

 Sad. Well here is my final photo without braces. As you see, I am quite happy. ;) But, I decided that I am never going to stop smilling, even if I do have braces. Tonight has been kind of boring. I cleaned the house from 4-6 then I ate dinner. We had greek salad. I don't really like salad! It was pretty good though because it had cucumbers in it and I love cucumbers!!! My mom also cooked yummy bread! Now I am just wandering around aimlessly waiting for tomorrow...lalala. It wont be all that bad. :) At first it will be bad but by sunday, it will all be better! Speaking of sunday...I am going to Sara's soccer game on sunday! Woohooo! Then on friday emily is coming over! Wooohoo! Later Gators. Your friend forever, Laura Fantora

 You know what. I wish I could carry the pain of the world. I hate when people are sad. I don't care if I would have to have the worst life EVER as long as others were happy. My sister has been crying all day because she says she is ugly. Isn't that sad? I wish I was ugly for her and she was the prettiest girl in school. What can I do?

 Hahhahahha. I am incredibly HAPPY. Mwa hahahahha!!!!!!!! I don't know why. Happy happy joy joy. Probably because I stayed up really late last night wriitng and reading my bible. Such joy I feel! :) I will never be sad again. Now that God is on my side. Mwa haha! I don't know...but with God I just feel powerful. Anywho. I went to my grandmas birthday which was interesting. My aunt cooked the food it was quite tasty. I love my aunt. She welds glass! You should check out her website: http://www.sharonagnor.com/ Have I told you how the Improvathon is in 17 days and I HAVE LOST MY FUNNY. Ah!!! I am totally not funny anymore. Like not funny at all. I think everyone on my team is suffering from lack of funniness. From sunday-tuesday we were together for 15 hours. WAY TO MUCH!!!!!! I am getting sick of them. Hahha. But I still love 'em. Its gonna be scary to be on a plane with them. Haha. And at Disneyland. The funny thing is, i'm not afraid of messing up at the competition I am just afraid of DISNEYLAND. I have like a ride-o-phobia. They freak me out. I can do the tea cups and small world, but thats it! :) Talk to you all later! Laura Fantora

 490!!!!!!!!!! *w00h00* [That's my post count BTW] I am almost at 500 which is quite exciting! On my profile it says I have 501 but thats a lie because it counted my other blog. Today we have to go to my grandmas house because it's her birthday. Yuck. We have to like do something on this quilt she almost finished before she got all sick and couldn't remember how to quilt. Hmm. I am tired and I feel sick. Not to mention tomorrow is the.... DAY OF DOOOM!!! *creepy sci-fi music plays in background*

 I am sorry I hurt you. but you hurt me too. I didn't know what to do. So I let my emotions get ahold of me. But this all wasn't my fault. I know it wasn't.

 Its in my pocket. I printed it all out. It burns through the cloth. I know I shouldn't dwell on what you said How you hated me. But I can't just stop thinking about it. It makes me want to cry. Why don't you like me? You said I thought I was perfect I don't think that I never have. Please listen. I may not trust you. But we were such good friends What happened? I shall never know. But I know I still love you. No matter what. I will never hate you.

 These are pretty self explanitory, enjoy!

 *sigh* I am really sad. I am going to miss everyone so much. I don't even know if I wont to go to Hockinson anymore... Today was reallly fun! But I just hung out with Sara and Emily and Heather and Katie just kind of ingored us. Emily, Sara, and I had SO much fun though!! Hhaha. Like swinging and stalking marc and eric. It was so funny!! The only empty spot during lunch was next to Marc and Eric so S+E+ME sat by them. Hahha. They looked kinda scared. Then they were playing football and Sara was like "I wanna play!!" So we played football with them. Hahha I'm gonna miss those two! Then like when they were going home meagan and liz were like "Eric can I have a hug????" and he was like "Uh...." I felt sorry for the pooor fellow! I want to write a really long post but I don't know what to say. *shuting up now*

 Sorry I got mad about Taylor. She used to be the coolest person ever. Since tomorrow is my LAST DAY OF SCHOOL...i decided to make a tribute. To my year at CAM. Top 4 Funny Things 1.The Lunch Wars 2.Emily and I being clutzes 3.Emily sneaking out of English and running past the windows 4. [This happened last year, but I had to include it!] Me running into 7 doors in one day. Top 3 Sad Things 1.Karsen leaving 2. Abby leaving 3. Taylor not being our friend anymore. Top 5 Memorable Things 1. Emily making me laugh 2. Katie and Heather whispering 3. The day we got the sacred sobe machine 4. Reading the anoucments in English 5. Emily's accents Top 2 Scary Things 1. Zane [enough said.] 2. Fights in the lunch room. Top 5 Things That Made Me Sad 1. Marianne crying in the bathroom 2. People making fun of Josh 3. People making fun of Zane. 4. In the beginning of the year when Marc put fruit snacks on Evans chair and Evan sat on it and had fruit snacks all over his pants Top 10 Memorable People and Why 1. Emily because she is always so happy and funny 2. Sara because she is always sleepy! 3. Heather because she makes me smile and she has a really pretty smile! 4. Katie becuase she is always so encouraging. 5. Evan because..just because he is Evan! 6. Zane because he scared me 7.Marc and Eric, they are twins. Enough said. 8. Taylor, how one goes from best friend to enemy, I will never know. 9.Johanna, because she is always there to talk to. 10. Karsen because she doesn't seem like a crazy person when you see her but once you get to know her..whoa there! Watch out! Top 4 Worst Classes (Hah!) 1. History. 2. Spanish. 3. Math. 4. English. (I love science!) Top 2 best teachers! 1. Miss Saul 2. Mr. Summers Thing that made me smile 1. Pizza day. 2. Sobe machine 3. Writing poetry to Marc (long story..) 4. How there weren't really any loners, everyone had people they could hang out with. 5. Not very much homework. 6. Easy classes. 7. Wierd field trips...*cough* 8. Being able to acctually have fun in math and not have homework. 9. When Kentucky lost and Eric didn't mock me. 10. My friends. *tear* That almost made me sad to be leaving school. Almost.

 My brother just came home. Wow. He has like 6 stiches and they are in the shape of an L!!! L for Laura! But its so sick They like shaved part of his hair. Pooor matt :( Why couldn't I get hurt?? I hate when others get hurt, I wish I could just undergoo all the pain myself so noone else would have to.

 Today is a reallly weird day. So we went to the ape caves and that a was not really fun. Emily and I just walked around together and we were walking really slow. Somehow Taylor, Eric, and Marc ended up following us the whole way back. Taylor was lke treating them like her slaves. I felt really bad for M+E I was like come han gout with us! But we obviously aren't good enough for them. :) So emily and I got tired of the hwole cave thing so we went and sat in the bus. Emily told Taylor that she ate meat (they were seeing who could last the longest and emily won, but she cheated!) and Taylor was like "I HATE YOU!" and we were like "Want to tell us something new, JERK" well we didn't say that. We just left and went to go find Heather and the rest of the gang. I HAVE HAD ENOUGH OF THEM. Always looking down on me like I am inferior. I must calm down. School is ending soon. Then everyone got back on the bus and we went to this other hiking place but Heather, Sara, Emily, and I stayed in the bus and played cards. I lost! Then everyone got back on the bus and it was all jolly. But taylor will NOT STOP flirting with my eric and marc. I am like Taylor, you know what. YOUR NOT THAT ATRACTIVE. Wow. That was really mean. Sorry, I am just a little mad. At one point during the bus ride I was looking at eric and eric turned around and smiled at me so I knew it was okay. He doesn't like taylor. Then when we arrived home by brother was like "Guess what" and we took off his beanie and I was like "OH MY GOSH. WE ARE TAKING YOU TO THE HOSPITAL" as it turns out he ran into a piece of rock sticking out of the cave and like got knocked out. He said blood was pooring everywhere. Thankfully, his boy scout friend had a first aid kit (those boy scouts!) which him and he wrapped gauze around his head. My brother didn't tell anyone! So he was walking around everywhere bleeding. Geez. The gauze was like soaked with blood. Then I had improv and I was too tired to be funny. My brother is getting stiches right now. :o Those HURT!

 I had improv practice, which was ok. But it lasted till 8 so I couldn't go to Sara's house :( waaaaaaaaaaaaa.. Then the parents came to watch and all my mom did was like critize and I was like mom, just go away. But yeah. Lallalala. Oh! We have a two hour layover in San Jose so I was like "Ooh!! Mandy can come and visit!" but then my mom was like she can't get past security. But we could still like..i dunno. I could go out of security then come back in or something. Haha.

 Haha. By the end of the month two of like my best school friends will have bofriends. Hahhaha! This makes me laugh so extremly hard. But its kinda odd....who will i have to hang out with?! Its SO much like the princess diaries. Oh my goodness. Who will I see the movies with? It can't be boris-- darn I forget all there names! Haha. I haven't read those books in awhile. Hmm I have to go to improv :( bye!

 It works again!! wwahooo!!!!! Happy days!!! i am so happy and I don't know why. Lallalalalalalalla. Today I have improv from 2-7. Ah! I hope I can be funny. I am suffering from lack of funnyness!! :)

 I glued my fingers together with rubber cement! Hahah! I am SOOOOOOOOO bored. UGHHH. I wish Instant Messenger would work, stupid brother. BUT GUESS WHAT. We are going to New York for Christmas!!! We get to see rockeflor square and the rockettes! Hahah. My grandpa is taking all of us and he wants us to see a show every night! Hahah. Maybe I can even bve on the EARLY SHOWW!!! :o My dream come true...

 UGHHH. I am SO STINKING MAD. My brother has this grand idea to "fix" our computer and now Instant Messenger is BROKEN!!!!! GR!

 So I was all depressed at church because I decided not to do summer servants because the only reason I wanted to do it was so people would like me more. But!!!!!!!! I had the best idea! Or at least I think its the best. I still have to ask my mum abooot it butttttttttt I want to make a ton of lunches every Wednesday morning and hand them out to homeless people in Portland!!! Wouldn't that be sue-wheat?!?!?!? It could be like the official Laura Summer Ministry! *w00t* I am SO happppy

 Oh my goodness. A person from my church has this rap band thing. Listen to "Da Music" its the funniest thing ever! Check it out! urlLink http://pepper.zinkconsulting.com

 This is a picture I drew of me! Haha

 Fresh breezes blow past my face I feel free I feel fresh Its time to begin a new day Full of adventure Full of grace Its a sunny day It seems as thought it will never end. It seems like I could be here forever Here, under a towering tree Never tire of your breeze. Never tire of your adventures Because its Summer. Everday to make the best of. Everyday filled with your love. I have never felt this way. I feel like I can fly. I feel as if your sun is calling to me. It slowly speaks to me Telling me to run. Telling me to jump. Because everyday Is fresh It is clean Under the sun...

 Tody is like the most peaceful day ever. Its great! I woke up at 11 then I took like an hour long shower. It was great!! I got to use my new conditioner. Its so cool! Its like Dove extra volume and its in a can and it comes out FOAMY! It rocks. I think someone is using my shaving cream. Haha. Its like almost gone and I just bought it! Then I blow dryed my hair and made it look pretty. Then I put on make-up which was fun. I don't know why but I love to put on make-up. Then I watched the olympic diving trials. Those are so cool! I wish I could dive like that. Its simply amazing. I love the olympics, so fun!! :) Now I am just being lazy and sitting. I love it! I haven't been able to realy relax for a really long time. I am always so busy with school and life. Even though it hasn't really started, I never want summer to end.

 Today was my last day of real school. It was ok. I got 100% on my spanish final! How happy. But, I am getting a 92.7! UGHHHH. If I was getting .3 more I would be getting a real A! Waaaaaa. *sad* If only I would have studied a little more for my last test. I am filled with these "if onlys" But, I didn't try hard enough so I guess its my fault. The grades I know for sure of right now are: PE: A Preforming Arts: A Spanish: A- English: A Thats all I am sure of right now, so I guess thats pretty good. But I could have done so much better than I did this semester. I just didn't try hard enough. *sighhh* We have a ton of people coming over in a half an hour so the whole house has to be absolutely perfect. Its kinda annoying. I can't do anything!!! We went to nordstrom today. I tried on a ton of stuff that was on sale but I ended up buy stuff that wasn't on sale. Haha. This always happens! I tried on a really cute skirt but my mom said it was to short. "no me gusta la moda de faldas cortos" (I don't like the fashion of short skirts!) I also got some really cute MAC lip stick! The lady at the counter was like "Oh! it looks so prettty!" And it does...I was just staring at myself in the mirror and I was like "why do I get pretty the last day of school?" It always works that way, but its all good. I got a really cute pink tank top with a little flower on it. :) I saw one of my orthodontist helper persons at the mall. It was scary! She probably knew I swallowed one of my spacers, they are scary like that.

 [One of my spacers just popped out btu I don't feel like putting it back in so I am just chewing on it! Hah.] I can't think of what to say so I am gonna complain for like 50 billion hours, enjoy. ;) Lauren stole my sweater. She got to the half yearly sale before me and bought the sweater I was gonna buy. Waa. It looks better on me. I think I might buy it anyways because its not like I am ever gonna see her again. Mwa hah! I forget my english paper. Grr!!! I was mad,but its ok. Today was my last science and english periods of the year! YAY! Tomorrow I have a history final. Yuck!!!!!!! And a Spanish final but I heard its just a crossword puzzle! Haha Lallala. I get to go to nordstroms tomorrow! Guess what. I owe 21 dollars for my year book! Grr!! and we wont even get them until the 28 of JULY. Sad... :( I can't think of anyother stupid things in my life right now. Oh wait i can! Hahhaa I am being replaced by nick... But this has been a relly good day! the science final was EASY! but then we had to watch this sick science moving. It was like all about how sharks mate in great detail. It was so disgusting, I thought I was gonna puke!

 Today was a pretty good day! My science final was SOOO easy! I wa slike *w00t* (I wooted) Hhaha. Sorry I just had to add that in. for spanish, rumor has it, that its a CROSSWORD PUZZLE! For a final! Hah! Today we had a 2 hour assbely honoring the seniors. It was SO boring!!! I was like lalallalalala. I guess thats all that happened. oh, Evan tripped me. Then I tripped over my back pack. And then I tripped on Emily! I was really sad... :)

 When the weathers fine. I'm gonna hitch a ride out of this old town... I think that's a Jack Johnson song, but I can't remember. Guess what. I was going to spend all summer at church like a good little girl, but I officially decided not too and I haven't told anyone except for you, blogger. See, this sounds awfully disrespectful, but I don't have enough time for church. I want to maybe spend time with my friends? Or maybe not. They probably wouldn't invite me anyways. I am glad Karsen invited me to her house. Even though I can't go, it meant alot to mean. I haven't been invited to spend the night at someones house for..goll, a year? Thats really sad. I can't remember the last time I spent the night at someones house. Oh...I think it was halloween at heathers. I wish I was in my old house cuz then I would have a huge part and invite everyone but my hosue is too small. *siiighhhh*

 I despise finals. I don't even know why they are having them. They have never had 'em before!! Then like a week before finals they are like "Guess what! Finals!" UGH. I studied for over 3 hours for science today and I think I am going to die. You know how I REALLY wanted to go to the half yearly sale today?? Two people in my family went on two seperate occasions today and no one even told me! I am so mad. So my mom promised to take me on Friday...which isn't a promise she will probably keep or anything but at least she tries. *rolls eyes* I am in such a crappy mood, sorry. I was like "I don't get this science at all." and my brother was like "really? I got perfect on that test and I didn't even have to study! Hah!" So he was just making fun of me because I am stupid so I was like crying and quite sad and I was like "I am not good at anything,Matt is always better than me" and my mom was like "no he isn't!" And I was like tell me one time I was better than him and my mom said "Uh...at least your nice." and I was like Thanks mom, that sure helps. Grr.. Then my mom was like "Do you even want me to help you study? You are in such a bad attitude." And i waslike "Well, I don't want to study." and she was like "Fine! Study by yourself." Okayyy....

 Today has been an okay day. I cleaned the house. It was ok. Lalalal. I can't think of much to say, I have been strugglign recently with lack of words. :/

 Well that was fun :) I babysitted this 4 year old and her 6 month old brother for about 4 hours. It wasn't bad, they are coool kids!! I made twenty dollars! Wahhooo!!! *happy* I better get to bed because I have spanish tutoring in the morning :( Laura

 There is a rat stuck in my BATHROOM!!! Eewww so I can't get anyhting out of there because its crawling around in there. ewww. Today school was pretty fun!!! At lunch Emily and I walked around in Junior High hall and said high to Mrs. Payne, she is sooo cool! She was like "Wanna teach history?" and we were like "YESSS" but then she changed her mind.Haha. After school I had to play for mr. albers and I did super bad but he gave me a A anyways. Hahha. Thats all I can think to sayyyy.

 Dear Sir or Madam will you read my book? It took me years to write will you take look? CUZ I WANNA BE A PAPERBACK WRITERRR!!! I like that song. I wanna be a paperback writer. Today has been a lalala day. Not overly exciting, but not really boring either. Tomorrow we get to watch monsters in en espanol!!! How exciitng. My mom bought 3 boxes of oatmeal cream pies for me because I told her i needed to bring a snack to spanish. Hahhahaha. I love my mum sometimes :)

 [in the morning i am]: always in a bad moood. [love is]: what everyone needs and wants. [i dream about]: my fears. -W I T H .T H E. O P P O S I T E. S E X- [what do you notice first?] their personality. -W H O- [do you have a crush on?]: I would rather not say... :) [easiest to talk to]: Mandy. -H A V E .Y O U .E V E R- [fallen for your best friend]: Well...no. -W H O .W A S .T H E .L A S T. P E R S O N- [you talked to on the phone] I can't even remember the last time I talked on the phone... :) I think I talked to Beka last. [hugged]: Keary from Church [you instant messaged]:Sara from Inhabited. [you laughed with]: Keary and Erin -D O .Y O U / / A R E .Y O U- [could you live without the computer?]:NO!!! The computer is the only reason I live!! Well..no :) [what's your favorite food?]: Outmeal cream pies, steamed rice, and LEMON GRASS SOUP (YUM) [whats ur favorite fruit?]: wa wa mellon. [what hurts the most? physical pain or emotional pain?]: Emotional. [trust others way too easily?]: no! I don't trust anyone except my journal :) well..Mandy too but that doesn't count :) -N U M B E R- [of times i have had my heart broken? ]: I never put my heart out on my sleve..so zero. [of hearts i have broken?] : I can't think of any..except Zane *rolls eyes* [of boys i have kissed?] :None!! [of girls i have kissed?] : Thats kinda weird... [of drugs taken illegally?] : My mom smuggled tylenol from Canada and I took it :o [of tight friends?] : Uh....1? :) [of cd's that i own?] : Like 7. Hahaha. [of scars on my body?] : A lot...but the one that everyone sees is the one from when I cute my finger in half..sad times! [of things in my past that i regret?] : On thursday at CYT I knew I should have talked ot this guy who no one liked but I chickened out..he looked so alone. One time I told this girl she was going to hell..I regret a lot of things... -O.T.H.E.R.T.H.I.N.G.S.- [i know]: I need to stop juding people. [i want]: to win a $50,000 shopping spree to nordstrom. [i have]: a large zit growing on my chin..hahha. [i wish]: everyone would be happy. [i hate]: being alone in the cold. [i miss]: the way I was when I was 5. [i fear]: being alone. [i hear]: Switchfoot, Dare You To Move [i search]: for someone to love and love me. [i love]: satisfaction. [i ache]: when I see someone cry. [i care]: about everyone. [i never]: want to be kidnapped. [i dance]: When I feel happy and at peace with the world. [i cry]: When it feels like there is no use in me living. [i do not always]: act friendly. [i write]: whenever I get the change. [i confuse]: the World! Mwahhahaha! [i can usually be found]: Writing or reading. [i need]: a new swimsuit..mine doesn't fit! But my mom wont let me buy ANY SWIM SUIT because she says they are too immodist. *rolls eyes* I saw this really cute one at the mall today that was Anne Cole and I was gonna buy it... but it was kinda expensive and my mom would never let me wear it. ARE YOU A....? [wuss]: All the time. When I was little I was never afraid of ANYTHING but now just life scaresme. [druggie]: No! [gang member]: Uh.... ;) [daydreamer]: I daydream about everything. [alcoholic]: no..... [freak]: Freaks rule! [brat]: Um..sometimes. [sarcastic]: not usually. [goody-goody]: Everyone at school thinks that I am to pure to hear things. Like they talk about all this junk and they are like "Laura! Plug your ears, I don't want you hearing this!!" [angel]: When I die I will be one. [devil]: Um, no. [friend]: Not as good as I would want to be. [shy]: Very shy. [talkative]: On IM :) [adventurous]: No...on occasion I am though. [intelligent]: I wish I was smarter. -Concerning.The.Friends.(You.Claim.To.Have)- [impacted you the most spiritually]: I really do not know. If youth pastors count then Scott, he like changed my life! [wish you saw more often]:Mandyhead [most sarcastic]: Mandy. Hahaha [wish you knew better]: Keary [knows you best] : Um..Mandy [best outlook on life]: umm....Beka :) [most paranoid]: My mom. Hahha "GET AN APRON!" [sweetest]: Keary, she always says I lok pretty :) haha -Self-Analysis.You.Probably.Don't.Want.To.Do- [your best feature (personality )]: I love to listen to people. [your biggest flaw (personality)]: I always judge people and I have anger problems. Haha [most annoying thing you do]: When I say really stupid thigns and I am like "Can we rewind?" but that aint possible.. :( [biggest mistake you've made this far]: I think my friends in the 7 grade were pretty bad..andd.. just kind of pretending to be a perfect christian from like ages 7-14 [describe your personality in one word]: Spunky? Haha. [the physical feature for which you are most often complimented]: My eyes. "They're fake." [height]: I like to say I am 5'8 because then I can say I could be amodel but I don't want to. [a smell that makes you smile]: Rain. [a city you'd like to visit]: Elizabeth NJ :) New York. [a drink you order most often]: Root Beer "It aint good beer if it doesn't have that root!" [a delicious dessert]: Key Lime Pie from the Bubble Room! [a book you highly recommend]: B-I-B-L-E thats the book for me!! I stand alone on the word of God the b-i-b-l-eeeeee [the music you prefer while alone]: Avril "ANGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY music." [your favorite band]: FIF, dashboard confessional, switchfoot, uhh..thats all I can think of! ooh! Inhabited! Barlow girl! [a film you could watch over and over]: I really don't like any movies that much :/ [a TV show you watch regularly]: Extreme Makeover: Home Edition [you live in a(n)]: house from 1893 thats falling apart. [your transportation]: Senor Mateo! [your cologne or perfume]: Lorac: Miracle Benefit: Baby So Fine (haha) Clinique: Happy [under your bed or in your closet you hide]: Shoeboxes filled with memories. [something important on your night table]: My alarm clock. [what annoys you most is]: People who think that are better than me. [right now you are listing to]: Dashboard Confessional

 I went to church today! Yay! I saw Beka!! YAY!! Dude. She is coming to my house. TONIGHT! to MY house!!! I should clean. On a side note.... Mark 6:17-29 For Herod himself had given orders to have John arrested, and he had him bound and put in prison. He did this because of Herodias, his brother Philip's wife, whom he had married. For John had been saying to Herod, "It is not lawful for you to have your brother's wife." So Herodias nursed a grudge against John and wanted to kill him. But she was not able to, because Herod feared John and protected him, knowing him to be a righteous and holy man. When Herod heard John, he was greatly puzzled ; yet he liked to listen to him. Finally the opportune time came. On his birthday Herod gave a banquet for his high officials and military commanders and the leading men of Galilee. When the daughter of Herodias came in and danced, she pleased Herod and his dinner guests. The king said to the girl, "Ask me for anything you want, and I'll give it to you." And he promised her with an oath, "Whatever you ask I will give you, up to half my kingdom." She went out and said to her mother, "What shall I ask for?" "The head of John the Baptist," she answered. At once the girl hurried in to the king with the request: "I want you to give me right now the head of John the Baptist on a platter." The king was greatly distressed, but because of his oaths and his dinner guests, he did not want to refuse her. So he immediately sent an executioner with orders to bring John's head. The man went, beheaded John in the prison, and brought back his head on a platter. He presented it to the girl, and she gave it to her mother. On hearing of this, John's disciples came and took his body and laid it in a tomb. A nice happy story, eh? [ I am going to anylize this is parts... what I say I will start with one of these cute "-" things. Got it? Good.] For Herod himself had given orders to have John arrested, and he had him bound and put in prison. He did this because of Herodias, his brother Philip's wife, whom he had married. For John had been saying to Herod, "It is not lawful for you to have your brother's wife." -See, as the story goes... Herod had this nice wife and everything was happy. Until he saw Hereodias. [She was also his neice!!] Since he was king and all he was like "Why can't shebe my wife?" so he took her away from her husband, divorced his wife, and married Herodias. John saw all this crap and, obviously, was like "This is not right!" So he vocalized his opinion, losing the favor of Herodias.- So Herodias nursed a grudge against John and wanted to kill him. But she was not able to, because Herod feared John and protected him, knowing him to be a righteous and holy man. When Herod heard John, he was greatly puzzled ; yet he liked to listen to him. -But Herod still liked him!! [another thing, grudges are dumb! Just forgive and forget.]- Finally the opportune time came. On his birthday Herod gave a banquet for his high officials and military commanders and the leading men of Galilee. When the daughter of Herodias came in and danced, she pleased Herod and his dinner guests. -When they say "dance" this isn't like the twist or something. This was a vulgar sensual dance. Obiously, the men were "pleased"- The king said to the girl, "Ask me for anything you want, and I'll give it to you." And he promised her with an oath, "Whatever you ask I will give you, up to half my kingdom." She went out and said to her mother, "What shall I ask for?" "The head of John the Baptist," she answered. At once the girl hurried in to the king with the request: "I want you to give me right now the head of John the Baptist on a platter." -So, the always loving mother, Herodias uses her daughters sensuality to get exactly what she wants. Nice mom.- The king was greatly distressed, but because of his oaths and his dinner guests, he did not want to refuse her. -The king was distressed!! See, he liked John the Baptist. But, because of his guests he crumbled in and agreed. This is an example of peer presure. Usually, you see peer pressure in less harmful ways but it can be this bad.- So he immediately sent an executioner with orders to bring John's head. The man went, beheaded John in the prison, and brought back his head on a platter. He presented it to the girl, and she gave it to her mother. On hearing of this, John's disciples came and took his body and laid it in a tomb. So there goes the greatest disiple man of all time.. [Matthew 11:11 I tell you the truth: Among those born of women there has not risen anyone greater than John the Baptist; yet he who is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.] all that because of peer pressure. let me tell you, as Christians we CANNOT be people pleasers. People aren't going to like us, thats just the truth. Deal with it! A want of social approval will just lead you to disgrace. Who would you rather be? John the Baptist, who wasn't liked by many and who got his head cut off BUT lived totally for God and changed a ton of peoples lifes.... or Herod who always tried to please people and ended up lived a miserable life and hurting a lot of people. It's your choice. Jesus wasn't liked my many...I wont be liked by many either.

 It's 3:33!!! Hahahaha! That's the greatest thing ever. So today I woke up at 8 and I went to my brother best friends house. haha. they are moving to Yakima [the middle of NOWHERE!!] so I helped 'em move. There were all these random guys there. It was weird. tehre was this one guy there and his name was Kyle and I could not figure out his age. It was so weird. Liek when I first looked at him I though he was like 15..but when he talked he looked like he was liked 18. Cuh-razy!! For most of the time my mom and I packed boxes. I got the BEST job of them all. I got to label the boxes!! I drew pretty pictures all over the boxes/ Like for a box of purses and aprons I put "Pretty Purses and Angry Aprons" and ont he box the drew a bunch of smiling purses. they were totally blonde they were like "Woohoo! Moving is fun!" then I drew angry aprons who said stuff like "GET ME OUT OF THIS BOX!" it was great. I hope they like it in Yakima! They are going to be working at this place called the "Flying H Ranch" it's where toubled teenage boys go. I think they will be able to serve a lot and enjoy it. Fun stuff!! Taylor from CYT called and my first HYPE meeting is on Wednesday!! Isn't that exciting? It's a barbeque and there is going to be a pool there. Which is kinda dumb because I hate to siwm but oh well, it will be fun! Bekah will be there WOOOHOO!! Haha. Exciting times. I think when I get home I will probably "preach it" but you all are probably sick of my pages and pages of "inspiration" Adios Amigos! laura Fantora

 So, I woke up this morning at 9 and my mom was like "let's go shopping!!" so I was like "okay..." I got in the shower and took a nice, warm, long shower. Then we were off. We went to this yummy bento place by PSU. I got teryaki chicken and STICKY RICE! The rice was SO gooood! I wuv rice. Then we went to 23rd and looked around. We went to urban outfitters and I got this awesome shirt for Beka!!! It says "Mini-Van, Mega Fun!" and it has a picture of a mini van on it. It rocks!! Then, for me, I got this great shirt that says "Have Fun. Be Fit. Aerobicize!!" it's great. It has this fun-knee picture of this workout lady. Haha. I finally found something to ask for fur my birthday!! My mom keeps bugging me about what to get me for my birthday. I told her to get me this awesome hat. It's kinda hard to explain. But it's cool. And, I will be able to wear it to school because hats are not against the dress code anymore!! Mwa haha! Then we just kinda wandered for awhile. Ohh wait! We went to three monkeys. I don't usually like anything at that store. it's all kinda cheaply made..but today I found an awesome messenger bag!! I got it for school! Its pretty. I should take a picture of it. Then we went downtown and wandered more. Then we went to whole foods and got some..well..foood! Yay! And that was the end of my shopping trip. Funnnn stuff. Now I am home and my sister is bound to be back from camp any minute. Sad. Oh well.

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Highway 1 , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Florida Birds , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Our Yard , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 Sorry about my "fit of rage" last night. I was feeling sick and tired. last night turned out to be good though. I got to read my bible and talk to Papa God. I really missed him on my trip to the beach. I forgot to bring my bible. :( I discovered how much I need God to be a good person. Like when I wasn't close to him I was this disgusting, awful person. I never want to be around me when I am far away from God. I think today we are going to help my moms friend move. I finally bought the Inhabited cd!!!! I also bought this awesome shirt!! It says "I hate meatloaf" Hahahahaha. I am so excited. I hope it comes in the mail soon! When I continue on my path of inspiration I shall tell you all about it. Yours until we meet again, Laura P.S. Have you noticed that since I started being "inspirational" all my friends have joined in? Haha!

 very mad. i am mad at everything. i don't know what to do... Why can't we just be one in this world? Why are there so many groups? So many categories? Psalm 4:4 In your anger do not sin; when you are on your beds, search your hearts and be silent. I think I am going to go lay on my bed and ponder my existence. Be ready for gargantuous posts tomorrow.

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink me on the floor , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 I should go to bed, but I don't wanna! I just want to sit here and ponder eternity. I read today in the paper they are realeasing a new edition of the book of mormon. Haha. How many is this? Number 4,001? At worldview they told us how over 4,000 "corections" have been made to the Book of Mormon. It makes me so sad that the people involved in Mormonism don't realize how false there religion is. I mean really. I would hate to be a Mormon girl. Your husband like rules your life. When he dies, and if he lived a good enough life, he choses wether to take you to his planet or not. Geez. It seems like all the other religions in this world, beside Christianity, live with the idea that YOU have to be good enough to get into heaven. You have to do this, you have to do that. But really, God is the only way we can ever hope to get into heaven. It isn't based on anything we ever did or will be able to do. God just loves us. What an amazing guy. I can only hope to be a fragment of what he is. I want to be good like Jesus, but alas, I am a rotten person and I will never be like Jesus. But the reason Jesus came wasn't to be like "Hah! I didn't sin! But your a sinner, YOUR GOING TO BURN IN HELL!" He came for ME! And youuuuu!! Well... yeah. Hahah I just go on these huge rants and I can't stop typing but then I just run out of things to say. Casting Crowns - Who Am I From the album Casting Crowns Who am I, that the Lord of all the earth Would care to know my name Would care to feel my hurt Who am I, that the Bright and Morning Star Would choose to light the way For my ever wandering heart Not because of who I am But because of what You've done Not because of what I've done But because of who You're Chorus: I am a flower quickly fading Here today and gone tomorrow A wave tossed in the ocean A vapor in the wind Still You hear me when I'm calling Lord, You catch me when I'm falling And You've told me who I am I am Yours, I am Yours Who Am I, that the eyes that see my sin Would look on me with love and watch me rise again Who Am I, that the voice that calmed the sea Would call out through the rain And calm the storm in me I am Yours Whom shall I fear Whom shall I fear 'Cause I am Yours I am Yours It just seems SO amazing that I am this microscopic dot in the universe and God choose to care about me. he knows my NAME! I thought it was amazing when Trish [the lead singer of Superchic[k] ] would call me by name at concerts. But, get this, the king of the universe knows my name!!! that's like George bush knowing everyone in this countries name. Acctually, it's way more amazing than that. It's like presdent bush knowing everyone in this country by name and being best friends with everyone. It's even more amazing that that!! God knows every who has EVER lived on this earth. And he doens't even just know our names, he knows everything about us. He knows everything we have ever done and he knows everything we will do! I just can't stop being amazed at that. Wow! Matthew 10:30 And even the very hairs of your head are all numbered. He even knows how many hairs I have on my head!!! Hahhaha. I would even know how many hairs i had if I counted for days!!!! Wow. GOD ROCKS!! Wowowoowowow! Sorry I am having a "God Moment" Romans 8:38-39 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons,[1] neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord. NOTHING can separate us from Gods love!!! So, if I moved 3,000 miles away from my best friend and I refused to call her, write her, e-mail her, and have any correspondance with her, wouldn't our friendship end?! I think so!! But God never will leave you. If you be a jerk he wont get all mad and be like "She hurt me, I don't want to talk to her ever again!" GOD LOVES YOU! Haha! No matter how stupid I can get God still loves me and he will always want to be my friend! Wow is all I can say! I am surprised you read all this. You just heard all of my meaningless patter. woohoo! Fun stuff... I better get off to bed! Later gators.

 That's a really pretty song. I would love to have a voice like hers. [it's evanescence btw] Hmmm..Today we had the bible study thing. My CYT friend Erin came so I just hung out with her and we talked about Tim for like 2 hours...it was odd. I was being really open! Cheers for me. I told her like my life story. Like about he-who-shall-not-be-named and every guy who has ever won my heart. [well..like all 2 of them] It was nice. I barley even know her but I could tell her everything. I am make steps in the right direction!! See, I trust no one. I think it's because I have been hurt in the past from telling my secrets. but now, nothing is a secret, I am an OPEN book. Read me. TABLE OF CONTENTS Chapter 1- The importance of me being born in a subaro Chapter 2- I run for president of the United States at age 6 Chapter 3- I begin turmiol by registering at CAM Chapter 4- I start highschool Chapter 5- My heart belongs to Tim Chapter 6- I become a rock star Chapter 7- My album becomes platinum Chapter 8- I marry Tim [i can't forget that chapter!] Chapter 9- I become the first female president of the United [Whoaaa.blonde moment. It took my like 30 seconds to spell that word...sad... :) ] States Epolouge- I die!! Wow. What a great book! Ok, I was totally kidding. My life will probably end at chapter 5. Well, my future will end, I will just become a homemaker longing for what I could have been. Oh well. I least I will be raising godly children! So, tomorrow I have to go to CAM to get my yearbook. I think I am going to die. That place gives me nightmares!! But, you all HAVE to come at 11 so we can hang! yippeee. Dude, After having like 3 inspiring posts in a row I kinda have to write something that acctually is meaningful. hm. I will think of something. *thinks hard* Hebrews 12:1 Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us. This is a powerful verse. Just imagine your at the olympics. You qualified for the race and you have trained for years. You put for feet on the starting blocks. "Bang!" the whistle goes off. You try to run like you have practiced a thousand times but you feel suddenly jolted back. You loook and you are tied to the blocks!! Can you win the race?? I don't think so. As Christians we need to untie all the knots from our past life that we are still tied in. We can't run when we are tied down! For me, these knots were trying to have clothes in style and having lots of money. Everyone strugles with different things so I can't really generalize. But we are tangled in sin! How can we run the race God inteded for us when we are held down by the sin of the World? 1 Corinthians 9:24-25 Do you not know that in a race all the runners run, but only one gets the prize? Run in such a way as to get the prize. Everyone who competes in the games goes into strict training. They do it to get a crown that will not last; but we do it to get a crown that will last forever. Don't you think its well worth it guys?! I mean I am not gonna deny that it brings satisfaction to have a pair of 100 dollars jeans but that satisfaction doens't last long! If we give up the joys of the world and chase after God's eternal joys we will have WAY more sasfaction than clothes or riches will ever bring you. And God's joy lasts FOREVER! Have an awesome week you all!! I am heading to cannon beach for a couple days so I might not be able to update. I might walk to the library or something. We will have to see how it goes!! I love you guys SO much. Your buddy, Laura

 Recently I have been trying to write all these inspiring posts and my inspiration is drained. But, I will leave you with a well known, yet quite wonderful, verse. Proverbs 31:30 Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised. I love that verse. We can all try to be beautiful and everything but eventually that beauty will go away. What's gonna be left? Our character! I would work more on tyring to be a good person rather than trying to be tthe next Giselle. [a supermodel...] Today I went to nordstrom. Like I said yesterday, shopping isn't fun anymore!! I managed to find one nice shirt that matched with my plaid pants so I am quite happy. Then I went to the shoe department but becuase my feet are so gargantuous they didn't have the shoes I wanted in my size! So they are shipping them in and I should have them on Monday. Haha. Then we went to costco to get some stuff for this big barbeque my mom is having for her bible study. It's kinda funny how my mom chose the week everyone was going to be gone except for I to have her party. Haha. I am going to have to baby sit a zillion kids but oh well. It will be fun!! Little kids can be nice.. :) I love to talk to them because they are so clueless about modern society. They don't care about politics, dating, or much except if they get there applesauce. I wish more people could be like that! But, alas, we all must face reality!!! I wuv you alllll! Laura Fantora [P.S. Is anyone else having problems with the spell check? Mine doesn't seem to be working...]

 Not really. I am just writing because it is my duty. to have all these thoughts at just keep them inside would be quite meaningless. instead, I choose to share them with you. Except, I have a problem. i can't think of a thing to say!! This is quite depressing. But, I will turn to the word of God. And guess what. It aint good news. James 2:2-4 Suppose a man comes into your meeting wearing a gold ring and fine clothes, and a poor man in shabby clothes also comes in. If you show special attention to the man wearing fine clothes and say, "Here's a good seat for you," but say to the poor man, "You stand there" or "Sit on the floor by my feet," have you not discriminated among yourselves and become judges with evil thoughts? This is a totally relevant problem in our churches and just about everywhere today. It seems like we pay special attention to the people who are good looking and/or rich. A school they are always the most popular. They always seems to have the most friends. if some we didn't know came to youth group and she wasn't attractive at all it seems like she would just get ignored. But, if a beautiful person came they would probably be flocked to by a couple people as soon as she entered the room. James 2:5- Listen, my dear brothers: Has not God chosen those who are poor in the eyes of the world to be rich in faith and to inherit the kingdom he promised those who love him? But you have insulted the poor. Is it not the rich who are exploiting you? Are they not the ones who are dragging you into court? Are they not the ones who are slandering the noble name of him to whom you belong? If you really keep the royal law found in Scripture, "Love your neighbor as yourself," you are doing right. But if you show favoritism, you sin and are convicted by the law as lawbreakers. We need to reach out to EVERYONE. It doesn't matter if it would "hurt our reputation" to be seen with them. It really doesn't. God died for EVERYONE. Everyone gets to heaven equally. We need to love everyone. We need to start a change in society. Reach out to the "unatractive" people. They need it way more than the rich and beautiful. They are also SO amazingly beautiful in there hearts, if only we would get to know them.

 I think worldview totally changed me. Haha. There big quote they kept repeating was "Reading makes you smarter." They would say it all the time! So today I thought I would just blog and use the computer but instead I found myself reading for hours and hours. And, if that wasn't enough, I cleaned the house because I knew my mom would be to tired to do it when she gets home. I am starting to wierd myself out, but it rocks. I can't watch TV anymore either. They told us to question everything we watched. They also told us how twisted the news was so I hate to watch that also. I am a wreck!!! :) Instead of reading the MSN Celebirty Gossip I am reading Shakespeare! I am quite excited. I wish I could go to Worldview everyday. I love it so much. It was like they open the fire hose of knowledge and I tried to drink it up as fast as I possibly could. It was hard at times to try to even get a little drink out of the rushing flood, but even to recieve little tablespoon was well worth the try. As it turns out I wont get to go to the mall afterall. But I am not sad. After Worldview I don't even like to shop!! Right after camp ended my mom took me on a shopping trip in downtown Seattle. Just 7 days before I would have emptied my pockets at the sight of any item realtivley cool. I tried on endless gorgeous clothes. But for some reason, I just felt like I needed nothing. I may not have many clothes but I have more than enough. [does that even make sense?] I used to be totally focused on my appearance. I used to even try to justify my "need" to look good with Bible verses. But it was all a lie. recently I was reading my Bible and I cam eupon this verse: Psalm 45:11 The king is enthralled by your beauty; honor him, for he is your Lord. Isn't that wonderful?! I may not be the most attractive girl. I may not have guys bowing at my feet. But, the KING OF THE WORLD is ENTHRALLED by MY beauty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I also found another verse.. 1 Timothy 2:9-10 I also want women to dress modestly, with decency and propriety, not with braided hair or gold or pearls or expensive clothes, but with good deeds, appropriate for women who profess to worship God. That is so right. It seems like I always get caught up with having expensive clothes that I ignore God. If I say I am a Christian, does that mean I have to look plain? Absolutely not. I am still struglling with this but it seems like God would want me to have confidence..and if I was wearing a patato sack it doesn't seem like I would have any confidence... Hmm. Something to ponder, eh?

 I just wanted to let you all know that superchick has a new album coming out on October 19! it's called Beauty From Pain. This album is going to be a lot more serious. I'm excited. :) [expect a 600th post celebration soon!]

 Noodle! Hmm. Today I am going to the mall to get new shoes. Which is kinda dumb..because it's the mall. How much worse can you get? But I am finally decided on my style for school this year... I am going to a be a guitar rocker chick! Hahahahhahaha!! Becasue playing the guitar is totally in style. [well...maybe not as much for acoustic..electric guitars rock!] I feel wierd going to the mall though. I mean everyone goes to the mall. Everyone looks the same. I don't want to look like all the mall goers! I want to look like LAURA!! It's so hard though. It seems like the only way I can be the only one who has my clothes is to either make me own clothes [which I have totally tried but it didn't work] or buy designer [which is totally not an option] I think I am going to take a class on how to make my own clothes. That would rock!

 Well, I guess that would be proper. A lot of boys are nice. Hmm.. I hate girls? No...girls can be nice to. I hate teenage dating? Exactly. So, I went to youth group churchy thing tonight. It wasn't to fun. See, my best church friend got this random boy friend while I was away. Now she is very much different and I am left to fend for myself once again. Church doesn't seem much fun anymore, and it's not only that. I loooooveee big church, but the highschool church is just blah. All the lessons are simple. I don't know if they think we are just young babies who can't swallow big people food or if it is just the truth of this generation. it seems like there isn't the same love for learning that was found less than a hundred years ago. Now we are all easily amused by the flicker of the televsion set rather than the calming turn of pages from a book. Now it's time for a break in our regularly scheduled rant for a note of happiness! Have any of you seen my pretty purse? It's purple and it looks like a casette player? Well, I brought it to big church today [with much pricless contents] and I left it on my seat!!!! I didn't realize till we went home. But, my wonderful sister found it!!!!!! I was IMMENSLY joyous! Props to Hans!

 Good morning ya'll! am really sick and tired, but oh well. My body is exhausted. I haven't gotten very much sleep for the last two weeks. But now I will get to rest for a couple days. Today I have to go to church but I might just sleep instead because, lke I said earlier, I am quite sick. Today I woke up at 12. Then I unpakced my suitcases. I hate unpacking! It takes so long. I love to pack because I am always excited to be going somewhere but when I get home i am always really tired and in a bad mood. :) Blehh. I feel like...I dunno..just sick. Tomorrow my dad and my brothers are going to go on a 50 mile hike around Mt. Rainier. It should take a week. Then, on Monday morning, my sister is going to camp! So it will just be me and my mom alllll week! We are going to go to Cannon Beach for a couple days and probably [hopefully] go to the Couv Mall and get new shoes. How exciting!! Then MANDY COMES! I am so excited!!!!!!! Mwa hahahahhaahahhahahaa! We are gonna go crazy. woohoo!

 That's me. Just kidding. But really, I learned a TON this week. I learned what a psuedo-christian cult is, why Atheist have to have way more faith than christians, how a New Age person believes they are God, what a leaver is, and MANY other things. I learned so much I just feel like...really smart. Hahaha. not that I will sound smart. But it's SO much easier to defend my fiath now that I know all the answers. Hm. Hahahah!! I shouldn't make posts late at night. I go cuhhh-razzzyy!

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Me Writing , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Us At Dinner , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Interpretive Dance , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Me Reading , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 I JUST REALIZED THIS IS MY 598TH POST! and do you know what that means? Party in the house. Now, because I am "in the mood" I shall make a super long post! Hah! so on Sunday I woke up at 6 and hopped in the car. We went to Ikea and spent like two hours there which was boring because we weren't shopping for me. [so, I am a self centered freak, sue me. (wow. Stop talking Laura)] Then I was like "can we go to Nordstorm?" and my mom was like "Okay" So I got these cool plaid pants. But I had a problem. I don't have anything that goes with them. Hahahha. I am so un-smart. So now I have a useless pair of pants in my closet. Acctually, I am planning on going to the couv mall later to get a matching shirt..but anyWHOO. I really need a new pair of shoes because my shoes aren't all pretty and white anymore so I tried on endless pairs of Pumas but since I have huge feet none of the ones i liked were in the proper color. At least the show fitting man was absolutely gorgeous. I felt kinda bad that I didn't buy something from him but oh well. Then we went to queen anne and had lunch with my cool cousin Chrystal. After that we went to CAMP. We registered and they gave me my key and I went to my dorm...My roommate was sitting on her bed. At first I was like "Oh crap, she is like 18.." but as it turns out she was only 8 days older than me. Haha. She was quite friendly. Then we went to dinner which was tasty. Then after some other random things we went to sleep. Amy [my roomie] and I just fell right asleep. We had to wake up at 7:00 for breakfast. It was good too. I had sausage, hash browns, water, french toast, and I think I had eggs. Then we had our first day of classes. They were scary. Everyone was like little theologians. I was like I am going to die. I am an okay christian and all but I didn't have a clue as to what the shroud of tehedron was. so Monday I was like "I WANNNA GOOO HOMMMEE" well, not that excesive..but you get the picture. Then I went to bed and I woke up. [are you sure about that?] Everything was just SOOOOO much better, I started ot understand everything it was GRAND. Then came Wednesday and we went to go practice what we learned. We went to the university of washington campus and we went and talked to all these people. It was awesome. But really sad. All the people I talked ot were so lost. I talked to this guy named Yoshi for like a half an hour and he was like "I bielve in rencarnation" it was sad. Then this other guy I talk to was like "I wanna go to hell because that's where all the drugs are" It was kind of scary. But it was awesome becuase I felt like I could acctually do somehting. God gave me SO much strength. [Not to mention I walked around with this awesome guy named jodie] Well. yeah. I learned a TON. We had like 40 hours of classes. It was crazy. But yeah. Fun stuff man.

 Hahaha [Inside joke.] Well, camp was really truley awesome. I would make hugley long posts about everything but I don't feel like it. [This seems to happen a lot, eh?] But I will show you a few pictures, enjoy! Your buddy Laura Fantora. P.S. THANKS MANDY FOR THE E-MAIL! YOUR MY OFFICAIL HERO OF DA YEARRRRRRRR!

 Hahha. It seems as though I just arrived. Now, I must leave thee. Sad. You guys should totally e-mail me!! It would make my day. Expect a huge post on friday. Hahah. I wuv you guys!

 Ahhhhhhhhhh. I love church. Church today was fun. I liked the worship. During worship we were all singing a song when I see a redhead walk in. And she just so happened to be my MOST FAVORITE REDHEAD OF THEM ALLLL!!!! BEKKAAAAAAAAAA!!!!! Woohooo!!! We got to talk afterwards which was awesome possum. She gave me some rockin' footlooose pictures! Then Brooke walked into too! I was like "whooaaa nelly!" so many footloose people! Then Laurel came. Hahha. It was just like one big fuzzy love bubble. Now I am home and getting excited for camp tomorrow!! woooohooo! We have to leave at 7 AM!!! Ah!! But we are going to IKEA. To bad I wont be getting anything for me...we are getting furni for my dads new office. It's SO gorgeous. I totally have to take a billion photos of it. After IKEA we get to go to downtown seattle and go out to lunch with my awesome cousin Chrystal! She is soooo coool.Then we might look around downtown and see the BRAND NEW urlLink LIBRARY! It's the best library in the WORLD. Hmm.. I am off to drink some rooot beer.

 Wow. I feel really stupid. My small group leader got married today and I slept in and missed it. [it was in the morning] GRRRR. Well, today I am going to church and taking a shower to get rid of my 80s hair. I think that's it. I am probably just going to relax because I leave tomorrow morning for camp. Lalala. I am so excited for camp yet I am scared at the same time. it seems like I am clsoe to God right now and hopefully this camp will just increase the closeness. It's like a...I don't know. it's hard to explain but bassicly at camp you just listen to speakers speak. Woohoo! It will be nice to sit instead of having to dance all day! I am kind of scared about the people who will be attending the camp though. I am the only one who is going that I know. [haha] I don't even know my roomate. it will be okay though. La de do.

 On Sunday morning I am going to Worldview Academy [ urlLink worldview.org ] and I really really want some of you to e-mail me!!! You don't have to if you don't want to but that would make me feel really special. Haha. The e-mail address is: studentmailwest@worldview.org And put "To Laura Warman" in the title of the message. I wont be able to write you guys back or anything btu it would make me happy if you wrote. haha. Also, another cool thing is that they post pictures all during the week so you should check that out sometime urlLink here and see if you see me! It will be under the newest Seattle Pacific University photos. Wooohoo.

 [if you didn't read my last post, go read it!] Well, I didn't mean to type that I was a jerk, which I am. But I was just going ot talk about Anna and how she likes Tim. Even though she didn't tell me it was totally obvious. She ate with him everyday and she was the only girl at the table. She never really talked to me. It was just like she was cuaght in her own little world. Anna and I are usually pretty good friends. I HATE HIGHSCHOOL. But while I was typing all that I realized how horrible everything was. I am just being stupid. I talk about everyone behind there bakcs and I am GOING TO STOP. But I need your help, whenever I do it alert me. And, you all don't talk about other people to me behing there backs becasue I will be SO tempted to listen and that is just as bad as if I was telling hte gossip myself. That is all. Waaa. I am way to emotional.

 Now that I have been home for a bit I am ready to tell you about my camp experience. Well, first, it was exhausting. It srarted Monday early morning and we got there and put our stuff in our rooms. Then we went straight to our first rehersal where we learned the song "Footloose" and these crazy dance moves. Then they did and audition thing where we had groups of 5 and we had to perform on the stage. Then we did they groups of 5 thing againa nd sang a song. Then we had lunch, which was pretty good. I am thinking I had pizza. Then they cast the roles. laura didn't get a part but she was happy because the people who had parts had to work way harder than the rest of us. Then...hours later. The scene: A funny old dorm room. Two girls, Karsen and Laura, try to sleep with no luck. They sleepily talk about life. Karsen says in an exhausted voice "What if you scared your grandpa and he died, would yoou get in trouble?" Laura responds cluelessly "What are you talking about Karsen?" then go into spasms of laughter. [More conversation continues] [door knocks] A leader like figure enters "Girls, lights out was 2 hours ago, get to sleep!" Girls respon in unison "Okay." Hahahha. That was weird. Laura's stupid qutoe for the day [monday] "Is this the improv room?" [Story time] So it was like our little free time kinda thing [which I was mistaken,read on]Bekah siad somethign about having a fun time just to play improv games and I love improv so I was like "Woohoo!" so I went and changed into my pink barbie like outfit and went to where Improv was supposed to be. I was really hyper so I push the door open and I was like "IS THIS WHERE IMPROV IS?" and they was a huge group of CYT people having a Bible Study. Hahahah. [it was funnier in real life] I felt really blonde because everyone was having "God moments" and here comes Laura, the freak, "IS THIS IMPROV?" everyone laughed. Hahaha. Hmm Then we woke up and it was Thursday. We rehersed like ALL Day. Then we ate some. And then we had a bible study. Most of the days were the same. But I figured out a lot fo stuff about myself. Like how I don't fit in anywhere. I figured out that the reason I never fit in is so I can be friendly to the new people or the people who don't have friends. I figured out a ton of other stuff which I tried to share at the "share time" this morning but it didn't make sense and I bet everyone thought I was a jerk. Haha. I said something like "I used to think that only a few people deserved my love" and everyone was like ":o" and I was like "alrighty...sitting down now." That always happens when I try to say somethign amazing, it comes out all wrong!! Hmm.. i am going ot go to friday. So we all got into our awesome 80s outfits. Me, Karsen, and Katie ehad had the BEST COSTUMES. Christina and her loyal followers didn't do like anything I was like "this is theatre, go crazy!" and Janelle [the dance instuctor] was like "The Barbies didn't do anything to there hair" I was like "I LOVE YOU JANELLE" I didn't realize that about her until the last day, which was sad. I always thought she liekd the pretty people more because she was always putting them in the front of the stage. [I know..I think weird thoughts] I mean really, I was always placed in the back. Shoudl I take the hint? but then, when Janelle said that I relaized that we kind of had the same mind. It made me smile. We had a rehersal then it was time for our performance. it went super welll!! I only messes up like 3 times!!! Go LAURA!! Christina messed up more than me so I was like "Hah!!" It made me super happy. Gosh, I am being mean to her again. STOP LAURA. But. What. I CAN'T TALK. I am trying to go into a subject that had been bothering me all week but I can't put it into words. It was just this moment that made me like start totally crying in front of everyone. Not like they could see it or anything. Over the years I have learned to hide my emotions. So, Tim Head [sheriff] was singing his "Heaven" solo and I was just like staring at him and I heard this voice in my head and it just kept going over and over saying "You're going to marry Tim Head" and I was like "Yeah right whoever you are. You obviously don't know that Tim is like the most gorgeous guy in the entire world. I mean davis times 10,000" and then it was like "What makes you think your not good enough for him. you deserve him." it freaked me out. I am just going to put it aside and just make myself think I was just of in my own little world trying to make myself feel better by saying that. It was just weird. I mean it's not liek I wouldn't absolutely love to marry Tim...it's just like I am not worthy of him. And I am totally not putting myself down. I cried a lot this week, but no one saw. Like I said, I hide my emotions. Like when everyone was sharing and stuff the tears just started pouring. A lot of people think I am very unemtional but I am like the most emotional girl EVER. But guess what. I observed a lot this week and I have offically decided I am a JERK. I'm out.

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink DSCF2424 , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink DSCF2425 , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink DSCF2426 , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Doing Hair , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Jackie , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink Warman Hall , originally uploaded by urlLink LauraFantora .

 Wow, for some reason I put Laura as the title for this thing. HAH!! Ijust got back from c-a-m-p and Mandy is gone. WAA. She wont be back till sunday and then I am leaving again. depressing times. Ok. So. I know I probably should make a gargantuous post about everything I did for the whole week but I'M NOT GONNA. So hah! bye! [this was the worst post I have ever made in my LIFEEE] Laura Fantora

 Well, Karsens in the shower so I thought i would make a quick post. She came over at about 5:30 and we just talked for awhile, then we used to computer, then we watched TV. Yup. Hahha. I don't have much else to say except.. I told Karsen the wrong way to work our shower. Hahhahaha. I feel SOO bad. I told her the wrong directions. I told her to push the handel to the left for hot and to the right for cold, but it's the oppisite!! :( I hope she is okay... I hope you all have fun while i'm gone!! I'm gonna misss youuu!

 Tomorrow, camp begins!! It's kinda sad to have to be away from my blog for so long. well, I guess it's only 5 days..but still..that's a long time! Then I get back and I only have one day then I go to my other camp! Crazyy. Today I got way to much sleep so hopefully I will be able to fall asleep tonight. Karsens coming over today!! Woohoo! She is going to spend the night then we are going to camp together. I wonder what dorm place we are staying in. There are two dorm halls on the Warner campus. One is like Smith hall or something. Then the other one is Warman Hall, named after my grandpa! That would be funny if we stayed there. Well...I can't think of much else to say.. uhh ...bye!

 At the beach awhile ago I was flipping channels and I landed on MTV. I know that's a horrible channel and I should watch any of it, but I couldn't help it. There was this enthralling video that popped up. "Jesus show me the way cuz the devils tryin to break me down" I raised an eye brow skeptically. How can a black rapper pose with a half naked women and proclaim he is a Christian? I kept listening. I could here the awkward spaces where the cuss words were taken out. How can this man be a Christian if he uses a cuss word in every paragraph "I wanna talk to God but I'm so afraid cuz we haven't talked in so long" Then I realized how he is just like me. We have both done horrible things in our life. We both need the same God. I don't know a thing about Kanye West, but he rapped about Jesus. Though it has some bad moments, it has a good message. I realize how much I judge. I think I am this perfect Christian who is better than everyone. But I am not. I am a Christian because I realize how much I fail and how much I need God. I am a Christian because I realize how weak I am, I need God to stand. I am a Christian because I am lonely, I need God to talk to. I am not a Christian because I am already perfect and I just want to be with people like me. I am a Christian because I don't belong in this world. urlLink Here are the lyrics. You can analyze them anyway you want. But really, it doesn't matter. He is just like each and everyone of us. He has a message and this is how he chose to say it. I only wish he would represent more of a Christian person. But I guess I shouldn't be asking for that. This song is a powerful tool to reach a world filled with people who are looking for something, and that something is Jesus. We shold pray for Kanye, since he is our brother.

 Then why am I sitting here eating them?! Thanks to my moms ever increasing health food fetish I will never get to eat normal crackers like a normal kid. But, then again, I am in no sense normal. I don't really want to be a normal kid or anything. What's the fun in that?? I mean normal kids don't run across train tracks a minute before a trains crosses just for a thrill. A normal kid would never tear off those "Do not remove under penalty of law" tags on blow dryers. But, come on, why would I use a blow dryer while taking a bath?! It defies all senses of human competence. Speaking of blow dryers....I had to go to wal-mart today to get one. This was my second time in 3 days going there!! Cuh-razyyy!! Wal-mart kinda scares me at times. Like today this street guy followed me... Then all the normal wal-mart shoppers glare at me where ever I go. I always smile at them but I guess they can't even look at a girl who wears real adidas shoes. AI wish I could just go into wal-mart and give each and every one of those people there a brand new pair of the nicest shoes money can buy, but, I cannot. So, instead I just smile. I know, who would want a smile instead of a new pair of shoes, but it's the least I can do. So I picked out the cheapest blow dryer that would actually blow dry my hair in a reasonable amount of time. It's like the Rembrandt 1385 or some group of fancy sounding numbers. It's not the best blow dryer but I am short on cash. Then I had to get this braces cleaning tool because I left my other one on the plane. I actually ended up buying three because they only come in packages of three. I also bought some shaving cream! Hahahha. Speaking of shaving...So, a couple days ago I went into the shower in a total daze. I started shaving and I was like wait a second..Something is wrong. And instead of shaving cream I was using shampoo! Haha! It was odd. After picking out all my necessary items I went into this line. It looked like the shortest but it turned out to be really long. I was right behind this guy who was getting mad at everything. The poor lady ran out of coins so she had to get more and this man was like "Could you move ANY slower???" I was like "Whoa, Nellie! Do you want change? Then your going to have to wait!" then she was having problems loading the change so she had to get this other lady to help her. The man just stood there with his arms crossed anxiously tapping his foot. Then it finally was his turn! He breathed a sigh of relief and placed his sleeping bag and sun block on the counter. Then, this poor lady, she couldn't get the sleeping bag to scan correctly. He said "It's $9.83, okay??" right after he said that it scanned. The price showed up as "$9.97" "Well, I deserve those 14 cents." "Are you a Washington resident?" the cashier said. We get that a lot. We are close to the border. Oregon residents don't have to pay sales tax, us Washingtonians do. "I'm a Washington resident and proud!!!" The man said quite loudly. It seems like a lot of Americans have this problem. We are proud to be from here but we don't put our pride good use. Maybe if this man was truly proud to live in this beautiful state he should try to make it a better place. It's not like he had to save the forest or anything. All he had to do to make a big change is just be patient with the cashier. If we are proud to be American we should get involved. I know you hear this a lot from everyone... But there isn't much to it! Maybe if you see trash on the side of the sidewalk throw it away. Smile at everyone. Give a quarter to a homeless person. Do whatever. But really, all we have to do is just love others.

 To thee, my blogger! Today I went to church which was okay, I guess. See, our pastor is in Indonesia on a mission trip so we have all the other pastor people preaching and they aren't as good as Pastor Matt. Today we had the junior high pastor speak. He spoke about tempations and suchw which on a normal day I would have liked a lot but I am in just a bad mood today. On these days I need the most of God but its hardest to listen. Today Jacob took Matt and I to Baja Fresh and I got the SUPER TASTY chicken tacos and they come wraped in foil. For some reason I remembered a couple years ago how I promised that if I ever got braces I would have to chew foil to see what it felt like ! Hahahhahaha! But I was way to scared so I just sucked on the foil. Hahahha!! It felt so weird!! it kinda hurt...

 My neck hurts so bad!! Oh well, I have had worse. One time..well..let me give some back ground. For some reason at my old house I could never sleep on my bed. After just laying there for a couple of hours trying to fall asleep I would just end up rolling off my bed onto the floor [the rolling part was kinda fun!!] and then I would fall right asleep. See, our house was awesome. We had heated floors !!! So when you would lay on the carpet it would be toasty and warm!! It rocked. In this house whenever I walk on the floors early in the morning I am like "Brrrr!!!" because I can totally tell a huge difference. So, most nights I would sleep on our carpet. One night for some odd reason I slept totally weird. I woke up and I could not move. Like, at all. The only body part I could move was like my fingers. It was a sunday so we had to go to church and my friends and I would always run around and be crazy but I couldn't becuase it hurt so bad. That really stunk. Today I took a super long shower. It was nice. But, the water was never the right temperature!!! I totally need to invent a shower that right when you turn it on it knows who you are and exactly what temperature you like so it heats up to that temperature. Wouldn't that rock? I think so. Then I blow dryed my hair. My hair is growing so much!!! i bet my the end of this school year it's going to be the same length it was before I cut it! Woohhoo!! Shot hair is nice and all, but I love long hair. Did I tell you what i'm going to do next summer? At the very beginning I am going to get it don't in a TON of little braids! Woohoo! Then I will never have to style it or anything! I am quite excited. but that's a long ways away. Oh well. I hope this school year is fun. I am starting to get scared, very scared. What if everyone hates me??? I don't see why they would or anything...but there are always those what if's. I hope I find a lot of friends. Because Katie and Heather will be like the best of friends...so then there is me. I will eat lunch with them and everything but they have like so much sutff that's well..inside I guess. Like the two of them know everything about eachother. I bet Katie G. and I will grow really close becuase we are both good friends with Katie and Heather but we don't know all the inside information. I wonder if we will have any classes together. because Katie G., Heather, and Katie are all in Algebra 2 and I am in Geomtry. Yuck. I think Katie and I might have history together though so that should be fun. History rocks. I wanna be a history teacher! That would be fun. I want to teach Junior High because I want to be able to help those kids while they are in weird times. it's funny how I am refering to Junior Highers as kids considering I was one yet a year and a half ago. It seems like such a long time ago!!! I didn't really like junior high. It was my first year of real school so it was kind of scary. I got messsed up friends. At first they all said they were Christians but they totally didn't act like Christians. It was sad. I wonder where they are now. We kinda parted ways and lost touch, I hope they are ok. [Did you see the secret message? Hahahhahahahha!!]

 So, last night I bought "Screaming Infedelties" off of Itunes and my Dad got all mad because he said it was a bad song. But there isn't anything bad in it..it just has a bad title. Oh well. I am so tired and sore. I didn't get much sleep last night and when I woke up I couldn't move my neck to the right. Haha. It hurts really bad. Tonight I might not have to go to youth group which is nice because everyone is at camp so no one would be there. I bet my mom will make me go anyways. It's good for me... *rolls eyes* Hmm. I can't think of much more to say so I will be leaving now!! Laura

 I don't feel like posting. I think I have been over urlLink blogging. See, I had this super long inspiring post but, alas, I deleted it my accident. Sad. So instead, I shall leave you with a poem I wrote.

 I know..I know. I would never ask a question like that because my mom would probably go crazy and be like "ARE YOU ANOREXIC?" she always asks me that. One time a couple years ago olive and I got into a fight [hahhaa. cat fight!!!!] and he scratched me and made me bleed a bit on my arm but it wasn't that big of a deal so I didn't report the occurence to the auhorities. [aka, my mum] Later that day my mom took a look at my arm and was like "ARE YOU CUTTING YOURSELF?!" uh...No. Calm down. But the reason that was the title of my post was becuase I tried on my 80s outfit and it makes me look...uh...like a teenage mother? See for yourself... do you think I look as...weird..as I think I look? Oh well...all for theatres sake!! So today I cleaned and it took so long, I thought I was going to die. But I didn't. I have to clean out all the windows and I opened our bathroom window and I was about to clean it but, to my disgust, I saw 5 dead hosue flys in it!!!!! It was SO sick. I am like really scared of bugs! Haha. so I paid my mom 2 dollars to throw them away. Hahaha. Then I got hungry and when I am hungry I COOOK! So I made 2 yummy key lime pies. I ate two pieces already! tasty. But now I am starting to feel sick. Whenever I eat citrus it upsets my stomach. One time I ate 3 glasses of pink lemonade and about an hour later I threw up pink all over our white carpet. Haha [TMI!! TMI!!] My mom says I have almost thrown up in as many places as her. Her most famous..uh..release of stomach contents was on a taxi cab in rome. Mine was at a civil war museum on all the pricless antiques. Wow, I am going to stop now. Hahhaha. Anywho. Well, I guess those coments kinda ended my whole posting mood...adios!! Laura

 So, I began this post hoping to write something noteworthy that you all could take to heart, but alas, my brain died. I'm serious, it just fizzled away into a meaningless blob!!!!! Sad times. But, I just wanted to tell you all to be happy, no matter what. Well, you don't need to be happy but I want you all to feel joy in your hearts no matter what situation. Since I am not the most eloquent person around I will leave you with a grand Psalm. Psalm 5 1 Give ear to my words, O LORD , consider my sighing. 2 Listen to my cry for help, my King and my God, for to you I pray. 3 In the morning, O LORD , you hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before you and wait in expectation. 4 You are not a God who takes pleasure in evil; with you the wicked cannot dwell. 5 The arrogant cannot stand in your presence; you hate all who do wrong. 6 You destroy those who tell lies; bloodthirsty and deceitful men the LORD abhors. 7 But I, by your great mercy, will come into your house; in reverence will I bow down toward your holy temple. 8 Lead me, O LORD , in your righteousness because of my enemies- make straight your way before me. 9 Not a word from their mouth can be trusted; their heart is filled with destruction. Their throat is an open grave; with their tongue they speak deceit. 10 Declare them guilty, O God! Let their intrigues be their downfall. Banish them for their many sins, for they have rebelled against you. 11 But let all who take refuge in you be glad; let them ever sing for joy. Spread your protection over them, that those who love your name may rejoice in you. 12 For surely, O LORD , you bless the righteous; you surround them with your favor as with a shield.

 Boys and girls! wow, I have no clue what i'm saying. Any who...I am in the middle of cleaning my house. Fun stuff... See, my brother didn't want to clean this week so I have to do the whole house. Double the cash, but double the work. It's a win loose situation. Usually I have to do 2 hours of work but now I am going to be cleaning all afternoon! Oh well. Now I will have enough money for my worldview camp in 2 weeks. Yay! I wonder if I have to buy anything at CYT camp..I doubt it but I will bring a little bit of money just in case. I am quite excited. I hope good people come. Some people at CYT don't like me very much so we will see how it goes. I wont get to blog for 5 days, but it will be quite worth it! We have a performance at the end of the week which should be quite interesting. it's "Footloose" woohoo! It's a play about this guy who moves to this town where you can't dance. Hahahha. Typical musical plot. Musicals are so weird. I wish life was like a musical where people would just start dancing and singing in unison, it would make life so much easier.

 Hi! I thought I was going to do absolutely nothing today, but I was quite wrong! [Being wrong never felt so good... :) ] So, my mom came home from the beach today and we are totally out of food so she decided to go to the store. I was like "woohoo! Something to do finally" As it turns out we were just going to freddys! Mwa haha! We went to Wal-Mart and I got a AWESOME cowboy hat. It makes me look like a total hick!!!!!!!!! Then I went to the boys section [why should only boys get the cool clothes???] and I got three blue t-shirts. Then we hopped in the car and went to target!!! There I got awesome hello kitty hair clips! They were in the little girls section! Woohoo! Then we went to Winco and we got a toooonnnnn of grocerys! I was in the cooking mood so I was like "Mom can I get some stuff for a key lime pie?" and she was like "Of course!" well..now that I think about it she probably said something like "O.K." but still.... So I got alll the stuffff. Then by the time we got home it was about 9:30. The reason I got my three, blue, boys t-shirts was for camp! See, I am on the blue team and I was looking in my closet and I realized I didn't have very many blue shirts. So I got those three shirts and ironed of fun stuff with these cool iron on letters. My three shirts say: "Woo blue," "I love blue and blue loves me," and "blew" Hahhahahaha. I had to do the last one that way because I ran out of Us and I wanted to say something about blue. My sister told me to spell it was way and it looked cool! But, on the "I love.." one I messed up. Haha. I took of the little iron on paper stuff for a couple letters but then I re-ironed another part and by accident I iron the letters so they smuged. My mom was like "AHHHHH!!! YOU PROBABLY BROKE THE IRON!" and I was like "I have everything under control! Haha [that didn't make much sense but it sounded good in my head...] I totally need to take a picture of my rockin shirts! But, I have gotten complaints about the long load time of my site so I doubt I will. At about 10:15 my brother, Jacob, was like "I am going to the astronomy shop!" and I was like "Ooooh! I wannnna goo!" and Jacob said "Ok!" So we both hopped into the truck and headed towards the astronomy shop. But this isn't any ordinary astromy shop. Every night it's like a star party and science geeks just hang around outside looking at starts for hours. It was awesome! I was the only girl so that was kinda weird. Haha. They were all like making jokes about smart stuff and everything. Haha. I wish I didn't have such a bad memory or I would post some of there conversations.. I saw SO many stars! I saw like 3 "globular clusters" they had funyn names! The ones I saw were like M-52, M-12, and M-47. They were named by like this guy in the 1700s who discovered them. He discovered 110 object in space that are like the 110 most easily seen things when your looking into the sky. I also saw another galaxy! It was tilted on its side so it was like a straight line but it was still cool. Then I saw this star that glowed red! It was cooooooool! Then I saw this nebula. Pur-tay! It was a lot of fun! I can't wait until I discover my plant! Fantora, here I come!! Today my brother, Matt, and I were talking about hockinson and You can get our own personalized parking spot and I was like "You should get one Matt!" and he was like "Okay! But were NOT naming it Fantora." I laughed. I guess that's it. I wuv you guys! Laura Fantora

 Mwa hahahahaha! Mr. Shoutbox has left the building!!!!! I feel so free. So now you all have to comment! Yes!! See, shoutboxes are temporary but comments last forever.... :) Dude, I have a piece of popped cord stuck in my braces and it wont come out!! I don't understand! why do I have you go through this torcher? :) Acctually, braces are totally not as bad as I thought they would be. I thought my teeth would always hurt but they don't! Plus, I don't look like a beaver anymore!! I have a really boring life. Well not most of the time, but today it i quite boring. I have no clue what I am going to fill my time with today! Hmm.... You know what. Whenever I say goodbye on a blog post it just feels akward. Like should I just leave without telling you i am going to leave? Do I have to "sign" my name? Gosh, so many decisions! Ummmm...

 I followed the crowd and took a quiz..Bad laura...BAD LAURA!!! You are going to marry Ashton Kutcher. He is kind and sweet, but pulls a lot of pranks (and probably quite a few on you too!!)and can always make you laugh. Congrats!! urlLink Which male celebrity are you going to marry? (14 choices now!!) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla He is hot. [asthma catcher! Hahahha] Like on that 70s show. Wow. Every post I make is making me sound worse and worse and worse and worse... Back to the real Laura. I have absolutely nothing to do until Sunday. Which makes me happy...but kind of sad. I want to do something awesomely cool. Like discover a new planet or something. I hope my brother wants to look at stars tonight. He is going to buy a new telescope!! It cost 500 dollars so that will help me in my search for extra terrestials and/or my new planet! I am totally gonna name it Fantora. Woohoo! But the thing is, I am deathly afraid of stars so I can only look at them for about 15 minutes then I run inside all scared. Hahahha. As I am approaching 80,000 words I want to say thank you. I know i say this a lot, but I totally mean it! I couldn't ask for a better grope of people to be reading my innermost thoughts. Well, actually, they aren't my most innermost thoughts but they are close. I wish I could tell you my inner thoughts but I would probably loose a lot of friends...my thoughts are just...weird...Hahaha. Now that I have scared enough of you with that snippet on my thoughts I will be leaving...

 Since I am an up and coming deisgner and all I decided to cut up T-shirts. If you have never done it, go do it now! It's one of the simple joys in life. And if you mess up, lets just hope it wasn't your favorite t. So, first I cut up my Footloose shirt so now I look like 80s trash! Woohooo! but I cut it a little to short so when I move my arms you can see SKIN. AH! Not CYT apropriate. Because you know my stomach fat is quite seductive. Well, it doesn't show that much..but..yeah. So then I moved on to my "Bonjour Paris" shirt I got from the great UO. It may have been 22 dollars at the time of purchase, but that was a while ago. It needed a makeover!! Haha. So I cut off the sleeves like totally and made them do up the neck at an angle. It looks hot. And it is quite modest tooo! That picture doesn't really show off the real beauty of that shirt, but it's super cool! Here is a photo... Oh my goodness. In all my excitment to get home I forget to tell you the most exciting thing that happened at the BEACH. I found my dads box of old records!!!!!! he had RUBBER SOUL!!! And that cool Pink Floyd album. My dad has the BEST records. I am going to buy a record player for my room and just play them. He had like 200 records of every band you could imagine. I also found some of my moms records. They were all like Barbara Streisand and I was like "MOM YOU LISTENED TO THIS??? Hahhahahahhahahahahhaha" It was great. Here are some photos.. here are the some of the best records..you can't really see what ones they are, but trust me, they rock! My dad showing off his pink floyd "dark side of the moon" 8 track. Hahahhaha Beatles record on a record player, pure joy. Ooh, and sorry for you people who don't like me to post so many pictures, I can't stop me! :) Oh, i'm thinking of deleting my shout box and just having the comments, but if I do you guys better post comments!!!!!! Does this sound ok?

 So today I had to make dinner because everyone except my dad and I are at the beach still. I offically decided I am a rice failure. I can't cook rice!! Everytime I try i messes up!! Today, by accident, I put a cup extra water in the rice so it was like rice soup. It was so disgusting. Who in there right mind would eat this crap?? It seems odd that everyone in all poor contries can cook rice but I can't. Totally unfair. Hmm.. My blog has been lacking creativity lately. Doesn't that sadden you? It saddens me. Sincce I am trying to "build and educated vocaulary" I will post some smart, yet awesome, words. Emulate- To strive to equal or excel, usually through intimiadtion. [Is it just me or does that word sound a whole lot like mutalte? Scary.] Stymie- To thwart [TRY ME! No STYMIE! Wow. That didn't even make sense...ignore me.] Apocryphal- Fictitious, spurious [does anyone even get the definition????] Okay, so those are the three words of the day, use 'em and use 'em often! I'm out like a man after his first frat party. [i'm a good little christian girl, I swear! I know nothing about frat parties!] Laura

 It's JULY which obviously means it's time to buy back to scool clothes. *rolls eyes* I got the Delias back to school catalog today and I must say, this fall is going to be one of the best clothes buying season. I mean last spring was horrible!! Who would wear Uggs with a mini skirt? I mean really. The fashion industry was doomed with that mistake. geez. I should be the one who makes the decisions of what goes on the racks. Iknow what people will acctually wear. Hot sweaty boots made friend lamg hair? I think not. Save the Lambs!! Today I went to Katies house. So fun!!! We went for a walk and as a joke we [Abby, Heather, Johanna, and I] lost katie and nick. We thought they were still following us but when we got back to Katies hosue they weren't there and it took them like 20 minutes to come back. fun times. I better goooo, talk to you all later! Laura Fantora

 Wahhoo!!! I might post more later but yeahh. Lalal. But the sad thing is most of the photos are of my team mates.I had battery problems on the days where we hung out with the improv people so I couldn't take photos of all them :( Sad times. Here is Bekah in the car on the way to disney land! She looks quite happy for being one who woke up at 3 AM. :) Our first steps in the "Happiest Place on Earth" Getting scared before Indiana Jones! (that ride ROCKED!!!) I conquered my first roller coaster! I rock!!! :) The characters on their float! The notorious teapots! Trying to get the sword out of the stone. [I think stephen gave up!!] Before the "Honey I Shrunk the Kids" movie Heather and I infront of cinderellas castle!! Me getting ready for BINGO night [and my first meeting of andrew even though I was unaware of it at the time] What we saw while on stage at the Improvathon [though all the seats were filled!] Our team!!!! Andrew... *sigh* This is the only picture I have of him and it's not very good but you get the idea :) Central. Ah! They were quite intimidating. But the guy on the left was..well..beautiful. He wasn't hot but everything abot him was perfect. It was weird. That's alllll!!!! I wuv you guuys!

 I am at the library. And guess what. It's pouring rain out. Haha. I still have to make the 20 minute walk home and I am in shorts and a t-shirt. If you haven't noticed I am in quite the horrible mood. :) My mom woke me up early and I am still quite exhausted from having 4 hours of sleep every night in California. La la la la. I can't think of much to say exceppttt I AM GOING HOME TONIGHT!! Yes. Cannon beach is nice and all but I am obsessed with home. Home home home. I love my home. Someone was on the interenet [there is only one computer here] and I had to wander around town for about an hour and it was really rainy so I was quite cold so I went into the gelato shop and bought some tea and a cookie. The cookie was really good but the tea was like 50 million degrees so I burnt my tounge! It's sitting outside right now because you aren't supposed to bring drinks into the library. Last night I was "trying to burn fat" [hahaha] by watching FitTV. It was SO funny. I did this carribean workout and it was soooooo tyring. I thought I was going to die. Hahaha. I am such a wimp when it comes to fitness. But the leader guy kept saying "Excellent, excellent, excellent" I would die of laughter whenever he said that so I would loose my beat and just end up waiting until the next commercail break to continue my "workout" Fun times! Woot wooot! Dudeeee..I can't read my shoutbox so you all should post in the little comment thing. I willl post late tonight when I am finally HOME!!! woooohoo!! Your buddy until the day I die... Laura Fantora

 If you haven't read my previous post read it righttttt NOW before comtinuing :) So, at Fuddruckers Stephen and I wandered around to all the tables and we looked at all the cool beatles stuff on the wall. Then my new friends Stephanie had to go so I said good bye but we forgot to give eachother our e-mail addresses so I will probably never talk to her again which is SUPER SAD. [wow..runnn on sentences at there best!] Then I ate my chicken burger and my cousin had to go home so I said good bye to her..thenn.. We went ot this play on top of this huge mountain. It was an outdoor ampitheater so you could see like all of san diego from the top of it. You could also see parts of Mexico and the Pacific ocean. It rocked. The play was all right. Not my favorite but it wasn't like i hated it or anything. Then I said my final good byes to the improv people which was reaaally reaaallly sad I almost wanted to cry because I would never see them ever again. Hugging continued. Blah blah blah. Then we went back to our hotel and Larry, Stephen, Heather, Beka, Jackie and I played pocker with pennies. I really really wanted to ask the other improv people if they wanted to play because they were all on our floor but no one else wanted to. I was sad. Then in the middle of our game for some reason Beka was like "LETS GO RUN!!!" so we ran around all the hallways in our 14 story hotel. it was the greatest thing ever!!! Considering it was 3 in the AM I felt like a total outlaw. It rocked. There was a huge wedding going on and by accident we like ran into the reception. Haha. It was funnnnn-kneee. Then we were all super tired and Larry fell asleep on my bed.Then for like an hour we talked about how bad the improvathon was. I didn't really think it was bad at all. Everyone was saying how it was God's pourpose to bring us here but then he kind of failed us. I don't think it was his pourpose to bring us here to win first place. I think God wanted us to grow closer together. I tried to tell that to everyone but they just kind of glared at me so I was like "Okayy...never mind" Then we all went to bed and boarded our plane. Right when I arived at the air port it was off to the beach house. Which is where I am now because my grandpa just alerted me that we do have internet. It is SO slow though. Oh well. Yesterday we had a little birthdya celebration for my grandpa. He turned 75!! And we planned our trip to NEW YORK!!!!! We are going to see a differen't show every night!! Wooooohooo!! Then we drove to seaside for the fire works. Those were CRAZY. Everyone is so outof control. You know those huge ones that are at the fire work shows? Someone lit it right next to us and it was supposed to go up in the air but it blew up on the ground and i almost got killed. It was SO scary. I was like screaming and running for my life. Hahahha. Some day you guys all have to go spend 4th of july with us in Seaside. It is quite a memorable experience! Then when we got home i went right to bed. I didn't wake up till 12 because i was SO stinking tired. And now I am here at our beach house being bored. I am going to try to hitch a ride with my dad tomorrow so I can get home ASAP. I miss Olive!! Talk to you all later!! I wuv you guys!!! Laura Fantora

 This might be a long post, BRACE YOURSELF! I shall start with Thursday. Thursday. [alrighty then...] I woke up at 3 and I just wandered around aimlessly for like a half an hour because I woke up way to early. I tried to update my blog but it wouldn't let me for some stupid reason. It was super stupid. At 3:45 we went to go pickup Beka. On the way there I tried to get myself hyper so we turned on some oldies but they were playing really depressing music so Hannah and I just ended up turning the radio off and making our own music. Then Beka came in the car and we were all like "lalallalalallala" We finally got the airport and like 4:30. We were the first people there! It was crazy because everyone else was all concerened about getting htere 2 hours early [wow I just seenzed and got snot all over my jacket. Now that was atractive.] So we got on our plane and that was pretty uneventful except this hot guy Beka liked sat near us and Beka was like "0OOOH!" We had a layover in San Jose and I called Mandy. But being the smart person I am known to be I stood right in front of a loud speaker and I couldn't hear anything she said and I doubt she heard anythign I said. Haha. We got on another plane and finally arived in Ontario. Then Jackie Heather and I waited for Beka and Rhonda to show up with the rental car. They finally came and we all boarded the car to disney land. Disney land was so frekaing scary. I thought I was going to die numerous times. But, I went on all the rides [Including splash mountain!] and I had a really good time. But who cares about that? Then we all loaded into the car off to San Diego. We got stuck in a traffic jam at MIDNIGHT! It was the weirdest thing ever. We finally arrived at the Hilton and like 3 and we fell asleep so after our arrival. At 8 I woke up and I was SUPER excited because I would get to meet all the other IMPROV PEOPLE! I mean really, husband potential. I took a nice shower and blow dryed my hair with the crappy hotel dryer. I looked pretty good if I do say so myself. SO we went to the Yacht club. At first I was really scared but after I met the first few people it was simply wonderful. At CYT Vancouver I always feel untalented, unatractive, and shy. But these people made me feel beautiful. They made me feel like i had self worth. it was great. We played this game called american eagle 1-2-3. It was SO scary but awesomely fun. There were two people in the middle of the beach and you had to run by them without getting picked up. They would pick up and yell "AMERICAN EAGLE 1-2-3" then throw you on the ground before you touched it. It was fun! I lost so soon though. I think it's because I don't weigh much, i'm and easy target. :) This guy who was probably 16 just picked me up then "dink" set me back on the sand. I am glad I didn't get injured! :) Then I met the pink team. We ate lunch with them. They were SO awesome!!! This one guys name was David Hott! Hahhahaha. For the rest of the day I just called him the Hott one. Hahhaa. He was pretty atractive, but not my type. After a day at the yacht club we went back to our hotel room to rest but we didn't get much rest. I called Mandy and got to talk to her for a long time which was nice. Then I called my Mumsy. :) Then we went to In and Out burger! YUM!!!!! After that we practiced for along time. But I REALLY wanted to go to the Bingo party to hand out with all these cool people. But, alas, we were 30 minutes late. It was still a lot of fun though! I met this girl named Jen whof or her summer job dressed up like orky the Otter at Sea world! Hahhaha. Then I met Andrew....*sigh* He is so beautiful. Back to the Bingo party. So, I totally lost. Hahaha. It was not cool. BUt it didn't really matter because most of the time I talked to all the cool people. I cannot get over how cool they all were. I wish we all lived in the same town so I could see them all everyday. After the bingo party I was just haning around tlaking to people and for some reaosn Jen started kicking me jokingly so we got into this "huge" fight. It rocked. Then Beka made me leave to go pratice. On our way to the elevators I saw andrew and his cute friend [not to mention they didn't have shirts on. wow that sounded really bad. I am never saying that again!!] and they were like "Do you wanna go swimming with us??" and I was like "DO I EVER" but I couldn't because we had to practice. It was sad. SO we went to bed at like 2 and woke up at 8 for the Improvathon. It was fun. I don't really want to expand on it because I only have 10 minutes left of time on this library computer butttt... We got there at about 12:30 and just hung out with our team. I REALLY wanted to hang out with the other people but I couldn't. Then it started. We did SUPER good on our two games but for some reason the judges hated us so we got out in the first round. Afterwards allllllll these people we had never seen before came up to us and were like "You guys were cheated out of your first place title!" Everyone on our team was SUPER upset and they were all crying. But for some reason I didn't feel that sad. I geuss I should have, but i wasn't. Then we left and I didn't get to say good bye to the pink team which made me really sad... Then we went to Fuddruckers. I got to hang out some with Andrew and His mom. We talked about the Beatles like the whole time. Andrews mom was met PAUL MCCARTNEY. I was so jealous. Paul is andrews favorite beatle tooo. I love that boy. Oh no my time is almost up so I shall say one shocking detail of my trip, I HUGEED GUYS. LOTS OF THEM! But I didn't get to hug andrew which was quite sad.....so here is my officail list of *doo de doo* GUYS LAURA HUGEED! Justin Tim Ben Kendrick ooh crap. I forgot everyones names. Haha Well I hugged like 4 other guys. Look at me gooo! Wow. This was a weird post. I will post more tomorrow. I LOVE YOU GUYS! Laura Fantora

 Before I get to the whole heat stroke thing.... I will start from the beginning!! We [mum and I] set off on our great Kerry adventure at aproximetly 9:23 AM. We arrived in Portland at about 9:50. We hoped out of the car and walked to the river front. There were a TON of people. We found the correct line and stoof there. The line moved soooo slow!!! We finally got into the place about an hour later. I was quite pleased because last time I saw Kerry we didn't even get into line before the gates were closed... So we stood there and waited. And waited... then a bunch of people came up to speak. First was the mayor. Then a congressman. Then another congressman whose name was Mr. Wu!! [I met him earlier.] Then came Leonardo Dicaprio. Hahhahah!! He informed us that he was an environmentalist. The crowd cheered. [i love portland.] After his little schpeel he sat down. Then, up came Mr. Bon Jovi!! I didn't really like him. I like more upbeat music. Maybe he didn't play his bests though. Then, after he left the stage we stood there. For like a half an hour...until suddenly they played some music, which I dubbed the "Royal Procession Song", and then came Kerrys bus!! It drove right by us then out popped Kerry. He waved, shook hands, and we all cheered, very loud. Teresa came out and talked for like an hour. We were like GO AWAY!!! because we were all quite hot and all she was talking about was like "woman power" Haha. At this point I was QUITEEEE hot and dehidrated. I just had to sit down. So that I did. Then I started to feel like I was going to throw up. So my mom was like "Do you wanna go back to where it is less crowded?" [it was like amosh pit of 20,000+ people!] so I was like "Ok." So I stood up but then I just collapsed. My vision went all black and I couldn't see a thing. I felt like I was going to die. So suddenly, out of nowhere [my mom says it was an angel, that I can beileve] this doctor lady comes and starts to check my pulse. "Call 911!!!! Does anyone have a cellphone?" So I was like "Great, now I am dying." My mom then poured a bunch of water that this lady [other angel!!] gave us all over me. The whoel tiem I was like praying "God don't let me die!!!!!!!" I really though I was going to die. My mom said I was as white as a sheet and my skin was all cold. When that doctor lady took my hand to check my pulse it felt just like God was holding my hand. It was crazy!! So they called 911 but decided not to put me in an ambulance until the on site meds checked me out. Since I could not walk they asked the 911 people to send a strecher. Haha. So the doctor lady tried to tell them where we were, but since we were surrounded by 20,000+ people they could not find us! So I drank like 6 bottles of water and I could walk again so my mom and I walked until we found Secret Service Man [it only took like 5 minutes] he escorted us to the medical area and they check my pulse and all. By then I was feeling a bit better so they gave me like 6 more bottles of water [which I drank in like 7 minutes!] they also gave me this cold thing which thay placed on the back of my neck. It felt nice!! Hahaa. I finally got better enough so I wasn't dieing. But, by then, Kerry was almost done speaking so I missed the whole thing!! Haha. The nice ambulance man got me some posters though. Haha! It was totally fun though!!!! Then we walked back to the car [the whole time i still felt like I was dying but I didn't want to tell my mom because she would probably take me to the hospital and that's no fun!!] My mom took me to Burgerville and let me get all the food I wanted becuase she was like "I thought you were dead and now I have my Laura back!!" Hahhahaha Expect pictures in the near future. I am off to sleep, I must rest my dying soul!! ;)

 Beka came over today right after the play. Yay! We had root beer floats. It was good. When Beka was leaving she made me walk her to her car because she was afraid of the dark. Haha. Before she left she was like "I need to come over sometime during the day!" and I was like "okkk!!!!!" But I forgot to ask her if she could come to the switchfoot concert. Oh well. I will call her tomorrow!

 I just got back from the dentist. Bleh. I didn't get any cavities but they like killed me. My teeth hurt. My gums bleeeeeed!! They got all mad at me because I never floss. My goodness! Flossing is for weirdos. ;) I just got otu of the shower and I am just waiting till 6:30. What happens then you may ask...I am going to a play!! With Beka and some other CYT people!! It's at New Heights. I am so excited. I wonder if Tim is back form Cali yet. Humm. Everyone is coming over to my hosue afterwards and we are going to have root beer floats! Yay!!!!!! I am quite excited. DID I TELL YOU I'M SEEING KERRY TOMORROW?? I have my tickets and everything!!!! Guess who is going ot be there. Hahhahahaha!!! Bon Jovi and Leonardo Decaprio!!!!!!!!!!! Hahhahahhahahaha!!! it's totally not as good as seeing Sean Astin last time but at least kerry is trying. I have never heard any of Bon Jovi songs so seeing him in concert will be interesting...hahah. I have never seen any movies with Leo, so seeing him should be interesting.... :) I can't wait!! I hope it isn't to crowded. I am charing my camera batteries right now so you all will get to see plenty of pictures!! Tomorrow the olympics also start!! I am going to Heather M.'s house for a party to watch the opening ceremonies!! HOW EXCITING!! I love my life.

 Hello dear friends!! Today I woke up at 9 and started cleanning. I didn't finish till about a half an hour ago. It took forever!! But the good thing is I made a lot of money!! Now I can buy my switchfoot tickets tonight before they sell out!! Last SF concert I made the mistake of not buying them until a month before the concert and they were all sold out so I had to go with this random guys youth group. Fun. :) My mom is getting all mad at me because she says i'm a slob. I don't see a thing wrong with not folding ones clothing!!! I mean really, what if I am out saving the world and I don't have enough time to fold 'em!! I am off to the dentist..I will post more about about my "slobiness" when I get back!! Laura

 Where has my childhood gone? I am almost 15. It seems like now I must finally face life. I have been avoiding it for so long. I mean...i can't turn back. I can no longer be the innocent 7 year old. I have to take DRIVERS ED!! I never want to drive. That's why I am going to move to a big city so I can just take public transportation. Driving scares me. I don't want to kill any person or and animal. That would make me cry for days and months...maybe even years. See...now I am a sophmore. Now I have to learn how to drive and take the PSAT. Before I know it I will be a junior and I will take the SAT and apply to colleges. Then I will be a senior. I will have to finish my high school years.. And then I am off to college. A foreign land. All by myself... I seems pretty scary. I mean really...4 years from know I will be by myself at this huge univeristy. It just scares me. Why can't I just stay this age? I am 14. I can get away with being immature...like trying to see how many grapes I can fit in my mouth yet I can also act years older than I. I don't have to go to any job interveiws because money isn't important. I don't have to try to be "all grown up" because I know I am so young. But, alas, I will never be the little girl I once was... And that makes me sad. Why does one have to grow up at the age of 14? Why must I be thrust into the world at so young? Can't I just stay here...at my mommies side

 I left my brothers lap-top on today and the battery ran dead. he is quite mad becuase he is going star gazing on Mt. Saint Helens tonight and he needs his lap-top. Tonight we went to my Aunt Sharons house. I visited my cousins pet rats. Haha! They were cuteeee! They like sniffed my fingers and stuff! Haha! Well, that audio for blogger thing absolutely rocks. I would totally check it out: www.audioblogger.com The only problem is you have to call this number to record a message and the number is long distance. I have to use my mom or dads cellphone to get it to work. Yup yup. I am not feeling very talkative...adios!

 What makes something a masterpeice? Why is a can of cambels soup in the Museum of Modern Art in New York? [Andy Warhol, 1953] Why is this one of the most published paintings in the World? [Vangogh Starry Night ] Art is a very subjective thing. It seems like we should have a set of rules that makes art "good." For one, this may seem beautiful: [Jackson Pollock One ] Yet others think it was just a childs splatter. Personally, I love this painting: [Peit Mondrain] But others may think its just a series of squares. I love art that captures imagination. I don't like art that is just like a bowl of fruit. I mean, I lok at it and I think "Oh, a lovely bowl of fruit..." it doesn't cause me to imagine what the artist was thinking when he or she formed the art. [Andy Warhol self Portait ] Why did he paint this? What is his story? Why does this look so creepy? :) I think art should be something that should portray God. Not like a picture of some guy sitting on a cloud...but maybe reflecting his beauty. Reflecting his power.. Art should make you think up to God. I know you probably never think deep about art, neither do I. But it is quite and interesting and confusing topic to ponder.

 urlLink

 5 o'clock. I turn on the television... What do I see? Signs of hate. Unhurled emotions. People are dying. Children and crying. I see... a world full of hate a world full of death Destruction. Where is the good? Where is love? I need love... In world full of depression... Suppression Cruelity Disdain Animosity Malevolence Resentment I know it's there somewhere.... Is it out of my grasp? Surrounded. Like the walls of a great city. I cannot escape it. The hate is everywhere. I know love is also everywhere. Then why must I focus on the disdain? Why must our world only see the problems rather than the solutions? What about the 9 year old who raised 400,000 dollars to fight cancer? No one hears about Alex. Now she has parted from our world... Just a word in a novel. A stroke on a canvas. What about the man who gave a dollar to a homeless lady? No one will hear his story. Why can't the news focus on the amazing love that is everywhere in this world? Love is everywhere. We just have to look past the sorrow. See the mother and her child living on the street? The mother starves so her child can have a little food. Why is not this rewarded? I guess I will find out when my page in the novel is completed.

 Switchfoot is coming to PORTLAND IN OCTOBER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *so excited* I think I am going to invite Beka to come with me. I think she will want to come!! WOOHOO!! I think I am going to invite Karsen tooooo because she lovess Switchfoot and Beka! This totally made my day.

 Dude. It's 1:11. How absolutely wonderful. Well, Mandy has gone home. Now I am even more alone than I have been in awhile. why, you ask... Because my world has been turned upside down. Everything I once knew and loved has left my grasp. But I am getting used to this.

 I cannot stop looking out the window. She should be here any minute!!! I am so stinking excited. Oh. my. goodness. This post has no point but to keep me busy. Lalallalaa....

 Since today is the first officail day of urlLink Summer Festival at New Heights, they are having their annual picnic!! They have the craziest picnics. Our church is so rich that they have all those huge inflatable bouncy things. They also have all free food and such. I love our church. My mom is obbsessed with volunteering [and so am I!! Hence the carrot! (inside joke. Haha.)] she volunteered everyone in my family to help! It shall be fun though. I get to be in charge of one of the inflatables. mwa haha. I hope I get to bounce on it!! Those things rock. So I get to play with little kids all day!! Yay!!!! I hope none of them get hurt....I will feel quite guilty. ANDDD..... Later today..... MANDY IS COMING!!!! I haven't seen her since spring break which is quite quite sad. They have already been in the car for like 7 hours!!!! Cuh-razy!!! Last night Hannah and I made her a welcome poster. Haha. Well, acctually, Hannah made it! She is SO artistic. I wrote the word "MANDY" and it looks SO bad. Haha. Then the part she did is like gorgeous. Haha. It's a pretty sue-wheat poster. You all will have to see it when you come on Monday. [well..not all of you..but yeah...] I can't wait till Mandy comes!! According to MapQuest it should take 11 hours 14 minutes. That means they should be here at like 5!!! Woohoo!! Maybe I can get my mom to let us all go to Pizza Schmizza. So good!! A couple days ago we were just driving around and there were all those political signs everywhere and I saw this one sign and it said "Elect Schmizza For Dinner!" It was SOOO fun-knee!!! I better go, talk to you all later!!!! Love, laura Fantora

 How can I save the world you may ask? It's easy!!! Just follow these simple instructions and you too can be a world saver!!! First, think of a superhero idenity. I am quite fond of Captain Underpants. Some other creative superhero include Charles: The Most Stupendous Superhero This Side of the Bermuda Triangle [that was of my brothers doing.], Pretty Ugly Man, Razmataz Man, Giant Lady, ETC. Get creative!! Next you need to decide on your specail skill. Charles, for instance, is an expert hair braider. Make sure you choose your talent wisley!! [You need to save the world you know.] Ok. So now you should have the following: A name for you alter-ego and a special talent. [You might want to write these down just incase you forget!] Next, make up a problem that youcan solve using for special talent. Pretend your Charlie.... OH NO!!!! THE WORLD'S HAIR IS A MESS!! I think they need a hair braider...you [Charlie] think to yourself. Now, You must need some to yell when your saving the poor World. Something like "Never fear, Charlies here!!" But, if you were the REAL Charlie you would probably want to say "I AM HERE TO RID YOU AND YOUR POSSE OF HAIR PROBLEMS!" Then, you would undergo the most postive aspect of being a superhero, WILD APPLAUSE!! Now, you must scilence the crowd and get to work- this isn't all fun and games! Here is your chance to use your newling bestowed gifting. Be safe! Over confidence is one of Charlies greatest enemys. You may think it's of his own doing but Over Confidence is the name of his enemy. Here comes the fun part, CREATE YOUR OWN ENEMY! Charlie chose Over Confidence because it was so ironic. I mean really, Charlie, over confident. Hah! You may chose something else. Like Evil Spam Man for instance. Instead of chosing a specail talent for your very own Spam Man, chose one of his weaknesses. Maybe he is fat so he can't fit through small spaces, ya never know. Now your set!!!! With your super specail talent of hair braiding and your overwhelming knowlede of all your greatest enemys weaknesses YOU CAN SAVE THE WORLD!!! Have fun kids, and be safe!! [and you thought I was going to make you feed the poor!!] Love, laura Fantora

 About a month ago I gave away one of my Gmail invites on this handy site called urlLink Gmail Swap. [That site has kinda gone down the hill now...] In exchange for a Gmail account this guy named Guillermo promised to send me a bag of coffee from Costca Rica. I hate coffee, but my dad and my brother love it so I agreed. After almost a month it didn't come so I was just like whatever...liar face!! But then today, it came!!! Surprisingly, it smells very good. It was acctually sent from costa rica!! It must have cost a lot to send it from there, I am eternally grateful. :) Today I just took a shower, it was very nice. I feel clean! Then I checked the mail and got my "tasty" coffee. Now I should be cleaning my room is preperation for the visit of Mandy tomorrow. I CAN'T WAIT!!!!! She is leaving tomorrow from Cali at 5 AM!!! She should be at my house fairly late the same day. *so excited*

 2 lives... changed forever. That morning the road was slick... The rain came fastly down...as if a thousand bullets peirced through the sky. The elderly couple laughed together as they traversed through the winding road. They were returning home after a weekend spent in happiness together on the coast. Who knew this would be there last moments together. Suddenly, the man the drivers seat raised up his left arm to strach his tired eyes... "Watch out honey!!" shouted the woman as a deer calmy pranced accross the road. The man quickly turned to the left to avoid killing the graceful deer. The car left the control on the mans sweaty grasp. The car quickly flew on the hill. The man didn't dare to even breath as his entire future left his grasp. The woman sat there, eyes bulged out. She leaned over and kissed her husband on the cheek. He didn't even turn... All this happened in a matter of seconds. The woman slowly opened her eyes. She was alarmed by what she saw... There car, which they had bought only a month before, was now as curvy as the sea on a stormy day. Slowly she looked out the window, which was now just a few fragments of broken glass. They were in the middle of an uncharted forest. "How did we get here?" she quitley spoke. Then the whole thing came back to her momory... "we were....tumbling.." She tried to move her legs but she had lost all feeling. Then she remembered, Frank. Her husband of almost 50 years. She tried to move her head. It hurt like the the fire of a thousand suns. She had to see Frank. At this time Frank was worth all the pain she had to endure to see him. Frank's head was bowed down and his hands were heald together, a sign of love to his God. "Frank!" the woman yelled. He didn't move. His eyes did not open. At once her worst fear was realized...Frank was dead. She closed her eyes. A single tear graced down her cheek. As if opening a dam a river of tears flowed. Moments later she heard the sirens. "Are you all right?" The fireman rushed to the side of the car... "Frank..he's dead..." "Help is on the way." The fireman tried to calm her shatered heart when suddenly more medical technitions rushed to her side. "We will get you out of here...everything will be ok." She didn't feel anymore calm then before they came. She wished they would just leave her alone so she could die here, next to Frank. In a matter of minutes she was in an ambulance. "Where is Frank?" she demanded. "Frank isn't here..." said the driver of the car. Suddenly, the fast moving car came to a stop. "What's going on?" the lady asked "We need to get you out of here." She wished she could see outside but there were no windows on the ambulance. All she could hear was the engines of...maybe 20 cars. "Why are we stopped?" Suddenly her own life became something of importance...she didn't want to sit here, she needed to go to the hospital. "We are waiting for the helecopter." Suddenly, a childish excitment reached her nerves.. "A...a...helecopter? but, sir, i'm afraid of heights.." She heard a loud engine...something...something landed but 10 feet from where they sat. "It's here, we need to get her out of here." She was carried out of the ambulance and into the helecopter... ______ It seems like everything happened so fast. I don't know if this was how the story went, but I saw it all with my own eyes. It happened on our way home from the beach... It seems like lives can be changed in such a short time...

 Today I went to the home depot. It was alright. I just hung out in the cedar isle like I always do. I am OBSESSED with Cedar. It smells so stinkin' good. Oh my goodnesss. I wish my parents would have named me Cedar. Isn't that the coolest name ever? It just makes me sound tall and confident. Strong. But alas, I was named Laura!! Haha. not that Laura is a bad name... I told my dad that I wanted to change my name to Cedar and he was like "Uh..it's a cool name..i guess." Then we went to safeway and I picked out a sherbert [that's a cool name toooo!] and then Jacob was like "lets get sorbet instead." So I was like "Ok." SO we picked out a tasty lemon sorbet. But then right before we paid for it he was like "You know what..I want peach instead" so he got peach without even consulting me!! Little did he know I hate peach so no sorbet for me. Oh well. I am quite content with my cookie dough. DOUUUGHHHHHHH Dou-ugh! hahahaha [inside joke. mwa haha]

 WARNING: This is a nasty Laura alert. Laura is in a bad mood- stay away. So. Whatever I say will probably offend at least one of my readers so I will just not talk at all. I have found that when I talk I just weave myself into more and more trouble.. I have decided to never go to school and live in my room. Now I will never have to face people..or anything. Why have I come to this important decision you ask? Because people make me mad. [if you are sick of me complaining just ignore my rambeling] See, wherever I go it seems as if people don't care about what I have to say. Like if people listened, I would talk. but they don't seem to want to listen so i don't talk... Well, Mandy listens. But she is a rare exception. It seems like everyone is caught up with there own lifes and stuff that I seem to just be whisked away with the wind. Oh well. It's kinda fun to be my own best friend. I have common intrests with my best friend. We go EVERY where together... humph.

 Where have all my friends gone? Just wondering. No one is online anymore and no one posts comments anymore... sad. Did I tell you Kerry is coming to Portland on Friday? I am quite excited. But, I have a delima. See, I was invited to this party at this girl I barley knows house. So I said I could go..just because I have nothing better to do. Then Heather invited me and all the HYPE kids to an olympics party and that sounds TOTALLY fun. Just because I will be with heather, Beka, Jacki, and everyone. And now Kerry is coming. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO! Morally, I should go the that girls house for her party because I already told her I could go...but I don't really want to. I want to go to Heathers!! Hum... This weekend should be interesting... Tomorrow..I am going to church. I think that's all.. Church should be alright. I get to see Beka..but then again I have to go to "teen" church which isn't fun. Hum hum. Dude. I can't think of anything interesting to say today. Ooh! It just said on the news that Bush is coming to Portland on friday tooo! Haha! I will totally see Kerry cuz you have to either pay or be a total Bush freak to go to his events. That's why I like Kerry, he lets all people come to his brohahas. Yup.

 President Bush, refering the the terrorist: "They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people - and neither do we." Hahahahahahahhahaa. How are you all doing?! I am doing quite well myself. today I woke up bright and early at 8 AM!! Then we went to go helpmy grandpa move. They sold there house. it is quite quite sad. See, I was supposed to get married there and now it's gone. It's the most beautiful house in the entire world. Oh well.. So we got to move all there photo albums. i foung the album from when my mom and dad got married. Haha! It is SO funny. I found a picture of my uncle dave. Haha. He looks kinda like one of the beatles. It's so funny. My mom and dad had a cool cake. It had all these pink flowers on it. I want a slice righhttt now. My grandpa gave me 6 dollars for helping him! Wooohooo! At about 12 we went to go to trader joes and I got lunch. I got this super good turkey swiss sandwhich! Yummm! Then we went to the orthodontist. They were like "Good job Laura!" and they gave me a new wire! They also gave my spacers on my back tooth which is kinda weird but whatever. Whenever I go there all the perfect smile ladys always laugh at me. I think it's a good thing but who knows.. They go this crazy self check in thing where you click on your name and it shows your PHOTO!! It's SO crazy. then it's like please type in you birthday for verification. So cool. They also have these tooth burshes that have toothpaste pre stuck on the tooth brush...also very coool!! Orthodontist are always ont he top of things. Then we went to beacocks and I got 2 shiny new guitar picks!!! I saw this guy there and I was like "wow..he looks really familiar..." then I realized he is the guy emily is going to marry!! Hahahhahahahahah I betterrr gooo! Adios Amigos! laura Fantora

 In some way or form, then I don't know what will. [from bbc.com] Armenian Refugees Lida is a refugee. She lives with her four children and elderly mother. Armen, 12, Mariam, 10, Artur, 3, and Maria, five months, are undernourished. They haven’t got money even for a minimum ration. Sometimes Lida picks bones at a meat market. After boiling them she makes a "soup". It's the children's favourite meal. They call it "meat soup". Lida uses plastic bags as a fuel for the stove. There are plenty of them in the marketplace. Burning plastic bags releases lots of smoke. Faces, curtains, clothes - everything is covered in soot. Lida used to be a prostitute. Now she earns a little money buying cheap cigarettes at a border market and selling them locally. It's not enough. Three-year-old Artur has a bath everyday. He has to wait his turn after his younger sister Maria. By the time he gets into the water it is lukewarm and dirty, but he enjoys it anyway. He can spend hours in the tub. At the end he is not completely clean but at least some of the soot is gone. Lida's mother, Asya, is 75. She lost her passport and she doesn't get any pension. Asya looks after Maria. She feeds her, changes her nappies and does whatever she can to look after the baby. Despite every effort the house is in a sorry condition. Dirt and soot covers everything. Older children don’t help Lida much. Little Artur thinks it's all a game. He doesn’t know any better. Washing up is part of the everyday routine. The house doesn't have running water, so Lida brings water from a spring and does her washing outside. Older children usually sit and watch her doing the washing. Clothes become more or less clean for a short period - and then get covered in soot again. Lida's children don’t play with other kids. They don't go to school or out and about. They avoid other people. But they often play together, are close to each other and look after little Maria in turns. -------------- That is the saddest story I have ever heard in my life. The pictures.. wow. I just makes me want to do something for these children...for their mother...for their grandmother. It breaks my heart to see people in this condition. But, this is the fact of life for thousands of people all around the world. Why then do we still buy 24 dollar shirts? 50 dollar jeans? We could do so much with that money. Instead of purchasing some clothes we could feed a whole family for a month.. it just breaks me up inside.

 Wow!! Haha. This is crazy. I have never blogged from a PC before. At the moment, my lovely brother Matt is using my Imac so I must stoop as low as to use my eldest brothers [Jacob] lapot. Fun stuff. Have all you guys read the verse on the right column?? It's one of my favorites. We are supposed to be transformed by the renewing of our mind!!! This means that we are transformed through learning. I just wanted to chalenge you all instead of laying around all day like a normal summer, read! Write! Explore!! Do something. Learn. God didn't create us to be lazy!!! Today I went to this concert in the park. it was pretty spiffy!! It was this awesome band who just played the beatles and such. They even played some queen!!! There were these two guys dressed up as hippies and they went into the very front and started dancing and the lead singer dude was like "WHOA!! We have some real live hippies right by our stage!!" they had signs that sad "Love, Peace, and chicken wings" it was quite amusing. I checked out the menu for the thai place and the most expensive meal you can get cost 12 bucks. If you are really cheap you can just get rice for a dollar. Haha. I am quite excited. MANDY COMES SOON! Be excited, very excited.

 Haha!! I am making you ALL come to the CYT Teen Dance. woot woot. I know, dances are the very sources of evil behavior...but this one will be fun!! It is on Friday, August 21 from 6-10. It's going to be at this girl named Taylors house. I will give you all directions later.... It cost 5 dollars..there will be a lot of food and such there. Wooohoo!! YOU MUST COME!! Everyone is going to be there... :) Like Tim, Beka, Larry....everyonnneeee! Pleasseee comme! See, thanks to my "my camera is my best friend" comment yesterday everyone thinks I am a friendless weirdo with no life..So you gotta come to prove I have friends! Hahahhaha That is all.

 So. Today I was just like lalalalala.. then my mom was like "Let's go to the library and target!" So I was ike "woohoo! coool" The library was fun. I only got one book because like all the CS Lewis books were checked out. [I must read "Til We Have Faces"!!!] But I got this other book on worldviews. It's huge and I am going to try to read it all! Mwa haha. Well, now I have to clean... *sigh* I will update later...

 Have I told you how much I despise fashion? [coming from the yearbooks freshman "most fashionable"] I am so serious. its evil, yet so addicting. it's something I totally strugle with. At CYT camp my mom sent me a package with a teen vogue and lucky mag in it. Karsen was like "wow!! Your mom loves you!" People who love me don't tempt me with fashion magazines. I know my mom didn't know..but still. See, there was a time when i was obsessed with fashion. Like so obsessed I would check style.com EVERY day. Multiple times a day just to make sure I was on top of all the trends. This was not a long time ago..November of last year. I started to see all the models. I know you hear this a lot how people "compare themselves to anorexic models" I heard it so much. I never thought it happened to real people. Even though I only weighed a hundred and fifteen pounds I still thought I was fat. I tried to loose weight and got down to 105. but I still wasn't happy. All those models always look so happy. Now, over six months later, I finally realize how unhappy they really are. There smiles are like a canvas they paint on every day. I was slowly becoming one of them... I was so sad. I tried and I tried but no guy would ever like me. No modeling agency would ever want me. No one would ever want me as there friend. I felt so unwanted. Later I realized how foolish I was being. Really, I looked way better at my normal 120 pounds. God slowly seeped into my life in ways I still do not understand. For some reason I would start to pick up my bible instead of lucky magazine. Soon, my reading of lucky was extint. Along with vogue and every other fashion magazine. Still, it remains a struggle. I love fashion, I admit I do. But there is so much more than the crap media wants to sell you. So, my friend, STAY AWAY FROM FASHION MAGAZINES! Throw them in the trash! Burn 'em!! Never make the mistake I did, ok?

 So. We had to go to the beach with my dads best friends family..I then had to hang out with these two girls the whole time. They were scary. This girl who was my age..we were walking around town and she was like "OH MY GOSH. I GOT DIRT ON MY SHOES! these cost 150 dolllars!" I almost puked. Not to mention she was flinging around her 500 dollar Louis Vuitton purse. Yuck. Well, that described my week. Haha. I saw the ice cream man. Haha. But yeah. Then tonight i went to HYPE which was great fun. I ate a hamburger! The end...

 So, I am going to join the Comedy Sportz high school league!!! Anyone else want to do it to? It's on saturdays from 12-2. It will be awesomely FUN!! I am quite excited. Improv is SO addicting. It's great... Did I tell you I am going to the beach tomorrow? Well, I am. And, I heard Evan is going to be there too so I better not see him. Haha. My dads close friend [he was in my parents wedding..] is coming up from Lousiana. They have a daughter my age and another duaghter my sisters age so it should be fun. I haven't seen 'em since AI was like 10 or 11, but from what I remember they were cool. I will ABSOLUTELY escape from the beach house and update my blog. Absolutely meaning I will ride down in the lugage carrier [some of my friends now what I am talking aboooot] and run out the garage to update my blog. Well, acctually, i'm not stupid enough to do that, but we'll see. i was watching the 10 o'clock news and that policeman who died did go to my church. The reason I know this was because my pastor was on the television..he looked sad... Have an awesome week ya'll. BTW, e-mail me whenever!! Haha. This is just a "selfless" pitch to make myself feel special by not getting junk mail. fantora[at] gmail.com fun stuff.

 Due to the photo paper crisis, my mom thought it would be fun to mozy on over to the brand spankin new target about 10 minutes from our house. I was quite excited because I thoroughly enjoy tagrets of all shapes and sizes. But, alas, we arrived at the Target at 9:05, 5 minutes after it closed. I was quite disapointed because I was going to purchase a pretty alarm clock I saw in the Target ad today. My current alarm clock is broken, which obviously doesn't help me to get up. Kinda disapointing but oh well, there is always next time. So, instead, we went to Fred Meyer. I got photo paper and conditioner. Woot wooot. :) Dude, I just realized how young I really am. I am 14. 14!!! I am a sopmore. Does this even make sense? I should be like an eigth grader. Haha. But, I am quite proud of my maturness. I'm not trying to brag, but I seem like a pretty mature 14 year old. I cannot wait till I am 15. 14 just seems so YOUNG! Like, when I tell people I am 14 they are just like "oh.." and they kinda look down on me. See, I don't really look like a 14 year old... But yeah... 33 days till I am FINALLY 15!!

 Grr. So I am enering some photos in the fair. Since i only take digital photos I had to print them out. Everything was fine and all...until I set them down. Someone spilled something like all over the photos. grr!! So I went to go reprint them but we didn't have any photo papers left. So now my mom is at freddys buying more. Sad times. Oh well. Lala. I can't think of much else to say...

 Today we had to pick up my dad and my brothers from Mt. Ranier. They went on a 50 miles hike around half of the bottom of la montana. Fun..haha. They are cuh-razy!! I didn't really want to go but my sister wanted to go and I HATE being home alone..so I went. It was alright. We got to go to starbucks for breakfeast so I got a PUMPKIN SCONE! So good. I get htose everytime I go to a starbucks. woot woot. Then I slept the whole way to the mountain [aboot 2.5 hours] once we got there I was like "Wheres the mountain?" see, there were So many trees you could barley see the "biggest mountain in the lower 48 states" [according to tour guide mom] It didn't seem that big. Mt. Saint Helens seems WAY bigger than it. Maybe because I have grown up with mountains. I always see them out my bedroom window. Whenever we leave the house you stare at them out the window. They are just kinda..there. Ever beautiful, never leaving. Well, the snow come and goes but the mountain is always there. So we hiked a half mile and met up with my manly family [Haha!! That rhymed! well kinda...] they were stinky, smelly, but happy. They only got one shower all week. They smelled so bad!! I was like "Wow..what is that weird smell?" "Uh...that would be me!" then we went out to lunch at this nasty little restaurant..[wel the food was fine..it just looked nasty.] And then we went home!! Woooo woooo!! I should be at church right now but I became enthraled with making my birthday list that I seem to have "forgotten" the time. Oh well. I didn't really want to go anyways. High school church is just so blah. Everything they teach is SO simple. I know Jesus loves me, can we move onto something more complex? Like Judism..or something!! Or would that be o complex for our growing minds to take? I like going to big church [new heights slang for where the pastor preaches!] SO MUCH! We acctually learn a ton. Everyone thinks it's so boring but it totally isn't. Did you hear about that police man in the couv who got ran over when responding to a house call? I think he went to my church. I was watching the news today and I saw the news lady in front of my church. They were talking about him and how the funeral is going to be at "New Heights Batist Church." Who was I with when I was talking about denominations? Because our church doesn't really vocalize the denomination ever so this person told me that meant we were non-denominational but I could have sworn I was Baptist [haha!] I guess I was correct. My birthday is in 34 days!!! Well, after tonight it will be 33! But, "sad" news, I am not having a birthday party this year. Woohoo! I am excited because parties and having people over totally stresses me out. Because everything has to be perfect and organized or else I totally freak. And I don't have really any time to be planning a big brouhaha. Ooh! I wrote a really cool preachy story thing! But I don't know if I will post it yet, I am saving it for HYPE! I think we are all going to take turns doing the "talk." I can't wait. I love to preach but people don't usually listen...

