 urlLink President Bush Discusses Iraq Policy at Whitehall Palace in London

 Wictory Wendesday Would you, a conservative or not how about just an american like to have someone like Dean for president. Do you wanna wake up one morning and hear that in the coming year/months? If not then I suggest you vote republican, vote bush! You should also and can easily support bush by Donating or voluntering see urlLink Georgebush's official site to do these things and also to meetup. Fellow wictory Wendesday blogs "Freedom of Thought Ryne McClaren Pardon My English Spot On Mark Kilmer Bush-Cheney 2004 (unofficial blog) Blogs for Bush BushBlog.us (unofficial blog) Reagan Country ExPostFacto The Deeper Thinker Bowling for Howard Dean Stephen Blythe DUSTINet Egged Backcountry Conservative Jarhead Slublog Matt Margolis The Hedgehog Report Jeremy Kissel Boots and Sabers Miller's Time A Rice Grad Viking Pundit Argghhh! Left Coast Conservative The Irish Lass The Ole Miss Conservative PoliPundit The Wise Man Says Southern Conservatives Powered by BlogRolling

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush Boards Air Force One for U.K. Trip time to see what happens. Lets hope all goes well. Not a bad idea to travel over there. Sadly polls show the majority dislike bush and say he is qoute "stupid" maybe this trip can heal some things up.

 The pope said this Sunday "Israel must stop the building of the wall, walls should not be built but bridges" The response at least from me? Sure when Palestinians stop exploding! And even then if you want to be technical/biblical etc. They still shouldn't "build bridges" its their holy land given to them by God. Peace will never happen its biblical. And if anyone is to blame it is mostly the Palestinians exploding and fueling flames. The world is uniting indeed, uniting against Israel. God's chosen people. I stand tall with Israel and hope you stand with us.

 urlLink ::Time Changer::Official Movie Site want a good film to watch thats family friendly and christian look no further than this title. THe official site has info galore and trailers. see about having your church have it played . A fantastic film I much enjoyed with friends and family when I recently watched it. Great teachings, inspirational well done film. 4 out of 5

 urlLink MARINE TOYS FOR TOTS FOUNDATION local fire departments just about anywhere. Donate toys for tots! Schools also I believe.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Iraqis to Take Control of Iraq by June 2004 lets hope indeed that we meet this deadline. That things are accomplished. Though we will still be involved even if this takes place and things go well for awhile after this.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Blanco Becomes Louisiana's First Female Governor either way history was made. To bad though.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - All Books Not Fit to Review its true. And they should review the books from perhaps two perspectives maybe a liberal review and a conservative or maybe a moderate or all. Things need to change this is well something obvious.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: Paul Bremer on 'FOX News Sunday'

 site: yes well feedback just email me, also if you like I have a blogsend so give me your email address to get updates when the site is updated! not rss but cool.

 urlLink 7 Spaniards Killed in Iraqi Ambush (washingtonpost.com) :(

 urlLink ABCNEWS.com : Billy Graham Defends Gibson's Christ Film I am glad he did this and think he should have, I like what he said as well. I can't wait to see the film.

 urlLink 2004 Is Now for Bush's Campaign (washingtonpost.com) cool.

 site Update : Comments are down indefinitely as is a proper template till I choose another or get a custom build not sure if I will I kind of like it simple like this I'd like to get rid of the commercials on top, we'll see what will happen.

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Schooling Around I'm going to agree on the things said about the aclu and school. More money is not needed but better parenting, it is also the kids who are at fault for not caring for themselves a little.

 Friday Five yeah here goes again, I like these. See urlLink Friday five site to see questions 1. I hate shopping I enjoy the products you shop for more than shopping for sure. I hate shopping because well its a pain, all the people and noise and you usually buy stuff you don't need to. 2. Last purchase? I don't remember its been awhile I've rented a few items, food to eat so I don't die. :) I'll be getting some things soon though. 3. Well shopping online is nice cause its easy, you can be lazy and its delivered plus you can find things cheap, downsides are plenty though I prefer shopping in stores to get out a little and fewer downsides on the security front and such. 4. I am a child, no allowance I get what I need and then some so I'm fine with it. 5. hmm.. again been awhile can't really remember. I don't buy much, and when I do I always am sure its a good purchase. This was a good one for today, the infamous shopping day after thanksgiving traffic here is horrible and the parking lots are packed. So was the airport I had to get to early to drop someone off, honestly I hate this day! :(

 urlLink CNN.com - 'It felt good,' GI says of Bush's visit - Nov. 27, 2003 I saw this and was well stunned this was very unexpected, cool. He's the first president to go to Iraq and it was a surprise. This was nice it showed he cared and I'd say was a big morale booster. Hope your thanksgiving was great mine was. :)

 Happy Thanksgiving to all! quick site note: I apologize for the misspellings and grammatical errors I work to fix these issues and have access to a spellchecker that I will now use and will be proofreading my material as well, thank you.

 urlLink CNN.com - 'Master' and 'slave' computer labels unacceptable, officials say - Nov. 26, 2003 this is insane, political correctness gone way to far.

 urlLink WorldNetDaily: Bio-chip implant arrives for cashless transactions kinda old can't believe I missed it but here it is thanks to my pal over at urlLink Coffeeswirls read what he has to say and I'd just like to add some more proof just look around the world is at odds a war is going on that will all get worse, we also have the un and Eu and most of the world denouncing Israel's existence and then of course the Eu itself. This may be good in theory but... :(

 I love this game! nba that is. Turns out Alonzo morning is out for good he is now in retirement because of a kidney issue, he needs a kidney actually! Huge donor list I here. Also this weeks baller according to votes at nba.com sponsored by nike is Kobe Bryant. Shaq's been out with an injury but will return possibly Friday he was on Leno the other day. And other than that case you haven't noticed or didn't know the lakers are my fave and aren't letting me down either with 11-3 games. Can't wait for the school season games not sure if I'll play though. :)

 Wictory Wendesday Its time to help out Bush! So please I encourage you all to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate If you would like to learn more about bush or get up to date or just whatever check out urlLink his site And if you would like to blog wictory wendesdays see urlLink blogs for bush

 Bruce Almighty I don't see why critics made such a big deal out of this or why so many people went to see it and loved it so much. I thought it as funny not gut busting, but funny. I'd have to say a 3 outta five rating. some I suppose could be offended and its not a kids movie at least teens on up.

 site update: The comments were all deleted except for a few posted today I believe or I may have missed some I deleted pretty much all no matter the content as long as inappropriate language or anything offensive is left out of your posts they will be left untouched. Axel (a critic of mine) has although he is very well I'd say rude has indeed watched his language and for that I thank him I ask anyone who uses such language to refrain from doing so here thank you. And have a wonderful thanksgiving!

 A note to all readers (particularly those who comment) Please I wish my site to be clear of inappropriate language so refrain from using such words, your comments are always welcome but please nothing inappropriate or it will be deleted and your opinions will no longer be welcome or respected. Update Sites been pretty much cleared of inappropriate posts these were dubbed inappropriate and offensive by myself and thus removed any further posts will be, I have the right to do so you are simply a guest please on my site watch your language! management :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX News/Opinion Dynamics Poll - FOX News Poll - Thanksgiving and Holiday Shopping havent started holiday shopping but I have a list for myself and some for others I need to shop for :) I to would prefer dinner with President Bush

 urlLink News: Dell drops some tech calls to India good now do that for people who pay extra for support being extended, more of this would be good.

 The east is getting snow. I get school, rain, freezing temps and winds. :( oh well hope this weekends a good one just the same, last samurai looks like a good film and lotr is closer in reach now! Hope it snows for Christmas and more than usual inch or so. Gotta decorate speaking of Christmas!

 Free trade I'm all for it but is it just me or does it seem countries only support it when they benefit the entire world should adopt this. Countries like china have ways to only have Chinese cars for its citizens not fair. Canada blocks us out with lumber I say lets all be fair, I like free trade however.

 urlLink SpywareInfo : Open Letter To Dell Inc. From The Security Community I read this in lockergnome when it was published. sad stuff they support virus support why not spyware? ITs all bad stuff and if people don't want it dell should keep them happy just another move dell needs to make like with the tech support change recently made with india. Do the right thing Dell. Refer to sites like this one and offer programs and info to.

 I love this game! because its a blast to watch and play. Great games Thursday both teams I wanted to rise victorious did so the 76ers and the la lakers! Good stuff. Also no urlLink Friday five today not my fault the creators fault. And also anyone else heard these rumors of M$ releasing its own blogging software or some sort of blog software with "longhorn" ? hmm.. Interesting.

 30 yrs of jail for stealing a tv! A man stole a tv 30 yrs ago and is still paying for it! ok that makes great sense waste money and a huge portion of a mans life over something so stupid! Why not some community service an apology and fines? man. Let him out this time.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Admitted German Cannibal Says Victim Was Willing sick. :( well more bad net news I see. The man whether he had permission or not should be punished life in prison I say. The net needs a little regulation and such adds etc. should be taken down and people punished for them. Sick

 urlLink Media body takes aim at China's Internet censors well it is china but yeah something should be done to at least loosen these things up, thank God I live in a free country.

 Wictory Wendesday Yes wictory wendesday again so I encourage all who read this to urlLink volunteer and or urlLink donate to the urlLink Bush-Cheney campaign for president. If you've done those things or don't wanna do so etc. Try urlLink The bush meetup If your a blogger by the way and would like to join in on wictory wendesdays stop by urlLink Blogsforbush Here is a list of fellow wictory wendesdayers! The Wise Man Says Viking Pundit Argghhh! Proud American Girl Miller's Time Jarhead Freedom of Thought Matt Margolis The Hedgehog Report Between the Coasts Boots and Sabers PoliPundit Reagan Country Bowling for Howard Dean Slublog Spot On Bush-Cheney 2004 (unofficial blog) The Ole Miss Conservative Southern Conservatives Jeremy Kissel Backcountry Conservative A Rice Grad Blogs for Bush Left Coast Conservative Stephen Blythe The Irish Lass The Deeper Thinker eTalkingHead.com Pardon My English BushBlog.us (unofficial blog) Mark Kilmer Ryne McClaren ExPostFacto Powered by BlogRolling

 Dean: "I'll unseal mine if he will his" well though Bush didn't want them open they are so unleash yours! And about this Soviet Union stuff, sorry pal its been over 10 years or so... :)

 Yes well the site has been redesigned yet again and for now it will stay until a custom layout is finished. Also again if you wish to join my blogsend which is essentially rss but email send me an email at: joshdollins@cableone.net thanks

 urlLink New York Post Online Edition: postopinion thanks to the left coast conservative for this one good article.

 I haven't seen the film but I'd recommend not renting Johnny Depp's film " Pirates of the Caribbean" heard some bad things about it seen bad reviews, and the obvious about the man staring in it. Continue to boycott him and Clooney and the like. This Disney stuff bugs me to the guy quitting and the things being done by Eisner :( to many bad things boycott Disney to not like any of its any good either.

 It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare. - Mark Twain A qoute I stumbled across today I rather liked it so here. :)

 urlLink DRUDGE REPORT FLASH 2002 Good question honestly I'd say Rage. For such a peaceful guy, he's pretty pissed off all the time. Maybe some anger management classes?

 urlLink External Links

 urlLink Boston.com / Latest News / Northeast / Lieberman: U.S. must prevent religious war I'd have to agree. But such a thing is inevitable it will happen one day, lets hope not now. We'll see, seems I'm not the only one either thinking along these lines.

 A quote I dug up that I rather like from a great author most I would say know: "we trust not because 'a God' exists, but because this god exists" C.S. Lewis my quote of the week. Look for these now and then and urlLink Friday fives also along with the urlLink blogsforbush stuff to. Site news: I am working on getting my links and banners up again etc. a counter and the vote form will be back I hope. Also a new feature all my blogs will have send me your email address to:joshdollins@cableone.net and I will put you on my blogsend kinda like an rss feed but via email instead. Also about the layout I am looking into others and possibly some custom ones by myself.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Woman Knocked Unconscious While Shopping should be shop till you drop day instead of black Friday but at least for this women it was black Friday, this needs to be better controlled by the stores and people need to have control :(

 urlLink Japan Today Japan News - Commentary - Killings derail SDF Iraq dispatch - Japan's Leading International News Network Glad to hear it losing them would be a horrible thing. This is all over Japan today and other such sites a few other politicians spoke out, some warnings made and coverage of the killings also. See japantoday the best source for a gaijin. :)

 urlLink Al Arabiya TV denies U.S. charges over Iraq yeah that's a bit far on the freedom thing, maybe not closed down but some new employees and a little control and watching over?

 Thank God I got my shots yesterday, not the best protection against this new version of flu but better than nothing. First time I've ever got one, not that bad I'd say it was worth it my state is about out I was one of the last, lucky me! Also I was mentioned twice in lockergnome's windows newsletter for my comments on it department work and gifts I hope I get that mx700 I decided I want it wired is a pain and I'll have something else cool to brag about having. We'll see what all I get when x-mas comes :) (see below post) Have a nice weekend!

 urlLink What Does IXOYE Mean yes well the x in greek means christ. Thus x-mas is still christmas! haha glad I found this out hope you liked it, take that those of you using this as a derogatory term now you have to find something else, oh yeah holiday or winter I guess?

 urlLink Friday Five! yes so here it goes see the urlLink site for the questions I'm responding to. 1. From indoors and for short periods of time outdoors yes. Thank God for seasons however I couldn't deal with it for to long. 2. perfect? I dunno I would say with friends and those I am close to etc. out somewhere fun or at home enjoying decorations and some good movies perhaps? 3. Well my family and I eat our chrismas meal on christmas day about the same day with ham and the usaul, I hate pork (religious/health reasons) I convinced them not to have it this year! And opening gifts early in the morning most of us in pajamas I'm usaully dressed. we have two christmas trees, fake both of them, I'm gradually getting rid of the traditions good/bad? who cares I like it. :) 4. Yes I donate money and toys and books during this time of year I encourage others to do so. 5. I'm a very indecisive person I have a huge list but then I don't. I have things I wouldn't mind having but lately I've come to the conclusion none of it will benefit me much, none of it is useful its all dvds and video games :) I may get a few but I really don't care or have a list, its pissing off my parents. :) "Come on kid gotta be something you want!"

 urlLink We hate yep a blog dedicated to hating urlLink blogsforbush this includes me and in fact I believe my blog inspired this :( sorry guys.

 Question: should US allies who opposed the Iraq war get a chance at bids for reconstruction contracts? well at first I thought no, they opposed it they didn't help they still oppose it etc. I as of now have decided if they now are working with us and contributing funds then I'm cool with some countries france I'm still a bit upset but lets move on and get this done.

 urlLink Make-a-Flake - A snowflake maker by Lookandfeel new media Give this a try its a blast! I remember doing this with paper I've made a few I posted one under jd on the site today

 Mr. Gore has demonstrated that you dont necessarily have to agree with someone to want him to win the Democractic nomination, President Bush told reporters, And, believe me, though I dont agree with a word the man says, theres no one I want to see win that nomination more than Howard Dean.

 Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, I ask my readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush 2004 campaign. To do these things go to the urlLink official bush campaign site If you've already donated and volunteered for the Bush campaign, then talk to your friends and enlist them in this battle for America's very soul. If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And do e-mail polipundit at wictory@blogsforbush.com so that he can add you to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: see blogroll on right side of site.

 Miserable failure If you've entered this lately into urlLink google you found Bush's official bio on the urlLink whitehouse site I believe some liberal script kitties set this up, so many conservatives have started to do this and I feel like joining because I happen to agree here goes: urlLink The real miserable failure (Jimmy Carter)

 urlLink Home depot ticks me off, the employees suck they fixed that sort of at least for checkout with electronic self check out but thats annoying cause there isn't a mute button. I also hate the fact you buy two things supposed to be the same and they aren't and man I could just go on and on, I hate this store. Apparrently sean over at urlLink blogging.la does to. Join me (and others) in boycotting this craptacular store this holiday season.

 Christmas Tree Lights - December 9, 2003 Romans 15:11- people of all nations, celebrate God! All colors and races, give hearty praise! (The Message) We have decorated our Christmas tree for years with solid colored lights. For awhile, they were red. Then we switched to white. This year however, we decided to use the multicolored light strings for a little pizzazz! How I have enjoyed looking at these lights twinkling in the branches. They are a wonderful background, nestled in the branches, for the ornaments we have collected through the years. The multicolored lights remind me of God's children, born into different races, with a variety of skin colors, but united in love. God is the strand that holds us together, allowing us to illuminate this world with the love of Christ. In Psalm 133:1, King David wrote- "How good it is when brothers live together in unity." I pray that all of Gods children will unite in complete harmony someday- unbroken as these strings of Christmas lights-reflecting the radiant light of God's love- available to all. Noel, a reader of mine sent this to me good stuff.

 Gore to support Dean Thats what the news is saying on every channel and website. What about his old running mate lieberman what a shame he'd rather support the likely winner in hopes he will win then a friend someone he agrees with and supports, loyalty apparently not one of his traits its all about winning always. Should be official tommorrow.

 Dell responds to spyware complaints from callers,emailers,customers! To techies from around the world like those of us over at urlLink lockergnome I think largely lockergnome and its community was a huge part of this (me to! haha) however its only a first step the support is via software to remove the spyware and it costs you can buy it online from dell, how about some free software dell?

 On This Day In 1765, Eli Whitney, inventor of the cotton gin, was born. Cool also see the history channel's list of things that happened today, everyday! haha

 longhorn (next windows) in 2006? Sounds good lets hope security is much improved and the look is better and more features are certainly included.

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage Sounds good lets hope so! Yeah the new ones out in a little over a week can't wait.

 urlLink PCWorld.com - AOL Offers $300 PC With Subscription not a bad price for that pc but not for aol service buy a seperate machine skip the aol!

 The weekend was nice though cold. I heard on the radio cocoa is good for you and now apparently wine isn't, shrinks the brain. Constantly with such news who cares, back and forth drink what you like! Again I'd like to encourage donations except this time I recommend books nothing better than encouraging reading something not much of is being done, maybe volunteer to teach kids to read and to read to them? I'll be doing some of this, I hope you will to.

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho great article, good man. Glad I read this do so please.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Raw Data: Libya's WMD Agreement good news. very good news lets just hope it all works out smoothly and no lying takes place etc. now for this and other countries etc.

 urlLink For Mel Gibson's 'Passion,' Praise From a Tough Critic (washingtonpost.com) this is a great endorsement! And I can't wait to see the film!

 urlLink Friday Five! five favorite beverages:diet mountain dew, diet dr pepper, tea/green tea, h20(I drink this one mostly) sprite and coffee also on fave list. five favorite sites: urlLink biblegateway , urlLink lockergnome , urlLink foxnews , href="http://google.com">google/googlenews , and urlLink techtv a number of blogs. five favorite snack foods:apples, danish cookies, milky way candy bars, peanuts (no salt thanks), popcorn (natural no salt or butter) five favorite board games:monopoly, trivial pursuit numerous editions, cranium, risk, civilization. five favorite pc/console games? well currently I'd say these: animal crossing (gamecube) urlLink nationstates online pc game, shenmue series (xbox.dreamcast) halo for pc or xbox, lots of classic titles and most of the stuff in the lockergnome arcade is good. :)

 Wesley Clark is a spammer! everyone hates spam. Bad move wes bad move. Thats all I need to say. see blogsforbush for some coverage. note:I have not recieved his spam letter but friends have and I have recieved it via a forwarding. Also urlLink blogsforbush mentioned in urlLink washingtonpost cool :)

 urlLink Your Christmas Tree my current favorite moblog as soon as I can I'll post my tree(s) I just need the address to email to. Anyway also try this neat quiz on emode called what's your signature city I came out with seattle. let me know what you get :)

 USA not happy with ban of religious symbols/clothing in public schools in France Rise of atheism!:( Anyway this in a way is good at least instead of just banning christianity they banned all religious things here we just try to snuff out christianity (ny city schools recently in news allowed ramadan and hannukah but no christmas) If your going to ban, ban it all! I'd much rather all be allowed. Wal mart (evil!) is opening its music store its all over the news today, who cares. Its no good. Itunes is the best and will be most successful. I hate walmart the stores are huge they should pass out maps. Not to mention the quality of its products is horrible. And I swear you go to this store you buy tons of junk you don't need. Also Bush is to be awarding some purple hearts to some troopers. And about this Hinkley being removed, the man who attempted to assasinate President Reagan. To do what he did proves he had/has issues he's been in jail awhile I think he should stay until he apologizes to this country and the family he hurt then maybe he can be released. If released (he may have been already as of this writing) he should and likely will be closely watched.

 Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, I ask my readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush 2004 campaign, if they haven't done so. And, if you've already volunteered and donated, then get a friend to join you. Do all this through the official urlLink George Bush site If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesday simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And do e-mail me so that I can add you to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be a part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs:see blogroll on right side of site.

 urlLink MSNBC - Bush signs anti-spam bill into law I doubt this will work well but it may help and if enforced may get some of these creeps arrested and punished. Legit spammers will be made and people will be able to reduce spam from some of the spammers out there. Nice step not enough. Really its something that can't be stopped or well controlled it will and does come down to the end user you and me and the ISPs dealing with it by blocking and sifting through etc. We can dream and strive to improve however.

 More consumer commentary from me. Well I am constantly working on things so home improvement stores are a must, I tried lowes this time home depot I'm just sick of. Anyway I was pretty pleased they had some hard to find top quality products and lumber etc. Some stuff was cheaper than homedepot but more than half of the stuff I'd say was more. I liked the fact the store was small and yet not overcrowded and the employees were kind and helpful. lowes from now on? We shall see but I will pretty much forever dislike home depot. And walmart and.... oh and Text America yes well I've been awaiting their upgrade for my private pic site it has come but now images are unavailable! lets hope they finish the upgrade and work out the corks.

 urlLink France, U.S. Agree Must Cooperate to Rebuild Iraq (washingtonpost.com) good to hear. Also urlLink foxnews pulled off an interview with Hans Blix today as well.

 urlLink Project Gutenberg celebrates 10 years today and has launched a special CD with 10,000 titles on it get it all on the web and hey perhaps help out with the project or donate? :) read a few books from this site myself, I love it and it can only get better with newer releases.

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage I saw this while watching tv it was way up. good things

 I'd say this whole saddam being captured thing will help Bush a bit but not hugely with the elections, it will and has hurt dean and the others a good deal I'd say. Again glad we caught him and its now being said he could go on trial in a few weeks! I suppose international is good but iraq should play a major part and it should take place there hell Iraq should be the major part of this everyone else is second but sure get the international community involved.

 urlLink President Bush Addresses Nation on the Capture of Saddam Hussein I'd say that was well done. As for what should be done with saddam I say let the iraqi's decide.

 oh man some great news on a sunday, saddam captured! Its all over the web and tv and radio you can't miss it. Merry christmas!

 "Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising every time we fall." -Confucius

 "We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are." - Anais Nin

 Dean religious? Sure Jesus like dean and liberals supported and still supports (or suddenly changed his mind?) abortion,drugs, all things secular. He is nothing but a wishy washy person who lacks beliefs and well is a hypocrite.

 urlLink The Onion | 17 December 2003 | What Do You Think? well better the boy is reading ann's book than doing anything else in the bathroom. :) Conservative games? well they're plenty most games are fine if you leave out the grand theft autos. Rebelling against the rather popular liberalism perhaps but it depends many will do the oppossite. I've seen this in the news alot, guess I'm a statistic?

 Ok well now for reading what am I reading? well I'm reading Eragon the first of the inhertiance trilogy which seems promising the book is good lets hope the other two are and come soon. Also to be read soon:Jennifer Government which has spawned a rather fun game: urlLink nationstates

 Hope everyone had a merry christmas and will have a great new year. This is the last urlLink friday five till the new year so here goes. My holiday is fine so far I have recieved some great gifts, ate myself sick, and now have time to enjoy my family and gifts all the further till the new year in which I return to my work. :( 1. What was your biggest accomplishement this year? I'm really not sure, I did alot of things. I'm pretty pleased with the new roof and garage doors I had/helped put in on our property. Those were my big things pretty much. 2. what was your biggest dissapointment? hmm... so many. Lack of family this holiday season bugs me a bit. The unrest in the world, lack of unity and such is a big let down. 3. what do you hope the new year brings? Success in all things I do or at least close, happiness for myself and all. Success in iraq. Unity. 4. will you be making new years resolutions and if so what? yes I always do :) I'd say my list is this:get in better shape and maintain that. Succeed with my work excellently so. Overcome all obsticals that popup out of nowhere. All obsticals. 5. plans for new years: stay home and listen to music maybe watch some news coverage of the day. Not much going on out here and I'm to young to do any partying really.

 Terror alert raised to high! this happened yesterday, lets hope and pray nothing happens and have a safe and happy holiday. urlLink Time has chosen the american soldier (inclusive) as the person(s) of the year good choice as much as I hate violence and war the current is a must and is for the better and without these brave people (far more than I) safety would be worse than it is and a move towards peace, safety,freedom, improvement would not be taking place.

 Music? I love the stuff lots of the holiday stuff like maheim steam roller and the transyberian orchestra are great for this time of year. I also am enjoying the new urlLink bare naked ladies cd "everything to everyone" and urlLink hoobastank's new cd "the reason" are great if you want tunes next for some books I got a few I'll recommend soon. :) Oh and I need to comment on some of the sites linked to in the blogsforbush blogroll no I don't enjoy all of them myself either don't mistake their opinions or general beliefs or much of anything with mine.

 Presidential hopeful Howard Dean, who accuses President Bush of being weak on homeland security, was warned repeatedly as Vermont governor about security lapses at his state's nuclear power plant and was told the state was ill-prepared for a disaster at its most attractive terrorist target. The warnings, according to documents obtained by The Associated Press, began in 1991 when a group of students were brought into a secure area of the Vermont Yankee nuclear plant without proper screening. On at least two occasions, a gun or mock terrorists passed undetected into the plant during security tests. hmm....

 Journalism Awards 2003 Best newspaper: I read many and have no favorite. washington post and my local paper does a decent job. best tv station: urlLink fox news though they could do better with less wacko jacko and the like best radio show: urlLink Bill Oreilly's radio factor best site on the web: urlLink Drudge report best magazine: newsweek and usa today tie in my book. Best blog(s) so many and I have no particular favorites though I'd say the urlLink blogsforbush has some good material on its site and some great member blogs but plenty of the stuff there I admitedly dislike. worst newspaper: New york times, Jayson Blair and oh so much more! worst tv station: msnbc not much to watch on here so boring lack of coverage, good coverage just a lame station overall. No matter it gets the least viewers. worst Radio show: Savage nation with Michael savage horrible book to. worst website: moveon.org is a site I think fits this award. ok its not realy journalism but still a website. worst blog(s): to many. yes even worse than mine exist :) just keep an I on blogger.com's update list tons of crap available. worst magazine: any tabloid or celebrity mag

 urlLink the friday five Enjoying it. School starting again I'm not really looking forward to it but its the weeks biggest thing. hmm... Finishing my first year of highschool and well. otherwise I have no particular plans or hopes. next five? Graduating and maybe starting college my life? how about living a good one, enjoying it and being able to look back and have done the right things and be fondly and well remembered.

 Randomness why the hell isn't Tim Burton's Big Fish in theatres in my area! Man :( The film looks great. I love Burton I recently bought the special edition of nightmare before Christmas an old fave of mine as a kid funny thing is you can be in your 40's and its still a good watch. Anyway I also thought I'd plug my favorite shave I've tried a ton and found this to be my fave Gillette Mach 3 turbo you get your vitamin E which is good for you, a real close and comfy shave and easy reloading god its awesome try em I guess they are expensive but once you try em you'll be buying em. :) Have a nice weekend

 urlLink Seattle Post-Intelligencer: AP - High-Tech

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - America's Obesity Problem Spurs Debate obesity sure isn't healthy and its not a disease though certainly genes play a huge role everyone is different and has a certain level of health they should be at most aren't maintaining we all need to work on this and improve ourselves and our health.

 Happy New Year! urlLink Blogs for bush is back up and better than ever! And was also recently mentioned in Usa today so check this out:http://www.usatoday.com/tech/news/2003-12-30-blogging-usat_x.htm

 urlLink Coalition of Immokalee Workers - Boycott the Bell! check it out this is messed up stuff right here and I say boycott! Attend rallies if you can or start some. And try emailing taco bell via feedback planet you can get tons of info here. I have already done so you can also contact your senators and governor via planet feedback stand up!

 Wictory Wednesday! Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, I ask my readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush 2004 campaign. If you've already donated and volunteered for the Bush campaign, then talk to your friends and enlist them in this battle for America's very soul. Do so at urlLink George's official site If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And do e-mail polipundit at wictory@blogsforbush.com so that I can add you to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: see the blogroll on the side of this page or the blogsforbush site which currently is just the blogroll. Don't worry urlLink blogsforbush.com will be back up soon fully.

 Mad cow disease Never been a better time for organic. So I just thought I'd say what I felt on the topic which is the government should and is looking into all this and I'd like to see some tighter regulation of meat such as beef, even if prices do go up better to be safe. And I'd like until investigations are complete and this is gotten hold of and better worked with from here on out I say we stop exporting our beef which I believe we have done.

 Finally saw the return of the king but I must say I was disappointed it was well so-so I'd say a 3 of 5 score. It just went on and on and the way it was setup and worked out... a shame it could have been a bit better. I guess I join the critics in my review.

 Krispy cream and mad cow disease Good topics for a sunday. well as you know krispy cream has headed west to my area I finally tried the place and I must say.... they're horrible. Way to sweet and expensive and something about the machinery involved just seems unnatural. And as for this mad cow stuff well I live near the issue very near so I of course have stopped better for you to eat less beef anyway I'm curious why so many still take the risk and why so many blindly trust the government.

 urlLink CNN.com - Soros, groups target Bush - Dec. 26, 2003 :( it won't work though it will have some effect but not enough a democrat won't win because of these guys but they will have helped. And he doesn't care about the process just what he believes and what he wants. Shame all this is a shame.

 Christmas awards! Best CD ( I got a few) I'd have to say hoobastank's the reason. most practical gift(S) Old school shaver but with gel and 3 trac by schick its nice, and a 30 pack of CD-r's best game: board or PC/console would be well I dunno I didn't get any outrageously good ones sadly but they're all ok, instead of game how about console? I'd say my new gba sp best clothes: comfy pajamas and such for relaxing during the cold winter months that continue. best book: well that was given to others besides me? Who's looking out for you by bill O'reilly forget all those help books by Dr Phil and the like (phonies) this book will help you help yourself, help you decide who is looking out for you and who isn't its a must buy for yourself or friends that's why I gave it as a gift to several folks. My favorite book I received is the new hit Eragon. Hope you had a merry Christmas I did thanks. :) others: cash and lots I now need to decide what to do with I think some donations and practical things will do that I actually need. As for religious parts of this holiday well no one around me really is I got a nice card that dealt with religion which is the topic of this holiday but otherwise it was typical secular day with lots of items. Consumerism is great. Makes the rich richer and breaks you. Oh well now to move on.

 Site update New features and old have been added and or re added and improved. I have comments back up but with a different and perhaps better system:haloscan. I also have added a translation feature which translates into 8 different languages. You can also still sign up for my posts to be emailed to you just let me know and I'll add you to my subscription list. Perhaps more to come. And please when using comments no offensive discussion or words. Also archives should be back up as well archived weekly.

 urlLink President's Radio Address

 urlLink frankenlies.com ... lies franken book liar good site very good site!

 urlLink MATT DRUDGE // DRUDGE REPORT 2004 :)

 urlLink National Threat Level Lowered

 urlLink VOANews.com - Libya to Pay $170 Million Compensation for 1989 French Airliner Bombing

 I found this on urlLink Bill's site he has a new column to check out as well. This is a funny letter indeed :) Dear Bill: "My 8-day-old son watched the Factor with me last night for the first time. He didn't cry until Bill Maher came on." a viewer sometimes Maher is alright he's the left wing urlLink Ann coulter pretty much, who also has a new column up.

 urlLink Wired News: Child Porn Law Debated in Court well those statements were dumb the internet certainly involves free speech just like otherwise. However the aclu continues its evil demoralization of well everything its all going to hell in a handbasket. Since when is illicit pictures of innocent children free speech? Its disgusting, its abuse, its immoral. It will and does have huge affects and not for the better of any one. websites for sites to be reported and such need be existing so the sites can be shut down and these filthy pigs can be taken care of.

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage

 urlLink Dean Says Faith Swayed Decision on Gay Unions (washingtonpost.com) God didn't create gay people they make themselves or are influenced by others. Civil unions God would support because they are people to and deserve fair treatment not marriage because its a holy thing but a civil union I and I think God would be cool with.

 urlLink DRUDGE REPORT FLASH 2004 :(

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Fast Facts: Details of Proposed Immigration Changes fox has lots of coverage on this. I'm actually pretty pleased with this. I like the guest program and the way the "stealing american jobs" issue was dealt with. I still want this managed well so people don't stay without doing it the way its been done in the past. And if we regulate the companies we should make sure no abuse of these immigrants takes place

 urlLink 9/11 Memorial Design Selected (washingtonpost.com)

 Today is Wictory Wendseday So on this day I encourage you to volunteer or donate if you have do some more! If you haven't do so! :) Simply go to the urlLink official re-elect bush site and do so there. If you'd like to join the urlLink blogsforbush group send email to:wictory@blogsforbush.com and you'll be added to the group and can then participate and be on the blogroll which follows here src="http://rpc.blogrolling.com/display.php?r=b474ddee9cf5219bcd1c8f25f2b591 af">

 Snow And lots of it. We here in Idaho actually have a severe snow warning/flooding. Its beautiful but man its cold and the shoveling is a hell of a workout every hour or so. Its a pain to drive anywhere either. Hope it ends soon. I'm beginning to hate snow. First few days it was cool but not any more to much to cold. :(

 Hillary Clinton insults Ghandi and his people. by now you've seen this if not basically Hillary was trying to make a joke she later said and apologized for this generalization: "Ghandhi once owned a gas station!" most including myself respect this man and many do to a large extent and she directly insulted him and an ethnic group, last time I checked democrats/liberals were not to do such things it was well known they didn't. Not to mention she wouldn't and wouldn't support such a thing. She just did. lies. constantly with the lies. Bad joke. :( Here's the link: http://abcnews.go.com/wire/Politics/ap20040106_1188.html

 urlLink India, Pakistan to Hold Peace Talks (washingtonpost.com) more good news but lets just hope it turns out well.

 urlLink A Democrat breaks with tradition | csmonitor.com :)

 Bill Bradley endorses Dean Bill Bradley a senator who ran for president back in 2000 and lost is joining Al Gore in endorsing Dean. Does it matter? Well really it doesn't seem to be a big endorsement like Gore's or say a Clinton endorsement but it helps, ever little bit helps it certainly isn't a good thing he got this endorsement rather than another Democrat running. I like many want to see Dean run against Bush so I'm fine with the endorsement I don't consider it a good one cause I don't like the man much, but neither do I like Dean.

 Education The "Leave no child behind" act is under fire again by democrats who think it is better to simply throw money at problems than work to fix them. Sure some more money would be good for better text books and buildings etc. but making it with what most schools have can be done. Teachers need to work harder, schools do as well as parents parents must be involved I believe and must encourage and help and keep an eye on the kids and school. More money helps improve somewhat but will not fix the problem reform is needed new methods and harder work not more money.

 Bush and hitler connection? urlLink Moveon.org a liberal activist group has been posting video ads against bush a few of which compared him to hitler apparently he's a right wing fascist who murders millions. Once the ads got attention they were removed from the site. So you won't see them unfortunately the cowards took them down. They say it was to get people to think, ok and likely most came to my conclusion this is insane and total lies! He hasn't killed millions he's liberating millions and rid the world of an evil dictator, a true hitler if you will- saddam. Bush is no fascist or hitler replica he is a good honest kind and loving person these people are vicious, rude, and lying.

 quotes: faith and Patriotism Faith is the force of life- Leo Tolsoy He is not dead, that friend: not dead, But in the path we mortals tread, Gone some few, trifling steps ahead, and nearer to the end So that you, too, once past the bend, Shall meet again, as face to face, this friend you fancy dead- Robert Louis Stevenson The sun with all its planets moving around it, can ripen the smallest bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else to do. Why the should I doubt His power?- Galileo Here's one I rather like on patriotism sometimes people call me an idealist.Well, that is the way I know I'm an american.- Woodrow Wilson And one I did myself: Americanism is a question of principle, of purpose, of idealism, of character: it is not a matter of birth place or creed, or line of descent. JD

 Take a Journey of faith through the bible, in a year via email! Head over to urlLink coffeeswirls and sign up for his bible newsletter to read the bible in a year via email weekly also includes his comments or occasionally mine and yours. IN fact I have a little song/prayer in the newsletter as well

 urlLink The Joke Is on Liberals, Says Dennis Miller, Host of His Own Show Again A new show! well I enjoyed him on fox and sometimes on hbo though he's a bit to raunchy when given as much control as hbo gives.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Georgia Democrats Bolt Ranks to Support Bush this was to be expected, good to see as well.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Dean: Clark's a Republican from what I know of the man and think of him I'd call him one to up till now. Now I've decided he's more a conservative democrat. If you vote democrat he or gephardt would be good choices I'd say.Gephardt being my favorite, sorry Joe. Heck sorry all of you Bush is the best and according to approval ratings will win right now.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Braun to Quit Race, Endorse Dean took awhile but I mean come on she was last in polls with 0% there was no point to her running, to bad she endorsed Dean. :(

 urlLink President Bush Announces New Vision for Space Exploration Program

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Poll: U.S. Tepid on Bush's Space Plans this would be me. It sounds great and would/will be. But I think Bush is trying to leave something besides war in the text books about him. I also think this may be a coldwar type thing what with china and such getting involved with space programs. I'm not horribly interested and not sure its a great idea right now with the war and finances.

 Books Paul O'neil and "his" book: First of its not his book he didn't write it. Second its very convenient to have waited to say these things so as to cash in this is getting tons of coverage all I have to say is he's a weasel. Michael Savage's new book the enemy within like his last is in my opinion not a bad read I still think the guy is a little nuts and I'm pretty sure I always will but he has some points and if you want a full blown conservative he's one. I'm currently reading Max Barry's Jennifer Government which recently saw paperback release its an interesting and somewhat humourous book dealing with the future and capitalism and such. Its also sponsored a fun little game called urlLink nationstates I enjoy. And please any book recommendations would be great!

 urlLink WorldNetDaily: U.S. Castro backers squelch prisoners' plea

 Think President Howard Dean can't push through his massive tax hikes because of a Republican Congress? Think again. Most of the Bush tax cuts expire in 2006 and Dean will veto any attempt to extend them. Here's a urlLink calculator that can help you find out just how much Howard Dean's massive tax hikes will cost you every year. urlLink Try it . Then ask yourself how much you would be willing to donate to prevent Dean from ever becoming president. Today is Wictory Wednesday . Every Wednesday, dozens of bloggers, like myself ask their readers(you!) to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush 2004 campaign. If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And then e-mail wictory@blogsforbush.com so that you'll be added to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: see links on right side of site.

 urlLink WorldNetDaily: Poll: Bush beats Dean in California :) lets hope it ends that way.

 urlLink WorldNetDaily: Muslims  stand with democracy, not dictatorship!

 urlLink You Might Be a Leftist (If These Are Your New Year's Wishes)

 urlLink CNN.com - Dieters look for ephedra alternatives - Jan. 13, 2004 its a good thing ephedras off the market. But apparently people are just reaching for similar things its on the news and you'll see commercials peddling this junk to. Sure its tempting but most just help a little and think of side effects. People need to have a little will power, show some strength and do it themselves without a pill.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Spot Check - Spot Check please watch the add at the bottom its funny. :) Oh and yes foxnews has launched its you decide site/coverage its great and I'm enjoying it.

 urlLink Scouting Legal Defense Fund might wanna look into this thankfully mine does.

 urlLink Ananova - Burger King customers told: 'You are too fat to have a Whopper' :) hey its funny. Sure they shouldn't go unpunished but you have to admit that its creative and funny well by creative I mean they took a little time and thought to use technology to there advantage.

 see this blogsforbush article of quotes and also some more interesting material up there today. :) http://www.blogsforbush.com/mt/mt-tb.cgi/407

 Ralph Nader will make a decision as to whether to be an independent candidate for president by the end of this month If he does run it will be a good thing he'll just be taking away votes for liberals. Very interesting group he leads.

 urlLink SmilePop before I hit the road: enjoy! :)

 urlLink Free State Project ? Liberty in Our Lifetime

 urlLink CNN.com - Study confirms sleep essential for creativity - Jan. 21, 2004

 Don't expect much coverage I am currently on holiday and have been and will be till oh this weekend. I've already hit urlLink Winchester mansion and urlLink Hearst castle pictures will eventually be posted to dollins.textamerica.com my moblog :) maybe more as well coverage otherwise will be scarce.

 Wictory Wendesday Today is wictory wendesday so head on over to Georgewbush.com and volunteer or donate. Also try going to whitehouse.gov if you missed president Bush's state of the union his polls have gone up some and I'd say he did a good job. Also Dick Gephardt I say somewhat sadly has dropped out of the presidential race and Kerry won in Iowa also it seems Dean is going down in polls among democrats maybe it had to do with his idiotic response to losing in Iowa not to mention it was creepy.

 urlLink After abortion nice blog.

 Friday Five:If I won a million bucks who do you call first? hmm... family I guess or my significan't other girlfriend whatever I won't be winning for a few years at least to young to enter these things. First thing you buy for yourself? I'd buy whatever I needed most, a house or car nothing insane just nice and pay it off right away not just my house either I'd like to be sharing it :) First purchase for someone else? charity I would donate alot to charities honestly and something for family members and or whoever I'm with in life. Not sure who first really. The house could fall into this category. Do you give any away? To whom? yes I would. Probably schools, children overseas I'd sponsor a few just some good organizations that would use it well. Invest? no. urlLink Friday five every friday!

 I have been told that my bi-line was incorrect it turns out it was by Theodore Roosevelt when I stumbled acrossed it I saw only anonymous for this I apologize, thanks to a reader for pointing this out. I've decided to completely change the bi-line anyway. :) Archives are down as well sorry. And urlLink my rss feed is up and running!

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage :( my heart goes out to all those who suffer loss from this.

 Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates gives students some advice about getting the most out of school. High school is the time where to learn about a lot of different things, and to learn how to learn. It's important to build a strong foundation for the years ahead, and it's essential to finish. "I actually don't know any high school dropouts," says Gates, "let alone any successful ones." Thats motivating really it is but some extra advice don't be like him in everyway strive to be him only to an extent, no monopoly more charity maybe?

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage well this is a good step making people aware and helping them know what to do before infection to avoid it and after infection to remove. I've noticed in the last two days my isp caught 7 emails virus. :(

 Kerry won last night and it really seems he is the likely frontrunner which bush and his crew likely don't like Dean would have been better I to would have liked it the other way, kucinich is staying in which I guess is admirable stupid but admirable. And Dean is just losing his success I guess we just have to keep an eye on all this. urlLink pcworld by the way has an article up on evoting you may want to read.

 urlLink A Campaign Against Hillary Clinton For President hmm.. :) sure its a bit rude and all but makes some points and laughter.

 Wictory Wednesday Here are just a few of the votes John Kerry has cast in his long, shockingly liberal US Senate career: Voted against funding our troops in Iraq, one of only twelve senators to do so. Voted for at least seven major reductions in defense and military spending. Voted repeatedly to slash the budgets of intelligence agencies by billions of dollars. Voted for the largest tax increase ever. Voted for the death tax. Voted against a Balanced Budget Amendment at least five times. Voted for a 50-percent increase in the gas tax. Voted against a ban on partial-birth abortion at least three times. Voted against the Defense of Marriage Act, one of only fourteen senators to do so. Voted against requiring parental notification for minors' abortions. Voted against mandatory sentences for drug dealers. Voted to filibuster President Bush's judicial nominees. Voted against the death penalty for terrorists and cop killers. According to Americans for Democratic Action, the premier liberal rating group, Kerry's voting record is more liberal than Ted Kennedy's. In addition to the above votes, Kerry was a radical Vietnam war protester, has called for "almost eliminating CIA activity" and wanted US troops "dispersed through the world only at the directive of the United Nations." This country cannot afford a Kerry presidency. Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, dozens of bloggers ask their readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush 2004 campaign. If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And then e-mail wictory@blogsforbush.com so that you'll be added to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: see side panel's blogroll.

 Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one. - Thomas Paine My qoute of the week.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Teenager's Conservative Club Causes Uproar well what he said was a bit harsh but keeping out as many of the criminals as we can is far from a bad thing and conservative groups should be allowed conservatives need to quit calling liberals nuts and liberals need quit calling conservatives nazi's neither is true.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Seattle Schools Learn Money Doesn't Buy Grades ha!

 urlLink Tech News Watch - Channels - Lockergnome I wish they'd done this sooner but this certainly will get me in more of their hotels. Right now I stay at holiday inns which charge 10$ for net access :( I look forward to this and yes I'm back!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: President's Weekly Radio Address

 urlLink IHT: Dave Barry: To infinity and beyond! Bush's mission to Mars yeah I have a dentist visit soon to. haha this was funny give it a read.

 urlLink USATODAY.com - 'Passion' scene cut, but debate simmers I think they should have left that in or at least put it on the dvd in the form of an unedited release. The film comes out feb. 25th in which shortly after I hope to see it and comment on it looks to be a good film.

 Happy Birthday to Ronald Reagan who turns 93 today.

 urlLink Friday Five 1. Most daring thing you've done? Hmm.. lots of things involving school. Like moving my desk to the window because I liked it there. Or a few other things I could mention involving me and the opposite sex in school but I won't go there. 2.What one thing would you like to try that your mother/friend/significant other would never approve of? It'd be something could. Joining a protest or going on a missionary trip maybe. Or one thing they don't want me to do is travel so any of the two would work but the best one would be simply traveling, Europe or Japan would be good. 3. On a scale of 1-10, what's your risk factor? (1=never take risks, 10=it's a lifestyle) 5 I stay safe yet daring not to much of either just to enjoy myself and be safe. 4. What's the best thing that's ever happened to you as a result of being bold/risky? Getting to enjoy a seat with a window, or getting a girl to laugh etc. 5. Getting in trouble for moving my desk from my group (I seperated myself and sat next to the window funny thing is it took hours for her to notice) or getting slapped by a girl for something. I get that alot.

 William Gibson's Pattern Recognition Is out on paperback I just picked it up from the library (to cheap to buy it) he's a great author and this looks to be a good book I'll let you know for sure but its pretty much certain so just pick it up! See his site to if you like he hasn't been blogging for awhile but there is still some stuff there of interest: urlLink william gibson books Now off to read don't expect much coverage of anything I'm busy :) (not just reading)

 urlLink Telegraph | News | Blair named for peace prize congrats Mr.Bush and Blair!

 urlLink TV Watch | Superbowl: After Flash of Flesh, CBS Again Is in Denial public television is no longer safe for kids, sports even! Come on lets keep at least the superbowl pg so families and kids can enjoy it as well! Lets even try a little harder and keep public tv pg! Who's with me! :(

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Md. Gears Up for Primary Test of Voting Machines I think these machines are great it will help out with speakers of languages other than english and people who can't read can listen so many benefits but good security and a paper trail would be a good idea, of course this could be used to save paper also without a paper trail. hmm..

 urlLink President's Radio Address

 urlLink Happy Valentine's Day!

 Home schooling Its great. I had no idea there were so many homeschoolers though, at least so many with blogs but I've found quite a few. May be hooking up with a few of the conservative types soon you know "networking" haha. Anyway I was thinking about the program I use urlLink AOP makes, Switched on School house its pretty great and I hear they may be getting away from windows a bit soon. I'd like to see more customization and maybe links that work (mine don't at least I need to get that solved) and the video player though improved could use bigger viewing size and quality and biggest of all the ability to fast forward and rewind. I hope its better next year and I can get these links to work. And now back to work, oh and no friday five from me today I didn't care for this weeks edition much.

 urlLink GeorgeWBush.com :: Video Launcher the video. Brutal but it makes a point and its fair game. Give it a watch.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Clark Dropping Out finally this well made sense. Now whats up with Kucinich? Crazy little guy :) haha well lets see what happens next.

 Wictory Wendesday President Bush will have an enormous fundraising advantage over John Kerry, right? Wrong! Kerry has opted out of the public financing system, which means he can raise and spend as much money as he wants. Now that the primaries are almost wrapped up, who do you think Howard Dean and Wesley Clark's supporters will turn to? All those latte-drinking, sushi-eating, Volvo-driving, NPR-loving liberals will dig into their wallets and give until it hurts to John Kerry. And that's not all. Ultra-liberal special interest groups will raise as much as $400 million (!!) from limousine liberals like George Soros, who has already given at least $15 million and plans to give more. Not to mention all the harsh criticism of conservative politicians and policies that will inevitably flow from the lying liberal media. Against this frightening arsenal, all Republicans have is you, the individual small-donor. Millions of such donors enable the GOP to be competitive, despite a barrage of paid and free media spreading liberal lies. Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, dozens of bloggers ask their readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush 2004 campaign. If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And then e-mail wictory@blogsforbush.com so that you'll be added to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: src="http://rpc.blogrolling.com/display.php?r=b474ddee9cf5219bcd1c8f25f2b591 af">

 urlLink CNN.com - Report: Americans need to shake salt habit - Feb. 11, 2004 no really!? Come on the stuff is not good for you so put down that salty box of mcdonald's fries and or salt shaker at the dinner table! Now to convince some others in my family, I've never liked salt much. OH and in other health news... the all mighty atkins diet everyone seems to be on these days, the founder I discovered died of heart issues and a weight of:258 or so. hmm...

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho I pray it stays exactly where it is. Just because some extremists show up and want to put up a hateful monument does not mean something as wonderful as the ten commandments should be removed, or that everyone feels as they do many if not all Boiseans feel otherwise. This is history, this is a guide of morals even if you aren't religious or christian for that matter how can you be against a set of morals? Let them stay lets hope at the least they stay available to the public somewhere.

 urlLink Where's George? ? 2.0 neat and fun. I located a few and stuff I also entered two new bills, try it out. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Six U.S. Governors Visit Iraq my governor Kempthorne is over there :) In other local news the people of my city, Boise have spoken and it now looks like our ten commandments located in a nearby public park will now stay that is if the government listens to the people.

 tech time! Need to clean up your drive for some space and a healthy drive right? Of course so I recommend a new program called: urlLink clean center its great it has a nice look and easy to use interface plus it does a good job and takes up little time and space to download and install the trial at least which so far I like I've tried a few of these programs and this is my fave of about 5 I've tried. It will cost you 30$ after 45 days I'm not sure I like it that much but we shall see or at least I shall, go try it now. :) Also looking for a good program to block porn or anything inappropriate on the web? From your kids or for yourself? Try urlLink we blocker its simple to use and lets you set it up by age and what things you want blocked like language, porn, violence etc and to what degree as well as allowing certain sites and such manually. Its free to and the best yet. And of course with viruses like mydoom out and about and now its new friend or younger sibling doomjuice you need at least avg 6.0 free edition from urlLink grisoft for virus protection and removal :) Now on to a better defrager than what windows offers, I'm open to recommendations for sure, thanks!

 urlLink CNN.com - AP: Kerry earned $120,000 in speaking fees - Feb. 9, 2004 oh yes wonderful. Bush lies? How about this guy, hypocrite and liar not to mention a mooch and he has done full 180's on all of his past positions. :(

 John Kerry: candidate for change Voted for No Child Left Behind: now opposes it Voted for the PATRIOT Act: now opposes it Voted for war in Iraq: now opposes it Voted against Operation Desert Storm in 1991: now supports it "Opposes special interests": accepted more lobbyist money than ANY OTHER senator in the last 15 years If we want a weathervane president, he's our man. He's got a good economic plan though: just marry a rich heiress - TWICE! "Opposes special interests": accepted more lobbyist money than ANY OTHER senator in the last 15 years taken from: urlLink americanbeacon and or urlLink Blogsforbush very good.

 Grammys I missed most of it. But what I saw was well.. lame. It wasn't focused on the awards and entertainment but politics which I expected. Coldplay who's music I enjoy said hopefully kerry would be our next president. Some business type got up and started bashing the war saying music education was more important sure its nice but I'd rather be safe to learn period and help people out who have even less, lets stop bitching and be thankful for what we do have and try to give some of that to others like those in Iraq. I also like warren zevon and the white stripes. Outkast's performance was just strange heh. Largely it was just boring.

 urlLink Wired News: Popping Pills in Preschool if an adult is dumb enough to fall for this trash then fine but leave kids alone quit shoving pills down their (our) throats! A kid shows a sign of life he moves he doesn't want to hold still he or she shows a sign of creativity they are immediatly given a pill to take that all away it sickens me let them (us) be kids god how sickening we medicate everything enough with meds already not everything can or should be medicated!

 urlLink President's Radio Address quick note Mr and Mrs Bush's dog, spot has passed away. :(

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Nader to Jump in Presidential Race not good for the dems.

 urlLink Friday Five When was the last time you... 1. ...went to the doctor? January. For my 6 month check up, perfectly healthy! 2. ....went to the dentist? Just recently for a check up I believe in January as well first time in my life I've ever had cavities which have now been filled :( 3. ....filled your gas tank? Beginning of this week pretty much every week or every two weeks. Not mine but the one I ride in driving is soon to come for me however! :) 4. ....got enough sleep? Always do! Just last night slept a good 9 hours. 5. Daily I back up my schoolwork at the end of the day. Other less important stuff is weekly or so. yay its the weekend! Have a good one. :)

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Hating Mel

 urlLink David Crawford - SMS

 urlLink CNN.com - Group proposes rebuilding Twin Towers - Feb. 19, 2004 the families and people of new york should decide. I myself would rather a monument be left there and the building be built, differently elsewhere and somehow still also note 9/11.

 urlLink BBC NEWS | World | Middle East | Warm welcome for Japan's Iraq troops yes this is good I'm very glad to see this. But the man speaking of the usa as he did we aren't perfect we can't help everyone and we aren't taking anything away :( that right there hurt and saddens me. Guess we need to try harder and certainly we and the rest of the world need to do so.

 urlLink BBC NEWS | Middle East | UN rules out poll before Iraq handover

 urlLink Help Save Marriage! Sign a federal marriage amendment petition

 urlLink CNN.com - Google adds 1 billion pages to search - Feb. 18, 2004 not to mention google seems to have a slightly new look to. Nice so far I think I'll stick with google but we shall see.

 urlLink CNN.com - Dean site: Campaign suspended - Feb. 18, 2004

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Bush 'Troubled' by Gay Marriages

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Kerry Wins Again; Edwards Not Far Behind I actually wasn't as surprised as everyone else it turned out the way it did with Edwards and all.

 If you have any doubt that the lying liberal media will do everything they can to defeat President Bush, you only have to look at their handling of the Democrats' vicious AWOL slander against the president. The lying liberal media dragged the story out for days and, even now, refuses to believe the president. That's just a preview of what will be the nastiest presidential campaign ever. And the elites will all be arrayed against the forces of conservatism. But that doesn't mean we're going to lose. You have the power to affect how people vote. Every small contribution of time or money that you make can swing a few votes. Together, we can make the difference in states like Florida. Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, dozens of bloggers ask their readers to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the Bush 2004 campaign. If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And then e-mail wictory@blogsforbush.com so that you'll be added to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: see right hand side of this site.

 urlLink IT Manager's Journal | Commentary: Online voting? Of course it can work real democracy if you get rid of the whole senate and such and do as he wishes which sounds ok by me. This sounds great to me anytime long lines and a trip downtown or something is fine in my book and the money saving, increased turnout man!

 urlLink GeorgeWBush.com :: Block Party Event new feature on Bush's site another way for supporters to get together.

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho and it continues. Glad to see this just wish more would get involved. Wish I could make it down there at least once for awhile.

 urlLink Christ's Passion a great article on the upcoming film and the topics and controversy that surrounds it. Our daily bread is a great devotionaly by the way.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - 'Rolling Thunder' Show Takes Jabs at Bush like franken's books which do nothing but insult, hate, and smear this show will be. :(

 urlLink CNN.com - Day 5 of same-sex marriages under way - Feb. 16, 2004 I am opposed to gay marriage that is well known but I don't care all that much what people do in private its there business and I'm fine with civil unions. Heres what I'm currently ticked off about and thats this: what is happening in San Franfreako is against law the mayor and those participating in this are outside the law they should be punished these "liscenses" shouldn't be recognized should be taken away and the mayor should be arrested and impeached.

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - The Press is a Weapon of Mass Destruction a little something for the liberal press and My friends over at urlLink PYS

 urlLink CNN.com - Bush repeats support for school vouchers - Feb. 13, 2004 President Bush, celebrating the nation's first federally funded school voucher program set up in the District of Columbia, said Friday he hopes it will turn into "change across the country" in education." As do I.

 urlLink The 'Passion' for Evangelism

 urlLink USATODAY.com - Dean's national campaign chair is out

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Foxlife - Fox411 - Gibson's Price for 'Passion': Maybe $50 Million comes out soon tickets are selling like crazy in freaking advance! It will probably be awhile before I see it and even then it will likely be crowded.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Transcript: Howard Dean on 'Fox News Sunday'

 urlLink President's Radio Address

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Law, Order and the Left great article, good point. Hypocrisy!

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho I'll be one of the guys taking off his glasses the film seems to be doing well I'll have to at least go see the places its showing and get some tickets for a later time maybe I'd love to see it today hmm..

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Kerry Wins Utah, Idaho and Hawaii yep he won the democrats of my state as I expected he and edwards were the only active ones here and it was no big deal. Kerry actually owns a home here in Idaho near ketchum heh.

 urlLink John Kerry for President? You Must Be Joking nice site if I say so myself don't get me wrong I'm not a french hater and the un if it was as it was to be I would support. Check his site before you make any decisions, and of course have some fun and find more reasons not to vote kerry.

 Media update Books Currently/recently read/reading: Pattern Recognition by urlLink William Gibson was a good read, now in paperback. Just picked up Sean Hannity's new book, but have yet to read it should be pretty good though. Music: Lost prophets have a new cd out entitled "start something" its pretty good but get the import so you can enjoy the song, "we are godzilla you are japan" its not on the us release :( Incubus has a new cd out also which is pretty good as well beware these cds do contain some language and such. Good cds though I'd say. Dvd: lost in translation recently came out on dvd and is up for awards its a very good film worth owning I still need to buy it. Definetly watch this film. ANd out today is another fine film out today is matchstick men. I love entertainment every now and then I need to kick back I'm also looking forward to daft punk's interstella 555 anime dvd I just picked up, and uru I just got the demo maybe I will get the game if the demo is good and certainly I'm looking forward to urlLink the passion . For media related news and my comments etc. see urlLink jdtheotaku

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Raw Data: Text of Bush's Speech

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Priest Sex Abuse Victim Found Dead in Boston :( and the catholic church is seeing less attendance to and still has yet to deal with this issue. I've never attended and have always been a major well I'm not a fan thats for sure something about a church this big and so corrupt and poorly ran and so paganistic, not much to like. Sad stuff.

 urlLink CNN.com - Bush takes on critics, to launch TV ads - Feb. 23, 2004

 urlLink The Idaho Statesman - Always Idaho can't wait to see what happens here my state is mostly conservative but the capital is not so much. Now its time to see who wins Idaho.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Nader Won't Back Off Campaign

 URGENT PRAYER REQUEST! An urgent call has just been received from an Assistant Attorney General at the Department of Justice asking us to spread the word that Attorney General Ashcroft is in desperate need of prayer. They are asking all of us to get the word out to our churches and membership immediately. AG Ashcroft is in critical condition due to something called Gall Stone Pancreatitis. It is an infection of the pancreas due to a gall stone. You cannot live without your pancreas but the infection is so bad now that they cannot operate. Please pray that the infection will end and that the doctors can take care of the problem or just pray for healing. Jim Combey has been sworn in as the acting Attorney General for now. from Conservativepetitions.com

 urlLink President's Radio Address

 IRAN -- (House of Representatives - March 03, 2004) http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/D?r108:3:./temp/~r108tMF0fC:: Congressman Andrews' House Speech on Iran [Regime Change] "What is the lesson of September 11? There are two lessons. The first is if you give terrorists sanctuary, they will exploit that sanctuary and, like a snake that is coiled in the corner, they will wait till precisely the right moment to strike. And the second lesson of September 11 is if you wait for the snake to strike, it always will. If our strategy in the face of this global struggle is to wait and see if terrorists who enjoy sanctuary will attack us, I do not think, Mr. Speaker, that is a question. I think history is conclusive on this point. If you wait for terrorists to attack you, they will. This is the context in which we must understand what is happening in Iran today and why it is important to the United States of America to rethink the way we approach this problem. "Iran is a place where terrorist organizations who disrupt the Palestinian-Israeli negotiations find refuge, find weaponry, find cash. It is a place where admittedly significant al Qaeda elements are present tonight. They found Iran to be a place that was a willing sanctuary for their activities. There can be no good inured to America's benefit from that sanctuary continuing. What do terrorists need? They need leadership. They need people who are willing to conceive of these terrible plans that spring from this awful wellspring of intolerance and hatred. They need personnel. They need to recruit young men and young women and, in some cases, children who are willing to put their own lives at stake to manifest that hatred by killing thousands of others. They need money and logistics to carry out their attack. They need weaponry, and they need sanctuary. I think it is indisputable that Iran is such a sanctuary. It is indisputable that if tonight the CIA, the National Security Agency, other U.S. intelligence operatives had information that there were terrorists at loose in Iran and they asked for the cooperation of the Iranian government, I think it is indisputable that at best, at best, we would get noninterference; at worst we would get active resistance. " "Mr. Speaker, if those same terrorists were loose in Jordan, the Jordanian government would help us. If those terrorists were loose in Kuwait, the Kuwaiti government would help us. If they were loose in Israel, the Israeli government would not need our help. They would just find them and take care of the problem. If they were loose in the countries of our European allies, I am quite confident that we would have the assistance of those allies, in South America, in the Philippines. Iran is a place where terrorists will find the medium in which their peculiar form of bacteria need to grow. " "For years, for 23 years, since the installation of the present regime in Tehran, the official party line was that the Iranian government was not interested in the manufacture of a nuclear weapon. In December of 2002, that all changed. Iranian dissidents who were fortunate to escape the country began talking to intelligence leaders around the world, and they talked with specificity. They talked about centrifuges, fissile materials. They talked about the enrichment of uranium. They talked about a program of plutonium separation that could lead to the manufacture of a nuclear bomb. And enough of them talked to enough people, and enough enlightened people paid attention, that in December of 2002, while our country was fixated upon the very grave question of what to do about Saddam Hussein in Iraq, while we were grappling with many other problems in our own country, in December of 2002, the government of Iran acknowledged that reports that it was building facilities capable of producing the fissile materials that would lead to a nuclear weapon were true. The Iranian government admitted this. After 23 years of deception, the Iranian government admitted that facilities at Iraq and Natanz in Iran were, in fact, facilities which were capable of producing the fissile materials necessary to make a nuclear bomb. The Iranians handed over files and files of documents that described what they had been doing over the course of more than 2 decades in the past. Those documents showed that the Iranians had engaged in a secretive uranium enrichment program over at least a 19-year period for which there could be no plausible explanation other than it was leading to the production of a nuclear bomb. The world was divided as to what to do about this, and the consensus on the International Atomic Energy Agency was that we should criticize the Iranians for what they had done and lied about in the past and then warn them not to do it again. Warnings like the ones we gave to the Taliban repeatedly throughout the 1990s not to cooperate with Osama bin Laden, warnings like we gave to Saddam Hussein repeatedly throughout the 1990s that he was to disengage his weapons programs and to leave his neighbors alone. Warnings. The warnings have not had the intended effect. "There would have been those who would stand on this floor 3 years ago and argue passionately that for us to aggressively pursue a policy of regime change in Afghanistan would be a gross overreaction. Why should we worry about a regime as weak as that one? On September 11, 2001, we got our answer. Regimes that harbor terrorists, regimes that have the capability of arming terrorists with nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, regimes that finance and facilitate terrorism, are a threat to the people of the United States of America. These regimes should not be negotiated with, they should not be heeded, they should not be abided. They should be replaced. Which American tonight would not agree that we would have prospered from regime change in Afghanistan 3 years ago? There is lots of dispute tonight as to whether we are prospering from regime change in Baghdad tonight. I certainly think we are. I think it is one of the reasons that Mu'ammar Qadhafi voluntarily surrendered his nuclear weapons, so he will not wind up living in a spider hole at the end of this year. "Regime change in Iran should be the policy of the United States of America; not negotiation, not cooperation, regime change. Regime change does not mean military action. Military action is the final step. Military action is the last, and, if necessary, essential step, if necessary, to regime change. " " I am not calling for the use of military force against Iran; I am calling for the concerted, coordinated use of this country's diplomatic, economic force to achieve a regime change in Tehran. I believe it is not only in the interests of human rights, of persecuted citizens of that country, it is in the interests of the national security of the United States of America. "The President of Iran got 77 percent of the vote in the popular election, but I think realistically he has zero percent of the power in that country. Instead, a council of elders, 12 men, 12, have effective control over the military, over the economic institutions of that country, over the meaningful ebb and flow of life in Iran. Even though those 12 have such control, they are wary, they are reluctant to even let the appearance of that control stray too far. "In the last month or so in Iran there were elections scheduled for the national legislative body of that country, and most outside analysts saw those elections as a struggle between the so-called more moderate liberalizing forces of the country and the more conservative cultural forces of that country. 3,600 candidates of the moderate persuasion were removed from the ballot by the council of elders. Twelve people, none of whom were elected, each of whom was appointed through the religious oligarchy of Iran, 12 people used their power to remove 3,600 people from the ballot. 1,000 or so were restored after huge public protests. " "So many Iranian Americans are engaged in conversations with their brothers and sisters and mothers and fathers back home. Iranian Americans make a magnificent contribution to this country every day, in our hospitals, in our universities, in our corporations, in our governments, in our military, and these loyal and patriotic Americans, who have had a taste of freedom, a taste of what it means to be respected for your religious differences and not reviled, they have spread the word of this intoxicating freedom to their loved ones back in Iran. Even though Iran is a place where you can be whipped for dancing at a wedding, even though it is a place where you can be beaten to death in prison for taking a photograph of a peaceful demonstration, it is a place where the rulers still cannot stop the flow of technology. The Internet, the fax machine, the cellular phone, these are the most powerful weapons against tyranny in the history of mankind. And even in a place like Iran, the leaders cannot make themselves impervious to the rush of truth that comes into their country in greater torrents with each passing day. I think that people in Iran are looking for a signal from the United States of America. They are not looking for weakness or ambiguity or vacillation. " "The United States has sent a powerful signal I think to the world by saying that we are willing to take on, with our allies, the difficult work of introducing that sacred gift of freedom to the people of Iraq. We should not be ambiguous in offering that same gift to the people of Iran. We should not, we should not, be engaged in any overt military acts, unless intelligence would warrant action to the contrary, specific intelligence. I repeat, I am not calling for a policy of military engagement against the Iranian government. But I am absolutely calling for an expression as clear as a bell that the freedom that we enjoy here, the freedom that we aspire to see the people of Iraq enjoy, is the freedom that we wish to see the people of Iran enjoy, and we will not be fooled or deceived by the false front of a faux democratic government. We will not relent in our opposition to that government's effort to build a nuclear bomb. We will not back down in the face of any international criticism as to the purity and import of this evil. " "It would be horribly wrong and horribly prejudicial to leave anyone with the impression that any significant portion of the 1 billion Muslims in this world are dedicated to the eradication of us and our way of life. They are not. It would be horribly wrong and horribly false to leave anyone with the impression that people of the Arab culture and descent or the Persian culture and descent are dedicated to the destruction of our way of life. They are most emphatically not. I believe that the vast majority of people of the Islamic faith, of the Arab and Persian ethnicities, wish to live in freedom and to celebrate diversity and to join the future, rather than wallowing in the past. But it is irrefutable that there is a force present in the world, a small but malignant force present in the world, that wishes to do us grave harm, that wishes to destroy our way of life and destroy the chance to spread our way of life to those in all corners of the world who would wish to enjoy it, and that force calls itself radical Islam. " "It is a perversion of the Islamic faith. It is a hijacking of that faith of peace. But it is what those who practice this poisonous attitude call themselves. And where they find sanctuary and where they find money and where they find weaponry and where they find personnel and where they find leadership, these are the places that will incubate the next September 11. There are really two views about terrorism in America, and they are not liberal and conservative, or Republican and Democrat, or military and diplomatic. The two views are these: Some people view terrorism as a series of essentially unrelated crimes; horrible crimes, but crimes that spring from independent criminals. With the exception of the link between the USS Cole bombing and the first World Trade Center and the second one, all of which can be attributed to al Qaeda, proponents of this view would argue that we need to react to each one of these isolated incidents by prosecuting those who committed the offense, shoring up our defenses so it cannot happen again. The other view of terrorism, which I hold and I believe that history teaches us is the correct view, is that these are not a series of isolated incidents; that we are engaged in a struggle between those who would destroy our way of life and those who would stand by us and protect our way of life. The most horrific example of that struggle was the one that he experienced in September of 2001. Shame on us if we do not learn from that example. If we draw the lesson that September 11 was about one terrorist organization operating out of one country that on one occasion was able to succeed in a massive terrorist attack against this country, we are misreading history to our great peril. If instead we understand what happened then differently, if instead we say that the lesson that we learn is that when you give terrorists leadership and personnel and money and weaponry and sanctuary, they will attack. It is not in our interest to make lists of countries that we want to attack. It diminishes our strength. It lessens our standing in the world, and we should not do it. But it is most emphatically in our interest to categorize and understand where the next sanctuary might be. Everyone in this Chamber wishes that he or she had the foresight to know that Afghanistan was such a sanctuary 3 years ago. We could have avoided a calamity of unspeakable proportions in this country. The issue tonight, Mr. Speaker, is where is the next sanctuary. I believe that the heroic actions accomplished by American troops and allied troops in Iraq has gone a long way toward removing Iraq as such a sanctuary. I am certain that the heroic efforts of our troops in Afghanistan have essentially removed Afghanistan as such a potential sanctuary. Tonight our attention should very much be focused on Iran as such a sanctuary. It is a state that is capable of imprisoning and beating innocent people for dancing and taking photographs. It is a state that for 23 years lied about its development of nuclear bombs. It is a state that is either trying to put a good-faith effort forward to stop its weapons program or trying to put the best face on an effort that really is not taking place as the weapons program continues. The lesson of September 11 is do not take chances on estimates. Act and make sure others cannot act against you. I believe that this country should engage in three steps immediately. First, we should unambiguously announce that the policy of the United States of America is to encourage regime change in Iran, by which I mean the Council of Elders that runs the country; and by which I mean the replacement of that Council of Elders with a truly representative group of people chosen by the Iranian people. The second thing we should do is fully enforce the Iran Sanctions Act passed by this Congress a few years ago. We should inventory every trade, aid, economic and regulatory tool at our disposal and use those tools. We should broadcast freedom into Iran more aggressively. We should break down the information barriers and tell young Iranians that we will be on their side if they rise up and fight for freedom. We should encourage the patriotic, law abiding citizens of this country who are of Iranian descent to become actively engaged in encouraging their brothers and sisters in their native land to make the regime change that will benefit them and us. The third step is that we should seek international cooperation on every level for this effort. It will not be easy. There will be those who will say this is yet another American overreaction, that this is a further policy of American unilateralism. We should never be unilateral. We should always seek the cooperation of allies. We should also understand the attacks that are launched by terrorists will be unilateral. They will have one target. They will start with the Israelis. They always do. But they will eventually get to the United States of America. We should ask for and actively seek the cooperation of our European and Asian friends in meeting these efforts. Frankly, the actions of the International Atomic Energy Agency have been very helpful in this regard. We should continue those efforts, but we should not make the mistake of assuming that their security risk here is the same as our security risk. When there is a demonstration sponsored by the medieval elements in a country like Iran, it is not the German flag that they burn. They do not shout death to Germany. They do not destroy likenesses of the Eiffel Tower or Big Ben. They burn the American flag. They smash likenesses of the American Capitol, and they clearly let us know that we are the ones who are in their sights. So be it. If we understand that we are the targets, then we must understand we have a special responsibility to act. I believe that this is a program for peace. I think the best way to achieve peace is to show those who would disrupt peace that you will not tolerate it. It is peace through strength, and after we have been lied to for 23 years about the creation of a nuclear bomb, a nuclear bomb which could be floated into the harbors of this country and used as a weapon of awful destruction against the people of America, after we have seen the torture against innocent people that takes place in Iran every day and is taking place tonight, I think the stakes are clear. If we are true to our conviction of peace through strength, we will make regime change the policy of the United States of America. Not through violence, not through attack, not through aggression, not through war. We should always reserve the right to act in our defense. But we should always understand that the best way to project our power is through our freedom, our economic might, our diplomatic credibility which sadly needs to be rebuilt in many ways. " "If we take decisive action and, among other things, if we pursue the policy of regime change in Iran, I believe that the likelihood of having another September 12, 2001, will diminish; and more importantly, the likelihood of a catastrophic repeat of September 11, 2001, using a nuclear weapon will diminish greatly. We owe our country nothing less. We owe the decent people of Iran nothing less; and we owe it to our sense of history to get this very important job done. "

 What was... 1. ...your first grade teacher's name? Ms. Cort not such a nice woman and in my opinion not such a good teacher either after her all my teachers were wonderful. 2. ...your favorite Saturday morning cartoon? On Saturdays? I can't remember a cartoon I watched on Saturdays I just watched cartoons throughout the week and I can only think of a few. I was usually outdoors as soon as the sun was up shortly after breakfast so whatever I watched was on pretty early. 3. ...the name of your very first best friend? Garrett in kindegarten used to go hang out on his families farm all the time we were good friends for several years. 4. ...your favorite breakfast cereal? As a kid probably lucky charms or something like that I liked all that junk cereal in the morning but usually got eggs or something more of a breakfast you know? 5. ...your favorite thing to do after school? During this past time period of my life I was as I said outside most of the time after school was no exception now where I live its kinda cold to be outside all the time and less country side to enjoy more city. But yeah after school I'd play outdoors 4th/5th grade I discovered a passion for videogames and usually had friends over to play the Nintendo 64 after school. Good times heh. To this day I enjoy a good game after school or a book maybe some TV (news) outdoors are enjoyed when this horrid cold weather goes away thankfully that is soon.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Ashcroft Hospitalized for Severe Gallstone Pancreatitis :( hope he gets well soon and all.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Poll: Most Israelis Want Sharon to Resign

 Bush draws a crowd http://www.dailytrojan.com/article.do?issue=/V151/N34&id=01-bush.34c.html By SHRADDHA JAISWALI President George W. Bush's visit to Southern California on Wednesday was marked by demonstrations from more than 130 supporters and opponents who packed onto the four corners of Jefferson Boulevard and Shrine Place in the early evening. The demonstrators, both for and against the president, waved signs and shouted slogans at the drivers passing the Shrine Auditorium where Bush was scheduled to speak at 5:35 p.m. With the clock ticking down to the November presidential election, Bush planned a three-day visit to California in hopes of raising funds for his re-election campaign. The anti-Bush corner was home to about 80 people of all ages waving signs reading everything from a general "Stop Bush" to the more specific "End Occupation in Iraq" and "Immigrant Rights." Many of the anti-Bush signs were provided by the Act Now to Stop War and End Racism organization, but they were joined by groups such as Code Pink, The Socialist Organization and Out Against War as well as by individuals simply wanting to be heard. Those gathered at the corner shouting against Bush's policies felt it was necessary to protest even at a fundraising event to open the eyes of Californians. "I hope to call attention to the fact that other people who think he should not be president will know they are not alone," said Eda Hallinan, a member of the women's peace group Code Pink. "Bush is probably the worst president this country has ever had," she said. "I think that we are so much worse off now than when he first took office, in terms of the economy and our own security." Along with the sea of anti-Bush posters, the protesters chanted their messages from a megaphone with sayings such as, "George Bush we know you your daddy was a killer too," and "Hands off Haiti." But despite the loud anti-Bush sentiments, Bush supporters were not deterred from standing their ground. The largest group of Bush advocates at the four corners was a group of Iranians waving flags and shouting praises of the president's international policies. "We're here to support President Bush because he's for democracy, not only in Iran, but around the world," said 59-year-old Reza Ershadi. Fellow conservatives praised the Iranian effort to support Bush saying that they were dedicated and knew that Bush could help them. "These guys have been here since 3 p.m.," said Ron Smith pointing to the Iranians. "Think about it, they've got family in Iran. They've got family right now in a brutal regime, and they're saying, 'well we appreciate what you did in Iraq, how about coming over here and helping us out in Iran.'" The topics of demonstration on both sides ranged from the war in Iraq, the issues in Haiti, and same-sex marriage rights. "People don't support a war in Iraq, but if you look at it, we've liberated an oppressed people," said Ryan Reid, a business administration student at USC. "Saddam Hussein, thank God we caught him. He's killed over a million of his own people since the 1980s, and these people obviously wanted to keep him in power. I think we did the right thing." While the conservative groups supported and even welcomed Bush's occupation of Iraq and his goal to "stop terrorism," liberal groups remained pessimistic about his true motives. "If you wait, Bush will take everything you have, and that's a guarantee. He will take your oil, he will take everything," said Lyzegte Blanco, a senior at Harbor College. "That's pretty much why we got Saddam Hussein out of office, because we wanted the oil. With Bush, there's always a hidden meaning." Blog Iran! http://www.activistchat.com/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=1540&postdays=0&postorder=asc&start=0 check out this forum thread while your at it

 The passion in public schools Apparently a school teacher showed clips of the film to a 6th grade class, so what of it? well I have nothing against it as long as its only for fair discussion not promotion of religion its like talking about politics and news in class it was legitimate to bring up although perhaps due to violence or possible opposition students and parents should have been made aware so as to not participate.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Bush 'Welcomes' Kerry Into Race

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - New Nickels About to Go Into Circulation

 urlLink GeorgeWBush.com :: TV Ads the stuff you'd expect in his tv adds and you get them. Very well done adds to. Check them out.

 Gay Marriage Finally some action! The attorney general in the new york town where gay marriage is taking place (not sure the name but its all over) the mayor of this town faces 19 charges. In other news it continues to spread this anarchy now its in oregon. Anarchy! Thats what we currently see thankfully its not spreading outside the area of marriage and thankfully some action is being taken civil disobedience is fine but you have to be punished.

 Wictory Wendesday Kerry was a radical, medal-throwing Vietnam war protester who did everything possible to undermine the war effort, even as our soldiers were being shot at. He accused them of committing genocide. He participated in a march where demonstrators threw their medals over the White House wall (Kerry, of course, threw away someone else's medals.) He worked with Jane Fonda to organize anti-war rallies. The organization he was a member of, Vietnam Veterans Against the War, took the American flag off its offices because its members were offended by the flag. Now this man wants to be the most powerful man in the world. He wants to be your president. And you know what's really scary? It could happen! Today is Wictory Wednesday. Every Wednesday, dozens of bloggers ask their readers to urlLink volunteer and/or urlLink donate to the urlLink Bush 2004 campaign. If you're a blogger, you can join Wictory Wednesdays simply by putting up a post like this one every Wednesday, asking your readers to volunteer and/or donate to the Bush campaign. And then e-mail wictory@blogsforbush.com so that you'll be added to the Wictory Wednesday blogroll, which will be part of the Wictory Wednesday post on all participating blogs: see side ->->->->

 Presidential Race Kerry won everything last night, well almost Dean finally won... Vermont. So kerry vs bush is now the case. Bush called kerry last night and congratulated him on his victory and we also learned yesterday rumors that cheney would not be Bush's vice president were put to rest when cheney said he is running with bush in 04 on urlLink foxnews speaking to Brit Hume. Oh and Edwards has dropped out as well so yeah. Now the battle begins and we look for kerry's running mate and of course all the other good stuff that will take place between bush and kerry.

 Blog Iran WASHINGTON -- The United States has found an extensive Iranian military presence in Libya. Western intelligence sources said a British-U.S. team that inspected Libyan facilities in late 2003 found evidence of nearly 100 military-related Iranian contracts in Libya. The sources said they include the development of missiles as well as conventional and nonconventional weapons. "Iran has used Libya as a laboratory for Teheran's defense industry," an intelligence source said. "The United States found evidence of Iranian involvement in virtually every major Libyan weapons program." Many of the Iranian projects in Libya focused on medium- and intermediate-range missile development, the sources said. They said a British-U.S. team that inspected Libyan facilities in October and December 2003 found an Iranian-built plant for the production of fuel for Libyan liquid-fuel missiles based on the Scud. from urlLink middle East News line Monday night, following the gruesome massacres in Najaf and Baghdad at Shiite holy places, Iranians took to the streets all over the country: Tehran, Isfahan, and Shiraz above all. The demonstrations had a double-pronged message. First, that the people care more about freedom than about the celebration of Ashoura, the grave day of mourning for the murder of Hossein, the grandson of Mohammed, and dozens of his followers. And second, to accuse the regime of having orchestrated the slaughter in Najaf and Baghdad. The first reports even suggest that some of the security forces were fighting on the side of the demonstrators, although such reports are often wrong. We and our policymakers should listen to these brave Iranian demonstrators, for they know more about their tyrants than our own experts. They know that the mullahs have organized massacres in the past in order to advance their own interests. This happened in the runup to the Revolution, when a movie theater was set on fire and then blamed on the shah's secret service, and then again a few years ago when a Shiite shrine was bombed and then blamed on opponents of the regime. So the idea that a Shiite regime would resort to the mass murder of other Shiites is not at all preposterous to the people of Iran, and we should take it seriously. As we know from recent intelligence in Iraq (and as some of us knew two years ago), the jihadists enthusiastically supported by the mullahs-are desperate to drive us out of Iraq, and will resort to anything that demonstrates American weakness, and that fosters civil war within the country. The Iranians know their oppressors. If only our own leaders would listen.

 Proverbs 24:16 tells us, Though a righteous man falls seven times, he rises again. bible verse of the week a bit early I would normally post on a sunday but meh.

 urlLink DRUDGE REPORT 2004? :P sounds about right.

 urlLink J. Edward Carter on the George W. Bush & Bill Clinton Economies on NRO Financial ha take that! :) More jobs would be good and thats something being done things are getting better everyday and always have been good.

 Blog Iran! Execution in Karaj ISNA, Jan. 26 Last week a man was hanged in the yard of Raja'ii prison in Karaj after receiving 99 whips. Public execution in Dezful Khorassan daily, Jan. 27 Charkhabi Khodamorad H., 25 and married, was publicly hanged in Dezful. His sentence was confirmed by the 37th branch of the Supreme Court and carried out in public after the Supreme Justice upheld it. Execution in Qasr prison Entekhab daily, Jan. 29 - A young man was hanged in the yard of Qasr prison in the presence of the penal judge of Tehran's public prosecutor's office. Three youth hanged in town of Khoy Peik-e Iran website, Jan. 31 The death sentences for three youngsters were carried out after being upheld by the country' chief justice. The executed were between 18 to 20 years of age. This needs to stop. Anyone I am sure, everyone can agree on this. I am against all forms of death penalty/execution for the record and forever will be. I mean this is sick the one guy had a family, they're executing people in public as well!

 urlLink CNN.com - Passion tickets bear 'mark of the beast' - Mar. 1, 2004 I'd be uncomfortable with that on my ticket to and would want another or something. It was a coincidence or maybe a sick joke of some sort. Even if it is coincedence maybe the theatres should take action and keep the machines from allowing tickets with such numbers.

 urlLink CNN.com - A perfect, golden 'Rings' - Mar. 1, 2004 :)

 urlLink Idaho troops to head to Iraq?

 Quote of the week "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" Edmond Burke sorry here's some info for you on Edmond he's sort of a Thomas Paine I suppose: http://www.ushistory.org/declaration/related/burke.htm

 urlLink Cox & Forkum Editorial Cartoons nice site I stumbled on today.

 urlLink Statement by the President this was some sad and recent news on Iran. I'm with Bush on this. Just joined blog Iran! Check them out. They also have coverage on alot of other stuff like Europes handling of Iran and the bbc's coverage also check out and sign some of the available petitions.

 Happy leap year! Only comes what every four years or something like that? So yeah enjoy it. :) You've probably heard of all this gay marriage business in the news, and likely from me. Well the anarchy the civil disobedience (without punishment) continues. Civil disobedience is fine but not without punishment. Its now spread to New York, there are now two mayors who need to be punished and a number of people. Bush has put forth a constitutional amendment and in response a celebrity joined the chaos, Rosie O'Donnell. As I said the anarchy continues it is spreading. I support this amendment as most Americans do. But recently I found something that also has me ticked off well actually lately I have a number of things to be ticked off about like Haiti where president Bush has yet to act or at least not well enough he's turning people away seeking safety and so far has done little to help out in the country and rightfully is being criticized by democrats I just wonder why more republicans aren't criticizing also. I want something done. I also heard of Governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger (sorry if that's misspelled) putting forth an amendment to allow those not born in the United States to run for President, why not? A terrorist born here can run but someone like Arnold can't because they weren't born here? Lets get these things fixed and dealt with!

 urlLink WorldNetDaily: Hillary: Bush should thank Bill for military huh. Sounds like a load to me as this article shows the clintons cut back the military Reagan built it up and for that deserved thanks. Women seem to be doing fine better than before now they aren't being raped and killed and now they can attend school. This is like what she and Bill did for years a slap to the military they still haven't stopped treating our guys like dirt.

 urlLink GeorgeWBush.com :: TV Ads some new ads in addition to last weeks which as you've by now heard have come under attack well "tested" has at least. I don't see the problem most people don't either those who are whining are anti bush always were still are they belong to peace groups and are known liberals. Out of these ads my faves: Lead and 100 days. I just printed and hung up my bloggers for bush poster :)

 urlLink Friday Five! 1. What was the last song you heard? Not sure something instrumental or on urlLink ktsy radio 2. What were the last two movies you saw? Schindler's list and the ten commandments 3. What were the last three things you purchased? spalding street style basketball, mx700 wireless mouse, some dvd rentals. 4. What four things do you need to do this weekend? I have: a book to read,yardwork,schoolwork, and I need to schedule in some workout time and enjoyment. 5. Who are the last five people you talked to? family. Aunt,mom,dad,brother, visitor.

 urlLink Kerry's Economic Beliefs

 Unsung Heroes http://www.iranvajahan.net/cgi-bin/news.pl?l=en&y=2004&m=03&d=12&a=4 March 12, 2004 Iran va Jahan Nicole Sadighi "We shall not fail or falter; we shall not weaken or tire. Neither the sudden shock of battle nor the long-drawn trials of vigilance and exertion will wear us down". Sir Winston Churchill - Feb 9, 1941 I was only a little child when the black revolution happened in Iran and an old mullah by the name of Ruh'ollah Khomeini replaced the late Shah of Iran and declared the country as the Islamic Republic of Iran. Although I was so young, my early recollections are still so vivid; yet this decaying country I see today is a far cry from my memories of old. Nearly 26 years ago a dark cloud descended over Iran's beautiful pastures and her fertile soil. This darkness raped her of her culture, values, ethics and a prosperous and rich future. An ancient land, which has bared witness to the birth of renowned poets and artists, scientists and philosophers and the rise and fall of many great dynasties. A land where Cyrus the Great wrote the first declaration of the human rights in 539BC, and ordered the release of all captive nationalities held as slaves for generations in Babylon, including 50,000 Jews, who were freed and their return to their homeland was financed; has today been transformed into a torture chamber for the forgotten souls. Still, it is astonishing to ones rational mind, that somehow this regime has strangely managed to survive for 25 years; during which time it has caused some of the most horrific catastrophes and devastation known to the history of man. Even more mind-boggling is that the EU's big three, France, Germany and the UK have supported them throughout. By doing so they have seemingly turned their backs on humanity and endorsed and prolonged the oppression and torment of millions of Iranian people, who have been imprisoned, executed and tortured at the hands of these thugs for merely defending their fundamental human rights! The EU's continued fat trade deals with the Islamic Republic, in return for oil concessions, has been one of the regime's biggest source of income and, the IR "Islamic Republic" has the most notorious reputation for funding, training and providing a safe haven for all the terrorist networks, including Americas most wanted, Al Qaeda. Not a matter of "if" but "when" In the meantime a country that publicly executes, lashes, imprisons its own people, for as minor reason as speaking out for their basic rights, has been surreptitiously developing nuclear capabilities and WMD's ... Who knows what might happen if this regime developed a little red button to push. A consideration that is realistically viable and highly disturbing. On February 26th news agencies reported after a meeting in Vienna, with France, Germany, UK, the U.N.'s Chief nuclear watchdog, Mohamed El Baradei, of IAEA, (International Atomic Energy Agency), persuaded Tehran to agree to suspend all activities linked to uranium enrichment. Ironically in the same report, the head of IR's Supreme National Security Council, Hassan Rohani was quoted to have bluntly stated that IR is not obliged to declare its activities to the UN watchdog. Taking into account the fact that the IR has been concealing its uranium enrichment programme from the IAEA for almost 20 years, this report further emphasises the regimes attempt at buying time and playing politics and, time and time again dialogue with these islamo-fanatics has proved to be unproductive. This is characteristically reminiscent of another cat and mouse play; which led to a war against Iraq. Yet, one would like to believe that EU's big three, would not wish history to repeat itself; still they insist on the soft approach and continue "constructive dialogue" with the regime in spite of its recent election charade. So yet again the mullahs have the advantage. In point of fact, much to ones concern, they have the upper hand in their foreign affairs as they do with their domestic affairs. The regime excels in the field of corruption and aggressive dictatorial rule, having so violently imposed themselves on the people of Iran it is without a doubt that they impose a definite threat to the international community. It is not a matter of "if" but "when". Neither fair nor free Unfortunately many democratic voters of the western world are not aware of the true face of IR. This is no surprise; particularly when some journalists and leading news institutions such as the BBC, regularly choose to be unfairly selective of their news reports and thus ignore the journalists code of ethics; which is that "A journalist shall strive to ensure that the information he/she disseminates is fair and accurate, avoid the expression of comment and conjecture as established fact and falsification by distortion, selection or misrepresentation". This can be typified in their inaccurate report of the recent IR election fiasco. They reported that at the polling stations, namely Niavaran, in northern Tehran, voters were eager to express their views, even if some were less willing to give their names or have their photographs taken. They reported that the Interior Ministry had confirmed that turnout was the lowest, since the IR was born 25 years ago and well down the 67% who voted in 2000. Considering journalists from all over the world were allowed into Tehran for the elections, this is an exceedingly fanciful representation of news and couldn't be farther from the truth. They chose to neglect the fact that there was widespread instability and violent unrest throughout the country, that several people had been killed, that people were being threatened and beaten in a violent attempt at forcing them to vote and that the true number of votes are frighteningly less than the reported official figures, with authentic figures as low as 5% in some cities. Is this not, one hastens to ask, valuable material of great magnitude for news, particularly when one is reporting about an illegal election, in a country that is part of the volatile mid-east and is governed by unelected tyrannical mullahs that would make President Mugabi of Zimbabwe look like a saint? The BBC's Jim Muir reported from the streets of Tehran and said, "Many Iranians might agree that the election wasn't very fair but there's no sign there will be any trouble. Most ordinary Iranians basically just want a better life, if they think a new right wing parliament can give them that then they'll give it a chance". In fact on February 25, the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor released a report emphasising that: "There were reports of political killings. The Government was responsible for numerous killings during the year, including executions following trials in which there was a lack of due process. Government affiliated vigilante groups also were responsible for extrajudicial killings. The law criminalised dissent and applied the death penalty to offences such as insults against the memory of Imam Khomeini and against the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic and outrage high-ranking officials. Citizens continued to be tried and sentenced to death in the absence of sufficient procedural safeguards". Due to its consistently poor journalism, (such as the disgrace of Gilligan/Kelly-gate and the resulting resignations of BBC Chairman) the BBC has unfortunately lost its credibility inside and outside of the UK. It sees it fit to practice unprincipled and bad journalism and has built up a reputation for delivering unreliable and flimsy news. Their portrayal of the regime as a legitimate entity is highly unjustified. The reason why these vanquishers are referred to as the "hardliners" is because they are dogmatic and ruthless; they were not established for the people, by the people. Since 1979 the year of Black Revolution in Iran, about four million Iranians have been living in exile and 25 years on, the same black cloud still casts a dark shadow over their once free land. They are fortunate to be able to voice their concerns freely and without fear. They have the opportunity to vote without restraint and continue to take pride of who they are and where they come from. However let it be said, that the EU and all its foreign policy devotees should stop their continued trade relations and stop referring to the IR as though they would speak of their own democratic societies and, they should start supporting and listening to the voices of the Iranian people who will remember who stood by them, when they, the unsung heroes, win the real war on terror and the terrorist regime. Nicole Sadighi, London Miss Nicole Sadighi is a Freelance Journalist and an advocate of the non-violent movement for establishment of democracy in Iran. Nicole Sadighi can be contacted on: nicolesadighi@hotmail.com

 Mel Gibson's book the passion sells well so well its ironically on the urlLink Nytimes best seller list at #2 despite the fact the newspaper has been viciously attacking Mel and his film. I need to pick up a copy myself.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Kerry Comment Riles Bush Campaign he should apologize that was pretty nasty. Who's running the mean spirited campaign? Democrats.

 urlLink Custom Posters grab yourself a bush cheney poster! Theres also a bloogers edition. I got mine! :)

 Kerry speaks: "Bush supporters are crooked liars." "Let me tell you, we've just begun to fight," Kerry snarled in a speech broadcast to Big Labor fat cats meeting in luxurious Bal Harbour, Fla. "We're going to keep pounding. These guys are the most crooked, you know, lying group I've ever seen. It's scary." Well, at least he didn't use any of his signature potty language. Kerry's handler David Wade said the senator was referring to Republican critics in general. The Massachusetts Democrat said that if elected president he would "ask" those earning more than $200,000 to accept a tax increase, and he claimed he would offer relief to the middle class, even though Democrats in the U.S. Senate are trying to make it much harder for tax relief to pass by requiring a 60-vote supermajority. Steve Schmidt, a spokesman for Bush's campaign, noted: "John Kerry has voted for higher taxes 350 times, and his numbers for new spending don't add up. His campaign-trail promises mean he is going to raise taxes by at least $900 billion." Dean's Greatest Hits If Kerry is calling his critics names, to be consistent he'll have to lob some at his harshest critics: his fellow Democrats. Bush's campaign has just issued "Howard Dean's Greatest Hits on John Kerry," a recounting of some of Dean's attacks, including a favorite, "you're not going to change America by nominating somebody who's a Washington insider whose biggest long suit is talk." Yep everyone even the every day middle class bush supporters are liars. And not all successful people, businessmen etc. Are liars and crooks. Wonder if Kerry will or would pay up? Not that he's ever earned the money he just marries into it. Read this and further decide why you should vote bush! And just a thought but hey how about a Kerry-Hillary ticket? Its possible. :( Source: urlLink newsmax

 Blog Iran! News update Head on over to urlLink activistchat for the latest news awhile back I posted about teachers protesting since then male and female students have joined in. Also Empress Farah Pahlavi has an interview on urlLink NPR And also Elio Bonazzi had a great article I believe in the national review the other day on Iran and it not being dealt with much like hitler and germany were overlooked till disaster struck.

 Wictory Wendesday Every week on wendesday I ask you, my readers to donate or volunteer to the Bush/Cheney campaign and hey! Here I go again! Please unless you'd like to see John Kerry in office.... *shudders* then stop by the official urlLink Re-election Site and donate or volunteer, if you already have encourage others possibly through your blog? Just send email to wictory@blogsforbush.com.

 New DVD's, must buys! Ten commandments DVD Schindler's list Great films now with DVD quality video and audio with tons of extras, pick them up today I highly recommend them. :)

 urlLink After The Passion of the Christ: Judas and other Bible Epics :: Internet For Christians I watched it tonight and was not impressed it was pretty much your typical made for tv movie and well I found a number of things I disliked in the film read the articles and hopefully it will be available for viewing soon again.

 http://www.blogsforbush.com/mt/mt-tb.cgi/732 :)

 http://www.blogsforbush.com/mt/mt-tb.cgi/733

 urlLink The Seattle Times: Local News: Nickels extends city benefits to married gay couples

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Fast Facts: Rights Guaranteed by Iraqi Constitution at least some good news out of the middle east this and the below. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Raw Data: Iraqi Constitution

 The Islamic regime's forces and plainclothes agents intervened, at Laleh park of Tehran and its surrounding areas, in order to smash the celebration of the "Int.'l Women Day" by beating the female protesters and their male supporters. Clubs and chains were used against hundreds of brave women of different ages showing once again the brutality of the theocratic regime which has based one of its main pillars on a back warded and sword forced imported ideology dating of 14 centuries to go and which discriminates women. Faces of several women were seen in blood and many had injuries on their faces. Several male supporters who intended to oppose to the brut

 http://www.daneshjoo.org/smccdinews/article/publish/article_4137.shtml Hundreds of women defy the regime by gathering SMCCDI (information Service) Mar 8, 2004 Hundreds of Iranian women along with their male supporters have gathered at this time (17:00 local time) at the Laleh Park located in the center of the Iranian Capital. They have defied the non declared official ban and the massive presence of the regime forces by reaching the Park located in the Fatemi avenue (former Aryamehr). They are shouting slogans, singing the baned "Oh Iran!" and making speeched under the desperate eyes of the regime forces which have stayed affar from attacking them till now. http://www.daneshjoo.org/smccdinews/article/publish/article_4136.shtml High security measures adopted to stop "Int.'l Women Day" celebration SMCCDI (information Service) Mar 8, 2004 High security measures have been adopted and will be applied, later today, in order to stop the planned celebration of the "Int.l Women Day". The regime forces have been mobilized, especially in the Capital, to crackdown against Iranian women and their male supporters by pretexting the unlawful nature of the gatherings. While the right of making peaceful demonstrations is recognized by the Islamic regime, its Ministry of Interior has not issued any response to the formal request made by several feminist organizations. Iranian Women who are representing the majority of the Iranian Nation have been struggling, since the conception of the Islamic republic regime, to keep their rights which have been mainly revoked and disregarded. They have all been subjected to the Sharia Apartheid Law and discriminatory measures while hundreds of them have been killed and thousands wounded and forced to leave their job for their braveries and having defied the backwarded regime's ideology. Several of them were killed on January 7, 2003, as they defied the regime and its taboos by burning their veils. Savage militiamen used of their knives and acid base substance to kill and wound several of them with the benediction of the regime's hardliners and the silent complicity of the sham reformists. One of the Iranian Women's main slogan, since the Islamic revolution of 1979, has been the famous and so many times shouted: "Na Roosari, Na Too Sari" (No Veil, No submission). It's to note that the Iranian Women had one of the most freer life styles during the former Iranian regime while some of the familial law had been changed according to their rights and many other were under discussion in order to secularize them. Many of them, unveiled, were exercing high rank professions and functions, such as, Ministry of State, Ambassador, Policewoman, Military Officer, Fighter Pilot, Doctor, Teacher, Nurse, Ingenior, Actress, Director and various other jobs. Knowing these historical facts, some demagogue International Reporters, such as Christiane Amanpoor of CNN who's of Iranian origin, tried to promote the sham theory of reforms under Khatami's presidency and to cover this flagrant discrimination by pretexting that "Iranian women situation is better than in Saudi Arabia as they're allowed to drive car". Ms. Amanpoor was able to take back her father's home, confiscated during the revolution, following several reports which highly credited the so-called reformists in the eyes of the unaware world opinion. She's married to M. Rubin who was the White House Speaker during the Clinton administration.

 Execution Threat for Hunger Strikers Facing Deportation http://www.sundayherald.com/40451 March 07, 2004 Sunday Herald Neil Mackay The three Kurdish refugees who are on hunger strike in Glasgow in protest at their deportation to Iran are being expelled from the UK despite the Labour governments policy of never deporting anyone to a country where they might face the death penalty. The men Faroq Haidari, Fariboz Gravindi and Mokhtar Haydary are now on their 17th day of hunger strike. The three, who have sewn up their mouths, have all refused medical intervention. They argue they were dissidents in Iran as they supported democratic reforms and a form of home rule for Kurds. Habib Kharabi, the uncle of hunger-striker Mokhtar Haydary, was executed by the regime for political activities. The US routinely refers to Iran as part of the Axis of Evil and the Foreign Office has highlighted public executions, trials behind closed doors and the suppression of dissent in the country. A recent fundamentalist crackdown in Iran forced the fledgling reformist movement underground. The Home Office has previously publicly stated that the policy of this government is that the Home Secretary, David Blunkett, will not allow anyone to be deported who is knowingly going to face torture or the death penalty. Yet the Home Office said the men would be deported regardless of their protest. SNP leader John Swinney said: There seems to be a direct danger to these men if they are sent back to their home country and this case is evidence that there are weaknesses in the current asylum system . Tom Harris, the Labour MP for Cathcart the area where the three men are residing says he is to fight for them to stay in the UK . Harris, who has visited the men, said: I asked them to stop their hunger strike immediately. He added: Their case is not helped by what they are doing, in fact it is positively harming their case. Harris said the men had strong arguments to stay, but the Home Office would not be able to take an objective view of the case because it would look like the government had been strong-armed into reversing its decision. Harris has already written twice to the Home Office and spoken to ministers. Ive said, in my view, that due to the political deterioration in Iran, they should at least give them temporary leave to stay. Mike Watson, Labour MSP for Cathcart, said he was fully behind Harris. However, the Scottish Executive has refused to comment claiming immigration is a matter for Westminster . Glasgow City Council, which is to evict the men, said it was legally bound to throw them out . A spokesman said: I know this sounds cold and heartless given the situation, but this is our only course of action. We arent involved in the decision- making process. The council is in discussion with the National Asylum Support Service (NASS) over what to do with the men two of whom are barely conscious when they are evicted.

 Iranian Teachers Start Intermittent Strikes http://www.daneshjoo.org/smccdinews/article/publish/article_4131.shtml SMCCDI News Services Mar 6, 2004 Thousands of Iranian teachers have started a one week intermittent, or roving, strike protesting empty official promises, and persistent repressive and discriminatory measures against them. Teachers are seeking better classroom conditions, living wage salaries, release of their jailed colleagues, and the public trial of those involved in the deaths of two of their colleagues killed during the teachers demonstration of January 2002 Strikes have been reported in most areas of the capital and the provincial cities of Esfahan, Mahabad, Shiraz, Hamadan, Kermanshah, Mashad, Amol, Marivan, Khorram-Abad and Oroomiah (former Rezai-e). In Oroomiah (Rezai-e) teachers report, or show up, but refuse to enter classrooms and actually teach. Teachers in the cities of Rasht, Yazd and Bojnoord are expected to join the strike as early as tomorrow. The strike and probable radicalization of their movement will present the regime with grave problems as millions of young Iranians will be sent out into streets in the current explosive situation. Millions of students stayed in school courtyards, despite official injunctions and demands, in a sign of solidarity and rejection of official orders. In the courtyards students made their plans for the religiously banned "Fire Fest," and the "celebration" that they'll make during this tabooed night of demonstrations. The banned "Fire Fest" will be celebrated this year on March 16th, despite coinciding with the religious month of Moharam. Iranians are planning for wide scale celebrations, and the rejection of the Islamic regime and its despotic ideology.

 Can the EU Afford to Underestimate the Threat Posed by the Islamic Republic? http://iranvajahan.net/cgi-bin/news.pl?l=en&y=2004&m=03&d=07&a=5 March 07, 2004 Iran va Jahan Darius Dana The impressive boycott of the Iranian parliamentary election has put the European advocates of "critical dialogue" at an awkward position. It will no longer be easy for the EU to claim to be encouraging indigenous reforms in Iran when the last elements of the supposed reformist movement have been chased out of the system. Of course the temptation to continue to cut deals with the theocracy will always be there. What better way to build thriving economies than trading with a desperate dictatorship willing to dish out just about any trade incentive in return for "turning a blind eye" to its abuses of human rights and violations of international law?! It's an ironic dilemma indeed; A young union of nations bound by a firm belief in liberty and democracy on one side and a medieval, oil-rich theocracy with no respect for the civilized world on the other. These unlikely partners are drawn to one another by very different reasons. For the EU, the attraction is commercial gain, but for the Iranian regime the stakes are much higher. With Washington piling up the pressure and growing unrest at home, the mullahs need the EU for their political survival. Be that as it may, there are at least three practical reasons why the EU should refrain from throwing a lifeline to the Islamic Republic. 1 - Islamic Republic's Stability Although the Islamic Regime seems fairly stable now, it has never been weaker in its 25 year history. The departure of the so called reformist faction means that the whole weight of the system lies on the back of a few aging and insecure mullahs totally out of touch with the popular mood inside the country and ignorant of the realities of the modern world. Put the spiraling rates of poverty, unemployment, prostitution and addiction together with the regime's inability to create jobs or hope for the young who constitute 70% of Iran's fast growing population, and you'll soon come to realize that the mullahs are fighting a losing battle. The right wing power brokers of Iran simply lack the flexibility and intelligence to formulate any rational policies in domestic or foreign affairs. Paranoid as ever with the "plots of the enemies", the mullahs have increased repression at home while turning to yet more terrorism abroad. Hardly a safe environment for trade and commerce! 2 - EU and Iranian Perceptions Britain, France and Germany are already mistrusted by most Iranians of all classes and backgrounds. The general perception amongst most Iranians is that the EU trio are ignoring the demands of the vast majority of Iranian people and are engaged in appeasing their oppressors for commercial gain. The failure of EU to make a clear stand on the issue of human rights has caused most Iranians to look to the US for inspiration and support. It is said that "seeing is believing"; What Iranians see these days is the obscene spectacle of cordial embraces and handshakes between EU foreign ministers and the most hawkish elements of the Islamic Republic who're directly responsible for the arrest, torture, and murder of Iranians. Insisting on such unwise policies will go a long way in downgrading the EU trio from "misguided rivals" to "colonial adversaries" in the eyes of Iranian people and opposition. It's always hard to predict the future, but most analysts agree that Iranian society is reaching boiling point and that some kind of change in the Iranian political scene is likely. In the event of such change, it is plausible that the prevailing forces most likely to be of secular and nationalist nature, will seek to retaliate against the EU for its support of the Islamic Republic. A future Iranian government of almost any complexion will probably seek to sideline the EU by favoring the US for strategic partnership and trade. 3 - A Pattern of Deception and Lies The size and scope of Iran's nuclear program and the ever increasing evidence of a grand deception by the mullahs will only serve to embarrass the advocates of dialogue in Europe. The European visionaries who beat the drums of a "multi-polar world" can not afford to ignore the fact that some regimes do not play by the rules. The old school of "deterrence" and "balance of power" only apply to those who appreciate the limits and understand the rules. Both the well intentioned and the cynical EU decision makers are well advised to read through the short and bloody history of the Iranian revolution. They will find a disturbing tale of broken promises and deception on a grand scale; A revolution whose leaders promised a nation freedom and democracy, but unleashed death and destruction upon them once they grabbed power; A regime that compromises only when it's under serious threat and flouts international law when it's not; A regime whose leader is regarded as the "biggest predator of press freedom" and a president that talks of reforms and democracy while on trips to EU capitals and condones public executions and torture at home. Can the EU really count on the goodwill of a regime with such history? Can the EU afford to underestimate the threat posed by the Islamic Republic?

 More teachers join strike on 2nd day of protest action SMCCDI (information Service) Mar 7, 2004 http://www.daneshjoo.org/smccdinews/article/publish/article_4134.shtml Thousands more of Iranian teachers joined, today, the 2nd day of a one week intermittent, or roving, strike protesting empty official promises, and persistent repressive and discriminatory measures against them. The strike has spread to several more of the capital's academic areas and to most provincial cities, such as, Sannandaj, Ahwaz, Rasht, Lahrood, Kashan, Ardebil, Babol, Dezfool, Meshkin Shahr, Zahedan, Bojnoord, Bandar Anzali (former Bandar Pahlavi), Esfahan, Mahabad, Shiraz, Hamadan, Kermanshah, Mashad, Amol, Marivan, Khorram-Abad and Oroomiah (former Rezai-e). While most of the active duty teachers have showed up at schools but are refusing to teach, hundreds of their retired colleagues made, in most cities, a morning gathering in front of the local official centers of Teachers funds in order to protest against the persistent degradation of their conditions and the non fulfillment of promises made to them. In several cities, such as, Gorgan and Yazd, the docile and officially created Teacher associations had spreaded the rumor that all the teachers conditions are fulfilled in order to avoid the strike to go on but teachers have denounced such usual demagogy and are planning to join the strike following a last meeting with the regime's delegates dispatch to these areas. Arrests of several teachers have been reported, in the ;last two days, especially in the Capital, Esfahan, Ardebil and Khorram-Abad and their colleagues and families are without news of them. In most schools, students shouted slogans in support of their "Spiritual Fathers and Mothers" which in many of them minor clashes and altercations have been reported between the students and the regime's agents. The strike Teachers are seeking better classroom conditions, living wage salaries, release of their jailed colleagues, and the public trial of those involved in the deaths of two of their colleagues killed during the teachers demonstration of January 2002. It's to note that the radicalization of their movement will present the regime with grave problems as millions of young Iranians will be sent out into streets in the current explosive situation. Millions of students stayed in school courtyards, despite official injunctions and demands, in a sign of solidarity and rejection of official orders. In the courtyards students made their plans for the religiously banned "Fire Fest," and the "celebration" that they'll make during this tabooed night of demonstrations. The banned "Fire Fest" will be celebrated this year on March 16th, despite coinciding with the religious month of Moharam. Iranians are planning for wide scale celebrations, and the rejection of the Islamic regime and its despotic ideology.

 The last public call to European Union's leaders http://www.daneshjoo.org/article/publish/article_3143.shtml SMCCDI (Public Statement) Mar 8, 2004 Mr. Blair, Mr. Chirac, Mr. Schroeder, Mr. Berlusconi and Mr.Klestil, Twenty-Five years of oppression, mass killing, barbarism, and mismanagement of our country by the Islamic republic and its indoctrinated technocrats have now brought Iran to the edge of collapse and civil war. As an increasing number of young Iranians are starting to shift towards armed struggle, the masses tired of 7 years of empty promises of reforms from within the theocratic system boycotted the sham elections of Feb. 20th in the greatest yet act of Civil Disobedience. This non-violent method of struggle follows the massive boycott of last year's sham city and rural election and prior to that, in 1997, Iranians used the Islamic Republic's presidential elections as an opportunity to show their rejection of those known as "hardliners" by the greatest voter turn out in Iran's history. Thus, more than ever, we can declare with absolute conviction that Iranians are rejecting the Islamic regime in its totality! But despite these clear signals, many entities with short term mercantilist and neo-colonialist views, especially among the EU, are still trying to extend the life of an illegitimate regime just as they did in the case of Iraq till the situation led to war due to the persistent existence of an unaccountable and un democratic regime..." Gentlemen, We Iranians know that you are the leaders of the European Union. We know that you did not arrive at your positions of power by force, deception, coercion, cronyism, intimidation, or all the other subversive means that some Mullahs of Iran successfully employed to hijack power and hold on to it. You are where you are because the majority of European people, believing mainly in your honor, integrity, and competence, assigned you to your posts by utilizing true Democratic means. Your nations purport to be vanguards and champions of Liberty and Democracy and you are their torch bearers. Thus we justly demand of you to abandon your indifference to our plight and let us arrive at the shores of Democracy too! If you still listen to your conscience and still possess your honor and integrity, then do what is right and do not impede us in our struggle to build a nation that is founded on the principles of Human Rights, Liberty, and Democracy. In particular, Mr. Blair, you and your Crown Prince, if you are entertaining or nurturing neo-colonialist ideas and dreams involving Iran, forget them. You failed in America and India and you will meet defeat just the same in Iran. Abandon your support of the Islamic Republic and your demagogic pretense of conducting "Constructive Dialogue" with the doomed Islamic terrorist regime. As repression continues and persists in Iran, while the Iranian people have made it brazenly clear to the world that they don't want the Islamic Republic, you no longer have even a resemblance of justification to continue with aiding and abetting that regime. The fallacy that you liked so much to perpetuate, that within the wretched regime of ayatollahs there were "Reformist Elements" with whom you could conduct legitimate business, while knowing full and well that they are all woven from the same cloth, has lost its faade of validity. The sham elections of Feb.20 through which the "Hardliners" got rid of the so-called "reformers" should be your clue. And the fact that Iranians massively boycotted those elections, and didn't so much as yawn for the disqualified "pro-reform" MP's when they staged a protest sit-in hoping that Iranians would rush to their support just like the Russians did for Yeltsin, should remind you for the hundredth time that Iranians do not want and care for this regime in its entirety. There is no wiggle room or gray area. You are either with us or with the Tyranny and Terror Masters in Iran! Gentlemen, We know and do expect that as leaders of your nations, you primarily uphold the interests of your countries. But you must reconsider your position of willingness to gain short term profits from the Islamic Republic and opt for solid and lasting relations with a Free, Modern, and Democratic Iran that wants and will be a bastion of security in the region; an Iran which is tired of being known as a supporter, producer, and exporter of terrorists and terrorism. Time for you to help us is now. We will appreciate and reward your help in the future when the Islamic Republic is no more, as we will not forget if you choose to ignore our pleas and carry on your romance with Mullahs. And furthermore, we will reject many of the illegal and unfair contracts that this regime has awarded to some greedy establishments in your union. All we want from you for help is due recognition: -Recognize that Iranians have had it and are done with the Mullahcracy that has ruined their country. They want a Free, Democratic, and Secular Iran. -Recognize that The Islamic Republic of Iran, by the very principles and doctrine upon which it is founded, can not be reformed, either from within or without. It has finally finished playing "Good Mullah, Bad Mullah" and the Bad Mullahs are now openly in charge. -Recognize that your continued embrace of the Islamic Republic only serves to prolong its miserable political existence because it makes the Ayatollahs in power believe they enjoy legitimacy, and by banking on it, they continue their brutality on the masses of Iranian people who so far have valiantly chosen to remain non-violent. -Recognize that the Islamic Republic is an oppressive terrorist regime that is a threat to the world security and peace in the Middle East. It must be brought down and the Mullahs be peacefully ushered back to the mosques where they belong. -Recognize that all you need to do is shun and abandon the hated and doomed regime and give your full moral support to the oppressed people of Iran. Iranians will take care of getting rid of the Islamic Republic and its menace themselves. Their struggle against the theocratic system, which is based on civil disobedience and non-violent measures, has started and is well under way. Absolutely no foreign troops need to march in Iran and no military intervention is sought. Thank you for your time and attention. Long live freedom! Long live secularism! Established be democracy! March 8, 2004 (18th Esfand 1382) The "Student Movement Coordination Committee for Democracy in Iran" (SMCCDI)

 Site Update The RSS feed is down perhaps I can fix it not that many of you are using it but meh. Christian Top 1000 recently had me as 1260 not bad considering I could be at 1300 And of course things are going well with blog Iran and such. See blogsforgod for my ratings and such there. Feel free to comment, and I added a trackback feature as well.

 News of varying topics We may have Osama/Usama's second hand man in our reach thanks to the Pakistanis see well just about any news channel or site for coverage. USA according to polls is not so popular with the world, yeah. And so what? Life is not a popularity contest. urlLink Foxnews.com has a post on this poll Smoking is now banned or dangerously close in my town only allowed in bars now. Why was this not left up to individual businesses and such? Or the people? All anyone has heard here is a bunch of no smoking types complaining and religious/conservative and of course liberals saying no smoking. Even though it hurts no one. All I see is a loss of individual rights of smokers and businesses. I myself do not and will not smoke. I hate the stuff. I wish people didn't smoke. But its not my business, my place to stop people from doing so. They take away one right they take another. When they took the 4th Amendment, I was quiet because I didn't deal drugs. When they took the 6th Amendment, I was quiet because I am innocent. When they took the 2nd Amendment, I was quiet because I don't own a gun. Now they have taken the 1st Amendment, and I can only be quiet. Lyle Myhr Also suggestions was recently passed very much supported by the religious conservatives of my state to give scholarshipss and funding to students who are free of drugs alcoholl, smoking, and such.It's not the school system/governments business. Nor should intelligence and or ability be based on such a thing. With this a brilliant man or women who smoked or drank would not be rewarded or supported. Makes no sense at all and should not take place. Thankfully it seems it won't unlike the smoking issue above. Another thing I've noticed is whining about people being overweight and unhealthy and the same for smokers and that they cost taxpayers money. Well so doa lott of other people fora lott of different things and reasons. Rather than not supporting a diabetic or obese person or smoker how about simply abolishing all this nonsense and let people deal with their own health issues? I'd like to see social security ridden of. And how about some serious tax cuts right now its nearly 50% thankfully I have yet to that time in life where I will have to pay for such things. How about cutting tax to where theAmericann people according to polls, want it? 20% or less. And while I'm at my little rant I'd like to see the draft abolished. The army is with me who wants a bunch of guys who don't want to contribute or no little or nothing about war? lets keep in professional instead! And no women or gays causes problems, fights, stress,tension etc. none of which is need let men fight war straight tough professionally trained career soldiers, we do need more of them. Sodomy laws? Who's business is that? No ones. I still have my stance on marriage however but again civil unions I support. Really government should stay out of marriage none of their business either. And about recent censorship issues. Why is Howard Stern treated as he is? Sure we don't want people promoting murder or such but again he has the right to speak as others do listen.You don't have to listen if he's on turn the dial. I don't like the guy myself but nor do I like Rush limbaugh and its not my business or problem they have rights and that should be supported. Same goes for urlLink mancow and urlLink Gordon liddy who's book I am reading who's show I occasionally enjoy. We also need more support for small business and less regulation. The environment is fine! And gas prices are way to high!!!!! Ok all done ranting.

 urlLink Google Search: seen such reports in my local paper as well. :)

 urlLink GeorgeWBush.com :: The Official Re-election Site for President George W. Bush its not a great ad but it does make a great point and that counts for sure. Vote for war, but don't support the troops afterward with your wallet! :(

 Dear Activists, Patriots, and Compatriots: Usually we follow a policy of not emailing out silly reuters articles like this one, but we thought it was important to once again show the world how certain news agencies completely twist, omit, and manipulate the truth. They don't mention the uprising, clashes, burning pictures of Khamenei's picture, or the fact that thousands upon thousands of revolutionary guard joined with the protestors in various cities.. Protest? What Protest? What Uprising? Here is CNN's utterly noble version of news broadcasting: http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/03/16/iran.festival.reut/ TEHRAN, Iran (Reuters) -- Iranians danced in the street, threw firecrackers and jumped over bonfires Tuesday night as authorities openly tolerated an ancient fire festival for the first time in 25 years. Halted each year since the 1979 Islamic revolution because hardliners considered it un-Islamic, the Chaharshanbeh Suri, or Red Wednesday, festival was officially recognized in Tehran where the city council set aside dozens of parks for people to enjoy the boisterous celebrations. Tens of thousands packed the streets of the capital hurling firecrackers into the air to mark the eve of the last Wednesday of the Iranian calendar year. The festival dates back centuries to pre-Islamic times and is thought to be derived from Zoroastrian traditions which accord special properties to fire. The Iranian New Year, which falls on March 20 this year, coincides with the spring equinox. Unlike previous years, when riot police blocked off streets and hardline Islamic vigilantes beat and arrested many trying to enjoy the festivities, security forces were virtually absent. Old and young reveled in the new-found freedom. "They wanted to try to stop this tradition but it will never die," said businessman Mahmoud Afshar, as his young children and neighbors leaped over a small bonfire in western Tehran. "I think they realize now that every limitation they try to put on society has a negative effect," he said, adding that he and his family had been harassed by police when trying to mark the festival in previous years. In an act meant to exorcise evil spirits and bring good luck for the coming year, people light small bonfires and jump over the flames shouting: "Give me your beautiful red color and take back my sickly pallor!." Special noodle soups are prepared and shared among friends and neighbors. Passers-by are handed nuts and dried fruits. The decision by Tehran City Council -- which religious hardliners won control of in elections last year -- to officially recognize the festival surprised many. A council official, who declined to be named, explained: "Some are opposed to celebrating Chaharshanbeh Suri on religious grounds but it's a deep-rooted tradition and no-one can deny it. So we decided the best way was to designate some places to celebrate it." Some clerics were appalled by the decision. "The superstitious ceremony of Chaharshanbeh Suri is incompatible with the dignity and understanding of the Muslim Iranian nation," Grand Ayatollah Lotfollah Safi Golpaygani said in a statement this week. "Muslims should remain vigilant and...understand the enemy's goal in reviving this dead and obsolete tradition." The evening festivities are also an opportunity for young Iranians to meet and flirt in a country where mixing in public between unrelated members of the opposite sex is outlawed. In one street in western Tehran youngsters danced by blazing bonfires as loud music blared from houses and passing cars. Some felt the sudden official acceptance of the festival was a ploy by the country's rulers after hardliners won parliamentary elections last month. Reformists, who favor greater political and social freedoms, say the poll was rigged. "They want to distract the young so they don't have anything to do with politics," said Mahran Izadi, 28, who had stuffed cotton wool in his ears to dull the noise of constant firecracker explosions.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - FOX Fan - The Rise of Political Terrorism, Al Qaeda Style

 urlLink How Americans Can Buy American great site. I'm ok with purchasing mexico,canada and England. France... has nothing to offer me anyway! Ha! But yes as often as you can support America! Don't shop walmart! Buy ford! Buy Dell! Shop Circuit city! And don't use motel 6 or seven eleven. Holiday in (england) or independent hotels are better! Chevron is better! :)

 Qoute of the week? NO! Qoutes! One of the greatest delusions in the world is the hope that the evils in this world are to be cured by legislation. Thomas B. Reed (1886) This one hits home with current issues as it always has since it was spoken. A liberal is someone who feels a great debt to his fellow man, which debt he proposes to pay off with your money. G. Gordon Liddy The Constitution shall never be construed to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms. Samuel Adams also covering recent issues. Like the U.N trying to take American's guns away from them. We can't be so fixated on our desire to preserve the rights of ordinary Americans ... Bill Clinton (USA TODAY, 11 March 1993, page 2A) hmph. :( all are from libertarianqoutes.com

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - New Spanish Leader Vows Iraq Pullout :( more bad news. The attack :( my heart goes out to those who lost loved ones. I have to say though that this is a mistake. Even hans blix has said its letting the terrorists win.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Putin Dismisses Concern Over Campaign :(

 Uprising update! According to numerous reports and sources I've heard that 5 have died and 200 hundred have been injured. As a result of the rioting and help of freedomfighters with the people half of the town has come under the peoples control. urlLink Blog Iran! Thanks to those at this fine organization for the translations and coverage.

 Verse of the day "Make every effort to add to your faith goodness; and to goodness, knowledge; and to knowledge, self-control; and to self-control, perseverance; and to perseverance, godliness; and to godliness, brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness, love. For if you possess these qualities in increasing measure, they will keep you from being ineffective and unproductive in your knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ." -- 2 Peter 1:5 through 8

 Uprising in Iran! This great news on a sunday! IN the town of Fereydunkenar an uprising has begun as of march 13th so its been goin on awhile as it just reached me early this morning I've also heard good rumour that success is near if not they have already succeeded. lets hope something good comes of this. I pray few are hurth and much success comes of this for these people. I''ll keep you posted. urlLink Blog Iran!

 http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=37656 I have to agree with Mike here who by the way is a great guy. Read both his books, read his articles and love both his organizations :)

 ASSASINATION!!! http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=37696 some commentary on the assasination of YASSIN I totally agree, lets keep it going lets finish the job! The guy was a terrorist assasination is fine with me. Now for arafat indeed!

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Who's Looking Out for the Babies? Yes the women should get life in prison for taking a life and NOW :( heck this whole situation :(

 http://rick1j13.blogspot.com/2004_04_01_rick1j13_archive.html#108091350513069022 Someone taking urlLink friday five's place since there isn't one this week so here I go answering his! 1) what would you do the first day after being elected president? contact friends and family, watch news coverage and read it, pray, do some thinking and reflecting. 2) what would you do the first day after losing the election for president? I dunno I might just mope around or still be dealing with aftermath:family,friends, etc. 3) as president, which country would you try to build diplomatic ties with? Canada, mexico, cuba. canada I would like to improve relations and get them to do a better job with their borders for our sake and theirs. Mexico work with them on the border and immigration issues, migrant workers and such. Cuba I'd like to work toward freeing up the people this would also make us safer. France is another country I'd work toward healing relations with. 4) as vice president, on which late night talk show would you like to be a guest? Radio: Anyone even Harry Browne over at Radio America or urlLink Sean Hannity's show. TV: Jay Leno probably. 5) as the first lady, what would you add to the white house decor? How I can do this, I don't know. Sex change? haha. I guess I'd make it more comfy and more my style. Customize. Like any guy I'd want a big leather recliner to relax in after or while working :) Hope your having a nice weekend I am have some family coming to visit (my grandmother is stopping by for a few weeks I believe) all good on my end. I'm nearly done with my school work should graduate early around May 1st as of now my grades are as follows: Bible class-90 %, History-93%, language-91%, math-88%, science-86% pretty happy with them. And I've been experimenting with the new line of crest tooth pastes the new whitening flavored editions. Orange is by far the best of the three:cinnamon, orange zest, herbal mint. Later. :)

 http://finance.myway.com/ht/nw/bus/20040402/hlm_bus-n02617098.html- Great economy news 300,000 jobs created in March! Lets keep it going. Anyone who wants to work should be able to work!

 urlLink Air America Radio oh yay! I know the first two people on the site. I actually like Garofalo not her politics but hey. I'd give them a listen if I didn't need to have realplayer maybe they will add something else. Well I wish them luck and look forward to seeing how they do and maybe even tuning in now and then. Radio wise I enjoy: Sean hannity and Bill Oreilly mostly and I happen to enjoy some urlLink radio america now and then, Joseph Fara and Reagan mostly I also enjoy a little Harry Browne now and then.

 urlLink World's Smallest Political Quiz with three of the personal issues I had to stay moderate. Drugs, tv press net etc, and sex laws. My percentages: I'm a libertarian! 33% centrist came next and then liberal well wow. Conservative and such were lowest. huh. Well anyway I had a 70% personal score. And a 90% economic. Gary Nolan and Aaron Russo are the current Presidential candidates running on the libertarian party ticket I don't like either. I disagree with them on abortion and on the war on terror I think its a war that needs to be fought hopefully we won't have to continue fighting after June 30th though we should stay involved after that.

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage Yep just like it happened here. And is or may happen in Georgia. The urlLink cato institute and urlLink libertarian party are fighting and covering all this and a nice qoute I found floating around "Its not second hand smoke thats hurting people, its government."

 urlLink InfoWorld: Bush calls for broadband for all by 2007: March 29, 2004: By : NETWORKING : TELECOM true if people can afford it they will pay for and use it. If not they'd be fools. And this will help us a great deal. How about pushing harder towards say 2005 instead? Lower price no tax on net access though sales tax maybe I would be ok with. We are a pretty big country net wise but Japan or The netherlands for instance tend to have a better Broadband setup and such.

 urlLink Who Would Osama Vote For? (TM) Election 2004 Political Parody Merchandise I like the bottom two: "have you been to taxachusetts?" and I support kerry like he supported our troops"

 urlLink Herald.com: Miami & Ft. Lauderdale News, Weather, Dolphins & More

 Qoutes It is not caving in to the bees to stop poking a stick into their hive.- I've seen this one posted alot by anti war folks. It is a good qoute,gets you thinking and makes a point. Maybe its true the honey is oil in this case? How about we're freeing the bees from a bastard of a leader? Well anyway its a qoute and a good one. "Government is not reason; it is not eloquence; it is force. Like fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master. " George Washington Have a great weekend and Easter! :)

 urlLink Spacefem.com: What's Your Geek Decade? what kind of geek are you? well I'm a 1970s geek :)

 urlLink the friday five 1. What do you do for a living? Part time homeschool student about 3 hrs a day four-five days a week. And a handyman I do plumbing,carpentry,lawn care,automobile maintanence and repair I also of course repair things and paint a little of everything. 2.What do you like most about your job? Work outdoors mostly the work isn't to difficult and you learn to do it and or improve which is nice. Satisfaction of getting a job done. Pay isn't bad either. 3. What do you like least about your job? It can be hard physically and time consuming. Pay isn't that good. And I don't get en

 Random Writings Number 6 gets on the net "I'm not a free man, I'm a number." This is a qoute a friend of mine suggested I share with others. I got to thinking/discussing the net which at the time I had accessed for the first time,school, and government and somehow it led to me saying and writing this which is how I feel. I've been on the net about as long as I've been blogging actually but for some reason never posted this story byte if you will. I'm told I should do something with this number 6 character I thought up essentially myself just with a number heh perhaps I will. The kurt Cobain autobiography "Love myself better'n you." a qoute takin from a song of his. It was the tenth year since his death recently, his music was great and I think you can put him up there as one of the greats. Also christianmanga.com some friends of mine as you may remember are still going strong as is riotgearcomics.com who is now working on another project as well as the way, the new project is halo which I myself may be contributing writing to :)

 House Republicans Praise New Deal Socialism On March 17, nearly every Republican in Congress -- almost 200 of them -- joined unanimous Democrats in voting for a resolution honoring U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and his New Deal "legacy." FDR, of course, is viewed by many advocates of limited government as arguably the most anti-liberty president of the twentieth century. As distinguished economist Richard Ebeling, President of the Foundation for Economic Education, has noted, Roosevelt "constrained the American economy in a straightjacket of regulations and controls under the promise of a 'New Deal.' In its essence, the economic philosophy behind the New Deal was modeled on Mussolini's corporativist state, under which industry was forced into government-mandated cartels that fixed prices and production. Agricultural prices and production were placed under the same strict controls. Vast public works projects were undertaken, with the federal government directly employing millions of people. Private ownership of gold was declared illegal and the people's money was confiscated, with paper money given in return." This was the man, and the policies, that nearly all House Republicans voted to honor. Indeed, only *five* Republicans voted against the measure. What, you say? You thought Republican congressmen were ANTI-big government? That they naturally opposed FDR's New Deal, which gave us an alphabet soup of tyrannical programs that advocates of limited government are still battling to this day? That Republicans were in Congress to *dismantle* the New Deal, not to praise it? Think again. Make no mistake about it, the resolution didn't just praise FDR as a wartime leader (a record that is also highly dubious, but that's another story). No, the resolution expressly praised his New Deal economic programs, applauding the Roosevelt administration for "creating a series of New Deal programs that fundamentally changed the role of Government" and cheering FDR's wartime "productive partnership with private enterprise...by appointing top businessmen to run the production agencies." The resolution also repeated the old canard that FDR's economic policies somehow led America out of the Great Depression. (Actually his programs and spending kept the Depression dragging on until the outbreak of World War II.) Adding insult to injury, the resolution also praised FDR's wife Eleanor, who championed as much statist hooey as FDR himself. The resolution was introduced by a Democrat. But Republican leaders of the House tightly control what legislation reaches the floor.This bill could not have seen the light of day without the approval of these Republican leaders. Who were the five House Republicans who had the integrity and courage to vote against the resolution? You know, of course, that Congressman Ron Paul of Texas -- the only libertarian in Congress -- voted against this travesty. The other four: Rep. Jeff Flake (R-AZ), Rep. Joel Hefley (R-CO), Rep. Steve King (R-IA), and Rep. Roscoe Bartlett (R-MD). Six other GOPers squirmed away from the issue with votes of "present." A furious Kent Snyder of the Liberty Committee -- a Washington D.C. group working for limited government -- summed it up: "This vote provides yet another example that the mainstream Republican Party has abandoned any last vestiges of principle and ideology. The big-government neocon faction of the GOP finds much to admire in FDR, but rank-and-file Republicans still believe in lower taxes, less regulation, and more personal liberty -- not socialism. "Voters who rejoiced when the GOP took control of both Congress and the White House could not have imagined their heroes would proceed to spend, borrow, expand, and regulate even more than Clinton did! The national GOP has lost all credibility as the party of limited government, and Americans who love liberty should not be fooled by big-government socialists simply because they have an "R" next to their name." I was very sad and angry when I heard this. Indeed republicans are no longer what they once said they were, they no longer stand for what they started out standing for:smaller/small government and less tax. This year at least I'd vote (if I were able) for a republican for bush I'm not a fan of aaron russo's or kerry I just wish bush would stand up for what the party once stood for and more republicans would. At least a few did. But only five! Those are the guys that will get my vote. This story was taken from an advocates for smaller government newsletter the best thing they published in this issue and I wanted to share it with you.

 urlLink Constitution Party a conservative party for more conservative than the republican party. I support the war so I don't agree with them entirely on issues but otherwise I really like what I read on their site and their presidential candidates site. NO income tax? fantastic. No federal involvement in education, great! Abortion 100% against pro gun ownership etc. They want strong borders and all which I'd say I do I'm not sure Bush's plan is such a good one. I'm not sure the stance on drugs here. And on marriage I believe they want the government out but I believe gays would not do well under them I say lets get out of it completely and let the people control their affairs regarding things such as marriage. Anyway interesting check them out especially if your a conservative against the war please vote these guys instead of kerry they would be more to your liking. Yet another 3rd party.

 urlLink State and Local Tax Burdens 2004 my state is ranked at 11 but with state and local and with federal at 35, not bad certainly better than others. BUt hey there is room for improvement! The governor of NH the second best state said himself there was and he was going for it. Hope my state does as well.

 urlLink Entertainment News Article | Reuters.com I watched a bit of this. Very likeable this girl. And hey my state made the finals! Also a lovely lady :) First time I sat through more than 10 minutes of such a thing

 urlLink The Observer | Comment | Why we must never abandon this historic struggle in Iraq Blair should get an award! Best socialist. He's actually a likeable guy sure he's a friend of clinton and yeah he is a socialist but he isn't all bad and he indeed is the best socialist I've ever heard of.

 My stance on things Marriage: I once opposed gay marriage personally I still do. But its honestly none of my business just like it is none of the governments business either its a religious deal or for some I suppose not but as long as no one is being hurt I see no problem with it. Get rid of marriage tax while we're at it. Abortion:still 100% against it, pre born citizens have rights as well or should. I am for freedom when it does not hurt others, this hurts others it kills a possible or in my opinion living human being. Military: Good strong military, war if nescessary but uneeded intervention I am against. The draft I am also against no one should be forced, and do you really want a bunch of non professionals and whiners fighting? The military doesn't nor do I. Tax: I'd like there to be no tax. That seems unreasonable right? I suppose but the current tax is just to high so how about some huge cuts in tax,spending and regulation? Sounds good to me. Borders: I'm not honestly sure. I see benefit to open borders and negative. We'd have criminals and terrorists coming in the former from mexico, the latter from canada. I say we tighten up the borders but keep legal immigration and make it work more smoothly more quickly. I also like the worker program put forth by Bush. Education: less spending, better spending of money. Parents and children should be able to choose which school to go to and private schools. Home school should also be more widely used and supported. I don't want this area privatized greatly I just want it to do a better job and run more efficiently. Gun ownership: Pro. I myself dislike guns. I dislike violence and hunting. I have little need for a weapon myself. I know how to use them if need be. But its a right. If someone wants to own guns for collecting or use they should be able to. Drugs: should be kept illegal I disagree with libertarians on this issue. I am leaning towards legalization of marijuana but perhaps it should be like strong liquor controlled. And a quick rant: its very unfortunate or rather upsetting when you can not install a kitchenette in your home for use or build on your property or ad a new garage door to your garage without a permit same with adding windows to your home. Its my property and I can't do anything to it without permission! But of course they can come in and do what they please pave a sidewalk on my front lawn and pay me very little for it or allow me to refuse. I take care of a small portion of what is considered government land I take care of it its near my land its thus mine think I'll build a new fence this week :)

 Number six meets...number six "Hello me, meet the real me."

 Easter etc. This Easter weekend was fantastic! The weather here in Boise was excellent sunny and warm around 70 degrees, just right. No eggs and not alot of people. Just a few family members and friends and some good bbq. Some great tv on this weekend to. I didn't make it to any church I've still not found a church I care to become a regular of so I was just gonna stop by a new one or something but didn't make it slept in and the morning was busy and chaotic. I've always had the belief my mind is my church so I'm not sure about joining a church or becoming a regular or not but now and then its nice to get out and discuss with others and sing. So I occassionally attend. The film mentioned below by the way I recieved early as I said and again its recommended. I also planned on seeing the passion sunday but had no time or way of getting to the theatre, I had only the money to attend it was probably crowded anyway the film was the hit this past week as expected beating out the new film the passion. And now unfortunately the fun comes to an end and school begins again :(

 urlLink Six: The Mark Unleashed (2004) its not out till June 29th but I got a preview copy its the entire film just in advnaced. And it was very good! I highly recomend watching this! rating:3.5 of 5 its good I didn't say perfect. Also see christiancinema.com to pre order it and for more info and such :) Hope you all had a great easter sunday

 urlLink Luis Palau Evangelistic Association I'm not very active in such sports as these but I thought I'd post about this project. I'll have to check it out as well.

 Political Patriot Games by JD It's unfortunate that President Bush is out stumping for the Patriot Act. His time would be better spent and the nation's interests better served if he'd listen to why Americans oppose this overreaching law. He could find some articulate critics within his own party, and right here in Idaho. Instead, Bush is going full steam ahead much like Congress did in 2001, when it hurriedly passed the Patriot Act in the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Said Bush on Monday during a speech in Pennsylvania, "It's a law that is making America safer." Many Americans aren't sold. According to a USA Today/CNN /Gallup Poll from February, 71 percent of Americans oppose the act's so-called "sneak-and-peek" warrants which allow agents greater latitude to search a home first, and notify the subject later. The nation is split on the idea of allowing agents to obtain library and bookstore records. These are among the sections Idaho's all-Republican congressional delegation wants to fix. When these four steadfast Bush allies are part of the loyal opposition, it should send a message to the White House. Instead, the White House seems determined to make the Patriot Act one of those line-in-the-sand issues. And the law doesn't expire until Dec. 31, 2005. That should be ample time to listen to critics across the political spectrum and strike a better balance between homeland security and civil liberties. Instead of listening to his allies in conservative states like Idaho, Bush spent Monday in an electoral swing state touting a law many people simply don't want. That's headstrong policymaking and risky politics. I mean to release this Sunday but hey what the heck. I personally am against the patriot act, sort of I like the idea of a revised version less

 Ritalin: the Government Drug by JD Ritalin plays a significant part in the government school system's war against parents and children. When school employees and psychiatrists recommend mind-altering behavior-modifying drugs for children, it's not to benefit the children, it's for the convenience of the schools and the teachers. The government attitude is that public school children are its property to do with as it chooses. Parents beware! When a child's attention is not riveted on what the schools claim is "important," whether it's Dick and Jane or adding and subtracting, school people make the extremely risky and arrogant assumption that the child is sick. Without a shred of medical evidence, they imply that something is wrong with his/her brain. They never question that there may be something wrong with their own programs or methods. And yet very little of what schools force children to endure is either interesting or necessary or even true. Instead of finding activities and learning that might be useful or relevant to children's lives, public schools require them to sit still and be quiet for tedious, unwanted and uninteresting classes. It's no surprise that some kids fidget and show other natural signs of boredom, misery and sometimes rage -- the school experience drives them nuts, and they resent being warehoused and dumbed down. The surprise, the outrage, is the schools' response to the children who don't comply: drug them with Ritalin -- chemically alter their brains in order to make them docile. And while Ritalin slows and narrows the minds of the students who take it, the possibility of being drugged threatens all the rest of the children to conform to the school's regimen. Ritalin is a drug. It is classified (FDA) in the same group of hazardous addictive drugs as cocaine, methadone and barbiturates. Its function is to dull and limit mental activity and capacity. It does to school children what other psychiatric drugs do to mental patients, enabling them to be warehoused with the least inconvenience to the staff. And this drugging is often done without informing the children or their parents of the potential side effects, that include sudden outbursts of violence. The reason given for the use of Ritalin is Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD), the name attached to symptoms such as fidgeting, inattention , etc. And yet, according to Peter Breggin, M.D., in his book, The War Against Children, "Ritalin can cause the very things it's supposed to cure, such as depression, exhaustion, withdrawal, irritability and suicidal feelings." He also lists inattention, hyperactivity and aggression as side effects. I have noticed the twitches and disfiguring facial tics of children on Ritalin, and have read reports of stunted growth. John Leland (Newsweek, Oct. 30, '95) reported: "Ritalin is addictive and can have the side effects of stroke, hyperthermia, hypertension and seizures." Why does all this sound familiar? Because we know that one, and perhaps both, of the shooters at Columbine School were on Ritalin, and reports now say Andy Williams (Santee HS in CA) was suicidal. An article in the New York Times under Child Health Alert (Jan '96) reported a link between Ritalin and cancer. Despite what schools and some psychiatrists say, ADD is not a disease, its symptoms are not even a sign that anything is wrong, and Ritalin is not a cure for anything. While schools refer to Ritalin as a "treatment," its effect is that of a punishment. In her book, And They Call It Help, Louise Armstrong calls ithe use of Ritalin, "the psychiatric policing of children. Ritalin is used to manage children, to control their mental activity and thus, their behavior. It has nothing to do with education in the usually accepted sense." Thousands of school children are suffering from being improperly drugged and/or being placed in LD classes. The labeling of children at an early age becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy -- the children learn to see themselves as defective and/or disabled in some way, and act out the part. Children don't need to be forced to sit still in boring classes and they don't need to experience misery as a preparation for adult life. More and more child development experts agree today, simply, that they need to go outside and play. Childhood is not a disease, and youthful energy does not need a "treatment."

 Canada and Freedom Canada has spoken out against lack of freedom of the press in Iran sure and thats great but when you consider the fact there is no foxnews channel there and it is because of the government this is so.... hmm... perhaps the Canada Broadcasting network should be the communist broadcasting network because it sounds to be so if you ask me. People who should have the right and access to foxnews are having to obtain it illegally via satelite not unlike folks in Iran. Sad stuff.

 American Candidate.com and tv show Yes see the site its a new reality show about normal folks running for president. I am to young to join but for fun here is my "site" feel free to comment perhaps supporting? My platform: Less government, better lives age:16 Ethnicity:caucasian Occupation: Student among other things Religion:christian, non denominational if you will Party: true republican not the current hijacked version full of maniacs fave current politician: hmm.. Bush is a likeable guy I like him just wish he'd do a better job and be more republican than he is. Locally I can't stand any local officials sadly which is not how I'd like it we kicked them out once here in Idaho and then basically re elected them. :( Fave president: Reagan was great, Washington, among others. NO one would guess: I dunno how about I play video games and watch anime and probably will until death. :) Play drums,bongo drums etc. pretty well to and of any sort just give me some time and I learn and do so quickly and well. Public office: none I have spoken with many in public office briefly how's that? And a bit of an activist. NO office though. Theme song: Star spangled banner by Jimi Hendrix :) And now my positions: Welfare: Abolish, privatize allow non profits and private donations etc. also abolish corporate welfare. taxes: much lower and flat! 20% or lower which the majority of americans agree is reasonable. Just enough to do limited small government I'll be running which is very little Social security: abolish, privatize let people deal with it themselves. Racial relations: Don't hate! "All men are created equal" a little something from our declaration of Independence, no affirmative action Middle east: Free and get democracy going in places such as Iraq and Iran, pro israel. Legalizing drugs:A crime to sell , legalize marijuana but not for sale to those under 20 or so. Stop the ban on smoking in public places. keep hard drugs illegal Immigration: If legal perfectly fine and all immigration is legal lets just keep the terrorist types out those that come and commite crimes can be deported or of course jailed. No issues with welfare because there is none. Health Care: private, universal health care will cause nothing but problems canada is an example. Gun control: none at all. Environment: Its fine, global warming is just the flavor of the times next something else! Sure conservation, recycling all that is good and is supported but government should not be involved its up to the people to do their part everyone step in and do your part! gay marriage: None of the governments business, not mine the two people in love. I personally am against homosexuality and marriage of the two but again none of my business yours. Education: Better results, more spending is not needed likely less is. Support charter schools and private let parents and students decide. Greatly privatize compared to the current. HOmeschooling also more widely supported. Get the curriculum to be less standardized, hell the whole system. No more federal involvment, state and local instead. Economy: will soar high! Prosper. less regulation of business, support small business death penalty: I have a problem with but am not sure on. Imagine killing an innocent man. I say like it is, rare but used. Abortion: 100% against, murder and murder is never justified. Never. In addition I would keep the draft out and of course pull us out of the UN.

 Saddam, Gitmo prison, Car bombs in Saudi Arabia and more Check the news its a busy day as was yesterday. car bombs in the capital of Saudi Arabia destroyed a government building, killed at least nine and injured dozens. Troops in Fallujah are once again under attack, treaty? My ass Al sadr is a thug all of his follows are they are a bunch of thugs from Iran that must be stopped with force apparently, further proof Iran is also an issue and that we have work to do and also aren't getting any help from lazy cowards:dominican republic, spain and others. Its crumbling and most unfortunately but the fight for freedom in Iran will continue and hopefully real Iraqis will step up and fight for their country as well against these thugs and work toward a free and well ran country. Gitmo prison down in Cuba has been in the news again lately with the same old junk about whether they should get trials in citizen courts. My response is no. These men are terrorists, plain and simple they belong in a military court. I do have to ask why we are renting land for a prison from cuba?! Yet another country that needs to be dealt with the people of this country flee to ours we turn them away most of the time and we have done nothing to help them hell we rent land from their oppresive government. Saddam is getting ready for a trial its still being debated whether he should be tried by Iraqi's or by a international court. Guess what its the Iraqi's as most americans at least agree that suffered and should decide what to do with him. Now its also an issue whether he should be done away with immediatly or tried to show the world his crimes. What why? Isn't already known? The UN isn't going to care they dealed with him along with UN members the crooked bastards! Let the Iraqi's decide whatever they decide (except say releasing him or something crazy like that) I will support. haha International what a joke.

 Armed clash leads to several deaths in Kermanshah http://www.activistchat.com/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=2047 SMCCDI (Information Service) Apr 21, 2004 An armed clash between the regime forces and a group of opponents has lead to the deaths of two and the injury of another individual. The action took place in front of Kermanshah's Biston Hospital located beside the Razi Agriculture Univesrity. The armed opponents were able to escape from the security forces by entering into the the university located on 200 acres land and were able to vanish. Armed actions against the regime forces and sabotage in its installations are in a constant raise. And they have my support, fight the good fight until victory!

 Dear bloggers and all activists: If you oppose this move by UC Davis officials please voice your opposition to Mr. Vanderhoef at lnvanderhoef@ucdavis.edu In Unity, ActivistChat.com UC Davis Chancellor to be welcome by oppressors of Iranian students http://www.activistchat.com/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=2032 SMCCDI (Information Service) April 19, 2004 The distinguished Chancellor of the famous and respectable "University of California at Davis" (UC Davis), Larry Vanderhoef, is to officially visit the land of repressed students at the head of a delegation composed by his collaborators and a controversial land developer of Iranian origin who's well connected to Iran's current official circles. Mr. Vanderhoef who seems to be seeking future opportunities has received an official invitation from the repressive and dogmatic heads of Tehran University known to have been involved in the denunciation, arrest and expel of hundreds of Iranian students seeking justice and freedom. He will be joined by four other respectable UC Davis officials for the journey April 25 through May 1, among them the deans of agricultural sciences and engineering. The land developer of Iranian origin who seems to have facilitated the contact and has converted in establishment of questionable "Academic Exchanges" is named Mohammad Mohanna of Sacramento. He will be also part of the expedition. The tyrannical and terrorist Islamic republic regime uses often naive or opportunist American scholars for its propaganda machine. They're in most cases approached by questionable individuals of Iranian origin seeking to foster their position among the illegitimate ruling circles of Iran. Vanderhoef can be reached via the following phone, fax and e.mail: (530) 752-2065 ; (530) 752-2400 fax ; lnvanderhoef@ucdavis.edu UC Davis' website is located at: http://www.ucdavis.edu/ I already have made contact, have you? Free Iran!

 Site issues as of late a few of todays post, one large post about America's candidate a new tv show you should look into for some reason wouldn't work.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Views - CATO - The Man Who Really Helped the Poor I saw this awhile back on cato website but just now found it again on fox read up. He deserves this award.

 urlLink Official Bush Site and urlLink Blog now with new look! Yes a new look for both check it out!

 Wi-fi and the law Wi-fi or wireless internet access is rather popular and its popularity is increasing. From cafes to hotels to your neighbors house. And of course government and law need to be involved in anything growing or successful etc. Canada for instance is now regulating this area of technology (although I believe they made the right stance on legalizing downloads) apparently if I connected to a network unknowingly etc. this would be crime theft of someones bandwith, the USA is on this route of action as well and its ridiculous. Leave it to the individual if you don't want people browsing your info or using your network and such I have one word:security this will help you greatly even then I don't find it to be a problem when people use mine I leave mine open this is just a waste of time, money etc. and government including certainly ours should stay out it will only complicate and make things worse. Think I'm crazy? Fine but tech enthusiast John C. Dvorak agrees with me check pcmag.com for his article it may not be up for a week or so if thats the case check out his article in the new issue of pcmag.

 urlLink Nationstates You really should give the game a try. Stop by my nation and have a look. haha. Some of the lowest taxes you will see on the game, a great economy,political freedom and personal freedoms not to mention a good strong defense and none of that international garbage! :) For fun I have another nation which is part of the Un in fact I am delegate of my region though a small region it is, just me and a few friends.

 Ah great day just kickin back and working out in the ol yard. :) Mt dew live wire is back on the market for summer some very good news! And spartacus the new movie on USA tv station is rather good I look forward to the finished product tomorrow. I have about 1-2 weeks of school till I'm finished and with some nice grades to go with graduating. And then I am free to pursuit other things! And the weather is improving as well and soon will stay. Not to mention today I was able to stay outdoors till about 9pm if I had liked

 Bill Clintons "my life" to come out in June Oh joy more of the clintons. I still fear hilary is gonna run. Anyway just a quick comment think about this the title is "my life" its always about him isn't it? haha He just won't go away. :(

 Random Complaints/commentary The california state government continues to spin out of control now trying to stop people from smoking in their vehicles, only if children are present of course. How about they back off? Next they're going for your home, no privacy no indivduality or self governing the state knows all shut up and listen. :( Not to mention other states including mine are following this sort of thing. Government getting out of control. Abolishing public school system? Is it possible? Well I'm working on a full blown article but you may say "what about the poor!" well actually my studies along with many others have found that with the abolishment of state/federal education the poor would not have to pay for public education as they do now (nor would anyone else) and could spend it elsewhere and actually cheaper private education/homeschool is available versus public. Financially my family is far better off homeschooling/distance schooling me via the internet and were also previously when I attended private school in person. Cheaper alternatives sound better to me, ones that actually work and definetly better. http://www.lp.org/lpnews/0406/florida_eminent-domain.html , the state is currently preparing to take some of my family's land to build road (its not really needed and this place takes along damn time to get the work done) not to mention they probably won't be giving us much for it and their info on the upcoming work was missing some stuff. So far some of this has improved. I guess as long as we are payed fair price for it and we were (somewhat) warned about it ahead of time. ITs a ways off but man its gonna suck. :( Nba playoffs are going well and I'm enjoying it the kings have moved on to round to as have the Lakers. I'm looking forward to the lakers vs spurs doesn't matter to me whom of the two wins.

 Pro-life libertarians, they do exist. http://www.theinterim.com/2004/mar/05yesvirginia.html I somewhat consider myself a libertarian and definetly one who is pro-life. This is from a Family/christian magazine in British Columbia canada I read a bit for more info on independent churches and the trinity college look up EFCA Give it a read.

 GOOD NEWS, BAD NEWS, UNBELIEVABLE NEWS by James W. Harris Homeschooled Adults Are Better Citizens "Politics and government are too complicated to understand." Amazingly, more than *one out of three* adult Americans who were educated in government schools answered "Yes" to that question on a recent survey. However, only 4% of adults who had been homeschooled answered "Yes." That's just one of the remarkable findings of a newly-published survey of over 7,000 adults, conducted by the National Home Education Research Institute. Homeschooled children have already shown impressive academic achievements when compared to their government-schooled counterparts. However, critics of homeschooling have sometimes charged that homeschooling could produce children who were not properly "socialized" and were so alienated from mainstream society that they would not, or could not, take part in community and political affairs. This new survey -- the largest of its kind ever conducted -- blows that theory out of the water. It found that adults who were homeschooled are far more active in political, community and charitable matters than the general population. Among the findings: * 14% of homeschooled adults ages 18-24 have worked for a candidate, party, or cause -- compared to 1% of their age group in the general population. * 76% of homeschooled adults (ages 18-24) have voted in the last five years, compared to 29% of government-schooled adults of the same age. * 95% of homeschooled adults (ages 25-39) voted in the last five years, compared to 40% of that age group in the general population. * 71% take part in community service (e.g., coaching a sports team, volunteering at a school, or working with a church or neighborhood association) compared to 37% of the general population. * Homeschoolers went on to achieve on average a higher level of college education than their government-schooled peers. More, the homeschooled adults surveyed overwhelmingly said they were happy and pleased with the experience, and a majority would homeschool their own children. I will likely be joining such folks. I homeschool I love it I plan on doing the same with my children. I am not an antisocial guy at least not in my opinion or anyone I have spoken to this week which is quite alot. ANd I am definetly interested in government and politics as well as my community and plan on voting as often as I can. The above article was taken from an issue of the online newsletter The liberator by the advocates for self government.

 In an apparent effort to widen the gender gap and assist the Kerry campaign, hundreds of thousands of pro-abortion demonstrators held a rally in Washington, D.C. Roughly 1,400 organizations were involved in coordinating the event, and scads of Hollywood celebs showed up. Attendees included Cybill Shepherd, Ani DiFranco, Ashley Judd, Lisa Loeb, Salma Hayek, Amy Jo Johnson, Kathleen Turner and Whoopi Goldberg. Techno-rocker Moby, Carole King and the Indigo Girls provided some of the background music. Whoopi addressed the crowd. In her hand was the scare symbol of choice - a wire coat hanger. As she brandished the prop over her head she screamed, We are one vote away from going back to this! The comic activist continued the theatrics. There is a whole generation of people who dont know what that is. This is what we used, and never again will this be the choice of any women in this world. Susan Sarandon directed her rally rage at President Bush. We reject, Mr. Bush, your hypocrisy. We reject your vision of the world, she squawked. And we shall vote in this upcoming election and prove it. Julianne Moore murmured that its important for them to realize that these rights are not a given, that we are going to have to fight for them. Additional celebs who endorsed the baby-snuffing gathering include Christina Aguilera, Jennifer Aniston, Bea Arthur, Ed Asner, Kevin Bacon, Alec Baldwin, William Baldwin, Meredith Baxter, Shari Belafonte, Polly Bergen, Stockard Channing, Jill Clayburgh, Glenn Close, Cindy Crawford, Sheryl Crow, Tyne Daly, Blythe Danner, Kristin Davis, Ossie Davis, Dana Delany, Laura Dern, Ellen DeGeneres, Fran Drescher, Kirsten Dunst, Hector Elizondo, Melissa Etheridge, Morgan Fairchild, Edie Falco, Frances Fisher, Calista Flockhart, Jane Fonda, Bonnie Franklin, Janeane Garofalo, Ana Gasteyer, Annabeth Gish, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Ed Harris, Marg Helgenberger, Helen Hunt, Swoosie Kurtz, Christine Lahti, Sharon Lawrence, Amy Madigan, Natalie Maines, Wendie Malick, Camryn Manheim, Frances McDormand, Ewan McGregor, Sarah McLachlan, Demi Moore, Alanis Morissette, Alyson Palmer, Mary-Louise Parker, Pink, Doris Roberts, Paul Rudd, Kyra Sedgwick, Martin Sheen, Julia Stiles, Sharon Stone, Charlize Theron, Uma Thurman, Heather Tom, Stanley Tucci, Ted Turner and Bradley Whitford I don't much care for any of these people anyway. A list of all those who support murder. Don't see kill bill, don't support any of these people if your a pro-life supporter, I'm disgusted no one has the "right" to take a life no one. :( good point Moore above made these are not rights not god given rights but rather immorality and murder that they wish to have legalized and thus must fight to do so because thankfully the majority of americans and many in public office realize its immorality, that it is murder. Whether a religious person or not one can come to the conclusion that this is murder which indeed it is.

 More randomness Today was rather nice. I found out from my net provider that my speed was boosted 3x what it once was which is pretty noticeable as it went from about 700k dl to 2mbps dl :) I just finished reading 20,000 leagues under the sea a fantastic book definetly a classic all should read and own, I'd say its verne's best book though its not his most popular that honor goes to around the world in eighty days. Heh. Just started reading some new books: William Gibson's Idoru which is the last of his books I need to read, he's great his latest book pattern Recognition was quite good. And I am reading Digital Fortress by Dan brown who's Da vinci code is a big hit right now I have yet to read the da vinci code but eventually will. I'm also looking forward to reading some other classics maybe robinson crusoe I never did finish it.. and Open society 1 and 2 look rather good. Summer is approaching today's temp hit 73 and sunny not to mention it was light out until about 9 pm. Speaking of time its rather late guess I'll go to bed now. :)

 urlLink Conservative Truth - An Open Letter to Arlen Specter - Tom Barrett - 2004-05-03 thought I'd share this with everyone.

 Idaho update-taxes,schools and so on. First up things aren't looking good for the change back to the 5 cent sales tax we've been told that it will be switched back from its current six cents it was raised to at the end of the year but it seems it'll be staying this high possibly longer, if not raised even higher? People are getting tax assesments I've heard from one local woman as high as 40% increase of what she once payed! There shouldn't be increase but decrease! Schools are seeing cuts and many are whining, the cuts so far are in the uneeded area of extra curricular activities and "community" education, this stuff is a joke and can all be handled privately without public funding I'm glad to see these cuts but would like to see them abolished. A big cut in busing is to be seen and this to is welcome, it'll save 1.2 million how's that a bad thing?! And its not being abolished just going to run more efficiently and be cut back a bit. Charter schools continue to pick up with a new internet school opening they are still largely publicly funded but run more efficiently educate better and well internet or not use less money. Charter schools publicly funded= less spending, better educating and so on this is to be encouraged as are peope attending private schools and such which many exist I'm still wondering why private/homeschooled students parents are still paying for a public education. Campaiging has begun in the districts mine being district 15 as usual pretty much everyone is a republican, I find them to all be alright but nothing all to great just good enough. Well two of three anyway a third I'd consider even below my bar of acceptance. Sales tax lowered, better spending of money and less of it, and how about lower these taxes. The Right to work law which helps keep those creeps (unions) out of Idaho will not be voted on this year (it has great support last I checked) and I myself support it, yeah I'm one of those anti Union people and there are a pretty good bunch of us up here (along with anti UN people I belong to this bunch as well) people complain the wages are lower and so on. Trust me keeping the mafia/organized crime out of Idaho and business here along with jobs is better than fewer businesses and jobs and bringing in organized crime and actually this thing seems to be working its a small minority against it and they're just fools. There shouldn't be a vote for something the people support until the majority is against it which here I doubt this will happen anytime soon, although we continue our road to becoming the second california-higher tax-banning freedom (smoking bans)- and of course eventually this law will go out the window and in come the mafia... oh unions ya sorry not much of a difference.

 urlLink the friday five is finally gone :( well it was fun. Furthermore stop by safesurf which has rated me appropriate to my age on up (15) a great way to not censor the net but keep everyone safe and happy. Thats about it for site news if you will.

 Thoughts on conservatism/republicanism and such. What is a republican? Not what it used to be. I like bush and many other republicans out there but it seems to me many republicans are not really republicans that the party has been hijacked, I believe bush is one of these "new" conservatives he is not what I would like to see. I want a president (non running this round really maybe next time?) who will not interfere in people's lives, land should be owned by individuals not government. Tax should be abolished and replaced with sales tax nationally. The borders I have concluded should be reinforced and tightened not loosened as bush wants I once supported this immigration of bush's and no longer do. I want troops pulled out of other countries I have no idea why we are still sitting in places like Japan, I still support a war on terror and finishing up in Iraq and also helping out with iran but hey we are to thinly stretched and looking to much like an empire than a republic. The patriot act is another problem, we at least need a re working of it but I'd prefer it be abolished. I'd like to see the draft finally abolished. And the usa pulled out of the UN. Isolationism? Whatever, I call this conservatism this is how things should be instead we have all these problems and its thanks to current republicans don't get me wrong it'd be as bad or worse under a liberal. Where's my party? I'm not sure but the one that supports the UN, that supports imperialism, taking away freedoms, taxing to death the citizens and so on is just not right this is not the way it should be. The Gop itself very much like our government needs great reform. We are on a continuing downward spiral as a nation as a people and the party as well it can be slowed perhaps but I doubt it will be stopped I support both it being slowed and stopped. The third parties known as the constitution party and libertarian party are the best we have and I'm not horribly pleased with either all that much. Well just some thoughts.

 "Despite our serious failure to prevent the attacks, it's disturbing to see how politicized the whole investigation has become. Which political party receives the greatest blame is a high stakes election-year event, and distracts from the real lessons ignored by both sides. Everyone on the Commission assumes that 9/11 resulted from a lack of government action. No one in Washington has raised the question of whether our shortcomings, brought to light by 9/11, could have been a result of too much government." --Ron Paul a little qoute on the recent discussion of 9/11 commision and such. As for those two who left early I find that disturbing, they care so much! :( and a quick comment on the torture picks floating around of what some of our soldiers a minority I might add have done to prisoners of war we have taken sickens me I hope these thugs will be dealt with appropriately and that this will not happen again or at least less often which I believe will be the case again this is not the whole of our troops just a disgusting minority praise the good which these creeps certainly are not. While your at stop by Ron Paul's website urlLink Project Freedom and read his latest column it makes a very good point I'm with him firmly as is my family who like the good Doctor he speaks of in the article are as free in our practice of healthcare as we can be.

 Iraqi's getting involved? Yeah the US army is finally getting Iraqis involved in their fight for freedom for country. Guess who? Former Generals and others who worked under saddam! The general said last week he was proud to serve saddam! Why the hell are we allowing this?! Get someone new! Lock this guy up or something! No one with ties to that scum should be accepted and yes more Iraqi involvement.

 Gluttonous Congressmen Pig Out Some of our Congressmen are pigs, according to the "Pig Book," as it's known to anti-pork crusaders in Washington, D.C. The "Congressional Pig Book Summary" is produced each year by Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW). CAGW president Thomas Schatz said at the group's press conference, "Republicans and Democrats alike have shown a total disregard for the $521 billion deficit and $7.1 trillion debt." It is clear that our representatives and senators shamelessly pursued their pork -- with no regard for the economy. Among the highlights: $100,000 for a historic Coca-Cola building in Macon, GA $200,000 for "recreational improvements" in North Pole, Alaska $9,929,000 for projects in Iowa $270,000 for livestock waste $8 million for a viaduct in Ohio $4 million for an "urban trail" in Baltimore $2 million to buy a high-speed catamaran in Taxachusetts $1 million for a parking lot in San Diego The biggest gluttons were Sen. Robert Byrd, (D-W.Va.), Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.) and Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska). Byrd has the dubious honor of the "Byrd Droppings Award" for his nearly $4.5 million slab of pork, which included -- appropriately enough -- $160,000 for poultry litter composting. But we are sad to report that a Republican -- Stevens -- was the recipient of the Whole Hog Award, bringing home the most bacon per capita. And Republican Specter received the Hall of Shame Award for "23 years of pork barreling at taxpayers' expense." Ironically, the CAGW press conference for its 2004 report featured Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who brought us the fiascoes of tobacco "settlements" and campaign finance "reform" and continues to seek a government solution and more bureaucracy for every perceived problem. McCain noted that pork legislation is inserted "in the dead of night" and is an "insult to taxpayers. We're doing a terrible thing to young Americans." CAGW says it has revealed $185 billion in wasteful spending since 1991. Source: Newsmax newsletter. Comments: :( and who the hell said Specter was a republican? Well I guess by today's standards he is bush supports him as do others hell the GOP is backing him up pretty much and if you ask me he's nothing but a damn socialist. The party has been hijacked by a bunch of socialists whats the difference between the two parties? The line blurs its getting harder to tell everyday.

 urlLink OnlyTheIssues.com I took it my results, non fiscal: 62, fiscal:100% hmm.. moderate morally and strongest of conservatives financially.

 Ah today looks to be another good one, the nba is on abc with the lakers vs spurs I'm looking forward to this :) Sit down this afternoon with a glass of tea and enjoy Do yourself a favor this will get you thinking and likely lauging:enter the word "waffles" into google and hit search, see what you get. :) This is all over but I thought I'd help spread it. Also I found another game similar to urlLink nationstates (click on my nation to the right to see mine) this new one is a bit different you actually have control over construction and wars etc. its titled: Earth 2025 its pretty neat from what I've played and its totally free as of now check it out at urlLink swirve.com swirve being the developer of the game. Enjoy. And now for weekly qoutes:They that can give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty or safety. --Benjamin Franklin Got this one for the patriot act And this one I found to be religious in meaning and rather liked it. Fear not death, for the sooner we die the longer we shall be immortal. --Benjamin Franklin and then this one of course Nothing in life is certain except death and taxes --Benjamin Franklin alright I guess that was qoutes of the week :)

 Sundays Sundays will now have special contents on this site or at least often will. For instance today I am offering up this link: urlLink The Most important thing is a great site I encourage all to view! Also a verse of the week:The Lord your God is with you, he is mighty to save. He will take great delight in you, he will quiet you with his love, he will rejoice over you with singing." -- Zephaniah 3:17 Look for this coverage and more every week.

 New RNC ad, Berg's beheading in schools, and more The RNC has released urlLink this new ad : many are rather upset he is being compared to a bug I however must say it makes a good point, that kerry is now trying to shed his past and say he is a fiscal conservative (he isn't, far from it) and that he is a centrist on social issues. I'd say he is liberal on both and this ad I am fine with though I could see the issue with it. Berg's beheading has been overshadowed largely thanks to the media by the Abu Graihb prison scandal as has I might note the UN oil for food scandal, however the video of his beheading though not shown on television has made its way onto the internet, I personally have decided not to view it. A few school teachers however in california have decided that they should show it to students without parental permission, without even asking or allowing students to leave the room till the video was over! And as for conservatives complaining about John Kerry's wife not paying her taxes I have to say to be fair that in several IRS documents I have read that income tax is voluntary so she payed more than she could have or had to. Also most americans agree that 20% or so is appropriate and what they'd like to see. I'd like to see a flat income tax of 20% or less, as for the voluntary it should be changed or the people should be told so! It is however rather upsetting that John Kerry, a supporter of higher tax at least for the rich that his wife is not even paying the current, would she then pay this raise of his? Taxing productivity is rather strange I must say however I'd say no american should pay income tax or at least not more than about what she payed and it should be flat! Why should productivity be taxed?!

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Views - Junk Science - Monsanto Caves to Activists on Biotech Wheat

 Reagan News:no university, and stem cell research First this:http://www.miami.com/mld/miamiherald/news/nation/8554019.htm?1c yeah no university named after the former President I'm a bit disappointed but hey. Now urlLink this dissapoints me though.MRs reagan may support this but I sure hope she leaves or would leave Ronnie out of it, him being a man of God I highly doubt he'd be a supporter whether it cure him or not. Principle. Obviously Mrs Reagan lacks strength, principles, and faith.

 Al Gore's new tv channel First we get air america radio network, soon Bill's book "my life" what an ego right? Of course maybe he meant it in a humorous way such as this sites title but I doubt it. Now we get an Al Gore tv program/network of news which he announced as such: "This is not going to be a liberal network, a Democratic network, or a political network in any way, shape, or form." --Al Gore announcing his purchase of a 24-hour Cable News Channel and this from SNL: "Al Gore announced Tuesday that he plans to launch a 24-hour cable news network for young adults. Gore claims he's been wanting to do this since he invented cable TV in the 1990s. --Tina Fey Now thats not only a damn lie guranteed but how the hell can you cover news without such? Unless its local news or like local news and he truly does keep politics out (impossible) not to mention he is a liberal former politician. :) haha

 "Now we can all lay us down to sleep, contented and purring. The world is at last at rest. President Bush said the magic word. He's 'sorry.' Of course he's 'sorry.' We all are.... Teddy Kennedy, who knows about having something to be "sorry" about, has been beside himself (which isn't easy in a small space), stoking the fire under Donald Rumsfeld. Nancy Pelosi, the Stonewall Jackson of Nob Hill, appeared with some of her minions yesterday to view the prison scandal with alarm, and one of them declared the war in Iraq as lost. One pundit suggested a presidential apology before a joint session of Congress. Another wants the president to fly all the way to Abu Ghraib Prison to deliver his mea culpa there, presumably in the nude... While he was at it yesterday, the president could have said how "sorry" he is for certain other things. He could have said how "sorry" he is that our Arab friends are so submerged in the eighth century that the civilized West has to send its sons and daughters over to straighten out what our Arab friends should be straightening out. He could have said how "sorry" he is that so many of our Arab friends devote their energies to blowing up other people's children when they could be getting to work building a state of their own, with the enthusiastic help of the rest of us, Jews included. He could have said how "sorry" he is, as a good Methodist, that the imams and other spiritual leaders of our Arab friends can't deal with their radical brothers so that the "religion of peace" becomes more religious and less intolerant, more peaceful and less violent, allowing the rest of us to go to sleep at night without worrying about waking up with 72 virgins in Kingdom Come." --Wesley Pruden Not to mention attention has been lost on the abuse of Iraqi citizens, innocent people not creeps who were abused from afar by the United Nations. I wanted to write something like this but when I found this I thought I'd simply post it, this to is from The Federalist, please subscribe its a great newsletter. One more comment/qoute:"This (Abu Ghraib prison incident) is the biggest coverup of all administrations. I would go so far as to ask for the impeachment of the commander-in-chief." --Rep. Dianne Watson, D-Stalin-fornia **Does anyone still wonder why their party's mascot is the jackass?

 Qoutes of the week "I love a dog, he does nothing for political reasons." --Will Rogers "And having looked to the government for bread, on the very first scarcity they will turn and bite the hand that fed them." --Edmund Burke Taken from urlLink The Federalist

 Which book of the bible are you? You are Proverbs. urlLink Which book of the Bible are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Take this quiz, urlLink here How grammatically sound are you? You are a GRAMMAR GOD ! If your mission in life is not already to preserve the English tongue, it should be. Congratulations and thank you! urlLink How grammatically sound are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Ha! This is proof I have grammar down! :P Take this one, urlLink here Thanks to urlLink coffeeswirls for these items. and while your at it I found urlLink this one to see if you make it to heaven or hell :) ???? I made it to heaven, :)

 Elephant movie review See the urlLink official site for info and trailer etc. It feels like a documentary/made for tv movie which it is well not made for tv but its a documentary of sorts based on the Columbine shooting of the late 90's. A chilling, pretty well done film a number of things could have been better if not many the ending for instance I just don't feel they accurately covered the happenings at least not the ending. Visuals and audio were fine but not oustanding, this is definetly a controversial film and it deserves the controversy, just not sure it does praise the movie was in my opinion not beyond or below lukewarm/so-so 3 of 5 rating. THe movie is rated R and it definetly deserves that rating you've been warned, its now available on video and dvd so consider picking it up.

 Site Update I've updated along with urlLink Blogger thus a new template which now includes: a new look (still not custom though) and a list of recent posts and archives,the latter not being an addition. I will get links added and my profile along with rss and email up and running again, as well as comments and trackback to :) The new blogger is rather nice, kudos to the blogger folks. :) More blogging soon!

 HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY ...to you moms out there. Without you, there probably would not be any of us. Taken from urlLink davebarry's blog I liked it so I am reusing it.

 Thomas Hamil interview http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,119391,00.html Glad he's back and safe very good news! A man of faith he says prayer got him through, he still believes we are doing the right thing and says he will return to Iraq.

 low carb..atkins yadda yadda blah! Its well lame in my opinion but its even pretty big here in Idaho I don't know anyone on the diet who has stopped eating or cut much on potatoes though but farmers are still complaining that because of all this they suffer.. stop it people at least eat your potatoes! I myself will continue to enjoy my carbs everyday. I've been dieting to eating healthier and all. Less sodium,sugar, more of the good stuff, less calories more excercise and I plan on for once maintaining all of it, I still eat carbs. urlLink Low carb blog best one I've found on the topic ANother reason I find this all so ridiculous anyone else seen these all low carb dedicated stores!? We have at least one here and the prices are horrible, even worse than the normal stores that now carry some products. Even sodas and beers now advertise low carb (mostly beer but yes even soda!) I was out today and saw a local Jiffy Lube (car care,oil change) had on its sign: Low carb oil changes.... ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!! Currently it is said 4% of the country is on this diet style, and most are in calorie denial says this webmd article (tons of low carb stuff on their site!) http://my.webmd.com/content/Article/86/99196.htm?z=1728_00000_1000_ln_01 Lots of money is being made at everyday stores, to specialty stores, to books/bookstores and of course food companies like urlLink Splenda have seen huge success I admit to using this product but not just for the low carbs mostly in baking. Otherwise I use Sweet N low for drinks and such. Crazy stuff haha.

 urlLink -Hansen's Beverage Company- I love soda I have to say I drink it not so often but I enjoy it when I do and I want to stay fairly health wise when I do well these are a pretty good choice for soda drinkers, they taste good and are calorie,sugar,caffeine and preservative free! Taste great to! Hoepfully hansen will bring more of its drinks to the diet area. Oh and send in your tabs to help out with breast cancer! :) Their regular soda is great to btw and I also enjoy Henry Weinhards sodas (expensive gourmet bottled soda from the famous brewer) mmm.. soda on a weekend

 urlLink Milton & Rose D. Friedman Foundation check it out. Furthermore consider this, under John kerry it is unlikely we will still have this great man, this wonderful economist working for us and likely as a result our economy will not do as well (not just because friedman will be gone) but because of many other things kerry would likely do. Anyway a great site/foundation milton has setup on school choice how its best for our education and our spending, most recently an economist in New Hampshire said a voucher system could save 50 million dollars there over a course of seven years.

 John McCain made some good points this week on spending in this country and whats going on with the Republican party however him running with kerry bugs me and I disagree with him on taxes he said "taxes should not be cut during this time of war" well spending and cuts on certain things yeah. Defense and this war we should spend on but alot of other things we shouldn't taxes would go down as spending and such did. Also you've by now heard about Bill cosby's speech on Brown v board, bravo! (prepares to be labeled a racist) *still can not believe spending 500$ on shoes Congress is now taking a break, bush visited capitol hill yesterday. This week they passed permanently the tax credits for families a great thing! I have to say I think the defense budget they were voting on I support as well (not sure if it passed or not) and of course I hope that energy bill gets passed! Just started reading a new book to: shadowmancer looks good I suggest you look into reading it :)

 urlLink ShopNetDaily.com - A WorldNetDaily Exclusive! a good book to pick up also I have to say I have come to this as well very much so I've came to this stance as well in various discussions and so on. Give the book a read and do some thinking as well.

 Kerry John Kerry has been about blaming bush for the gas prices and so on. Well what would he do? Piss them off more? Make us more reliable on them because he is not willing to drill here? Likely. He'd also raise the tax, he's shown support for such a thing in the past. You want to be paying 4-5$ a gallon like they do in britain? Vote kerry the candidate for gas tax, the candidate against vehicles especially SUVS (he drives one) and of course the candidate against drilling here thus making us just as depedent or more so on Saudi Arabia and whatever he will do to stop this will make us all suffer. Many conservatives are calling for John Kerry to resign his senate seat much like Bob Dole did when he ran. This would be a good move. Instead he does little or nor work in the senate recently missed a vote on I believe it was a labor issue dealing with overtime pay (correct me if I'm wrong I may be but it was something along these lines) which could have passed with one vote, his. Not to mention though he is not working or at least not much in the senate he is still collecting pay! Don't forget the man supports high income tax for all but even higher for the rich, whom is wife would classify as and then what? His wife pays less than everyone! (except those who refuse entirely which turns out they can!)

 urlLink Libertarians for McClintock I'm no longer a californian (born and lived there a total of 7 years) but may again someday be (maybe) as you know Arnold is the governor of cali now I foolishly supported him at least partially because I felt it better him than no one now I realize and admit my mistake, I should have went with principle. :( Consider my, partial endorsement now withdrawn and I say perhaps it should be considered.. another recall?

 urlLink Thomas Nelson, Inc. - Publisher of Christian Books, Videos, Software, Bibles and Children's Books Finally! Now that revolve is the hit it is we guys get an issue, I'd love to pick up a copy as soon as I can and I'll let everyone know how I like it.

 urlLink WorldNetDaily: Baptist activists: Pull kids out of school certainly a christian family sending its children off to a public school is rather strange when they disagree with most of what is being taught there or would if they'd pay attention. Not to mention the public schools are failing to teach basics like math and reading etc. but rather are spending time indoctrinating and brainwashing students and doing a poor job actually teaching. Proof exists and studies show private and homeschooling children do much better academically than those who attend a public school an

 "They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Benjamin Franklin A qoute I thought fit my being against the patriot act pretty well. "Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it." -- George Bernard Shaw "Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God." John Bradshaw "He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression." -- Thomas Paine some reasoning in my support of freedoms such as the right for homosexuals to marry, this will soon be the case in Mass. by the way a state of social freedoms and well financial oppression Enjoy.

 Worst President In History? Monday May 17 Regardless of whom you will vote for in the election, this is interesting. There were 39 combat related killings in Iraq during the month of January..... In the fair city of Detroit (Michigan) there were 35 murders in the month of January. That's one American city, folks--- about as deadly as the entire war torn country of Iraq! Worst president in history? The following appeared in the Durham, NC local paper as a letter to the editor. Liberals claim President Bush shouldn't have started this war. They complain about his prosecution of it. One liberal recently claimed Bush was the worst president in U.S. history. Let's clear up one point: We didn't start the war on terror. Try to remember: it was started by terrorists before 9/11. Let's look at the "worst" president and mismanagement claims. Lincoln allowed the US to fall into civil war. How would you like a nice Civil war today? You could go and kill your out of state relatives! FDR led us into World War II. Germany never attacked us: Japan did. From 1941-1945, 450,000 lives were lost, an average of 112,500 per year. Truman finished that war and started one in Korea; North Korea never attacked us. From 1950-1953, 55,000 lives were lost, an average of 18,333 per year. John F. Kennedy started the Vietnam conflict in 1962. Vietnam never attacked us. I think history might show Eisenhower committed the troops and Kennedy was honoring that commitment. Johnson turned Vietnam into a quagmire. From 1965-1975, 58,000 lives were lost, an average of 5,800 per year. Clinton went to war in Bosnia without UN or French consent; Bosnia never attacked us. He was offered Osama bin Laden's head on a platter three times by Sudan and did nothing. Osama has attacked us on multiple occasions. In the two years since terrorists attacked us, President Bush has liberated two countries, crushed the Taliban, crippled al-Qaida, put nuclear inspectors in Lybia, Iran and North Korea without firing a shot, and captured a terrorist who slaughtered 300,000 of his own people. We lost 600 soldiers, an average of 300 a year. Bush did all this abroad while not allowing another terrorist attack at home. Worst president in history? Come on! The Democrats are complaining about how long the war is taking, but...It took less time to take Iraq than it took Janet Reno to take the Branch Davidian compound. That was a 51 day operation. We've been looking for evidence of chemical weapons in Iraq for less time than it took Hillary Clinton to find the Rose Law Firm billing records. It took less time for the 3rd Infantry Division and the Marines to destroy the Medina Republican Guard than it took Teddy Kennedy to call the police after his Oldsmobile sank at Chappaquiddick. It took less time to take Iraq than it took to count the votes in Florida! A little in advance.

 Bremer says if the USA is wanted out by Iraqi's it will be done And I have to say I'm glad to hear it, I feel this way as well. If they don't want us there we shouldn't be there same goes for other countries we may be in that don't want us or we simply need not be involved in militarily. Also I have to say that indeed the Abu Graihb issue did get me among many other conservative/war supporters reconsidering our stance I've come to the conclusion I support it still however we should turn the country over fully as planned JUne 30 and simply make our actions toward that nation economical (trade etc. business) and of course have an ambassador all that good stuff but let them deal with their issues and country we can just help out but limited I might add when it comes to financial spending over there, let them defend themselves and rule their country not us let us simply wish them the best of luck and support both ourselves and them (they recieve we recieve ) and so on is my stance.

 urlLink President's Radio Address sorry its a bit late I tried posting it this morning after it aired but it seems to have failed so here ya go now.

 urlLink ACLU gets Bible verse back in local yearbook wow! I'm glad to hear this these guys aren't just one sided! They got something right. I must say I also agree that the students they recently defended (one for a pro anarchy shirt and the other making a political statement against bush) I supported as well.

 Seat belt laws I think about his often, at least lately I have been. The laws here just got more strict and are being enforced better. Give this article a read:http://www.reason.com/hod/tb052704.shtml

 http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2004/05/20040529.html- Bush's weekly radio address this week he speaks of ww2 and the new washington memorial in its honor. Check out various sites and newschannells for coverage.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Views - Bush, Kerry and Hypocrisy I backed up Arnold on his groping issues and I would clinton, thats right I would I take that conservative position no matter who you are. Only thing I'm against is clinton having sex while on the job in the oval office in the white house which is disgraceful. I thank kerry for his service and that is all I've done in terms of his war service and all I will I could care less about that really and will not make it an issue and I don't blame bush for what he did either but hey thats just me.

 urlLink Kerryopoly Funny. Yep he owns a nice little setup here in Idaho, I'm ashamed haha :(

 Political Conventions Well we've all heard alot about convention security and terrorist attacks on them this summer but have you heard a thing about their spending? yes well democrats and republicans both of their conventions combined will cost taxpayers a hefty 79 million dollars! Now I'm not sure who pays more or how much more but I'll try and find out. I have also found out the now in process libertarian party's convention in Georgia is completely tax free its 100% independtly/privately funded, kudos.

 According to last year's survey by the General Services Administration, the total amount of U.S. land now owned by the federal government stands at a mind-boggling 671,759,298 acres, or 29.6% of our country, mostly in the west and Alaska. No less than 91.9% of Nevada is owned by the feds, while on the whole only 2.4% of all federal lands are secured for military purposes. In addition, 5.1 million acres are classified as "vacant," meaning the land's government ownership has no definable purpose, not even a lousy one. From: The federalist newsletter latest edition, Friday. Now this is insane! 30% of the nation is government owned and you know its just gonna grow hell nevage is nearly entirely owned! Alaska is pretty bad to. Obviously at least 5 million acres should be released as they're vacant in classification. Only 2.4% are used for military purposes, the governments only truly needed service that would warrant them owning this land. I say more of this land needs be sold into private hands unless actually used for military or other absolutely nescessary purposes 5 million vacant acres and I'm sure alot of other acres need not be government owned!

 Thoughts on: The day after tomorrow film Well as expected it was garbage. I loved all the liberal junk they managed to pack in it. The whole Americans being blocked from entering mexico, the america on its knees to third world nations, the america destroyed or at least damn near so this is what liberals are all about. Did I mention the movie was also shot in canada? Not just because its apparently cheaper over there to make a film (this must be fixed!) but I doubt they'd wanna make one anyway. Not to mention how hilarious and over the top the movies happenings were, and the supportive position it took towards the kyouto act an act that would have destroyed our nation and thats what is was put forth for. Also al gore is out or at least has been campaigning for the film. Don't waste your time I already did mine so you don't have to trust me. Article that backs me up, scientists speak out, enviros love it: http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,121272,00.html

 ake the quiz: urlLink "Which American City Are You?" Seattle Your dark exterior masks a caffeine driven activism. You'll take up a cause and you'll get ugly to advance it.

 The marriage issue Well while we all worry about various things and far less than we should about defense threats are floating about and it seems we are losing our focus this bugs me defense should be our focus not all these other trivial things, a religious group is actually trying to succeed from the Union that we are and become its own nation! I have to say that marriage is a religious issue it is not for the government to deal with but the churches (or of course folks can just live together that aren't into church and such) when the government got into the business of marriage was and still is a mistake. And nowhere have I read in the founding documents or elsewhere that it is a right to marry! Just some thoughts and I believe this backs me up on getting government out of this.

 urlLink The Land of the Free - Conservative Politics in the United States of America I got an A! :) how about you? Seems liberals don't do to well. For instance 0% knew the states is a republic not democracy! ANd of course the whole issue with seperation of church and state was nowhere in the constitution! They get it wrong the church is just not to endorse a specific church, say catholic or something.

 urlLink Newsday.com - Opinion interesting stuff this has been. Read the article.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Views - ifeminists - Death by Theory? a great article, horrible stuff :( read it and do some thinking.

 Foreign aid http://208.185.150.145/.1ad450fe/trackback- a blog post on citizens against government waste Here is the article ron paul wrote up on this:http://www.house.gov/paul/tst/welcome.htm I'm fine with foreign aid when its in our best interest and or at least spent well but when its used such as this, poorly I am fully opposed its not going to people its going to business and government and really doing no good.

 washingtoniennearchive.blogspot.com/ this is the site of a women recently fired by Republican Mike Dewine of Ohio for misusing senate pc's (to write a weblog) and of course the fact she was accepting money for giving sexual services and of course I have to say I would have done the same heres a nice bit of the site:"I have a "glamour job" on the Hill. That is, I could not care less about government or politics, but working for a Senator looks good on my resume. And these marble hallways are such great places for meeting boys and showing off my outfits!" end qoute So she could give a damn about anything just meeting boys, her pay which isn't that bad really is lousy so she'd sure as heck want or try and get a raise from the taxpayers Citizens agains government waste have a nice post as well on their blog about it in a similar sense as I. Sad stuff.

 Cal Thomas speaks truth in both of his latest articles! http://www.townhall.com/columnists/jackkemp/jk20040524.shtml - and I to commend Cosby for speaking up and totally agree also I admit I love the show :) http://www.townhall.com/columnists/calthomas/archive.shtml - in this one he makes a good stand as well. Really both the homosexual marriage will be a troublesome thing but these folks the majority of americans out against it are also many the same who divorce and certainly are not as traditional on values and family as they say or should be. In 2002 the government spent 30 billion dollars on heterosexual divorce, thats not considering the children I know I would take issue with it, it'd bug the heck out of me for alot of reasons including the fact I am against such a thing and prefer an intact family to be a part of. Since 1950 when 43% of america was traditional family if you will it is now down to a percentage of 23% or so. gay marriage is inevitable I agree with cal how about we live by our laws our principles and lead by example you know?

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - U.S., Britain at Odds on Iraq Resolution sometime soon after we turn it over in July I'd like to get an idea or date or general one at least of when we pull out and they are really sovereign which with us their and all and their being in the UN they truthfully are not. I think Tony blair made a good point and I agree with him but of course our guys should always defend themselves as well. Less troops I believe are nescessary as well which our Generals say is the case so I say we pull some out wh

 Foreign aid, millenium act bill commentary by Ron Paul http://www.house.gov/paul/tst/welcome.htm Good stuff in this article, good stuff!

 urlLink Group Wants Trans Fats Banned *rolls eyes* why don't people just not eat such products if they don't want to? This is nuts. I tend to shy from such foods myself but banning them will only hurt businesses and take away choice for people, ridiculous. More insanity.

 got a copy of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act this morning, and it turns out the bill's flavor restrictions apply only to cigarettes. Specifically, the bill says: A cigarette or any of its component parts (including the tobacco, filter, or paper) shall not contain, as a constituent (including a smoke constituent) or additive, an artificial or natural flavor (other than tobacco or menthol) or an herb or spice, including strawberry, grape, orange, clove, cinnamon, pineapple, vanilla, coconut, licorice, cocoa, chocolate, cherry, or coffee, that is a characterizing flavor of the tobacco product or tobacco smoke. So clove cigarettes would be banned by the bill, but cherry pipe tobacco, fruity waterpipe mixtures, and wintergreen smokeless tobacco would still be legal. The rationale, presumably, is that fruit, spice, and other nontobacco flavorings make cigarettes more palatable to novice smokers, especially minors. (This sort of objection, which gives no weight to the interests of adults who happen to share the tastes of teenagers, also has been raised against sweet malt beverages such as Zima and Mike's Hard Lemonade.) I guess it's just a happy coincidence that Philip Morris, one of the bill's main backers, does not make any of the brands that would be prohibited, although it does make menthol cigarettes, which are specifically exempted from the ban. :( fantastic. Oh and now they're going to try and tax internet sales of tobbaco products, more and more of this trash just keeps coming and soon more states and countries will jump on the smoking ban in public places to (even if they're privately owned businesses) sad stuff

 urlLink Bush's Remarks on Iraq at the Army War College (washingtonpost.com) watched it live on tv awhile back I have to say I'm glad he did this. Gives us the info on what is to happen. I have to say that maybe it would be better to have less troops in there and better funding for those still there, I also have to question this whole sovereignty thing, if they're soveriegn they can kick us out right? They do also not have to thus be a part of the UN which I'm fine with in fact I find it disgusting we have them enter or that they do considering these are the people that stole food right out of their mouths, if I were them I'd be telling the UN to screw off which I am and have been doing right here all along anyway. Not a bad speech and again I hope things work out very well and I'll be keeping an eye on things

 urlLink Boston Globe Online / City & Region / Child ID system makes its mark :( not a good development if you ask me, nor are these new RFID tags coming out in stores like walmart. Or the globalist, anti soveriegnty, worthless UN and the statist, anti free trade WTO Honestly this all just bugs the hell out of me. Oh and a great letter recently sent to congress I'd like to republish: Big Government - Big Mistake http://www.conservativeposts.us How many people in this country truly believe that we live in a country where we are truly free to do as we please, assuming we don't infringe upon someone else's rights? That would be an interesting poll to see on CNN someday wouldn't it? The next question I would ask in the poll would be how many people think that the US government is being run in accordance to the plans of our founding fathers? I would hope that the results of both polls would yield an unpleasant result for the liberal media, but unfortunately I know that it wouldn't, because there are many Americans who are content with the way things are, and don't want to bother questioning their elected officials actions, for one reason or another. Let's think about the first question. If we were truly free to conduct our lives independent of any government authority, assuming our actions don't harm others, would we be worried about trivial things such as wearing a seat belt, or a bicycle helmet? No, we wouldn't, and we shouldn't have to either. Think about the potential consequences of not doing one of those. In a world with no government interference, the only thing that can happen is you cause injury to yourself. No one else is going to get injured from your own stupidity in those situations. If you choose to drive your car without a seat belt, or ride your bike without a helmet who am I, or anyone else for that matter, to tell you that you can't do it? Sure it may save your life, but the government's job isn't to meddle in your personal decisions. Let's also think about all the other ways that the government involves itself with our everyday lives. You can't drive a car (legally) without the prior consent of the government, by getting a license. Once you've gotten your license, you can't drive your car without registering it with the government. If you come across a nice piece of land that you wish to build a house on, you'll have to first check with the government to make sure that the land is zoned for residential property. Once your home is built, you'll probably want to get married and start a family. You won't be able to do that without first a blood test, and then a marriage license. If you and your spouse for some reason decide not to have children, you may wish to get a dog, but hold on, you'll need a license for that vicious poodle. Once you've finally settled into your new home, you'll soon find that the fine piece of real estate you've selected qualifies for additional property taxes because it has "a nice view". And since you've built such a fine home, and have a lovely family, you'll want to do whatever you can to protect them. But you'll have to hold off for a little while, because you won't be able to get a gun permit until you've passed your background investigation, paid the appropriate fees, and filled out the proper paperwork. And even then, you'll only be able to purchase certain types of guns/magazines/ammunition because you're too dangerous for the government to trust with a magazine capacity of any more than 10 bullets. When you wake up in the morning, you may wish to take a shower, or go to the bathroom, but you won't be able to use the water that you have paid for at the pressure you want, because the government has regulations on acceptable residential water pressure. In other words, you probably won't feel as clean as you want to feel after cleaning up the mess you made when you clogged the toilet, since the water does little more than trickle out of the shower head. Speaking of water, say you want to put in a swimming pool in your backyard. You'll have to make sure that you check with the town you live in, to find out how far away from your neighbor's property your swimming pool has to be on your property. Say you want to smoke a cigarette. You won't even be able to buy a pack, without paying a hefty government imposed tax, which can be 50% of the cost of cigarettes or more when you include the state, city/county, and federal taxes. Even once you have your pack of cigarettes, you won't be able to smoke in many restaurants, or other public places, because the government feels that you're forcing other patrons of those establishments to stay there and suffer by inhaling your second hand smoke. (There's a reason why most places allow smoking where the government doesn't regulate it.) All of these government interferences on our lives have no place in government, as far as the founding fathers were concerned (can you guess what my answer to the second question above would be?). By slowly interfering with our everyday lives, the government makes us less dependent on ourselves, and more dependent on our elected officials, who care, for the most part only about their personal well being. Why do we let this happen? Is it because we think the government is always going to be there to protect us from all of life's inconveniences? If world history's trend continues into modern day America, we'll soon find that the government will be life's biggest inconvenience. -Scott DeLuzio Conservative Posts Great letter, the congress has posted it on its site.

 New bill in congress proposes regulation of smoking Yep the battle the movement to ban smoking continues as if it isn't bad enough my "free" state just banned smoking in many public areas congress and I'm sure they will get some or great support from my congressman etc. to ban flavored smokes, not to mention limit sales and this will I gurantee you hurt the tobacco farmers and smokers, gonna pay more for smoking more tax and so on. Horrible stuff.

 urlLink The Great Migration to Freedom Land the midwest answer the free state project in NH, actually all of these states were up for being used but NH won the votes. I'm already in Idaho so no need for me to move :)

 THE HOMESCHOOLERS A new band I just discovered and yes 4 of the five are homeschoolers it turns out from what I've heard I like their music but I've only heard about 5 tunes. Here is their site: urlLink thehomeschoolers.net Speaking of homeschooling I'm still doing it this will be my third year now in the tenth grade I start in mid september or so. I've been finished for over a month, I got done early and with honors :) but have one problem I just found out it is going to cost more to attend next year. I guess I don't technically homeschool I actually attend an academy over the net which is distance learning I believe is the term heres my curriculum supplier: urlLink AOP or alpha omega publications Its pretty great I can work at my own pace when I want and such I like it and recomend at least trying it out.

 Reagan passes on :( Due to complications involving pneumonia the gipper as he was often fondly called has finally passed I consider it not such a horrible thing seeing as he was suffering and his poor wife as well who has remained strong through all this. He was a wonderful man, a man of principle and faith. A great president as well. Plenty of coverage on tv,radio and the net so have a look around.

 urlLink CNN.com - Republicans:?White House open to tobacco buyout - Jun 3, 2004 how about they stay out of it? No higher tax, no buyout! Leave smokers and farmers alone and leave the producers of tobacco products alone as well.

 urlLink Press Release give it a read you'll need adobe's pdf reader.

 Bush In Rome/D-Day Today bush is abroad in Rome for D Day and while he is there people are protesting the current war in Iraq rather than offering thanks to america for freeing them during ww2, its unfortunate and I believe inapropriate to protest at this time dealing with D-Day. If it were not for America they would not be able to protest in the first place and not to mention we helped rebuild Europe rather than leaving them to rebuild themselves or to have freed themselves in the first place. Many of these people are not represenative of all Italians in fact a number of them are their for reasons that they hate capitalism and government of any kind you know the anarchists whom are also causing trouble which most of the protesters wish not deal with.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Students to Be Graded on Weight !!!???? insane. I don't get it now there is even a time/abc obesity summit. Why not get the government out of all this and switch back to personal responsibility? This should be a problem for the kids and their parents and the schools shouldn't issue these report cards its a waste of time and money and really a bit intrusive and unesscessary. Same with the summit, at the summit much was pointed out in support of individual responsibility when lyn swan spoke of friends who had lost weight etc. on their own without government! When it was mentioned that many businesses are voluntarily offering health info and healthier products! Worried about the healt costs of insurance and taxes? Privatize and leave it to the individual. This along with the banning of soda and numerous foods in schools and tobacco issues as of late=health fascism.

 urlLink Digital Freedom Network "Advancing freedom worldwide through information and technology" great site they have stuff on books banned and freedom issues around the world from the mideast to asia and right around here. A few articles on the site I liked on free trade http://www.dfn.org/articles/currentevents/americas/outsourcing.html Ah yes I've seen lou's ranting *rolls eyes* And this latest one:http://www.dfn.org/articles/currentevents/americas/TheAUSFTA.html I have to say I'm sad to hear we aren't taking as firm a stance on free trade with our 18 year ease into it plan. :( Not entirely free trade and not all that fair either to the aussies. Sorry guys.

 urlLink USATODAY.com - 'Day After Tomorrow': A lot of hot air as you know I recently wasted my time and money on this film (well not my money I let a friend pay) and I have to again agree with this fellow and many others who also agree. Yes we have a drought out here but its not global warming and it can and is being dealt with well. As for mccains bill, I'm dissapointed in him a bit with this among other things hope it fails again to I'd vote against it anyway but thats just me.

 urlLink Government Has No Business Interfering With What You Eat. great article read it!

 urlLink Rich Lowry: The Day After Tomorrow

 urlLink Citizens Against Government Waste: Introduction :( well thanks to those who did get good scores and please look to improve! Of course liberals were low on this horribly so! Also I noticed Pat Toomey got honors to bad bush and voters backed Specter :(

 urlLink Opinion Editorial | EPIonline.org keep it the same if not lower it. Rid the world of unions and get rid of these minimum wage laws. Libertarians are with me, most conservatives (well not those offering a 20% hike) guess I'm a right to work kinda guy, we have a big deal of that up here in Idaho thank god! Unemployment is what this will cause and of course outsourcing which I though liberals hated can't blame these businesses when they're taxed and regulated to death and of course this to just to be here!

 urlLink Tenn. nursing homes to install sprinklers by 2006 and its happening in Idaho to at least it soon will my parents who own a place for elders have received a notice warning of this. I am of course oppossed it is costly and in many cases unesscessary for us and many if not most small businesses in this area it is yet we will be forced to do so anyway and next up on the war against small business along with this new regulation is the pushing forward for socialized care and medicine thus soon such places will not exist, sad stuff. We ( I say this truthfully and humbly) offer and many many people back us up including state officials themselves a great facility and yet at some point we will cease to exist thanks to the great and powerful state which wages a war against us that is already painful and costly enough it could be worse but we resist much, refusal of medicaid for sake of profit? No we'd rather them pay us a low wage and keep out the government regulations that would be worse. Talk about a "quagmire"

 Libertarian Party announces candidate http://www.lp.org/press/archive.php?function=view&record=661 And points out my point bush could lose votes to them which I pointed out yesterday.

 urlLink Conservative Truth - A Free Iraq MUST Be Free of Foreign Control - Mary Mostert - 2004-05-31 in absolute agreement.

 http://www.usmemorialday.org/ Its memorial day, I encourage all to stop by their local veterans hospitals,graveyards and so on. I thank all those who fought for this great nation I am like all other citizens of this country forever in your debt and I can speak for myself, greatful. Note: Grandfather fought in korean war, the "forgotten" war which is sad because it seems that way. I thank him though he is no longer on this earth with me. I'll be sending some things to his grave in california which I've visited twice and will be hanging out at the local hospital for the tenth time since I've lived in Idaho (tenth time not to visit only my grandfather) again I encourage all to do the same this is not just a day for BBQ Check out the ww2 memorial coverage thats on and visit if your in that area I hope to see it soon I'm pretty happy with it though it bugs me the lack of stars and some of the not so great qoutes, but nothing is perfect. I'm still pretty ticked it took so long as well. AGain great thanks and a reminder to give thanks and give some thought on all this.

 urlLink Neal Boortz: The dumbing down of America A great article, read it and do some thinking .

 The Third party threat We've heard alot about Ralph nader effecting the election, hurting John Kerry but no one has spoke much about Bush losing votes to a libertarian candidate. It seems urlLink Badnarik will be taking it home which is fine with me he's a fine fellow but I have to say I rather like Gary Nolan I think he is a wise choice we shall see but either way people should consider the threat third parties like the libertarian party are and pose. Bush could and will lose votes to these guys no matter how hard he and the republican party which is trying hard to keep them contained and less ably to be voted for (ballot access etc) sad I thought we were pro democracy here but it seems not. So look for votes going to third parties and it will probably be the most we've ever seen. Stop by urlLink Lp.org I have to admit I'm leaning in favor of these guys than bush and the current Republican party. The third party threat. Its not a wasted vote either if more people voted as such and these guys were able to debate and get ballot access things would be different. Vote on principle not the lesser evil of the two etc. would I rather see bush than kerry? Certainly and hopefully I will of the two but I must also say I am not against those who vote for a third party I battle with the issue myself

 urlLink Untitled Document this is great, funny. I scored... last one- you are a lost cause stay home and lock the door wait for next american revolution. I know whats politically correct for the most part but I don't care. :)

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Jury Acquits Graduate Student in Terror Case we here in Idaho are not fans of the patriot act and are big supporters of freedom certainly however a line needs be drawn between freedom of speech and promoting terror,murder and the like. I'm not so sure myself that he is innocent I don't buy it.

 America, Reagan and the french I've supported the french against the whole arguement "they are a bunc of cheese eating surenderer monkeys" many conservatives have put forth and most americans now dislike france maybe not the people as that would be a foolish generalization but the leaders of the country and many of its citizens who much like those here hate them and its just wrong either way. I believe we should repair the friendship which has been for 200 years which should never have been damaged. Do I think the french government is very much against ours and that its not just friendly, healthy competition? Yes and its on our side as well as theirs. Am I upset Chirac did not pay respect in attending reagans funeral? Yes I certainly am. Do I think we should further boycot and continue this mess? NO. Oreilly releasing his new boycott france bumper stickers is well not something I would do if you want to fine but as for me I do not hate france or its people I do not care for its government or what is going on between the two of us however either.

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - Ronald Reagan

 urlLink Must a Christian be a Libertarian? a great article I stumbled across give it a read.

 urlLink New R-Card Allows Underage Teens to See Forbidden Films a great idea actually I believe its come up before.

 Buy Idaho, Buy america. All this worry about outsourcing got me thinking that of course one solution is as I've said before less taxation and regulation but also its funny many people don't buy local at all or care at all. Its pretty funny to see someone riding in or driving a toyota or other foreign car with an america flag or something about american pride when there car is not american made or the company is not american owned and operated sure many of the businesses still employ americans. Here in Idaho we have a great program called Buy Idaho that encourages people to buy local produce and other products and its working very well I might add I say we try something like that on the national level to encourage people to buy american again or more. 54% recently polled said they'd pay more for an american product 2/3 of those polled say they check to see if a product they buy is american made. My family drives nothing but american made cars, I've heard foreign ones are better made and cheaper and if I find that to matter more to me fine but I don't. When you have a great 15 year old american made truck that was pretty damn affordable I disagree. I just went shopping for some furniture at a store yesterday for a tv stand and I found an american made product that was in the same price range as all the others and I'd say its built as well or better than one from elsewhere. Buy american. Note:now don't get me wrong I'm not condemning you or the purchasing of/for buying imports (I love a number of foreign collectibles and foods myself) I just say consider/try to be supportive more often you will find american products are often superior to others and not always more expensive its also a bit hypocritical of those protesting outsourcing to be doing such things not to mention one reason few things are made here anymore is we drove it all out like we are now doing tech jobs with our over regulation and taxation and such. If not for that we'd still be making our own things and such

 urlLink CBLDF - Press Releases: New Censorship Bill Turns Parents into Prosecutors have to say I am against this one as well. At least a cap was put on it so nobody can sue for more than 10,000 but still. I have to admit I'm a big comic/manga fan so I may be biased but I'm trying to be fair comics aren't just for young kids ( I don't read the more adult stuff myself) and this is not needed but if we need any this is the best choice of such a bill.

 urlLink CNN.com - Bill bans teens from tanning booths - May 21, 2004 I'm a bit late on this but hey. I'm with the republicans who are against meddling in personal choices.

 Reagan links and coverage urlLink The heritage foundation urlLink George W Bush's Response http://rememberronaldreagan.com/ a site thats just popped up check it out. Also a song floating about "I remember Ronald Reagan" which is avialable on several sites its a good one. I've heard people speak of how he made americans proud again, proud to be americans got them to sing the songs and raise the flag rather than burn it, many of us are still proud and still have our flags and still sing those songs I count my self among them but yes it isn't as popular as it was then or should be.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - You Decide 2004 - Kerry Proposes Minimum Wage Raise I don't think at least to those who understand economics at all how this like many of kerry's other economic policies is insane! (taxes, protectionism,and now this!) DO some research, check out some economics sites and learn something if anything it'd be best to abolish minimum wage which causes unemployment which kerry would only make worse than it already is, not better.

 Blog Iran! Has a new flash animation you should check out as well as a new campaign to get people to join in the blog Iran organization/movement. Please do join me and other fellow bloggers (and non bloggers) in supporting freedom for Iranians and their nation. Also check out some of the articles they have posted. And this new site:http://www.sosiran.com/bdyE_Home.htm Finally Iran is getting attention at least somewhat in the news the most it has anyway. Is it much from governments such as the USA, britain or other nations or what of the UN? No. Can all this be dealt with peacefully and such? Certainly or at the least some effort should be made to and really Iranians can bring about the change themselves and I believe can and eventually will as they have been working to (unlike Iraqis) for some time now and will continue until they suceed but it is no help to them, the silence of the United states, the support given to the Iranian government by Britain and others and the silence of the Un as well I might add and lack of action you'd think it would take.

 Saudi Arabia Well we lost another american today, Paul Johnson to some thugs in this country that very much is a problem. You here little about it and how it treats its citizens how the "Royal family" (that alone is bothersome) is wealthy and the citizens poor and this has to do with the oil which the people have little to do with really except that if not for them it would not be produced etc. This is the country that does not crack down on thugs who kill foreigners and even its own citizens. I say the sauds best stand up and do something I'm not just speaking of the government which may well finally do something now or in the future but I say saudi arabia like Iran and Iraq could use a change in government a replacement and major improvement. Check out http://unix.dfn.org/Saudi_Arabia.shtml for some coverage.

 urlLink Zimbabwe: Property Rights

 Senate votes to send 20,000 more troops to Iraq Well if its absolutely needed, fine. But is it to much to ask that the iraqis do there part? We could actually do with less involvement if they took over there own country! Bush and a number of military men/experts have said that more is not needed and indeed less is probably best but whatever. Many say we must stay very much involved and such to prevent a civil war and the like I say that may need to take place much like it once did here in our own country. I also have to say we should not stay in a country we are not wanted in but if wanted we should provide aid to a developing country sure which I believe Iraq will ask of us and we can do for the good of both nations and the world.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - House Passes Corporate Tax Bill good stuff! Glad to see it passed and the problem is being dealed with and that even some democrats joined in!

 Southern Baptists say no to resolution They voted it down! The resolution I've been speaking of, see this link: http://GetTheKidsOut.org/blog/htsrv/trackback.php?tb_id=29 :(

 http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2004-06-15-southern-baptists_x.htm Todays happenings at the convention.

 urlLink Cal Thomas: Giving 'exodus' a new meaning great article and I agree and back him up. Hopefully they will sign this in and many within the church will do so but it is doubtful we shall see I believe tomorrow. My family actually is baptist and if we had to choose a specific group it would be southern/missionary baptist. I was in government schools until jr high in which I entered private religious schools until eighth grade since then I've been in an online christian academy (distance learning from home not quite homeschooling but close). Some sites on this topic: urlLink Home school.com and urlLink The southern baptist convention site also try out urlLink AOP (alpha omega publications) publishes homeschooling curriculum in print and digital format and also offers an online academy as do several smaller academies througout the nation who use AOP's software (my church does) Look into it I myself love it as do my parents though its a bit costly as of now I actually payed my way this year its a bit annoying they take money from us to educate me but because I would rather use a different school system they keep my money while I have to dish out extra to attend the school of my choice. :(

 The Pledge of Allegiance well the supreme court didn't decide on it which I think by years end they should but doubt they will as so far they have not. If you do some research you find it was written by a baptist minister who in the original version had nothing of God written in it, the words under God were added in the 1950's 1954 to be exact. Is this a bad thing? Well I'd say its best to have left it alone and none of this would be an issue and I just don't like tampering with documents especially of history. DO I mind it being there? Of course not and polls show 91% of americans don't those who do can simply not acknowledge it and not say the words but I don't think I'll cry over it if it is removed and the same goes for IN God we trust being printed on our money that actually bothers me that we stamp our god on currency like that. One thing I still think we should support is good moral teachings and many points of view in schools many such issues would not be if everything wasn't so "public" such as the schools. I still think having the ten commandments in parks and courts is far from a bad thing and I fear it may lead to removing such things from ones offices etc. As for the ACLUs recent crusade against christians in Los angeles I have to ask why aren't they considering that we may be offended by the greek goddess on the seal? Lets be fair here you remove the cross you remove her as well. I'd prefer both stay.

 Sorry I missed a post for flag day. I assume everyone did a little something? I made sure to fly a flag my grandfathers flag used at his burial he recieved it for service in the korean war. Flag day, a day worth noting, worth having! A nice qoute I found on this day:"I want the people of all the earth to see in the American flag the symbol of a Government which intends no oppression at home and no aggression abroad, which in the spirit of a common brotherhood provides assistance in time of distress." --Calvin Coolidge

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Top Stories - Religious Conversion May Have Saved Nichols I'm not sure and likely would not have sent him to his death to begin with and likely having heard of his conversion and new found faith/beliefs would not have sent him to death either though no matter what I would support his life in prison. It could though all just be a big lie to save him?

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Lawmakers Rethink Farm Funding Formula yes and the best solution is to support neither financially the rich,corporate nor the independent family farms.

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Views - Beware Spyware, Beware Government Solution I agree though at some point but not hurried we should get a law out there to protect people's privacy and crack down on this shady stuff. Of course with the patriot act and other such things out their its funny they're doing this how about we get rid of the patriot act or reform it (and later possibly destroy it) and fight spyware!

 urlLink Gmail4Troops.com awesome stuff here very muh. I'll be offering mine as are the guys over at urlLink lockergnome.com and others. Support the troops. Thanks to all the troops to btw :)

 Kerry's deficit. He is promising to get rid of the deficit of course and this would be good but he promises to do it through increased taxation :( Not to mention even then he would only see a maximum of about 658 billion dollar surplus which he would easily spend on his healthcare plans then add his education plans and your already in debt oh yeah so their will still be a deficit and likely a bigger one than now and you can expect even higher tax expected to combat all this. Less spending and no knew spending would be the best way to deal with all this but it won't happen. *just estimates and its my info*

 urlLink Ann Coulter: Moby's Dick I hope to get to the local book store to see whats up, I won't be buying a copy but may look through it a bit and I want to see whats up there. Great article. She has a new book out this october btw: How to talk to liberals if you must looks good.

 Randomness *The new beastie boys cd bashing bush and the war ( I have to admit I like some of their older stuff) actually installs a virus/software on the owners pc if he or she tries to rip mp3s off it for their use ( or yes some may pass it around). Great move guys, if people new this I'm sure less would buy it. Just another reason for me not to. *http://www.worldnetdaily.com/news/printer-friendly.asp?ARTICLE_ID=39078 read this more big government/big brother stuff coming out of the Bush administration. *Orrin Hatch (R) of Utah wants to criminalize p2p networks, no joke! :( http://news.com.com/Senate+bill+bans+P2P+networks/2100-1027_3-5244796.html here is an article on the bill. * Japan and south korea are getting along well now and trade between the two is going well and this I am glad to hear I just hope they don't put tarrifs on each others goods like Bush is supporting on furniture made in China, I would probably by the american made furniture myself but still. *Japan also I've heard has moved in favor of and soon will allow cloning research and the like to take place :( not to happy about this myself. *an interesting little tidbit but researchers have discovered through stem cells they can grow people new teeth huh.. neat I guess but a fake one like that which I have (I had a tooth knocked out of my head when I was younger) works fine so this really isn't nescessary sure a real one is a better choice but I wouldn't myself choose this

 Taxes being put in place on your home network! http://www.wired.com/news/business/0,1367,63962,00.html?tw=wn_tophead_5 Fantastic eh? I have one myself a network that is and I love it I doubt my state or many will jump on this but rest assured at some point we will have sales tax for online shopping, tax on net service and of course this tax. Bad news not good this is.

 Iranian women, blogging http://www.iranian.ws/iran_news/publish/article_2705.shtml lets just hope it stays that way or gets better preferably the latter. Also here is a story on freedom of the net around the world even france (no surprise) and america (not a surprise either) didn't reach perfect scores if you will though none would america for instance was behind canada and other nations. Here's the article:http://www.wired.com/news/politics/0,1283,63940,00.html?tw=wn_tophead_13 I just saw a pic online of a twenty something year old iraqi man protesting with a sign saying " we want porn in Iraq" well I've heard reports there actually is a pretty good amount their but I've also heard its underground,expensive and of course is not supported by us (ashcroft for instance) I am no advocate of pornography which I am against for personal moral/religious reasons but I must say if we really want Iraq to be free if we really want this man to be free we should not stop him from getting what he wants if he can get it on his own. Of course I would discourage him doing so but he's his own man and can decide for himself right? He's a free man now right? hmm.. just some thought

 We cannot diminish the value of one category of human life -- the unborn -- without diminishing the value of all human life." --Ronald Reagan ++ "I've noticed that everybody who is for abortion has already been born." --Ronald Reagan Awesome qoute my qoute for the week. I've noticed this as well haha. Also Michael Reagan has come out in an article I've yet to find online but managed to read in my local paper saying that media coverage saying the Reagan family supports stem cell research is not true he is a part of the family as well and does not support it and he says nor did his father. Many scientists say that the whole curing alzheimers with stem cells is a fantasy and furthermore research is being done with adult cells which is fine it would be foolish to start over or something when we are already started and well into it, ethics people ethics.

 urlLink News | EPIonline.org and many more economists and those who know anything about economics or give a damn about the people they claim to be helping. Bad move.

 urlLink South Korea?s Misplaced Optimism I believe talks have begun or very soon will.

 Health Care policy A new bill has been introduced to help with health care for our elderly one of those involved is John Mccain. It involves getting drugs from abroad and of course will save guys like AARP and various others money but they are not required to give savings back to the consumer so really studies have shown that the elderly consumer will only get a savings of about 1% what this will do is help us get more counterfeit drugs via the internet and other countries, africa already has a problem with this 80% of their drugs are counterfeit. You want to help the elderly cut taxation and regulation/red tape back out of all this a bit and as a result new meds can be better developed and costs can and will go down. Rather than demanding others take care of you, rather than demanding the government take care of you, one should rely on oneself,family and of course a good tip: shop around! Many studies say that is a big mistake that could save many folks up to 30% right there! Some good stuff on health care policy by presidential candidate on the LP ticket Mr badnarik visit his site and read up on what he would do alot of that could be of great help.

 Space, Privatized! By now you have likely seen the story about the group of men who recently completed a project sending a private citizen into space I am sure. Is this not proof that space can be privatized? It certainly is and we should now that it has been proven or at least somewhat so move to do more privatization, NASA can be fully private and independent of government funding we now have some proof and hopefully will continue to go in this direction.

 Of law enforcement/police Supreme court decision on giving one's name to police was recently made and the decision was that one must give his name when asked. I've not read in the constitution where it says anything of this or elsewhere I believe this may be unconstitutional and I also would have to say this when one is being arrested they do you know say these words: "you have the right to remain silent" hmm.. I'm leaning against this I say unless one is thought to have commited a crime they should not have to say anything. I also know this is somewhat a states issue as about only 20 states I believe require you to do so. Speaking of this business they've started discussing the raising of the local seatbelt fines! No!!!! California here we come, first the smoke ban going into effect July 1 thus robbing smokers and property/business owners of their rights and now bigger and bigger fines on risking your own safety!

 Happy Fathers day! To all you fathers out there! And of course to my own :) Google can aid you in fathers day browsing but here's a site I recommend: urlLink Ten things you'll never here dad say As for gifts which you should have gotten by now their are some great books out their like Big russ and me is a big hit right now among others and of course the usual stuff like clothes and such but remember its not all about cards and gifts give your Dad a big hug,spend the day with him tell him you love him and appreciate him!

 Religious freedom In russia recently Jehovah's witness have been banned! I kid you not, what did they ever do wrong? Sure I don't agree with them on a number of issues and I'm sure its the same with others and sure they are one of those religions out there that is pretty aggressive with its evangelism but banning them is just extreme! And wrong. Still think russia is free? How about the recent elections putin stole? Or any of a number of things. It will only get worse. Here in the country known for its "freedom" in all senses including religion, which was the reason for the founding of the nation to begin with recently the texas government recently decided that Unitarian Universalism is not a religion and they will not recognize it or something along these lines they didn't ban it but they speak out against it. Should they at all? Should a church need government approval and the like? No. The only time government should get involved in such a matter is when others are being harmed etc. Sad news here and as seen above abroad. Good news I finally get something besides 700 club for viewing on Tv my cable provider just picked up a few channels including a seventh day adventist one along with a few others including some non denominational ones. 89.5 ktsy my favorite christian radio station (local to Idaho) has launched a new site design and better online streaming check em out! at urlLink 895ktsy.org And other than that as it is we are on the net I'd like to bring attention to a great anti porn ministry helping men everywhere battle against pornagraphy its urlLink xxxchurch.com check em out their certainly a bit controversial and all but I'd say well worth supporting another great group is the urlLink american bible society , donate! I've sent 20$ myself Don't forget my pals over at urlLink riotgearcomics I've yet to get a copy of The way from them but soon will and then I will certainly comment. They also have a new project I'm interested in, Halo. Also soon I'll be reviewing some cds and books. Speaking of books I highly recomend shadowmancer by GP Taylor its sort of a christian Harry potter, good book. Hope you had a great sabbath and remember to keep it always! (Either saturday or sunday I myself subscribe to the former more so) Verse: "What good is it for a man to gain the whole world, yet forfeit his soul?" -- Mark 8:36

 100 things about me 1. I'm 16 years old as of Jluy 19th 2. I live in Boise,Idaho 3. Just a few miles from down town but I still have an acre and a large ranch style house 4. I attend an online academy 5. Never cheated but did get a 3.2 GPA 6. My favorite class is history, least favorite is math 7. Best class is history and my worst class is math 8.Started bloggin in 2003 because well it was new and I wanted to try it 9. I like riding my bike near the boise river when I can 10. I enjoy a good game of basketball 11. When its warm enough (summer 2-3 months a year) I enjoy swimming in my back yard 12. I have yet to find a church to become a member of or attend regularly my entire life fortunately I can choose but have yet to decide. 13. I do however have a church sort of I guess which is also my school but mostly I just attend school there 14. I question just about everything and reconsider often 15. I'm politically a conservative-libertarian 16. I hate chinese food its to greasy! 17. I like italian food 18. And mexican food 19. Favorite ice cream brand is ben and jerry's 20. Favorie flavor is one sweet whirled (coffee/caramel) 21. I like starbucks frappucinos 22. The mocha and caramel kinds 23. Tea is good(lipton) 24. As is green tea 25. I try to eat healthy 26. And excercise 27. I'm learning to drive and going for a license 28. I already drive a bit in remote areas (out of town) 29. I'm originally from Northern california 30. I like to travel but so far have yet to leave the western United States 31. Want to travel to canada 32. And mexico 33. My great grandmother was born in chihuahua (province/state) mexico 34. And Japan- I'd love to go there 35. France 36.Britain 37.Italy 38. Germany/austria 39. Brazil 40. Once had a girl friend from Brazil (exchange student) 41. And I still have much to see right here in the USA! 42. I've had three other girlfriends including my current, Megan 43. I actually enjoy working outdoors 44. Yet I am also a geek, I love technology 45. My current digi cam (my pic site is down though) is 4 megapixels 46. I like electronica music 47. and classical 48. and christian music, any kind pretty much 49. world music 50. alternative rock/modern 51. I hate suits and ties 52. Friends from south korea 53. best Friend is from scandinavia 54. Never been in a violent fight 55. Never smoked, never will 56. You shouldn't either, if you do its your body go ahead and destroy it but I hope you won't 57. I love to read 58. I like foreign films 59. I also like anime which are Japanese animations (movies,tv shows etc.) 60. I love independent films 61. And documentaries 62. And manga (japanese comics) 63. Play video games on and offline 64. Not sure what to do after Highschool 65. Work under the table, to avoid tax and mostly oddjobs 66. Handyman pretty much 67. I write short stories,songs, and fan writings in addition to this blog 68. I have a beta hex fish for a pet on my desk 69. His name is kuroshio after a current off the coast of Japan 70. I have a fat beagle 71. His name is chance, no idea why the family named him I didn't 72. I have dark brown hair, 73. Some say its black 74. I wear eye glasses 75. I speak some spanish (nearly fluent) 76. I use linux as much as possible 77. I prefer knoppix bootdisc for well my laptop 78. Red hat is great to as are a host of others 79. My laptop runs xp 80. My fave browser is mozilla 81. I have a wireless mouse, the mx700 by logitech 82. I recieved presidential honors for education from bill clinton in 2000 school year (last year in public system) 83. Favorite news channel is foxnews 84. Favorite show is.. I can't decide 85. Favorite radio show is.. again I can not decide 86. Favorite movie.. to many I love to much to pick one 87. Favorite short film, IN God We trust (2000) 88. Favorite manga: Love hina 89. Favorite anime, anything miyazaki 90. favorite games, most nintend0 and sega games 91. I play bongo drums pretty well, wanna jam? 92. Some piano, not to well 93. Favorite pizza is veggie 94. Don't eat pork 95. Love spinning fireworks 96. Love mt dew 97. Stay up late often other times I get up early 50/50 98. My wallet is real leather 99. thankfully its not empty 100. I'm tired now There ya go just a time waster for me as I can not sleep now I'll do something else. Have a great fourth see ya monday

 J/K Why did the libertarian cross the road? To start his own country :) See below fireworks as well, I and others at least think they're funny. And while I'm at it with a random post Kikapu is a great band get their tunes and others legally at urlLink legaltorrents.com along with an interesting book: free culture I've began reading very interesting well worth a read.

 Anti- terrorist fireworks! http://www.mercurynews.com/mld/mercurynews/news/world/9073246.htm?1c Two sides of course the lame soccer moms (like in this article, "what are we teaching our children") and the others myself included who think its well fun and funny and worth the cash for these novelties and that well how about this: we're teaching our children to kill those who'd kill them we're teaching them to kill the thug first and live rather than die a pacifist. Would I have complained had we shot saddam on the spot when we found him? No, at least not much. Would I prefer he be tried as he will be by Iraqis? Yes and from what I hear from them they want the death penalty for him and while I don't care for the death penalty much in his case and others like him an exception can certainly be made. If anyone knows of a place to get these let me know I'd love some :) who cares if they're made in china most fireworks are.. they won't let us make them here hell they wanna ban em!

 urlLink LICENSE PLATES OF THE WORLD cool site, have a look. Great for collectors to. I have three california plates (1979 and the two newer ones) and of course the standard Idaho plate though maybe I should start getting some of the neat ones they have here heh.

 urlLink Groups Call for U.S. Firework Ban lame. Follow safety guidlines and many fireworks are already banned this is nuts in the sake of safety and health we are on a crusade or at least some are to ban anything possible the list now includes:tobacco products, alcahol, fireworks, food or at least any thats not organice (thus taking food out of starving mouths around the world) and of course lets not forget the war on junk foods and stuff with saturated fats, why not let the individual decide why not let us make mistakes and learn from them and

 urlLink Return to Old-Style Presidential Debates Nader and badnarik (LP) coud get up there and I'd like to see this happen and it indeed should. THe two party system sucks, whats all this I hear about democracy again? And of course yes I support this organization.

 Calvin Coolidge- america's greatest president of the 20th century or at least of the first half. I've always particularly liked this guy. Great article give it a read. http://www.mises.org/cgi-bin/mt-tb.cgi?tb_id=2137

 urlLink People For the American Way | Voucher Veneer: The Deeper Agenda to Privatize Public Education I confess this is true about we ultra cons/free marketers wanting to eventually fully privatize education I am one of these people. Disagree? Fine. Vouchers certainly I think most could agree are a good thing its really a moderate stance and could be argued the best though I favor full privatization as being best this way all would still be educated and it would still be publicly funded but at least education quality and freedom would increase.

 Hilary Clinton- champion of the common good I don't mean the above in a positive way by the way hmpph. Think about this for a minute:"'Many of you are well enough off that ... the tax cuts may have helped you,' Sen. Clinton said. 'We're saying that for America to get back on track, we're probably going to cut that short and not give it to you. We're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good.'" She also said: If democrats are elected you can expect democrats to do what she said above Fantastic steal my hard earned money and others and redistribute it as you see fit, or if your feeling particularly evil just keep some yourself and spend as you see fit ( a democratic senator was just busted for mispending tax dollars on 35 trips in NY)

 Michael Moore I feel he doesn't hate america but just the way it currently is that he wants change, and the changes he is in support of I think for the most part I disagree with and are insane. But thats me. I know he at least for now until the changes are made here for us to be more like france and canada he will prefer those countries and their even more corrupt and flawed governments. I've seen his other films and read one of his books and didn't like them much of course. I may or may not see his new film if I do it will be on dvd. Anyway some counterattacks: Michael Moore is a big fat stupid white man is a new book out. I don't like the man and he does have a weight issue I wouldn't say he's stupid but I certainly don't agree with or think he's much of an intellectual either. Another counter attack is the new documentary: Michael Moore hates America" I disagree with this but he very well might I think its more the government and those he disagrees with that he hates. Michael I'll agree to reform here at home but not the ones you want to make and I don't think he hates america and if he does well fine I support his rights even though I may not like doing so.

 Random news Property rights: In washington seem to be non existent as king county of washington state is now requiring 65% of an owners land to be left wild and all natural. It should be for him/her to decide and noth the state what is done with the land and I am sickened by this. Of course I tend to lean in favor of roads being privatized and property rights being absolute (I'm in a battle against my state for a piece of my land which could soon be paved!) I may very well be payed for what they take but I should not have to take the offer and likely will not (if it were my decision but I am not of age or the owner my parents are and they while they dislike this plan to fight it, and even if they did they'd lose for sake of the "common good" The courts just voted in favor of ones freedom to enjoy online porn saying that a bill to defend kids would trample on the first amendment, I agree. Use software to block such things and monitor access but don't go trying to ban it and keep those who wish to see it within their rights from doing so. I'm no promoter of pornography just one of freedom. In local news we've had some outrageous weather here. four thunder storms in less than two weeks and get this flooding which often occurs down by the Boise river well it got to the point the state house flooded. whoa. Also I've just been made aware you have to be 16 to purchase fireworks! first they ban all the good ones or the really good ones (firecrackers, rockets etc.) and now this! Gah! And I'm only two weeks away from being of age!

 Fed Raises interest Rate, some good about Bush, and walmart's troubles First off its finally happened interest rates have finally gone up, the fed raised them .25% thus they are now 1.25% This is to keep inflation down if I'm not mistaken. I'm leaning in favor of the fed staying out of things myself.Why? I believe this that the government need not do this that it can be done through we the people when costs go up consumers tend to buy something else or buy less etc. thus prices do not often go up or do very little. Interest rates are a good reason to manage your finances well thats for sure heh this whole deal is gonna take 5 billion $$ out of the economy that would have otherwise been put in, stopping or slowing growth I am against and for the most part I am against any regulation, not exactly constituional anyway. Under Bush Business taxation has gone down from 26% to about 20% thats great and a good acomplishment. I still think more could be done to get it even lower. How about 10% or lower? Lets work towards none shall we! :) Taxation is essentially legalized theft, the state picking your pocket. Walmart is now giving in to women and feminists imparticular over wages and equality issues just as they did over employee qoutas involving women and minorities (funny thing is just before that they were punished for highering minorities!) now of course it is my belief this is wrong this is force. The giant that is walmart is growing weak and giving in and it should not. It should not be told how to run itself people don't like it they can not shop there, protest and not work there in the mean time I'm betting most still will including me. Should women who work as hard and as well as a man get paid the same? Sure and I would myself do so but no one should be forced to do so. As also no one should be forced to higher based on ones ethnicity or sex but indeed are. I would higher the best worker for the lowest wage I could regardless of sex or ethnicity if I were a business that is which I am not. Of course the lowest I could pay even if the employee was willing to work for less, is minimum wage. And why we are so against immigration I do not understand either. I actually don't mind their culture and really they tend to blend and become a part of ours anyway this is globalization if you will or a part of it. And of course the arguement of jobs being lost is bogus really its about jobs not being done I don't see many white folks lining up to mow lawns or paint houses for a living hell most or a good deal aren't doing there own lawns or housework! I say if they are peaceful and law abiding and don't just come to mooch off the state let them come! Done ranting.

 urlLink Conservative Punks? Yes I've always wondered and thought about this, I knew they were out there but no action had been noticeably taken and now finally these guys show up! To counter the likes of urlLink punkvoter Cool. Also urlLink nationstates has seen a redesign which is pretty cool, I'm still playing :) Arnold, of california governors claim is under a good deal of fire lately: first off he had to go back on his limit switch of animal shelters caring for animals for six days to only three thus saving the state 14 million dollars! The people wanted it and he backed off which I guess is the right thing but I would have rather sided with that and for the money, just animals but hey. As for now being under fire for his paying his employees more than Davis did his in his defense (again I guess) he does have less workers and of course rightfully refused pay for himself (like he needs it!) although I would be fine with and even encourage lower wages for them. Just my take.

 urlLink Bruce Bartlett: Minimum wage realities

 urlLink Jack Kemp: Immigrant nation ? trading freely and building wealth

 Economic Independence for Iraq? Well? How about they pay us back for helping them now in the past and in the future for helping them with their economy? I'd like to see that estimated 25 billion dollars back here in the states. And what of OPEC? YOu know they'll join and if they want to fine but thats a slap in the face in my opinion to us after liberating them. They should not join and we should encourage/ask that they not. I wonder how things will work out with wage laws, discriminatation laws, and other regulation over there oh and taxes. Of course we still have the security issue but this does not mean we can't start working on the economics.

 http://capwiz.com/congressorg/issues/votes/?votenum=318&chamber=H&congress=1082 great huh? The majority voted against it./ 268 voted against it. The national debt may soon be allowed to extend by .7 trillion dollars! Crazy stuff.

 Sovereignty for Iraq!? Its all over the news just broke the switch took place two days early! Now to see where we go from here. I say we let them alone but of course can make suggestions answer questions and should definetly get some free trade setup going. As for defense I think it should decrease and eventually be eliminated, on our part not theirs of course. Rumors still floating of a draft which both major parties support and could if we continue on this current path take place.

 The First amendment today urlLink The First amendment center has released the result to its survey done yearly and according to the survey people are back to previous support for the first amendment 9-11 brought the amendment's support down. However with 21% of people thinking more government regulation is needed and the majority saying its about right as it now is, something is wrong. More not less is needed, we do not have enough now and we are more likely to lose more of this freedom than we are to get more. See the results at their website.

 Privatizing School, fully. Many are supportive of vouchers which would keep schooling funded by the state and simply allow choice. Most except for perhaps statist liberals and a few others are supportive of this. I am not and many more are not and for a good reason. Schooling is expensive privately and really even publicly because you just pay through taxes. Cut out the taxes and government regulations and free education and tuition at various private schools will go down, it is likely then that internet schools/courses will increase as well for instance in my state a war is being waged against such schools using the internet because this threatens the public schools and thus the Teachers unions and state fight such schools that teach via the net. This is a mistake as these schools do a better job and allow more freedom in education and also can be cheaper and would be if the state would back off. Charity would also go up to help people it is estimated by some 20 million. Taxpayers would get a 300 billlion dollar cut off this move.

 Proof I would make a great congressman I rated as a hero but not super. I was anti-taxpayer on 7 bills of course I was against the welfare and social security and voucher bills which were numbers 1,3,34. These hurt me. As did #4 which dealt with liability issues. And also #9 which was adult education etc. Number 18 also hurt me I would have tried to stop the base closures. And number 28 I was of the majority of those who voted so strike me dead! I tied with 7 negatives from CAGW with Ron Paul libertarian of texas and strangely enough we agreed on everything (not sure on things he did not vote on though) heh.

 Tech Mozilla 1.7 is out. The government is actually warning against using IE even Microsoft has. Still junk floating around about government interference to protect against spam, its not needed and likely will just limit those who are legit, come on everyone filter. I get less than 10 pieces a week myself and it takes little effort. A new bill in congress The Induce act is looking to basically like so much else with business and government combined as they now are to kill off consumer goods like the Ipod for instance, take action tell congress to say no! And something interesting I've been reading about/thinking about I am sure many are now aware of xm radio among others who do satelite/digital radio well a war is brewing businesses that are threatened by this new innovation/competition are of course fighting it. makes me want it even more, more choice, less edits, better quality. rca among others tried the same thing with Fm radio. And of course the recent but close decision in courts to allow net porn, next step to invade and control the net is like the above a war on internet radio which I am using as I type this! Another bill one that I'm not sure on is out there (hr 107 I believe) to protect consumers against copyrights protection cds and such I myself don't think government should necessarily have to do this that if consumers would speak up this could very well end, the new beastie boys cd uses some messed up copy rights protection junk. Thus I won't buy it (I wouldn't have anyway) I'm leaning against this bill as well saying if the companies want to be that way fine but I refuse to buy their products as a result And please stop by and check out urlLink grid.org and see if you can contribute :) the aid to cure cancer,small pox and to deal with terrorism even.

 urlLink Cal Thomas: Education plus money does not equal achievement

 walmart http://www.mises.org/fullstory.asp?control=1553 I base my shopping myself on where I can get the best product at the best price often this is walmart but most of the time I am not at my local mall or walmart I am at a local store buying a superior product at a lower (sometimes higher) price but sometimes I'd rather have the better product :)

 JD for president! American candidate is coming on television this august on showtime I've said so before and played with it a bit since I'm not old enough to have been a contestant. Well here ya go post if you think I'd be worth considering :) Education: Choice. Make competitive get government fully out or at least work in that direction thus freeing the students from what are essentially prisons that don't teach but indoctrinate and brainwash and allow them to be free, to have a choice, and to learn and thus succeed. This can work it is estimated that by doing this tax payers will get a 300 billion dollar tax cut and charity will increase as well so even the poor will still yet be educated. Abortion: I was once a fetus as were you, say no to abortion your mother did and so did mine, be thankful everyday for that decision. I am against abortion and if I did not realize the fact that it is murder I would be in favor of choice but it is in fact murder and government can thus not allow such a thing to happen to its most innocent citizens. Middle east: Diplomacy,peace and free trade will be my foreign stances and protection of soveriegnty for all nations including ours I do not support the UN nor do I support us meddling with other nations unless attacked or severely threatened and violent action would be my last resort. It is for the people of the middle east to deal with their own issues. Health care: Recent studies show that the recent government involvment in the healthcare industry to save money for the elderly drove up the costs in the end and just imagine the mess, or better yet look to other countries disasters with nationalization of healthcare! Get out and stay out, best handled by free markets. Get insurance, shop around. I would greatly cut back if not eliminate the FDA this would also get meds out faster and cheaper as would other regulation cuts and tax cuts/elimination. Supportive of alternative medicines Supportive of medicinal marijuana Death Penalty: Something about giving the government the right to kill bugs me they could easily execute and no doubt accidentally or not do innocents. I do not support the death penalty but life imprisonment instead. Economy: Laissez faire capitalism remember reading about the roaring twenties? Yes well that would be the result of laissez faire capitalism. This is essentially my stance. Calvin coolidge did a great job with this it is a lie that this economic system led to the depression it was the opposite that did under hoover. Environment: It'd be great to have better fuels and better fuel efficency in cars so why don't consumers start doing something about it? Buy fuel efficient cars and demand them of the companies that produce fuels and cars?! Government should not force such a thing. ALso note government is great cause of pollution I would work towards ending this pollution by government. Respect for private property is also helpful in this issue ( I just love picking up litter off my front lawn or out of my stream! or having my trees cut out of my yard as well!)Trust me I do my best for the environment though I would,do and always will put people first I would work for a better environment just not in the ways others would Gun control:A country in which only government employees can legally carry firearms is a fascist state. America should never be such a place. I would end registration and encourage ownership and personal responsibility with that ownership. Crime would not increase but decrease and this would give more freedom rather than less or only some. The government knowing you have a gun only makes it easier to take for them to take it away. Welfare:Let other countries dabble in this failed, counterproductive socialist program. No new applicants to the system. Wean current dependents off. Yeah I'd work towards and eventually end it. Taxes: End income tax it is theft, switch to sales tax nationally on goods also user fees. property tax should also be cut greatly or eliminated. No death, estate taxes etc. either Race relations:Bigotry is abhorent to me. People should be free to choose their own associations--to love, like, or work with whomever they want. Meaning of course I would not enforce qoutas in business of employees (walmart recently gave in) nor would I force or punish people for excercising their freedoms though of course physical/violence against another would not be something supported it would rather be condemned and stopped. Social security: End it. Thanks for nothing, Nazi Germany Immigration: Put "national guard" which already exists on the borders work to keep all non law abiding, peaceful, working types out. open immigration to this extent while keeping thugs and worthless scum out. Of course with welfare and such things gone our only issue with immigration would be getting along (culture and such) not really space issue. And of course crime and terrorism which is why I would not fully free the border for security reasons Legalizing drugs: pot is not as people put it to be. It is indeed not healthy and should not be smoked while driving and etc. But I would certainly support it for medicinal and even legal purposes. Keeping it from the suffering is harsh. I would not allow legaliztation of others. Don't really need legalization as people get them anyway but ya. Marriage: I am against it personally as I am against homosexuality but thats me, keep it personal like all sexual matters and keep government out. this will save time and money, for the better of security and the nation. Governments only real job is security. NO draft.Not a slave state. And support public domain (copyrights issue) Support creativity and freedom thus. Evoting-paper however, this would include online and machines in public like now etc. Voting for judges and such Support democracy but be careful not to let majority rule oppress minorities. Move to a popular vote system? End postal system/privatize Keep libraries and other archives but move to digital formats to save money and of course better keep such things

 Kerry chooses Edwards for running mate This was expected by most though Gephardt would not have been a bad choice to get the Unions and such. Edwards is a great choice in many ways he's a good looking young guy (think kennedy, clinton here) and is a pretty nice, optimistic guy and is from the south thus going for their votes maybe winning south carolina again. Let me just point out he's a trial lawyer. heh. I say instead of anyone but bush anyone but kerry or better yet look at more options consider a third party (most of them are crazy like oh lets say the constitutionalists who are just way to damn conservative even for my likings or the greens who are even more pro government than democrats but if you want vote for them but I say your best choice is Lp candidate Michael badnarik if your not voting bush)

 urlLink Independence From Washington

 urlLink FOXNews.com - Politics - Opponents Dampen Talk of Sprinklers in Nursing Homes Its likely if this goes in many small care facilities will go out of business and or many not just small facilities will have to raise prices which will hurth the elderly not help. Small facilities tend to be stats show the better ones, better care and such not only would it decrease the amount of choice but it would cost the elderly more thus hurting more than helping them and of course it would put many out of work and or obviously cause unesscessary struggle. I hope this doesn't pass for the sake of not just business but people's jobs and the elderly who to will suffer with this decision.

 John Kerry and abortion He recently came out in the midwest a place known for religious citizens and or conservative democrats and said he was personally against abortion and that life started at conception but because of seperation of church and state he could not strike abortion down and that he wished to not impose his beliefs on others. I agree, seperation of church and state is good (well at least and what the founders really meant was no official/state church which several states do have anyway) and I can agree on not forcing others into my beliefs and so on but if life begins at conception anything after that point abortion is murder and murder is to be stopped by the state instead of safe and legal abortions we should, Mr kerry and others should encourage personal responsibility as they should with other issues like not overeating and of course this not only would help out with the abortion issue hugely but aids also where a campaign for abstinence was recently proven to decrease aids! The state should discourage irresponsible behavour that leads to things like aids and abortions and of course should also stop/make abortions illegal to prevent the murder of its citizens, its weakest citizens in fact they're defenseless.

 Short story: "The clone clings to his fantasy" " I gotta be me..."

 Senate gives the ok to regulate tobacco &nbsp; urlLink Cato Institute has some coverage check it out, of course this unlike the decision on marriage was a bad decision.

 urlLink Asian states lead economic freedom - The Washington Times: World - July 16, 2004

 Taiwan-China conflict &nbsp; Alright well this isn't in the mainstream to much but its a new operation called summer pulse taking place over the next two months or so as always to defend taiwan. Is that our job in the first place? But more importantly it seems to me many simply want to take down china they are after all the leader economically and population wise of the world and this is a threat to america of course we could compete but instead we must compete via war. China it could be argued has taken a more capitalist stance than&nbsp;america&nbsp;and I believe very well could or rather will like other nations (South korea for instance) go from a corrupt evil government backed by we the US to a democracy. All we will succeed in doing is starting a war which many seem to want to do that we will not and can not win and should not fight I believe democracy will well come but it should not be at our hands but the people of china's and it is likely that if let alone that it may. Just my opinion. I say our only dealing with china should be careful and verbal not force and that free trade along with good healthy competition (we don't need tarrifs or anything like that) but alot can be done to better compete economically but more importantly I'm rambling now. Bleh.

 urlLink Medicare to Pay for Obesity Treatments instead how about getting rid of medicare or decreasing it? It isn't a disease or rather if it is, like aids it is preventable and not worthy of public funding. Take care of yourselves, if you don't thats your fault and your problem simple.

 Local Issues &nbsp; Bad news for taxpayers in Canyon county of Idaho they may be forced soon if they don't vote it down (thank god they have that chance) an additional 4$ in property tax a year for a total of 15 million dollars in increased funding for their fair, instead pay for increases with increased entree fees etc.&nbsp; thats what I say &nbsp; And here in the capital, Boise we are having our taxes without a vote raised for a grand total of 27 million dollars for more parking at the airport thus putting us in a permanent debt. I say no to this and again as has been done in the past dealing with the airport say we increase user fees instead

 urlLink BillOReilly.com: Articles - The Price of Freedom hmm.. that is sad. And most people here hate on canadians. I support Israel and if truly needed (lets say nations were marching in on israel) I'd have the military in their defending them and defending their moral right to existence which is undeniable. I would not give aid in other cases to nations that can afford it themselves. I would not spend even as much as canada or france on aids I wouldn't even in my own country I see nothing wrong with these things oreilly pointed out.

 CAPPS II Cancelled: Department of Homeland Security Puts Stake in the Heart of Passenger-Profiling SystemHomeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge announced yesterday that development of CAPPS II - the government's controversial airline passenger surveillance program - will not continue. According to USA Today, Ridge responded to the question of whether the program could be considered dead by gesturing "as if he were driving a stake through its heart," and answering, "Yes."Said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Lee Tien, "Finally, the Department of Homeland Security has recognized what EFF has been saying all along: the proposed CAPPS II system would be an ineffective, expensive, and unnecessary invasion of travelers' privacy." &nbsp; From the EFF and USA today. I'd say this is a good thing. &nbsp; Also the senate with five republicans which would have included me voted against a anti-gay marriage amendement. This could be compared to allowing blacks to be mistreated and killed which once was however liberals do similar such things with their support of legalizing abortion. I say we don't make it legal or illegal. Legalizing it would be unfair to those against it forcing them to support it financially and also in a sense support it against their will but it is also unfair to mistreat and not allow homosexuals to have control of their own affairs and private lives government should get out of marriage, this would save billions (30 billion in divorces alone!) and much time so instead of things like this we could focus on security the one true issue of government.

 Agriculture Appropriations Act, FY2005 - H.R.4766 This $16.8 billion bill funds the Department of Agriculture and related agencies for the 2005 fiscal year. The version that came out of the committee would allow for prescription drug reimportation. Uh, no. How about not putting this in? Some argued today in the house that europe spends alot on it, and that justifies it? Hell if anything that gives good reason not to do this sort of thing. In many if not most cases the very people we are trying to help we only hurt or we hurt more than we help this will do so to them but also the nation as a whole. United States-Australia Free Trade Implementation Act - H.R.4759 This trade bill would reduce or eliminate tariffs and duties on a wide variety of goods and services exchanged between the U.S. and Australia. The Free Trade Agreement, which requires congressional approval, was agreed upon by the two nations on May 18, 2004. I spoke of this earlier. How about all? How about eliminating all the tarrifs and taxes on goods? Australlia is but we are not! Thats not fair or right. ITs bad for consumers, the market and well really everyone in the end not just here but around the globe. Its better than nothing like so many other things (welfare reform, SS reform etc.) but lets go further!

 Democratic National convention begins! heh. Just something I thought I'd point out this convention along with the republican convention which is on the way is that both are supported with millions of taxpayer's dollars! The libertarian party is the only major party that was entirely privately funded (it was back in May) I haven't actually watched any coverage and I'm not sure I want to. Only coverage I watched was about Sam Adams beer in Boston heh. Well there ya go.

 Japan vs america in terms of freedom I've read recently some articles by a fellow living in Japan about how Japan is a more free nation and thats why when he went there back in the 80s he has not since returned to america. He makes some good points but also in many ways you aren't free and I'd argue overall you are more so free here. Indeed in Japan you can light up and smoke a ciggarete freely unlike here in the USA same with drinking a beer in public. Taxes? 17% lower than the US. And in some ways you will notice the wonderful laissez faire approach to economics at work in the manga industry. Read his stuff on this topic over at urlLink lewrockwell.com he is Mike Rogers in tokyo. He also speaks of the community in Japan which in many ways does indeed from what he says sound better than what you see here in the USA but I'd say in my area and state things aren't to bad in that department. I do sight some problems for instance zoom over to urlLink cato.org and read their new economic freedom report including Japan.

 Road trip! Just got back from a nice road trip around my great state of Idaho enjoying some privately owned land that is open to the public by the owners and man it was great stuff very beautiful but it got me into some research on gas of course and the end result? 28% of gas costs is taxation on that gas! Gas would be much cheaper if that were eliminated or at least cut. Fantastic and I also while out and about saw a great sign by the achd (road developers etc.) speaking of some expansions they're making (stealing private property while at it) "your tax dollars at work!" not to mention the roads such that they create anyway ask anybody and most people here will agree these roads the achd produces are horrible and very costly, more so than they should. And they do take private lands agains the owners wishes and or for small sums of money for the land. They will rate your land of low worth to save when they want it but when they want to tax that land by god they'll rate it high! Heh.

 Sudan Congress has been jumping up and down about sudan and genocide and so on. Unlike Iraq I believe that the people of Sudan may rise up and indeed their are issues there we should support the overthrow of the monarchy there but I do not believe the best course of action which the recent house bill supported is military action and such this will only lead to deaths and troubles for us which are not needed. I also find it strange though that the UN is not saying much if anything about this and doing nothing to stop these disasters or further disasters from happening. We should all support an overthrow of the government their but not necessarily by any foreign powers and certainly give the power to the people of sudan who hopefully will rise up and win, and I can support that.

 Environment: wolves in particular I'm a bit of an enviro. I try to get people to buy enviro friendly cars and to recycle what they can. A little something for all to consider though it is not just government to blame but we the people although indeed government props up businesses that abuse the environment often rather than letting them alone to die and or be dealt with by us, government vehicles and programs only further abuse the environment. Here in Idaho the government decided it was its job to play with nature and go out and re introduce wolves to the state and increase their numbers, now they want to go and kill them because they're trying to feed themselves and doing so is harming farmers and its on public land! The land shouldn't be public in the first place and furthermore they wouldn't have this problem if they'd stayed out of it all to begin with and the solution to this problem is to back off and let the farmers deal with it, many farmers wish to do this and many of the local Indian tribes could be of help as well no need for federal or really even state intervention. Further on the environment as a whole, people, most of us most people as they should complain about the environment and so on but it is not just business or government its us not doing our part. We don't discourage businesses from mistreating the environment by telling them by speaking out, we don't do that most of us. We don't encourage businesses to be good to the environment. We don't encourage development of alternative fuels and cars that burn clean and efficiently and we don't use them either. We don't recycle. We don't respect public or private property when we litter, covering it with ciggarete butts and soda cans trust me I pick the junk off my private property all the time from my front lawn near the road to my stream and it sickens me that people are so damn lazy, disgusting and disrespectful. Lets all knock it off and we can have a good environment.

 Christian Statism I am not a statist. I want small government if not smaller and believe this is possible and very much biblically supported. So christian statists. Actually this is the current face of christianity, look how political the church has become look at all the activists for religion and the state being one. I was once this way but have since educated myself on the issue(s). Do some biblical researching and you will find the bible says nothing of government involvement in the family or church or marriage. Taxation? No. And yet christians are out and about demanding the state be a religious one and that we have one many of them preach small government and low taxes but really they should preach none but the church but furthermore they undermine the church and give power to the state when they give it the control of the family and that is our current problem we have strayed from our traditions, from family and limited government many christians are just as bad as the secular statists except their means are different. Christians should be against property taxes and income taxes they should be against abortion indeed and they should also be against big government and state education,welfare and government involvement in family and marriage etc. but they are not (see below rant) I do not need government to tell me what is moral or help me live my life and no one else does either christians should be leading by example and so on without government.

 Thanks boomers! Thanks to the baby boomers! Thank you so much! Thank you for the presidents you've provided us! The horrible presidency of Bill clinton. The s0-s0 presidency we currently have and all the far worse options your generation offers. Thank you for the political correctness offered by those of you who teach or really all of you. Thank you for the national debt and all the other wonderful things your idealogy brings us. YOu deserve thanks for screwing things up and for what I am sure you will continue to do I look forward to the hell we will all be put through while your generation rules as it has I just hope my generation is nothing like yours, of course it will probably just be all the worse. Thanks.

 Marijuana &nbsp; I look at it much like tobacco and would be fine with full legalization or at least wouldn't be to bothered by it. I can at least see and would think most would support it for medicinal purposes, many will tell you that the pills available and such just don't work and if thats the case or even if people who need it for pain relief or prefer it for pain relief should have access to it. I also think that (I'm gonna critize bush here! whoa) recent action taken to stop foods with hemp/hemp seeds in them such as bread and non dairy milk etc. from being produced. Its nuts. Studies show these foods don't get you high and actually are pretty healthy. So at the least medicinal and foods marijuana should be legal in and thus it should be legal for some people at the least and farmers all of whom would be regulated , to grow it. But honestly I say much like smoking though I'll give to you that its more physically damaging thats for the person to decide and deal with not me or anyone else honestly. We lock people up for smoking or selling or growing pot and let crooks go free and so on and this is wrong stop locking up the peaceful potheads and get the real crooks!&nbsp; Lets at least get it for medicinal, food and decriminalize then I say we go further and stop regulating all together and legalize it. But I can compromise and think we should perhaps step into this easily but I think this is the best route. There are polls saying most americans agree of course I'm not so sure I believe that but I wish it were true.&nbsp;Some more complaints on bush he was originally going to leave this to the states (conservative stance naturally) but has since abandoned that. Badnarik is the only presidential candidate who has this one right and I increasingly have to say I'm not necessarily a bush supporter or republican but a libertarian leaning in favor of supporting him. Just no sure I'll let you know in the end. And before you ask, I've never smoked anything and never will I value my health :) as I wish more people would and would encourage them to do so. &nbsp;

 Unemployment, interest rates etc. Do your research, think for yourself and tell the fed to f**k off! YOu will find that the media and most americans have been brainwashed into believing that we need the fed to issue and control money through central banking (this organization the fed gave us the great depression and central banking is also responsible for japans troubles ) government control and intervention in the economy leads to disasters like recession and the depression. It leads to unemployment. Liberals are the worst. WE'd have a communist state with everyone working for the state. With conservatives we still have intervention and regulation for things like keeping things undercontrol, not letting the economy slow to much to point of stagnation or get to hot. heh. This to is wrong. Higher interest rates stifle business and causes unemployment in the end, government intervention in the end does no one any good. They control the money to don't forget they print it thus they can print money that does not exist, they can drive down its worth, we would be much better off with a gold/silver backed currency that the government had far less if any control over and if they intervened less if any at all when we followed this laissez-faire approach of anarchy in the market all prospered. Things were great here unlike now really. Add free trade to the mix and consumers and businesses benefit as do the world's poor, rather than sending them stolen money recieved through taxation free trade would give them jobs to care for themselves its all far better this way but few seem to realize or agree and thus we all suffer in the end and have a big mess.

 Idaho has a surplus! Oh yay! And how you ask? Well thanks to the state income tax! Yes the state has a nice pile of stolen money to save for later spending. For all their economic regulations and interference. For all their regulations of morality. Of course if they have their way this surplus will already be gone once they blow it on more parking at the airport and other projects thus we will be in debt again anyway, unless they raise taxes again. I say stop spending! Let the private sector provide, try user fees. We don't need nor should we have all this welfare, taxation on and stealing of property or public schools but we do. A surplus is not needed a balanced budget is and would have been just fine and thus we would not have the income tax here but we do.

 Congress votes &nbsp; We all heard about the marriage issue and again I would have voted no as well but I have to say out of the five republicans who voted no with democrats (only one dem voted for it) only one of the republicans had small government in mind the others want it legalized and the state made more powerful these are "moderate" republicans. heh. Thanks go out to the senator from New Hampshire for voting against the bill. &nbsp; Congress voted on others as well they are as follows with my thoughts: &nbsp; Australia- US free trade agreement implimentation - I would vote no and its not because I am a protectionist but because I find the bill favors unfairly the USA we still hold on to some protectionist stances while Australlia is fully open, this is unfair. &nbsp; Agriculture Appropriations Act - No. This bill costs a total of 16.7 unecessary dollars in spending. &nbsp; Foreign operations Act- NO. Non intervention and staying out of foreign affairs. It is our governments job to focus on our interests and really I would prefer it be spent here in the states but honestly I'd be against most "aid" spending here as well. Foreign meddling only when it is in our security interest will I support. &nbsp; Project Bioshield- Yes. I go with the crowd and while this may not be the absolute conservative/libertarian stance I still support it. &nbsp; If only I were in congress. &nbsp; And the democrats (I believe a congresswoman from CA) are still complaining along with kerry about the 2000 elections and wanting to police them which I can go with so long as our sovereignty is not further violated as it constantly is by getting the UN involved. &nbsp; &nbsp;

 America home of the free? &nbsp; Is america really a free nation? Is it really the nation standing against the horrors of communism? I've taken some time to compare the USA as it is today and the past to the communism via the communist manifesto here are some facts and observations. &nbsp; First Plank: Abolition of property in land and the application of all rents of land to public purposes. (Zoning - Model ordinances proposed by Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover widely adopted. Supreme Court ruled "zoning" to be constitutional in 1921. Private owners of property required to get permission from government relative to the use of their property. Federally owned lands are leased for grazing, mining, timber usages, the fees being paid into the U.S. Treasury.) &nbsp; Second Plank: A heavy progressive or graduated in-come tax. (Corporate Tax Act of 1909. The 16th Amendment,&nbsp; ratified in 1913. The Revenue Act of 1913, section 2, Income Tax. ) &nbsp; &nbsp;Third Plank: Abolition of all rights of inheritance. (Partially accomplished by enactment of various state and federal "estate tax" laws taxing the "privilege" of transferr-ing property after death and gift before death.) &nbsp; Fifth Plank: Centralization of credit in the hands of the State, by means of a national bank with State capital and an exclusive monopoly. (The Federal Reserve Bank, 1913--the system of privately-owned Federal Reserve banks which maintain a monopoly on the valueless debt "money" in circulation.) &nbsp; If you want to go further the tenth plank of the communist manifesto shows us that libraries and public schools to. Just a little research I did, give it some thought.

 urlLink George Will: The government should get out of the way of charity

 Taxation Is out of control. And has been for awhile. And will sadly continue unless we the people do something about it. Income tax is indeed slavery/theft upheld by our government not just on the federal level but states as well! It is taxation on productivity people are having up to 50% of their income stolen! Property tax- a violation of property rights which we supposedly have here in america but when they tax you on property and go further by actually physically taking it something is wrong. Property taxes are high and get higher all the time and its wrong, but hey they go to support schools, roads and useless fairs! Fairs can be dealt with privately and with user fees etc. Schools can be privatized and made to run better etc as well. Roads then are really the only thing to tax for and even those can be somewhat privatized. Don't forget the sales tax that only keeps food out of people's mouths or from purchasing other things etc. it holds back sales and such states like oregon have no sales tax and do much better since Idaho raised its sales tax to keep spending but not raise property taxes people started leaving and shopping in oregon instead of here! I say we get the sales tax lower or gone and same with property tax and abolish the Idaho income tax! Observe your state its probably as bad or worse than mine when it comes to taxes and don't forget the fed.

 Abortion and parental permission this makes sense to me, having parents be a part of such a decision and such I supported and still do Idaho's law requiring parental permission for abortion just like I do the recently passed bill requiring parental permission for a tattoo but thanks to the 9th circuit court in san francisco it is no longer law. No thanks to Valkenburgh of the Idaho aclu, this is where I take a "conservative" stance rather than libertarian or other stance I am and forever will stand against abortion.

 Thanks Ron! Thanks are in order to Ron paul of the texas congress for standing against our action dealing with taiwan and china nothing wrong with defending taiwan but as he said better ways to go about it. Also thanks to the congressman for standing against the over intrusive census- the thing is a waste of time and money and way to damn intrusive on one's privacy.

 urlLink Vote: The Machinery of Democracy

 Patriot Act Some of its uses so far: sg1archive.com was recently punished via the patriot act for some copyright etc. garbage via the mpaa and such several years were spent looking into it and such hmm.. And paypal an online payment service of course was sued some 10 million let us not forget for allowing people to gamble online. Heh. Not to mention an artist in New York who recently had some issues with them when he should not have. Just remember John Kerry voted for it as did most politicians and of course let us not forget he and many still do support it.

 Polls New polls from Rasmussen: 62% of americans think they should not be charged for the democratic convention, well then what does the DNC have to say about this? So far nothing and I can gurantee they won't take the right path and give the money back and privately fund it, never will they now or in the future. 68% of americans think Badnarik libertarian for president should be allowed into the debates and I'm sure support for others like nader then is high as well. Constantly we here of democracy and the majority which by the way is flawed belief we are a republic and democracy/majority rule is flawed as it leads as I often say to oppression of the minority but just the same it is wrong to force 62% of americans to fund your convention and it is wrong to deny them the right to hear other opinions in a debate and to allow others to partake in a debate. Democracy? NO. Republic? Not anymore were a democracy! heh. We are neither and democracy is flawed anyway though perhaps better than other choices. Were all getting screwed to by politicians and the government as these polls show.



 I just read a great article about a libertarian candidate for office in the senate, urlLink Sean Hughes has gotten alot of coverage for starting a great campaign to clean up after himself and others who advertise for their campaigns with flyers and signs etc. fantastic! Btw I'm not a N. Carolina resident but I like this guy and he gets my recommendation.

 Yet another letter to my loco locals! Alright driving out and about today I noticed something, people watering there lawns at 4 in the afternoon or earlier during what is the worst time of day to water it is least effective and really a waste when you could water in the late evening hours or early mornings this is a better choice for your wallet and yard hell overall. Your yard is better watered, you spend less on watering it and use less water which is a great thing in the middle of drought which we currently suffer under, its really annoying when you see people like myself ( I do not of course do this I am no hypocrite) whom have large properties. Please be wise with your consumption thanks.

 urlLink USATODAY.com - Heinz Kerry: 'John is a fighter' I resent the fact that she believes all or even most business rapes the environment and that government involvement in the environment is good economics. Government involvement in this respect causes more troubles and hurts business. Less is better which is true of places such as my own state, when they mess with it the worse it gets and often they just lie. Hp by the way is voluntarily offering free recycling of pc based materials, this is good and many companies do things like this, they should be encouraged by we the people and their supporters if you see a company abusing people or the environment you do something about it take action if more people, if enough would do this action would be taken. And if I'm not mistaken our dependence on foreign oil is thanks to our government to and indeed also the car companies and yes we the people, consumers are to blame. We buy these vehicles that get horrible gas mileage and pollute rather than good clean cars with excellent gas mileage etc. we are often the ones who do not recycle goods that are able to be (soda cans and newspapers etc.) and we also are often disrespectful of the environment ourselves I'm reminded of a recent outdoors trip and seeing trash all over the place and even seeing someone I knew litter whom I then scolded and cleaned up after. Please join me in doing our part. And don't forget the government is one of the biggest polluters.

 urlLink AtomFilms - This Land its a hit on the web and its getting coverage on tv and newspapers. Its getting heavily watched and great reviews and for good reason, its hilarious. :)

 urlLink Cal Thomas: The convention cover-up

 urlLink Ann Coulter: Put the speakers in a cage as for usa today not running it, I can see why they wouldn't but I thought it was a pretty good article :)

 urlLink Mike S. Adams: I had an abortion! I'm in agreement.

 Hollywood: manchurian candidate and more New movie, a remake of an older title is coming out however unlike the original which involved communism this one is about the evils of global/multi national companies, really they aren't all that bad. ONe of the actresses from the original has spoken out saying she is sorry this happened. Political correctness ruins what could have been a great film. Perhaps its because the folks starring in the film along with others involved are communists themselves and of course we know they all despise business. The battle for clearplay dvd players continues with disney and many others getting involved to prevent parents from being able to use these dvd players that would edit out inappropriate materials. I think its great, I also like the ability to control your tv and cable and the internet and think its best done through the parents and products like these that aid them rather than government and I'm disgusted that businesses including disney which is really just wrong is standing against these dvd players rather than supporting them.

 Democratic Convention coverage Nader has been banned from attending I kid you not! He is not allowed into the convention. He was on O' reilly to talk about it and how he's been kept off the ballots to (this is wrong dammit and not just because I'm a republican!) and of course he spoke as I've been speaking of how this convention is taxpayer funded. Anarchists as they often do were out protesting bush and kerry saying they were both the same, one fellow said "They're both the same really" listed how so and then, " kerry is basically just a better reader that speaks proper english" or something of this sort. heh. This was in boston, they blocked traffic, cops showed up but only followed in front and behind of the group, many of the crazies were as usual wearing masks. Seems a bit cowardly, if your gonna speak out have some balls! heh. Note: There is such a thing as a capitalist anarchist these fellows are more or less the more famous communist types. Man I've seen dean, carter and millions of people on tv. Clinton is on tonight that should be interesting. Speaking of carter... I don't think I'd want him backing me up if I were running. haha. :) I also heard this: Senator mary landrieu said this today " People don't know this but lousiana is a democratic state. We voted clinton in twice. All our statewide officials are democrats.We belive in hard work. And that the government should meet people half way." Which is it Mrs Landrieu? Hard work or welfare? I'd like to note that in her state you don't even have the freedom to wear, ladies, low cut jeans! hmph.

 History and alexander hamilton You've likely heard of the new book out on the charts and shelves about alexander hamilton, the myth which this book puts forth is that this man was truly great which he really was not let me give you just one thing to think on: he was a tax raiser the idea being that americans were lazy and of course taxes were good for everybody but that americans could work harder to earn the money back they lost via taxation. This occured to me the other day thinking about taxation raises by kerry if elected and lead me to hamilton. He thought along the lines that debt was not a curse but blessing and unlike myself that banks increased capital and that finally foreign trade drained a country of its wealth and like I said earlier that taxation was a spur to industry and necessary as americans were a lazy leisurely bunch. Their goes that myth, of course I can't nor can anyone else speaking of this myth against it can compete with this book and its well established lie. A little something I just heard on tv while typing this I thought I'd share the former head of GE spoke of our deficit and that cutting taxes is not enough but spending is as well in need of great cuts.

 Barry Goldwater a racist? Alrigh we all know about barry goldwater and his run for presidency back in 64 and how it all went down many liberals like to say and many thought of him at the time to that he was a racist. This is not true, he supported several civil rights bills, helped find arizona's NAACP and was a proud member to death. He opposed the 1964 (unlike the overwhelming majority of republicans) because in title 2 and title 7 particularly if you read it in his view and I agree was big government it was not something a republican should have supported they should have done as he its kinda like that new free trade agreement with australlia I've been speaking of.

 Capital Building and sales tax A group focused on the capital building is wanting the sales tax increase which we have been promised will go back to its original five cents from six to pay for improvements and repairs. Their are some necessary repairs especially after a recent flooding of some of the sections of the building and it is a wonderful building and a necessary one I've seen it and met many who work in it including the governor and his office I'd honestly rather see a rise in sales tax or extension or even permanent raise than one on property or income but at the same time I think fundraising and donations could be useful and perhaps the governor and mayor should seek such things out I am sure many would be happy to do so from businesses to organizations to individuals and of course fundraisers would only raise more money, for instance the mayor is having a park fundraiser this weekend via tickets for floating the river and a bbq so I say why not try these things and try to not extend or make permanent the tax increase.

 Canyon County fair update Well voters decided in the end not to allow a tax increase of 15 million dollars to improve the fair in canyon county, 58% actually supported but it need 2/3 of majority to pass. The spenders are sad sighting that the children are the losers, and the taxpayers whom have children are the winners and can thus decide how to spend this money if they want to attend the fair they still can and could pay volunarily towards improvments while for instance other parents could use the money for a vacation or other activity that is preferable to forced spending on a state ran fair, which really is entirely unecessary when private fairs could replace them if allowed and not monopolized by the state of Idaho. The canyon county fair has come to pass and indeed it is lame but so is the costly one here in the capital I never particularly enjoyed it as a kid I often protested going actually prefering to stay at home or go elsewhere rather than their. The fair here starts up in a few weeks no increased spending is being spoken of but neither are cuts etc.

 Destroy The IRS? Hell yes! We could move to a national sales and various other voluntary ways of dealing with issues. Just because money is not being forced from people to give to others does not mean that people will not give or that services done by government can not be done by the people, in fact less taxation and government service will mean more work and more private service. This would be great but it won't happen. I watched cspan today as I often do and caught not only the re-opening of the statue of liberty but also a young american founders convention/meeting where Walter E williams spoke and I loved it when he spoke of the IRS and how if you refused first you'd recieve a letter then a threat of having your house taken, when you tell them they won't take your house from you they show up armed with weapons and you defend your home and land with your weapons, as a result he said you get killed.

 Entertainment The mouse that roared - based off the book written shortly before it this film starring Peter Sellers made in 1959 (in color) is hilarious, very well done film I enjoyed it and would highly recommend watching it sometime. The movie will make you laugh and also offers up some commentary, its a satire and a rather good one. You should be able to look it up and order it online so get on it! 1984- now this I watched and read. The book being better but the film was rather close just a few slight differences but the biggest was the movies ending which was much different and really I prefered the books over the films. Wonderful, worth being the huge hit it was and still is. American candidate - gephardt's daughter chrissy was the first to go and on the first episode to, I enjoyed the show and plan to keep watching. OF the players I rather like James, park and richard two of whom are republicans one a fellow environment guy whom I can agree with a bit and the other a family man whom I can also agree with a bit and the other a libertarian I can agree with. I'm gonna have some trouble choosing a favorite. The only one person on the show I dislike the most is bruce of peta, him I can't stand what a wacko! IN more ways than one. Hey PETA- People eating tasty animals :)

 Various ramblings Just a reminder Ronald Reagan opposed the draft at least as of 1979. I am glad many republicans do such as Rohrabacher, a reaganite from california whom he represents. The draft is wrong, if a war is just if it is supported like during the second world war people will enlist freely and serve and this may be necessary we may well see much more action and the action could be much more violent and grand in scale and thus will require much more of all of us including enlisting but no one should be forced ever, a draft is force it is immoral and should not be allowed and enforced. Read some reports recently in The Republican a magazine published in boston and also william F buckley a popular conservative who both now support and even nationalreview along with a rather popular blogger Instapundit has posted on his blog that the war on drugs and marijuana particularly is well wrong it only leads to more troubles and takes us from a more important matter: Defense. We could at least decriminalize and legalize for medicinal purposes, stop locking people up and let the sick use it! Hell I even say fully legalize but regulate to not allow any kids to use it and so on and tax it via a sales tax etc. this would all work fine really. More on war: Much talk about Iran now. Its about time really they are a huge problem that needs to be dealt with but carefully, you want world war three? It will come of this, it will come with these guys involved. We will get help from many within that nation who oppose their government and others around the world but sadly I don't think there is enough support for such a war I do not think a third world war could be fought if need be and its getting there. I don't want another world war hell no but it seems it may well happen in the future, if so the draft will definetly be an issue and support around the globe and here at home will not be much. As for the war in Iraq I say we continue, the 20,000 troop withdraw was good and hopefully we can be entirely or damn close (very few troops, very little involvement) in there in about oh lets say a year or two I think that can be done. Things look to be finishing up in Afghanistan and I'd say we can withdraw soon the remaining 20,000 troops or a good deal more of them once they have their elections there. Of course much more military movement/re organization and withdrawal needs be done.

