 you really must check out urlLink jojo in the stars . it just won a bafta and is small and wonderful. also, an interview with urlLink marc craste , the creator, talking about jojo and the pica towers. i can't wait to see the full length film. a quiet night. met urlLink shawn at urlLink moonstruck after three-strikes-you're-out attempts to sell the rings. bummed around, then waited for the proofreading person to show up - she was half an hour late, wanted me to look over another draft, then paid me half of what i'd asked for. her paper was fairly well written, so i couldn't grudge her that, i guess. home, then chicken tarragon for dinner, followed by a nice hot bath. i took the boy home a little bit ago, and now i'm just winding down. tomorrow will be hellishly busy - tuesdays after mondays off always are - and i will be tired tired tired by the end of it. g'night, kids.

 For your viewing pleasure, the v small Miss Gypsy:

 Good news: My tax returns are done, and I'm getting $86 back from the state. Bad news: I really do owe $1052. Solution: Talk to my parents. My dad promised they wouldn't leave me destitute on the street. I emailed them when I first suspected I would owe in, and now I've emailed them to see if they will loan me the money, to be repaid to them. I have a feeling they'll be nicer creditors than the IRS. Good news: I have a printer. Bad news: I don't have the cable that attaches the printer to the computer. Solution: Trip to Best Buy just as soon as I finish my soup. Good news: I got the paperwork from Nate. Bad news: That means I have to pay the legal bills soon. Solution: Sell my wedding rings. I was going to do this anyway, I placed the ad in the paper a couple of weeks ago, and today I'm seeing at least one person about them. Bad news: I have bills due that I don't have the money for, and I need groceries. Good news: Mom sent me some money for Valentine's Day to help with some bills and my car insurance. Breathing easy. Double good news: Two proofreading/editing jobs in one weekend means $80 or so that I didn't have before. So things seem to be balancing themselves out. Something will go wrong, and then a solution will present itself. My money situation gets really tight, and proofreading work comes my way. I start stressing my relationship, and all sorts of lovely assurances come along. I am so, so blessed.

 After midnight and I'm tired, but not really. It seems like I'll get one night of really good sleep, then a night of crappy sleep - either way my body is in total flux, up one day, down the next. That said, I feel surprisingly stable and real these days. Allow me to wax sentimental for a moment. OK, too bad, you don't have a choice. I am totally taken with urlLink this boy . Totally and completely. I don't remember ever being this smitten. I asked urlLink Sarah about that yesterday, in the context of a conversation about her new boy. She says she's further gone than she's ever been before - more committed, more in love, more loved. She then apologized for being silly and gushy - and I had to point out that I've been silly and gushy for months now. I asked her if she remembered me being this silly and gushy before, and she said no. And maybe it's because I had no expectations that I have been so overwhelmed - but this is more than I ever dreamed possible, with the promise of even greater things, if only it's right. We were in his kitchen tonight - I was putting away dishes while waiting for the tea to steep, he was standing and talking to me - and it just feels right. It feels right in the ways our bodies accomodate each other, the ways we've learned to move with and around each other. And I know it's redundant and repetitive and all that - but I love him. I do. I love him, and I can't help it.

 An all-around nice weekend. Friday night we went to Oday's for dinner, along with urlLink Shawn and Oday's friend Aleksondra and her husband Jim- beef soup with lemon and rice (I ate the lemon and rice), Moroccan chicken quarters with couscous, and a fig parfait. Super tasty. I felt a little out of place being a non-department kid, but Jim and I bonded over that (and Bill Bryson!), and it was all good. Left Oday's around 11, and headed over to the kids' to watch urlLink Lost in Translation . Good thing I gave urlLink Hannah the movie on Thursday, cos it was almost over when we got there and I would've felt bad making them wait. We watched the last 20 minutes-or-so, ate cupcakes, said hi to everyone, then headed home. Saturday I went home around 9:30 so urlLink Shawn could prep his apartment for his parents' visit - I took a bath, then talked to Mom and urlLink Amanda for a bit, which helped calm the nerves about the imminent parent-meeting. No time to freak out = no freaking out. Good to know. urlLink Shawn and his parents picked me up, and we went to urlLink Courier for lunch. I think it went well enough - no one thinks I'm an axe murderer or a whore (as far as I know), and I got to read Snip, Snap, Snurr, and the Buttered Bread . Snip, Snap, and Snurr were a big part of our childhood - or at least Mark's - and the books are out of print (being from the 30's and all), so it was quite a find! Anyway, urlLink Shawn 's parents were quite lovely, and I was terrified for naught. They dropped me off at home, and I cleaned my desk and puttered while they were shopping and such. Went back over to urlLink Shawn 's later in the afternoon, where he gave me my fabbo VD present (even though he doesn't do Valentine's Day) - apple candles, a giant Mounds bar (my fav), and a Hello Kitty necklace. I gave him a mix CD and urlLink Schott's Original Miscellany , which is freaking brilliant. We ordered pizza and worked until late, then watched all of urlLink Lost in Translation , which was spare and lovely. We had other movies, but I was tired so we went to bed. Today's been hanging out, reading, working - urlLink Shawn was paring down his writing sample for Stage II, I was editing urlLink Hannah 's. I left mid-afternoonish to get stuff done - laundry, groceries, etc. I haven't done laundry since my birthday, so it's going to take a while. I'm going to rendez-vous with urlLink Hannah later to go over her essay, then back to urlLink Shawn 's for urlLink Law & Order and dinner. I'm off tomorrow, which will be nice. I have to run to Villa Grove to see someone about my rings - and meet with a student about some editing - and maybe free bookshelves. And sleeping in. :) In other news, the paperwork arrived from Nate yesterday, complete with a stickie that read "Happy Valentines." The irony is not lost on me. So now it's just a matter of time - I'll drop the paperwork off to the lawyer tomorrow, and in a few days it's done. I'm relieved and happy - and sad. It's hard to express how happy I am with my life now, with what I have, with who I have become - and the concurrent sadness (for there's no other word for it) over what happened between me and Nate. I feel a tremendous amount of regret because of how I treated him, even though I knew no other way. We made some terrible mistakes in our relationship, our life together, things that can never be taken back or fixed - and I guess I can only hope that we've both learned from them. I don't ever want to hurt or be hurt like this again - and that potential terrifies me. Sometimes I lie awake next to the boy and watch him in his sleep and wonder how I could possibly deserve this - this second chance, this incredible wonderfulness. Not much else to report. I cleaned out my desk and found credit card statements from 1998. urlLink Amanda was going to go to London, but now isn't. Gypsy tried to eat peapods, then was distracted by a cardboard box. I started David Sedaris's urlLink Me Talk Pretty One Day . I also started putting the archives from my old site on this site - see the ever-expanding archives. It's nice busy-work. OK, the laundromat calls.

 A Cup of Valentine Cheer by Kate Geiger Have another drink! Every sign in every bar Boasts discount drink specials And old candy hearts. Inviting reluctant singles And those unlucky at love To mingle and merge, And turn on the charm In hopes of bringing home a cup of regret and shame To wash down stale pink-frosted cookies the morning after. "Be mine!" they beg. "Forever and always, Yours truly, Love." Scratch that. Lust. Drink up, Buy in, Sell out. Good morning, And welcome to your most expensive holiday. The only day you will sell your soul For a hand to hold. So here's to empty promises, Mornings after And meaningless rhymes Scratched across cheap greeting cards. Raise a glass And toast the empty cynicism Of February 14.

 urlLink Won't you be mine?

 A long day, and I'm ready for bed. Have I mentioned I really enjoy working with Ron? He reminds me of Dan in some small ways - not the same sort of friendship by any means, but we can talk politics and issues and what-not. I appreciate that because so much of my branch seems to be whitebread. I'm coming to appreciate the people at work more and more - Mandy and I had a great convo yesterday about a lot of things, which I really enjoyed. Again, it's not like working with Dan, with whom I could talk about anything, but it's better than I expected. The reading tonight was fun - some have been hit-or-miss, but this one seemed to be consistently good, including the poem about dead squirrels. Gotta love the squirrels. No word on the taxes yet - the CPA is prepping them, then will call me and let me know. In a related note, my lawyer called today all in a panic that he'd dropped the ball - he was v. relieved to find out he was A-OK. Rumor in the English department has it that urlLink my belov'd Shawn is dating a different Elizabeth from the department. Hmm. Do they know that Elizabeth was one of the most common names for baby girls in the late 70's and early 80's? Or maybe that there are people outside the department? I was both amused and bewildered - and secretly a little thrilled, because it means people know. Speaking of which, there was a great urlLink Friends episode on the other night - the one where Phoebe meets Mike's parents and is totally paranoid cos she's never done the meet-the-parents thing, so puts on this totally pretentious accent and tries to impress them, going so far as to eat veal - only to have them back-stab her and have Mike come to her defense, telling her that he loves her. I mention that because I'm supposed to meet urlLink Shawn 's parents this weekend (maybe), and I'm terrified. That's all.

 I am exhausted, and my back is aching. I must be storing all my stress there - or maybe the new pillows I got weren't such a hot idea. Today will be a long day, and all I want to do is crawl back in bed with the boy. 8:15-8:45 Staff meeting 8:45-11ish Work 11ish-12ish Lunch 12ish-3:30 Work 3:30-3:45 Drive across town to meeting 3:45-4:45 "How Banks Work" 5:15 Get taxes done and find out how much I owe "the man" 6:00 Dinner with kids? 7:45 MFA reading at Bread Co., then out to the bars(?). Yawn. That's all I have to say. I'm going to have to skip on the going out, sadly enough. One, I don't have the money, and two, I'm not going to be awake. I'll be lucky if I stay up through the reading. urlLink Shawn fell asleep last time - so cute. :) And on the owing-yet-more-money front, urlLink Nate IM'ed me last night to say that the paperwork is on its way. Just a little more time.....

 More weird sleep, this time interrupted by a series of dreams involving Nate totally fucking my financial future, refusing to pay for things he's legally obligated to pay for, being totally unreasonable, etc. Then something about getting a ride somewhere with my brother, then him leaving and refusing to give me a ride, so I had to walk back to the house (wherever that was) and wait for him to show up so I could get my car back. I'm tired of these 5:30 wake-ups. Last night was nice - bummed around here and played online for a while, adjusting the color scheme and what not - took a shower, then went to urlLink Shawn 's for urlLink 24 , where we learned more about the terrorist baby, who just reallllly complicated a relationship. I made French Onion soup all pretentious like, complete with a little crust of bread and melted mozzarella cheese. Tasty. urlLink Friends was super great - the one with Joey reading urlLink Little Women and when he gets sad (or scared), the book goes in the freezer. A good plan. I hung out there til about 10:30, then headed home. Today? Work, calling the guy about the editing, emailing the lawyer, cleaning my apartment, hoping for mail, then meat night tonight with the kids. Nicole is coming, as is (maybe) CandyPants, so it should be fun!

 A new color scheme, all springish and such. Did you know it's difficult to buy cranberries when it's not the holidays? No mail since Saturday. That's weird. Hmm.

 I am so freaking tired. I think my eyes will close of their own volition in a matter of seconds. I'm kind of glad the boy took away my Dr. Mario and gave me a back massage that I thought would literally break my back cos now I lack the will to do anything. Just sleeeeeep. Not a bad day, all in all. Work was crazy-crazy, but I balanced and survived. That's why I'm a supa teller. urlLink Moonstruck with urlLink Shawn , then home for Dr Mario and tasty food. I made some muffins for breakfast after urlLink Heidi mentioned tea and muffins. Tasty. Mmm, now I'm thinking about breakfast and wondering if I can convince the boy to have breakfast on the glider when it's nice out. Took him home a few minutes ago, and now am midly sedated and lacking the energy to put the computer down and move to the other room. I would just sleep here but it would be murder on my back. Thanks, U2: You say you'll give me Eyes in a moon of blindness A river in a time of dryness A harbour in the tempest But all the promises we make From the cradle to the grave When all I want is you

 Holy crap, urlLink this is great. It is freaking gorgeous out today. The sun is shining, the snow is melting (a little), and there's a nice breeze without the sub-arctic chill we've experienced the last few weeks. For some reason walking across Lot J on the way into work in the morning reminds me of London - maybe it's just the exhaust fumes from the commercial loading zone combined with the still of the city before it comes to life - but it feels familiar in ways that have nothing to do with my daily routine. I'm really tired. I went to bed right after blogging - it was freezing cold in my room, but I bundled up and went right to sleep, only to wake at 5:30 with my heart pounding and my whole body shaking. Strange, strange dreams - it took me a long time to get back to sleep. So I'm dragging a bit this morning, but not as badly as I expected. I thought some food might perk me up, so I scraped up some cash and am having lunch at Za's. Anyone have any suggestions on work I can do from home to supplement my bank-o paycheck? urlLink Sarah suggested abstracting, but I haven't been able to find any info online. I need to supplement my cash flow, but I don't want to work every night of the week, which is what I'm afraid of if I get a "real" job. I like the rhythm of my week - Monday night lounging, Tuesday urlLink 24 , Wednesday night meat, Thursday night family dinner, Friday night with urlLink the boy . I'm spoiled, I know. Anyway, any ideas are appreciated. :)

 With all my whinging, I managed to not mention anything that happened this weekend. Friday night I met urlLink the boy at urlLink Moonstruck , then watched a little urlLink Wallace & Gromit before heading to dinner with urlLink Hannah , urlLink Sarah , and the elusive CandyPants. Risotto, Scrabble, and much silliness ensued, though I felt a little out of it and consequently was a bit withdrawn. I passed urlLink Shawn in the doorway and he pulled me back for a kiss, good and proper, the way a girl should be kissed by the boy who loves her. We went home and watched urlLink Gods and Monsters , which was pretty incredible, then crashed earlyish. Saturday we slept until late, read for a while, and bummed around until late afternoon, when we went back to urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah 's to see Matt, in town for an afternoon, along with Ben. It was good to see Matt - I wish I'd had more of a chance to talk to him, but maybe next time. Sometimes his crushing hugs are just the solution to whatever ails you - and other times it's hard because he sees through the walls I put up to protect myself. At New Year's he kept asking me if I was OK, asking what was really going on behind my eyes - and I managed to dodge the question. This time I wanted him to ask, and he didn't. Hopefully I'll get to talk to him more soon. After Matt and Ben left, the four of us went to urlLink Fiesta Cafe , where I had the terrific Bandido. Lots of tasty tasty food. After dinner we browsed for a while at urlLink Pages for All Ages , where urlLink Sarah and I finally had a chance to talk - we camped out on the bathroom floor and talked and cried (well, I did). It was really good, and just what I needed. The boy loaned me his gloves, and we went to see urlLink Miracle , which was worlds better than I expected. Loads of audience participation, including one man who jumped up to cheer for the goals as they were scored on-screen. urlLink Shawn held my hand. After the movie we said our goodbyes, stopped to buy coffee, and crashed. Slept in today - I was really tired this weekend for some reason - and headed home around noon as urlLink Shawn had lunch plans to stock up on meat with Oday and Dan. I delved into a pit of self-loathing and shruggishness, as displayed in my earlier post, and talked to urlLink Adrienne online for a while, which was nice. I had a long bath and a nap, talked to my mom, and felt better. urlLink Sarah and I talked online for a while, which was good. We haven't had much time to talk just the two of us lately - we used to have lunches, and meat night dinners, and both of those things have included other people recently. I think we both needed it. Lots of things going on. I went to urlLink Shawn 's to watch urlLink Law & Order and ended up staying through urlLink The X-Files . It was nice to just sit and be together. I know we do that a lot, but sometimes it's just what I need. I came home around midnight and tried to relax, but was too awake from all the napping and sleep all weekend - so I took a bath with some gorgeous urlLink LUSH products courtesy of urlLink Heidi , and am now hoping to sleep. Oh, and did I mention that urlLink Shawn did all my dishes? I came home from work Thursday night to find that he'd done them all. How great is that?! I'm feeling better. Somehow getting it all out helps. Still more to talk about, but at least my concerns, my fears, my hopes are out there. Have a good night, kids.

 I'm terrible at dealing with things, at saying the things I need to say, at actually going after what I want and need. Six months ago I was in hell - not literally, but in a bad bad way. I didn't know what I wanted, I couldn't stop crying, I was nearing the end of one relationship and not even daring to think about the beginning of a new one. I had to make changes, or I was going to die. So I did. Now, six months later, that relationship is over in all but the legal sense. I have moved to a new town, a new apartment, and a new job. I am supporting myself. I have new friends, and that new love I could only dream of before is a reality. I have so much. Yet somehow I find myself completely out of control. When I moved, I had many hopes. I wanted to start over - to start a new life separate from the one I had been leading. I wanted to go back to school. I wanted this relationship to work in the real world, now that the miles that separated us were only a memory. And now I find myself in a different sort of limbo, waiting for the pieces to fall into place so I can move on with my life. Maybe that's what I get for wanting and trying to plan ahead - I don't know. Waiting to hear from urlLink UIUC , waiting for the divorce to go through, waiting until it's right, waiting until I have the money, waiting waiting waiting. If there's one thing I know, it's that I need to learn patience - and a whole hell of a lot of it. But in the meantime I feel myself withdrawing. I know it's a defense mechanism - it's one I learned from my dad and have perfected in my 24 years. I hate conflict, I hate making other people upset or uncomfortable or mad - and because of that, I keep my feelings to myself - my concerns, my frustrations, my anger. I don't talk about the things that are bothering me until they've eaten me up inside to the point where I'm crying all the time and keeping to myself and rebuffing the attention and affection of those who love me. This internalization was one way I failed at my last relationships - not talking, not sharing, not letting myself need other people. I knew I was doing it Friday night, when we were at urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah 's - also when we were at the bookstore yesterday. I pull away because I need the people that care about me to seek me out, to notice something's wrong, to help me - and because I don't want to ask for help. It's something I know I do - and I'm trying to change that. I don't know what I'm looking for. I don't know why I'm blogging this. I need something, and I can't lay my finger on it. And I guess I'm just going to have to wait until I figure that something out.

 Happy urlLink Waitangi Day ! It seems strange to have the holiday pass without talking to Eva, as the celebrations in our house were initially her idea. Ah well, things change. I don't know what more I can say. I'm still tweaking it and adding photos, but you can see my urlLink photo album here . Let me know what you think! I pulled the photos off my old domain, as well as a few other sites I've maintained over the years. More photos of the urlLink apartment to come soon. Serious cabin fever. The snow needs to go-go-go. I don't know what will kick me out of this funk other than a hella lot of sunshine. Too bad my vacation doesn't come for another couple of months. This weekend should be nice, though. Dinner tonight with urlLink Sarah , urlLink Hannah , and CandyPants - then tomorrow dinner with Oday and a few other random people. I'm ghetto-po', so not having to pay for meals out is a good-good thing. I look fabulous today, just so you know.

 Today started at 4am when someone decided it was the right time to shovel the walk. The last time they shovelled at midnight. Hmm. I got up and closed my window, then tossed and turned back to sleep. My room was insanely hot last night - most of the time it's teeth-chatteringly cold - and I slept half the night with the cold winter air on my body, probably the only person in C-U with their windows open. It was nice, and made me wish for spring even more. Feeling a little better this morning. After trying to call the boy with no answer, I took a long shower and played with my computer for a while. He popped online, and we talked for a bit, which also helped. I worry that I'm too dependent on him and on Sarah for my happiness and peace of mind. They have their own lives and worries and concerns and plans and while I may be a big part of them, these other things exist independently of me. They exist independent of me. I need to learn and remember how to be independent of them as well. *shrugs* What I really need now is to get my arse in the shower so I can get to work on time.

 I'm really feeling like shit right now. And I don't know why that is. I'm feeling useless and lame and like I do nothing but sit on my arse and talk about the weather. I'm trying not to hold my breath while I wait to hear from urlLink UIUC , all the while my friends complain about how much they're disillusioned with the school and the teaching and the students and the available coursework. What am I getting myself into? Maybe I'm approaching grad school with the wrong frame of mind. Maybe I'm needing it to be something it's not. Maybe I'm needing it now as much to fit in as anything else. I don't know. The decision is completely out of my hands. I don't know. Maybe it's just the winter blahs. Or blecks. I feel really uncertain, I guess. I'm unduly masochistic when I'm in moods like this, trying to pick fights, provoke people into saying untrue things out of anger or frustration. I blend into the scenery, or just don't come out at all. I go to sleep blue and don't know why - or I lie awake late into the night. And it's night like this when I wish I had a roommate, or that I lived with my lover - that there were people around - not just around, but in my house - people to keep me busy or distracted or to just curl up with me when I needed it. Instead I'm here. Alone. God, I'm selfish and whiney.



 A quiet and nice night, though I went to bed feeling inexplicably blue. urlLink Sarah , urlLink Shawn , and urlLink Missy came to dinner - chicken pot pies and an amazing flourless chocolate cake. We played a super random game of Facts in Five (always, always random), then the girls left and urlLink Shawn and I hung around until bedtime. I don't know what's wrong with my sleep, though. Maybe his insomnia is wearing off and I'm getting it in the form of totally fucked sleep. I had weird dreams and was up a couple of times in the night, not to mention lying awake while he went right to sleep. Yawn. Not-sleep is lame. On the bright side, I do get a week of vacation in July. I was going to be super pissed cos all of June, July, and August had already been blocked (I'm SO the low man on the totem pole, as it were), but they're letting me overlap my vacation with Liz's, mainly because she asked for days off when she doesn't normally work. What? I dunno. So now I have to figure out something fun to do. Yay for fun. Aight, off to work and to wait for the rumoured five inches of snow headed our way.

 Advisory to anyone considering having children with urlLink Shawn : He thinks calling a child urlLink Version 2.0 might be acceptable or even cool. Not a bad day. The cats seem to have not destroyed the apartment, though I'm going to blame the current disheveled state (and the dirty) dishes on them. I picked up a stack of books from the library, and am going to settle in and read for a little while before the kids come over for meat night. Lunch with urlLink Sarah and Jody at urlLink Panera , then a quietish afternoon at work. And have I mentioned that I love love love getting out of work before it's entirely dark?

 Not much to say today except an uneventful day, tasty Chinese buffet food for dinner, a sketchy sketchy fortune (involving service and the reliable "in bed" tagline), urlLink 24 with 900% more death and 100% more abductions than last week, and now playing with urlLink the boy 's digital camera. Photos of my random apartment coming soon! Oh, and the urlLink rathergood kids have struck again, bringing the madness of " urlLink We like da moon " to urlLink Quiznos . I don't really know what to say except that we nearly fell off the couch when the commercial came on. Fucking genius.

 Mmm, urlLink tea . Had dinner with urlLink the boy at Za's - a few stolen moments at the end of a longish day. I am a v lucky and spoiled girl. My little Gypsy is asleep on the couch next to me, I have a pot of tea, and I'm going to take a bath in a little bit. Sometimes it's just good to have a night at home, even if it's a little lonely. urlLink Amanda wrote a few months ago that the biggest thing she's learning is the difference between loneliness and boredom. I'm still learning that difference.

 I know that science has proved a strong link between the senses and memory - but I wonder if most people experience it as achingly as I do. A long time ago urlLink Shawn said that he was surprised by the vividness of my sensory memory. It's true - it's such a fundamental part of me, the memory of taste, smell, touch. One of the first times I sat up all night talking to him online I was in the office of my house with the windows open and all the lights out and it started to rain - my skin pricked, and I remembered walking in the rain in Paris almost four years ago. Today - and recently, I guess - I'm thinking about smell - how the smell of a person or a place lingers, how that smell years later can bring you back to the moment. A few weeks after the urlLink Tea Party adventure, I was in Oxford Circus in the middle of a crowd and I smelled Jeff Martin, his hair and leather jacket and smoke, and I spun around, half expecting him to be there, even though I knew he was in Ireland. For a long time it weirded me out that Eva wore vanilla perfume because I had always associated that scent with my mom - and now every time I smell it, I think of Eva. urlLink Nate used to love it when she spent the night because in the morning his pillow would smell like her. I find myself loving the same thing now, crawling into bed after urlLink the boy 's been over, smelling him on my pillow, his lingering scent in my bed. I want my scent to linger in the same way, reminding people of me, my perfume and shampoo and the scent (and sensation) of my skin.

 I finished Alain de Botton's urlLink On Love last night (review urlLink coming soon ) - lots of fun, and the definition of over-thinking a romance. One part is sticking with me this morning - the unnamed main character talks about always hating Sunday nights because they reminded him of grief, loss, death (in a way). Sundays get me for the same reason - the end of the weekend, going back to work in the morning, usually the end of a couple of days spent together, knowing that I'm going to be swamped in a few hours, etc. An inevitability of the 9-5 work week, I guess, but still lame. I need a vacation. I'm missing my Rockford life a little today - my friends, my job, my coworkers, my family. I don't miss that relationship, but I miss my old apartment - the porch especially. I miss working with Dan and Clint. I miss going to the Irish Rose. I miss my mom and my sister. I'm really happy here, but sometimes on a grey Monday it's easy to miss that which I've left behind. It's good that I know that I get in funks like this, though. Mondays weren't as bad when I was working with Jake, but he's just weekends now, so I'm alone a lot of the day. urlLink Shawn is meeting me for coffee tonight after work but before his colloquium, so that will be nice and will alleviate the blah a bit. Then home, where I'll probably just bum around with the beasties and maybe watch urlLink a movie or something.

 In my head I have one of those fantasy lives that everyone dreams of. In this dream life, I'm doing interesting and relevant work that changes and moves people. I'm making fabulous meals and am comfortable financially. I'm getting adequate amounts of sleep, exercise, and sex. My skin glows with health and happiness. I have hair that is under control. My cats never get in trouble, and I never slip on the ice. I go to sleep at night with my love beside me, and wake to find him still there. There are things that I want that I can't have, things that I want that I can't make happen, and things that I want that I'm just going to have to wait for. Grace comes in realizing these things, and making the best of them, and learning patience one step at a time. It's just that I'm not so good at being patient.

 I can't wait for summer. It's warm in my bedroom this morning - unseasonably so. I've had a hard time managing the temperature in here, and most days it's freezing, but today I have the door open and the cats are lazing in the sunbeams and I'm wearing my lemon dress and thinking of sunny days to come. I can't wait for long lazy days with the windows open and fresh air coming in and laughter breezing through my windows from the park. I can't wait for iced tea and tying my hair up and sandals. I love love love the seasons, but I think I'm a summer girl at heart.

 Apparently there was a urlLink PETA protest this afternoon in which a girl painted up her naked body like a tiger and sat in a cage on the corner of Fifth and Green. Someone told me about this, but somehow I missed it. Damn. Tonight was Meat Night. To answer urlLink Jen 's question, Meat Night is a night when friends gather to have, well, meat. It started out this fall when I moved to Champaign - we had Thursday night "family" dinners, but they were all vege to accomodate urlLink Hannah and others. So urlLink Sarah and urlLink Shawn and I started getting together on Tuesday nights to have various meat dishes. Meat Night has been moved to Wednesday to accomodate our obsessive urlLink 24 viewing, and much of the time Mark and urlLink Missy join us. Anyway, we had chili, cornbread, salad, and brownies. Everyone bitched about school, and the cats furred all in attendance. The kids went home an hour or two ago, and urlLink Shawn and I are just hanging out. My back is aching from leaning over the sink doing the dishes, and I'm tired. For some reason I've been not-tired at bedtime the last couple of days - like I'm tired earlier in the day, but when bedtime comes around I'm wide awake. So I suppose I should be thankful for the tired?

 So I'm going to put together a FAQ with all sorts of randomness about me, this blog, etc, and I was wondering if there's anything you'd like to know. Post it in my comments, or urlLink email me . urlLink Jen , I will answer your Meat Night question herein. That's all.

 Holy crap, urlLink this is great . I know the voting is over, but it's still freaking amazing. I would be falling down at my job as a urlLink Ludo Ninja if I didn't mention that urlLink Ludo is touring and generally rocking the house. I'm hella bummed that they're not coming through Champaign - they're going to be in Indianapolis, though, on 4/10/04. Too bad that's the weekend we're going to Indy to see urlLink Damien , and I just can't afford two trips in one weekend. Boo. But go urlLink Ludo - come to town soon. No urlLink Derrida last night - we were both sleepyish and instead spent most of the night on the couch. I read urlLink Paris to the Moon , and urlLink Shawn played Metroid. Pretty pretty game, that. We ordered pizza and generally rebelled against Mondays. Today was cold and dreary and I felt very lady-who-lunches with my little green bag and my skirt with a slit and my Parisian umbrella. I played with my urlLink Delia's wish list and was generally bored. urlLink Shawn met me at work - a nice surprise. Right now we're watching urlLink 24 - no terrorist baby yet. Oh, and a couple of fun things for people with more money than sense: urlLink backpack coffee set urlLink "smart" mug

 Monday morning and I overslept, waking at 7:50 to the sounds of birds and traffic and springtime. It's sunny and cool in my room, and my bed was perfectly warm and comfy. If he had been here, I don't know if I could've gotten up on such a perfect morning. Even the cats, my squeaking crying pawing alarms, slept in this morning, in a tight little catball by the window. God, I love the in between seasons. I went to bed last night around midnight, not entirely tired, and called him, curled up in his soft warm sweater, hugging the bunny he gave me to my chest. We talked for just a few minutes, but it was sweet and let me go right to sleep. But today will be crazy and I'm sure it's off to a bad start already by the fact that my ass is on the couch instead of in the shower - but it's gorgeous out, and I will make the best of it. Happy Monday?

 It's late, and I'm not tired, perhaps as a result of my weird sleep last night. I went back to bed and curled up with my boy and my bunny and got to sleep eventually. I was awake early, but stayed in bed late with him, just enjoying the cool breeze and the warm bed. The kids came over around noon, and we dyed Easter eggs, baked and iced cookies (the boys ate the dough), ate quiche, and got tipsy (except urlLink Hannah ). The kids went home around 4, and urlLink Shawn left shortly after. I have cleaning to do, but I've been mainly bumming around. Break is over, and work will be crazy tomorrow. I've had such a sweet week-and-a-half, and knowing that I have a busy week ahead of me, followed by a weekend without him (we're both heading out of town), is pretty sucky in comparison. But that's alright. I'll live. And tomorrow night we'll go see urlLink the Derrida movie , and Tuesday there will be urlLink 24 (but what about the terrorist baby?!?!) and Wednesday will be meat night, and life will get back to normal. Hope your weekend was as lovely as mine.

 it's late and i'm wide awake and i don't know why. in the other room he's peacefully asleep - i think i fell asleep while he was finishing his chapter, and now am completely awake after a short nap. the birds are singing, and in the park some drunk kids are having a party. it sounds like fun, and for a few minutes i sat by the window to listen. tonight was a nice night - dinner with the kids for sam's birthday, shared a bottle of decent low-priced pinot noir, then coffee and home. i love being able to walk to these outings, especially when walking in heels and a dress is still feasible. it felt like one of the first true days of spring. we sat on the porch most of the afternoon, reading and writing and just enjoying the day. after dinner we watched movies and i painted his nails green instead of blue, while my own nail-painting attempts were less successful. i finished my book, and now i can't sleep.

 The US Mint has released urlLink a new nickel , and apparently will be releasing another in the fall. Oh, and you can get FREE Lesson Plans! from this site as well. "So be on the lookout for these new nickels...they really are history in your pocket!"

 urlLink Cait referred to urlLink Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind as being "emotionally obliterating." Sitting in the theatre in the half-dark with tears running down my cheeks, I completely agreed. I wish I could describe all the things I was feeling. Kate Winslet's character was so many people I've known - she works at urlLink Barnes & Noble , and in so many ways was an amalgamation of many of the girls I worked with there - stunningly individualistic, ravishingly beautiful, so insecure of who they were and who they wanted to be, trying to make themselves more interesting or more wonderful by being deliberately different. But what got me more than anything was Jim Carrey's character's struggle against the erasure he had requested. As his memories are erased, he begs the technicians (from the inside of his head, on the other side of sleep) to stop, to let him keep just this one tender memory, let him keep this one piece of her - and of course they don't, so inside his head he and Clementine (Winslet) race through his older memories, trying to find a place to hide her, just a bit of her. And I found myself wondering if people from my past would erase me, if they had the opportunity. And I recognized myself in Joel (Carrey)'s unwillingness to lose the memories of the person he was so very ready to be rid of. The movie was so, so good. And my night was good too. Work was slow (surprise), and after mutting through $60,000.00, they sent me home around 4:15. Took a quick shower, then met urlLink Shawn at urlLink Borders for a little while. He got me my wonderful Marshmallow bunny, and we collected random free things from the "educator" table. What I really want to know is how anyone's going to use the urlLink Ra album in their classroom? Hmm, it went home with me instead. Yay for free stuff. Dinner at urlLink Miko , where the waitress was fun and complimented me on my Hello Kitty necklace, then we went to the movie. Wonderful. Stopped by my place to grab movies and such afterwards, and it was so pretty and foggy in the park that we decided to walk from there. It was terribly romantic and pretty and I felt like I was running away from home. Oh, and my sandal broke a couple of blocks from urlLink Shawn 's, so I had to limp a little bit. We watched urlLink Adaptation , which I have somehow owned for almost a year but have never actually watched. I really liked it - it was awkwardly beautiful, and I really want to read urlLink The Orchid Thief , though I realize it will probably bear little resemblence to the film. Right now I'm hanging out on the couch while urlLink Shawn is playing video games and we're listening to one of his random cd finds from yesterday. I finished urlLink A World of My Own yesterday and am now almost done with Douglas Coupland's urlLink Souvenirs of Canada . Did you know Coupland also has a book called urlLink God Hates Japan ? I had no idea. He's got a new novel coming out in the winter, as well as a second volume of urlLink Souvenis of Canada . Should be pretty freaking great. I suppose I should really finish all the books I'm still reading, but instead I'm going to start urlLink Paris to the Moon and/or urlLink Why I Write . Tonight is dinner for Sam's birthday at urlLink The Great Impasta (which is not in Maine, contrary to urlLink Shawn 's current link), then tomorrow we're dyeing Easter eggs and making cookies at my place with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah . Should be a nice weekend.

 A quick blog while I wait for my coffee to perk. It's rainy here, and a cool breeze is blowing through my apartment. Lovely. Yesterday was a nice day - work was wicked boring and featured such boredom-busters as me climbing in the Sixth Street window to take down decorations while wearing a short skirt. No worries, I've done such things before in the Wonderland window - except there I always was on a ladder, not actually climbing into a little window box. It was entertaining, if nothing else, and Neil and I had fun speculating on what horrific things would go up next. urlLink Shawn was at my place when I got home - how nice it's been to come home to him this week - and we hung out for a while, then went to the kids' for dinner. They made chicken stuffed with feta and pesto, scalloped potatoes, and other tastiness. It was nice to just hang out - we haven't all been in one place in a couple of weeks owing to schedules and such. urlLink Hannah was up for going out, so the four of us went to urlLink Nargile and smoked a hookah - and I finally figured out why I could never get mine to work. Now I just have to locate the charcoal. :) It was a nice night and we felt like dancing - talked about summer plans - urlLink Sarah and I were accused of seeing everything through a Rockford filter - and we headed home around 11ish. urlLink Shawn spent the night, and that was wonderful as well. And of course we see things through a Rockford filter - that is our common experience, and that is where I've spent almost the entirety of my adulthood. I'm sorry that filter excludes some - I'm sure everyone has their own sort of filter, be it their undergrad experience, their current grad school experience (don't get me started), where they came from, etc. It's just that we happen to have ten years of history together, which is a pretty fun filter in and of itself. That's what best friends do. I guess we're like people who always talk about living in New York or Chicago or some other big city - except not as cool, cos it's Rockford. :)

 Things I have done today: Blogged for urlLink Gypsy . Finished my non-degree application. Thought about hating my job. Looked for a new job. Had lunch with urlLink the boy . Meat night - just the two of us, but tasty cranberry chicken stuff. Made my bed. Enjoyed the fresh air.

 Today I just really couldn't give a fuck about my job. Really. I know everyone has days when they're frustrated with their work and their workplace - but this goes beyond frustrated. I have lost all desire to do anything beyond that which is required of me. Usually I'm a boss's dream - self-starting, self-motivating, a good team worker, etc. I screw around, yeah, but only when there's nothing else to do. But I've had enough of the petty bullshit, and for today at least I no longer give a fuck. It doesn't help that my manager is on vacation this week, so we're left with the actual manager and the assistant manager, neither of whom really do anything with my job - meaning they don't give a fuck, as long as I balance and leave them alone. So when I had a question on a continuing customer issue - something I've been dealing with for about two months, talked to the relevant departments, etc - she turns around and tells me that there's no way I should've done half the things I've done for this guy, even though they were sanctioned by my manager and the other departments in question. So I had to turn around and tell this poor guy that we have to get his requests in writing again and, oh yeah, that main issue? I know I told you I'd taken care of it, but apparently I was misinformed. I told him he should talk to my not-supervisor. I did not tell him she was on a major power trip. Oh, and the other supervisory type that had helped me with this customer? Denies all knowledge. And then, not 20 minutes later, Ms. Power Trip comes over and tells me in a kindergarten-sweet voice what exactly I'm to do this afternoon. Because, you know, I have actually been turning off my light at 2pm and just taking a nap for the last six months instead of doing the same fucking thing. If there's one thing I hate, it's incompetence. If there are two things I hate, they are incompetence and people who compensate for their managerial incompetence by going on power trips. I've dealt with that at my current job and at my last job. It seems to be mainly a problem with women - women with lousy confidence and not much education who really think the best way to manage their employees is by being a bitch. I hate to tell you this, but being a bitch will not win anyone over. It will only make your employees hate you.

 The coming home Sunday night is always the hardest part of the weekend. It used to be a lot harder - a LOT - when coming home meant leaving his apartment at 5-or-so to spend three hours in the car missing him and not looking forward to the week ahead. Now it means hanging out until late, then driving three minutes or eight blocks home. Sometimes it's really hard and I fight it - other times one or both of us has things to do and it's just natural. Either way at some point between the walk to my car and the eight blocks home the melancholy hits me - the going home to an empty apartment, specifically an apartment that doesn't contain him. It always feels like a little defeat, and it makes the coming of Sunday evening all the more difficult. That said, I had a really wonderful weekend. Really wonderful. Not a bad week at all, actually, just not too much of note, so I'm afraid I've stayed away. Wednesday was meat night - Mark, urlLink Melissa , urlLink Hannah , CandyPants, and urlLink Shawn were in attendance. I made roast chicken, mashed potatoes (for which my family is famous), and a sweet potato pie, which wasn't as good as I hoped. I felt bad that I had no veggie options for CPants, but he seemed to survive. My grandparents called after dinner, which was nice. It was a lot of work, but the meal was fabulous, my apartment was hella clean, and I had a nice night. urlLink The boy stayed with me, which made it even sweeter. Thursday came home and had lunch with urlLink Shawn - he tried to talk the cats into eating a cracker, and it just didn't work. He came over after work, and we went to see urlLink Blue October and urlLink Better than Ezra at urlLink the Canopy Club . Thought about real dinner, but ended up just running to the oddly terrific Paradiso for sandwiches instead. The concert was a lot of fun - I didn't know much by either band, but really enjoyed the atmosphere. I miss going to shows. That's one thing I haven't been able to do much of since I moved down here. I didn't go to shows all the time in Rockford - not even every month - but it seems like every few months there would be a concentration of them in Milwaukee or Madison or somewhere and after work I'd be rushing to get dressed up, vinyl and makeup and such, and driving there, pushing my way to the front, getting slammed into the barricade and singing along at the top of my lungs. Nothing gets my endorphins going like concerts - but I also love those quiet moments, turning and looking back at the crowd, seeing everyone else as lost in the moment as I am, each person experiencing a song in their own achingly individual way. I love it. Friday was awful. I had a terrible day at work - so frustratingly bad that it doesn't even bear repeating. I got to work with my friend Liz, which was cool, but that was really the only good thing about my work day. I talked to urlLink Amanda the whole way home - walking across the lots to my car, driving home, changing, putting on makeup, then meeting urlLink Shawn at urlLink Borders . He was incredibly sweet and did his best to cheer me out of a terrible mood - I just wanted someone to make decisions for me, to figure out what I wanted to do, and to kiss me. We had dinner after wandering around and playing with books, then I picked up ice cream and we watched movies until pretty late - the terrific urlLink Rushmore and the pretty-lame urlLink Kalifornia . Saturday we slept in until mid-morning, then headed off to Chicago. I've been so spoiled living just a little over an hour outside the city - this was my first trip in from Champaign and while not bad at all, it was still a far cry from my old drives. We bypassed parking downtown and left my car at urlLink Amanda 's, opting to take the train into the city. It was wonderful to see urlLink Amanda - I miss her so much and don't get to see her nearly often enough. We spent the remainder of the afternoon at the urlLink Art Institute - it's always so great to wander around there - you always find something new and wonderful. For me, it was a few of Odilon Redon's paintings, like urlLink the Flower Clouds . Redon is described as a Symbolist, but the saturation of color and the imagery reminded me of the (literary) magical realists. I was transfixed - too bad I found them as we were leaving. We wandered over to urlLink Millennium Park to check out the construction progress - it was all still just dirt and rubble the last time I looked - then had dinner at urlLink Bennigan's , where the kids had Monte Cristos and our waiter foolishly took away our honey mustard preemptively. He regretted that, I'm sure. We tried to get coffee at the too-cute urlLink Millennium Perk , but it was closed (early!), so we ended up at urlLink Cosi , where we all had tasty coffee drinks and smores. Yay. Took the train back to the OP, hung out for a bit, then headed home. It was well after midnight when we got back, I was exhausted, and we crashed without further ado. Today we didn't bother getting out of bed, really, until around 4. urlLink Shawn made coffee and bagels and we both read and chilled and snuggled and slept. It was just what I wanted - and what I think we both needed. There's something delicious about not getting dressed until it's almost dark - and being warm and naked and together is even better (even in a non-sketchy sort of way). This afternoon we watched urlLink Brazil , which was more ehh than brilliant, and had random snacks. I came home after dinner, urlLink Law & Order , and urlLink Crossing Jordan (which is turning out to be better than expected). It's cold, I'm tired, and my cats are codependent after being alone for the weekend. I feel bad about leaving them here alone a lot, but some days (and weekends) I just don't want to be here. So on the whole it's been a good week-or-so. I'm sorry for my absence. I didn't set out to go away - and then I wasn't around a computer. With the exception of Friday, a good week indeed. Good food, music, art, friends, drives, sex, movies, reading, peace. I felt happier the last two days than I have in a while - which is saying something, cos I've been pretty happy the last little bit-or-so (once the initial let-down of the rejection sunk in). I have so very much - friends, a good life, an incredible boy. I'm an incredibly lucky girl.

 The end of a long day, and I'm exhausted. Court went well - I was out of there by 2ish and on my way to the bank, then to the DMV. My drivers' license photo looks like I have my mouth full of food, but otherwise it was pretty painless. The proceedings were sad but quick - I think the hardest part was listening to the other cases. I made a bunch of breathless phone calls while walking down the street - I was exhausted and excited and relieved and destressed and sad all at once. Part of me wishes I'd had someone to come with me - but grown ups have to do sad and icky things sometimes, and they've gotta be able to do them on their own. Hung out at Espresso for a while, then urlLink Shawn met me and we went to ghetto Thai aka Golden Wok for dinner - they reopened yesterday after being closed for several months - someone drove into their entryway around Christmas. I really wanted to celebrate tonight, but there was much work to do just before break for all my friends, so the celebration will wait. I came home pretty early and rearranged my bedroom and my books - the apartment is still a mess, but now there's some form of order in the book craziness. I'm prepping dinner - I've made both sets of potatoes - and am drinking a Smirnoff Twisted V Cranberry (hella tasty). I'm going to finish up the dishes then head to bed. It's been a long day, and I'm feeling a lot of things - sadness, relief, exhaustion, happiness, regret, bliss. Things will continue to work things out as they have over the last few months. I'm infinitely grateful for all that have stood by me - and all my new friends. I have so much. I only wish the same for him. Hooray for freedom. I'm off to bed.

 A note from the urlLink Chambana community: "UIUC all campus student VOTE Just a friendly reminder for all the UIUC students in the chambana community to VOTE online for student senate as well as the resolution on the student position on 'The Chief' You know you have an opinion....let your voice be heard urlLink http://www2.uiuc.edu/elections/intro.html you can do it in about 30 seconds from your computer seat...don't have to get up, don't have to wait in line...so what are you waiting for? :-D"

 And so we come to the end of things. I go to court in about two hours. I'm anxious and relieved and sad. It doesn't feel like a big deal because we've been over in all but the legal sense for months and months - we've both gone on with our lives. But I still sign his name to my checks - I still have to say that I'm married even though I don't consider myself such. Soon that will be over as well. I'm not going to pretend it didn't happen - I spent six years with him, a big chunk of time, and things were good a lot of the time. I don't regret marrying him. I don't regret being with him. But that period of my life is over. urlLink Shawn was saying the other day that he wishes he could just read and drink coffee and go to plays and watch movies and have sex and eat good food. Our lives are more like that than we both realize - good, good things - and I'm so grateful.

 In typical E fashion, I dealt with my horrid day by spending money I probably shouldn't have. urlLink Shawn and I went grocery shopping at Meijer, then hung out at urlLink Borders for a couple of hours with coffee and snacks. In an attempt to cheer urlLink Shawn up, I brought over one of the urlLink ugliest Beanie Baby bunnies I've seen . He sat at the table with us, and was given a snack by the barrista-girlie. I picked up urlLink In a Sunburned Country (to replace the copy on perma-loan to Eva), urlLink A Walk in the Woods , and urlLink Paris to the Moon , thanks to the buy 2 get 1 free deal - also urlLink The Body Artist for $1. Then I came home and ordered the entirety of the urlLink Alexandria Quartet for under $15. Not too bad. I'm going to think of it as spending part of my state income tax refund (the whopping $86, which I already sent to the fed as part of my federal bitchtastic pay-in). Anyway, the combination of books and urlLink the boy and snacks made up for an otherwise craptastic day. Still thinking about the apartment. It's a lot smaller than mine, and a lot more affordable. Mark really wants to take Gypsy, so that would solve one problem. I'm sure I could find homes for my random superfluous bits of furniture. *shrugs* Not like I have to make a decision today. Tomorrow I work a half day, then go to court. I think I'm going to bake tomorrow night, and maybe prep for dinner Wednesday - I'm making roast chicken, mashed potatoes, and a sweet potato pie. For tonight, though, I'm going to finish up online, play with my books, then take a bath and crash. It's been a long day, and I need sleep. Oh, and I disagree with Uncle Grandpa. We can urlLink all sit around hating Mondays .

 A nice weekend. Food and movies (and sleep) Friday night. Saturday was warm and sunny and snuggly. I did laundry, then urlLink Shawn came over and build my bookshelves - yay! We went to see urlLink The Dreamers at the urlLink Art Theatre after dinner at Nitaya Thai. We ended up meeting urlLink Hannah , Sara, and Adam there - a nice surprise. urlLink The Dreamers was sketch-tastic but ultimately lovely and a wonderful homage to the cinema. A reviewer referred to Lawrence Durrell as being drunk on words - I felt like I was drunk on images after watching urlLink The Dreamers . I put candles on my new shelves - the light played on the walls in such a lovely way, and it was terribly romantic. :) We stayed in bed forever this morning, urlLink Shawn working on perfecting the urlLink book club site , along with urlLink his own . This afternoon we went to see urlLink A Raisin in the Sun at urlLink Krannert - somehow I've managed to not see or read this play, which is surprising. I enjoyed it, but urlLink Shawn 's right - it felt amateurish, despite the guest director and actress. We ran over to urlLink Espresso during the break, and managed to scrape together an order of $5.08 so I could use my debit card. It was a really nice moment, sitting on the steps, the wind in our hair, sharing a snack in the sunshine on a Sunday afternoon. I came home after the play and talked on the phone for a while - Erika, urlLink Hannah , and Sarah - I updated my recent reading on the urlLink book club site - now I think I'm going to write for a bit, then maybe take a bath. It was just really wonderful.

 An addendum to the earlier post: Mipsy and Mao are not my cats.

 Some distressing news from the world of rock: urlLink Tom Jones drops trademark pants . My cats are the most effective alarm clocks ever. Too bad we can't find the buttons to either turn them off or reset them for a later time. They're sneaking around the room right now, enjoying the sunshine and the forbiddenness of being in here. Gypsy is going after birds, and Gambit is nesting in various things. Mipsy and Mao are being hardcore spies and have stuffed themselves in one of the cubbyholes in my desk. It's v cute. This weekend should bring movies, a play, bookshelf construction, and reading. Last night we had dinner at urlLink Kopi , thought about going to see urlLink the reputation at the urlLink Cowboy Monkey , but instead opted to come home and watch urlLink X2 , which was v pretty but which I mainly slept through. That's all. :)

 urlLink There should be a meme called Why You Shouldn't Date Me, wherein you candidly and openly reveal your most disgusting characteristic. So ha. Ten Reasons You Shouldn't Date Me for Kevin Fanning 1. I'm really lazy in the morning and am likely to not make coffee unless you ask. 2. I will write about my personal life on my blog, like it or not. 3. Love me, love my cats. My cats have great personalities, but they will fuzz you to no end. 4. I don't shave my legs on a regular basis. And by not-on-a-regular-basis, I mean a couple of times a year. 5. I have overprotective friends. 6. I'm addicted to email. 7. I may have some small issues with being alone. Just maybe. Little ones. Incredibly small, actually. 8. I hate doing dishes, but I love cooking. So if you're with me, you'll end up washing. Sorry, that's just the way it goes. 9. I am intractable in my belief that Orlando Bloom looks like a bunny. 10. I have this tendency to fall hard.

 Something feels heavy in me this morning.

 these are the things on my mind tonight: my cold feet raspberry vinaigrette the really great urlLink book i'm reading how inexplicably sore my thighs still are sleep writing a vague sense of discomfort pork license plates what i want to do with my life you know what i really like about spending the night? i like waking up together and lying in bed after he's up and around and in the shower or making coffee or something - i like rolling over into his spot, still warm from his body, and lingering a moment in the contour and heat of him. i have always loved that about waking up with someone i love. it's such a peaceful, content, safe sort of feeling.

 A long day of work, free books at lunchtime, a cold walk, free coffee, a movie, then home. I ransacked Babbitt's on my lunch break after Neil tipped me off that they're cleaning everything out - far from the first time I've been in a bookstore alone, but still a little ghostly remembering the first time I was there, with urlLink the boy the first weekend we spent together. I wore my lemon dress and stood with my hips cocked, sore in such delicious ways. Today I felt a shadow of that ache again as I crouched in the non-fiction room, my thighs throbbing. After work I walked to the art museum, where we went to see urlLink Do the Right Thing , part of the IPRH film series. It was freezing and I felt hella-sick, but a cup of coffee and urlLink the boy by my side made me feel better. We headed home, had dinner, and bummed around. urlLink He went home an hour or so ago, and I'm just winding down. I had hoped he might stay with me tonight, but I have an early meeting and he had stuff to do. Really strange dreams last night. Let's hope tonight is more peaceful.

 Some urlLink hella Johnny Depp hotness at the end of the day. Oh, and they're making new urlLink Narnia films. Sweetness. That's all, really. An uneventful day. It's cold, and I need to sleep

 It's almost not worth mentioning how exhausted I still am. I wish I could crawl back into bed and sleep another four or five hours - just until lunchtime, that's all I'm asking. Sometimes I really envy the part time people, but I couldn't make ends meet that way. At least I had the forethought to make coffee. Talked to Nate online last night - he found Gypsy's favorite toy, and is sending it down to me soon. Hooray! She will be so thrilled. It's odd how he can be so civil in some places, then openly hostile in others. urlLink Shawn 's probably taking Oday's apartment for the fall. He will be farther away from me, and that makes me sad - but it's not like it's Canada, just not within easy walking distance. Now I just have to start thinking about my plan - and where I'll come up with the money for a deposit. What if I let Mark have Gypsy and took urlLink Shawn 's apartment? It's an idea...

 I am completely exhausted. What a long day. I got back from urlLink Shawn 's a little bit ago - I think I'm going to clean up the kitchen and crash. Work took a lot out of me - today was much more hectic than Friday - lots of catching up and barely staying on top of the piles. I was 90c off, and that was a miracle. I expected to be one of those head in hands, crying cos I just can't do it sorts of afternoons. Around mid-afternoon it started snowing. After work I stopped by the dumpster to see if they'd thrown away anything promising in the great Babbitt's clean-out - and discovered that the shelves had been broken down and tossed. So what's a girl to do? I pulled my car around and filled it with as many shelves as I could - approx 5 complete units. I was quite a sight - short fitted skirt with a big slit, stripey top, only a sweater for protection against the fat wet snow - hanging half out of a dumpster, pulling out wood. A couple of my customers stopped by to see what in the world I was doing - one guy even got in the dumpster to help me find things. Thanks, customers. After the great dumpster extravaganza, I went to Meijer, then came home, ordered a pizza, and bummed around for a while until urlLink Shawn called - I'd left him a message stating that it was imperative that he call me cos I had things I needed to give him for the sake of my personal safety. Maybe I was exaggerating, but some of the nails sticking out were freaking huge. So we unloaded my car, assembled the shelves, reloaded my car with the un-assembled shelves, and finally got his books out of his closet. Wow. He has an insane amount of books. I guess it's something about effortlessly filling a bookcase that is probably seven feet tall and five feet long. Wow and double wow. We're going to do the rest of the building later in the week. So now I'm home, and sore, and tired. I've had this stabbing ache between my shoulder blades all day, and the minor bit of assembly I did isn't helping. I thought about taking a bath, but I think I just need sleeeeeep.

 It's after midnight and I'm a little tired, but mainly I feel like writing. I'm not sure where this is coming from - probably partially from the book about writing which I read today, partially because I've been away from my computer most of the weekend, and partially because there are things that have been kicking around in my head. I don't know how to get started, though, or where it will go. So instead I will retire, thinking about my novel, my heart so very full.

 After some turmoil, a nice weekend. We were going to go dumpster diving at Babbitt's, then to see urlLink A Raisin in the Sun at urlLink Krannert - but ended up with a much quieter evening. Dinner at Kamakura, then book browsing at Barnes & Noble for a while. I picked up a volume of Coetzee essays, and urlLink Shawn got a whole stack of books, then requested that I not allow him to do such in the future. We watched urlLink Chocolat with Johnny Depp looking hotter than I've ever seen him - mmmm - and urlLink O Brother, Where Art Thou? , which I somehow managed to miss all this time. There was a frog, and lots of great songs. Thanks, urlLink Netflix , for the random great times. Today I sat on my arse and did nothing except read and paint my nails. I finished urlLink 1066 yesterday - reminded me of my semester in Saxon England while I was in London - and Lady Laws perched on the edge of her desk squealing "Bede!" and bringing history to life in such vibrant and memorable ways. Today I read urlLink Syrup (which was hella good) and Stephen King's urlLink On Writing . I have really warmed to King in the last six months - first the Dark Tower sequence, now urlLink On Writing . I'm not going to take back what I said about the cars from another dimension (must be said with special influence ), but he is a much better writer than I expected. I tried to read urlLink Jennifer Government this evening, but when I wasn't engaged at all after 50 pages, urlLink Shawn staged an intervention and suggested I could just put it down. Good plan. It was such a nice day, though. We didn't leave the apartment at all - at least not until I came home an hour or so ago. We read and listened to music and he worked and we had soup and mainly were just together. He makes me laugh and smile so much - and the silly and random things he does make me love him even more. At one point he was singing along with urlLink Ben Folds - a particularly empassioned rendition of some song - and I just had to laugh and kiss him because, fuck, how could I not? Some days - like yesterday - are hard, and others are intoxicatingly wonderful. *

 I hate feeling like this, like the old patterns are repeating themselves. I used to be able to do these things - no sweat, no harm, just fun and drinking and friends - and now I can't. And it's not even a matter of wanting things to be worth more than that - I just can't do it. I can't do things I don't mean anymore. I can't even flirt with that sort of situation anymore. It makes me feel sick and uncomfortable. And it doesn't mean that other people are bad people for being able to do it - I just can't. And what's worse is that I can't express it. I've always been bad at voicing my opinion when it was the only dissenting one - I don't like to make waves, I don't like to be the one to spoil the fun everyone else is having. So what do I do? I don't say something - I just withdraw, hoping that someone will notice me leaving, hoping that someone will figure out that something's wrong, hoping that someone will come find me. And that's what I did, sitting in the bathroom with my back against the door, listening to them laugh and talk in the kitchen. And when he came and found me I brushed past him, but he caught me and held me for a long time and all I could say was "I'm sorry, I can't do it, but you can keep playing." And I sat in the driveway with my sweater wrapped around me, quietly crying and not sure why. It's like there was me - and then this aura of permissiveness and fun and affection enveloping the rest. I felt so alone. And we went home and there was a message on his machine from a girl saying she got the results from a test and that she was pregnant and it was his - and though it was a wrong number, it didn't help my mood. We sat in the chair and talked for a long time. And we went to bed and I kissed him and it was tender and wonderful. But when we got up this morning I guess I needed more comforting than I thought, and when I finished my book and sat curled up in the chair while he did his work I felt so alone. And so I got dressed and got my things and left with hardly a word and lied when I said I was OK and cried in my car. And then we talked online and he told me to get a song with this lyric: "don't cry/you can rely on me honey/you can come by any time you want/i'll be around." And it breaks my heart how much I love him and how much I don't deserve him and how I should be better than crying alone on a Saturday when it's sunny and my cat just wants in my lap. I don't know. I'm sorry for not knowing what to say when I need to say it, and then saying too much after the fact. Sometimes I can put on a brave and blank face, and other times that face just breaks. But I'll be OK.

 It is sunny and breezy and the birds are singing. I got home a little bit ago, and have to turn around and leave in a few. What I really want is to put on my track pants and walk for an hour or so, just soaking it all up. Instead I will get dressed and go to work - and hope they let me have the door open so I can get a little of the sunny wonderfulness in my window. Watched urlLink Y tu mam tambin last night - sketchy as fuck, but better than urlLink Swimming Pool . Dinner with the kids, then quiet. I stayed at his place, and came home in the sunshine. Nothing else to say, really.

 Somewhere along the lines I decided that checking my email on my lunch break is more important than eating. Why? I don't know. I'm not really hungry until later in the day, and then I have to wait until after lunch. So again I'll be on the all-caffeine diet. Yay, caffeine. Haven't checked in a while, but I sincerely hope tickets are still available for urlLink Damien next month. I'm listening to his version of urlLink Radiohead 's "Creep" and it's just gorgeous. I want to drag out the "eous" into something long and serpentine and representative of how gorgeous Damien actually is - his music and him. Mmm. So yeah, I need to be about that. I'm doing OK. Really, I am. There are these moments that are so bittersweet in their disappointment, but for the most part it's just a dull ache that I can ignore most of the time. Here I am, blowing things way out of proportion, but at least I'm aware of it. I have enough reason to ache this year. And now off for a long, boring afternoon. Tomorrow is Unofficial St Pat's, so I'll be hammered with change orders all afternoon. Thanks, undergrads. Tomorrow will be a long day, and then we have a teller meeting after work. Down with meetings - or at least meetings where you can't drink along with all the other dumbasses on campus.

 urlLink Sherman Alexie is hella crazy. That's all I'm saying. We went to see him at the university tonight, expecting him to talk about his books or his poetry or something. And he didn't. He did, however, talk about blow jobs and gay marriage and being sick on Oprah and "crossing streams" and lying. It was super great and well worth a random evening. Oh, and the customer doesn't think I stole the money, and neither does the bank. Whew. Cos I didn't.

 I'm just tired, I guess. Tonight was nice. I got off work early - I have a meeting on Friday, and they didn't want me to go into overtime. I was supposed to be off at 3, but didn't get home until almost 4. urlLink The boy was already here, and for a while he slept with his head in my lap while I worked on the crossword puzzle. urlLink Missy came over for dinner - urlLink Sarah and Mark both had stuff going on - and the three of us had tasty food and carrot cake and talked about lack of motivation. I'm really glad she's my friend. Sometimes the people you love date people you don't understand - you don't get the attraction, you don't like the person but have to pretend to - and other times they date people who are perfectly lovely. The problem comes, of course, when you're friends with the guy and the girl and then they split up - like Dan and Scandalous Pants - and you're not sure if you can still be friends with the one cos you're good friends with the other. Anyway, I digress. A nice quiet evening. I took urlLink Shawn home a little bit ago, and in a few minutes I'm going to crash. Things I'm keeping in mind right now: Re: the living situation I have two cats that are going with me. Therefore, if I get a roommate, they can't be allergic to cats. This eliminates living with Dan, not that it was really a choice. I don't want the cats in my bedroom, so if I move, I have to have a bedroom door, and if I get a roommate, they have to be OK with cats in the shared living area. This eliminates taking urlLink Shawn 's apartment. I don't really want to live in an apartment complex. I don't really want to live in Campustown. I have lots of time. Re: the work stuation I'm going to stay where I am for at least another month. I'm eligible for vacation in April, and it'd be dumb to waste the time I've already accrued. I need a full time job that pays at least as much as I'm making now, with or without tips. I would like to work in an office - or in something totally down-scale like a coffeeshop or a bookstore. I like working in Campustown. Nothing's forever. Re: the love life Things are really good. I'm going to not stress it. Sometimes that's easier said than done. Re: school. This is a major disappointment, but not the end of the world. GSLIS accepts students for the spring depending on the amount of spots available. So I will apply for Spring 2005. I can reapply to writing studies, which I will probably do after talking to Gail. I would apply for Fall 2005. I might take the lit subject test and apply for the straight-up English department for Fall 2005. A lot of things can change in a year, which is how long I have until the applications for Fall 2005 are due. I can always apply elsewhere. I might be able to take classes as a non-accepted/matriculated/whatever student in the fall. It would be more expensive, but may be an option to get my foot in the door. Re: money It will work out. It always does. That's all for now. I need to sleep.

 Do you know what it is to fall, and fall, and fall again and still and through until you land, solid and with a thump, broken, yearning, in need of something never imagined yet somehow just perfect? And to fail and to hurt and to redeem and renew and somehow never get it right until you've found that which is right, more right than anything you've ever known or felt or been? urlLink "That's what love was, she thought, throwing open everything and not having it matter if it would go on afterwards." To be open, empty, broken, changed and renewed - I know it, I know it so well. I know it in the ways my body has known it for so long, the fundamental things you can't change or reason with, when the only choices left are resisting that which you need more than life or giving in to that which may destroy you.

 You know how I feel about Mondays. Today I will work all day alone, getting caught up on the Monday after the last home game, then I'm expected to go to dinner with my coworkers, then to the annual meeting. I like (most of) my coworkers, but I just don't want that much branch togetherness. Going out for a drink after work is one thing - but 8 hours of work, then dinner, then 2 hours of meeting is just too much for me. Sorry. So instead I'll sneak off to meet the boy for coffee, then maybe come home for a while since the meeting's just down the street. And I know that not every day can involve staying in bed late with arms wrapped around each other, cuddling and reading and enjoying warm nakedness and bodies pressed together - but would that really be so bad? That's all I want right now - a hot shower, then crawling back into bed.

 A third post about me from someone I don't know offline in a week. That's hella random. urlLink Ada wrote about privacy, about discretion while blogging. urlLink Philip wrote about his divorce after reading about mine. And urlLink Shawn 's friend urlLink Jen wrote about my relationship with him, and how she perceives it based on what we've written in our blogs. I don't really know what to say. The internet is such a weird and sometimes-wonderful place. Some of the things that were said make me ache - and others, I don't know. I just don't know. Tonight, though, I felt very much like a little girl in love (or not-so-little). The party was a lot of fun - many many people I didn't know, and a few I did. urlLink Kevin was leaving as we arrived, so I got to officially meet him for half a second. I came in nearly last in the Oscar pool (damned going with my heart), got a little choked up during Eugene Levy & Catharine O'Hara's performance, and remembered (again and again) why I only have eyes for urlLink him . He held my hand as we walked home in the rain, and my heart was caught up in another walk, another rain, another time lost in conversation and silence, in the pressure of one hand against another. Will it always be this vivid? Finally finished Susan Minot's urlLink Evening , which I've been meaning to get around to since I picked it up in proofs in 1999. There were parts that were ehh, especially at the beginning, which put me off because I had so looked forward to this book. But some parts just got under my skin in the same way urlLink Galatea 2.2 did this summer. I may have to post an excerpt at some point. But now it's after midnight and I have to work in eight hours - but I'm not tired. I suppose I should make an attempt at sleep - somehow insomnia's not as much fun without a late night enabler on the phone or lying next to you.

 Enough, enough, but bear with me for two more links: urlLink Sad about a proposed koala cull. I know they're pests and disease-ridden and maybe the Aussie equivalent of raccoons, but still sad. Big ups to the urlLink Ninth Letter on their urlLink splash debut . It looks really, really good. I'm looking forward to the special Rick Powers section this summer.

 What I could or should be doing: Vacuuming my apartment Taking a shower Putting the spare couch cushion away Working on my urlLink GSLIS application Anything productive What I am doing: sitting on the couch in my underwear, surfing the Interweb. That's what the Interweb is for, right? No, seriously. Actually I'm kind of killing time. sMother is on her way but won't arrive for another half hour at least - when she gets in we'll probably have to head right to dinner. No point in trying to connect with urlLink the boy cos it would only be for a few minutes. Instead I'm connecting with the whole world while in my underwear . How great is that?

 I always feel weird when I haven't blogged in a few days - like so much should've happened, even though that's rarely the case. I started at urlLink Aroma on Wednesday - I think I'm going to like it a lot, time commitment notwithstanding. Free coffee and food while I'm working, and a discount when I'm not - a good deal to me! The people I worked with seemed pretty cool, and all the stuff from the days at urlLink Barnes & Noble are coming back (except the knock box is sooo much better than the one at urlLink the bookstore which ate Augie's wedding ring). I did have to "steam" water, but that's to be expected. Yesterday was fine. Weird tension at work all day - people being really bitchy, but I managed to tune most of that out. I went to the dermatologist on my lunch break and got some stuff to help with my skin - let's hope it works, it certainly cost enough. Ran home after work and took a quick shower, then met urlLink Shawn at urlLink Moonstruck for a while. Dinner with the kids at Cafe Luna, which was freaking great. If you're looking for a place to take a date you'd like to impress, go to Cafe Luna. The food was wonderful and looked amazing - "a perfect blend of form and function," according to urlLink Hannah . You're definitely paying for quality rather than quantity, though, so next time I think we'll try a bunch of things from the tapas menu rather than getting entrees. Either way, tasty. Back to my place for a while - it was freaking hot, and I blame the cats - then I crashed early. sMother and Coo are coming tonight - I think we're having dinner at urlLink Biaggi's with Mark and maybe urlLink Melissa . Tomorrow I'm hoping the weather will hold so we can have lunch downtown - maybe at urlLink Cowboy Monkey . I'm half looking forward to Coo's inane questions about why young people live in old houses and wondering if he'll talk urlLink Shawn 's ear off about Legos. My parents really hoped that things would work out with my marriage, and I'm wondering if me being with urlLink Shawn is weird for them. I know they'll love him, but it's just a weird first step. I love him and want my family to know how important he is to me - but I don't want to make them (or him) uncomfortable either. I'm still feeling out how much to include him in family things - fortunately it's not as much of an issue with my family a couple of hours away - it's just one of those things, you know? Anyway, I'm off to lunch. Time to enjoy a few minutes of fresh air. I think I'll have a sandwich with fresh mozzarella and tomato - yum.

 What a freaking gorgeous day! Let's set aside the fact that having a day off mid-week is a total waste of vacation time unless you're doing something special - which I'm not - but beyond that, what could be wrong with this day? It's sunny and breezy and just the right temperature, halfway between warm and cool. It feels like the perfect day to play hooky, to sit in the park with a cup of coffee and a book (which I intend to do later) or a friend. The only things that would improve this day would be someone to sit with and not having to work tonight. Unfortunately I do have to work tonight, but only for a few hours, and I do not have anyone to sit with today, as my friends are all in school. So what am I doing with my day of leisure? I spent the night at urlLink Shawn 's after urlLink 24 watching and a Chinese buffet dinner. We were both a lot tired and a little delirious, and I was definitely bleary-eyed when I woke up this morning and drove him to school before coming home. Returned a few phone calls, made a doctor's appointment ( NO , urlLink Jen , it's not what you think), then ran to the post office and over to Mark's to pick up my Easter present from sMother - kitty charms for my bracelet, and more purloined hotel toiletries from urlLink L'Occitane . Yay for that. And the rest of the day? It's almost 1 - I think I'll probably putter around here for a little bit in preparation for sMother's visit this weekend - now that David doesn't need to show my place, I haven't been stressing things like putting away laundry or picking up dishes - then grab coffee and/or food somewhere and find a place to sit outside and read - the park, the quad, etc. I'm almost done with urlLink Balthazar and am trying to decide if I want to start urlLink Mountolive directly or take a break with urlLink Tropic of Cancer , which has been on the to-read list for quite some time. I'm already thinking longingly of the many weekends past when urlLink the boy and I would wake up together and read in bed (or on the couch or on the porch or in a coffeeshop) for half the day. I know I make it sound like I'm going to be working every waking minute of my weekends and that's not the case - but exaggeration is fun, and I'm going to miss the extended leisure that has characterized the last six months.

 What a craptastical day. I woke up in tears, slept in late, and had a busy morning. On lunch I found out that my mom's coming down for the weekend, and I'm working Saturday. Seriously questioning this second job business. I know once I'm into it things'll be fine - and, as Jen reminded me, I can always quit - but for now I'm blah-ish towards the whole idea. My part-time girl called in sick - must be nice to just call in - so I was sooo busy and my drawer was sooo off. They didn't make a big deal out of it - weird - but then one of the supervisors worked out of my drawer while I was on lunch, so making a big deal would, I guess, implicate her as well. At least I was over instead of under. I walked out the door at 5:02, then decided it would be a good idea to try on clothes? Spent a while at urlLink Target trying on swimsuits and spring clothes - lots of cute things, but not for me. I came home with some work-appropriate shirts and a cute nightgown thing. I meant to go to urlLink Kopi for dinner, but ended up wanting urlLink Subway , and got coffee at urlLink Verde . I stopped by urlLink Shawn 's with chai and random treats, then headed home, finding myself suddenly v. nauseous. Not sure what's up with that, but my drink and my sandwich are in the fridge and I'm going to bed on a tumbly stomach. That is, once I clean all this junk off my bed.

 I'm feeling cut off from something tonight, and I can't quite lay my finger on it. I feel like change is coming - for me or for others, I'm not sure. I just feel weird. Some days I feel all empowered and strong and independent - and then there are other days when I feel so weak and small and alone. And I know most of the time these things will pass - I'll get up in the morning and make my coffee and catch the bus - I'll work all day, then come home, clean up, surf around, crash - I'll be OK and the routines of the day will get me by until I feel better. And I don't mean to sound whiney and I know I have so very much and I know I have a brilliant and hot and wonderful boy who loves me dearly - it's just that right now I'm really lonely.

 A few comments on the movies we watched last night - we may be the only people that have ever had sex while watching urlLink The Bostonians , not out of titilation but sheer boredom. Believe me, there's nothing titilating about this one. urlLink Shawn felt the need to watch this one because he's writing a proposal about it for the Henry James class - I was just mainly glad that I never had to read much James. Thanks, Christopher Reeve, for a relatively blase movie-watching experience. And so you know, I had a hard time coming up with ways to describe the movie without using double entendres related to the "fun" during the movie - such as the "wooden performances" or that I was just "along for the ride," as it were. OK, maybe that's amusing just to me. urlLink Incubus was an entirely different story. It's the only film ever made entirely in urlLink Esperanto - a 1960's cult classic. The story goes that it was so terrible (or maybe such a terrible idea) that all the copies were destroyed - or so people thought until 30 years later when a copy surfaced in Paris. This movie was beyond reterrible, though still better than urlLink Dreamcatcher . My main question is - if you want to make a movie to popularize a made up language - to make it more accessible, say - why pick such a terrible script? Wouldn't you opt for drama or comedy or something with realistic conversations? I suppose if you only want to attract devotees of the occult, this would be a good choice - but even then it's suspect. I, however, was won over to urlLink Esperanto and plan on learning it this summer - you apparently can take courses on the Interweb. How great would that be? That might be the most useless and random skill ever - and I'm all about random. Oh, and by the way the movie has nothing to do with urlLink When Incubus Attacks or urlLink A Visit from the Incubus , both of which look hella random. :) Breakfast this morning with urlLink Hannah at the Original Pancake House - the food was terrific, and it was nice to just chill. urlLink Shawn dropped me off at home a little while ago. I've paid the bills, and in a little bit I'm going to head out to the bank and the laundromat. Last weekend's gorgeous weather seems to have reverted to cold and blek, and I just want to curl up and do nothing. I suppose that's a totally viable option, but I hate feeling completely lazy when everyone else is hard at work - and better to do the running about now than during the week.

 Apparently urlLink Shawn 's computer thought it would be a good idea to restart, so I lost my blog post. Arr. A nice quiet couple of days. Thursday night urlLink Shawn called me after his long day, and we went to urlLink Perkins for late-night randomness, including a salad-in-bread (Elijah's dream) for me and pancakes AND a burger for urlLink Shawn (wow). It was what I needed, though - just to get out of the house and be with someone I love and spend time doing nothing. Yesterday I just couldn't wake up, even though I had stuff to do before work. Oh well. My interview at urlLink Health Alliance went well, I think. They're supposed to get back to me in the next 7-10 days about a second interview - not sure which department, but it'll be back-office financial stuff, or customer service. The position would start at $2 more per hour than I'm making now - a good, good thing. I'll be sad to leave my friends and cool customers, but I just can't do this job much longer. My friend Penny loves it - but I feel like each day there sucks out a little bit more of my soul. My only real concern is that I still owe $250 or so on my clothing purchase account - but I'll figure it out. urlLink Shawn stopped in to see me in the afternoon, which was really nice and left me with a warm smile on my face for the duration of my work day. Lots of randomness as is par for the course - Diana accused Binh of not being Asian, then was offended by what she said, then was offended because he wasn't offended. I don't know how these convos start, but there you go. Binh's Asian, Diana felt chastised, and I got to go home at 4:30, which rocked. Took a long hot shower, then wandered over to urlLink Shawn 's and sat on the porch with him for a while. We made dinner and watched urlLink Spirited Away , which was crazy and really pretty. I passed out around 10:30, and urlLink Shawn stayed up later, playing with the urlLink book club page , which is now v. pretty and redesigned. Slept in this morning, still fighting off a wicked bad headache from Friday afternoon, then had coffee and rearranged urlLink Shawn 's massive CD collection, which took 2+ hours and left me with very stiff joints from sitting cross-legged and half-dressed on the floor. I've done the rearranging for so many people - it's one of the few organizational tasks that I really enjoy. Made me think of putting away all of urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah 's CDs the weekend they moved, listening to urlLink Tea Party VERY loudly while urlLink Sarah and Lucky packed in the other room. I was such an emotional mess, but the routine of matching discs to their cases helped me keep straight for a bit. I finished urlLink Shopgirl , which was wonderful. I highly recommend it - you should also check out urlLink Shawn 's urlLink review on the urlLink book club page . I had this super great blog entry all done, and then the computer decided to say no. Oh well. Not sure the plans for the rest of the weekend - probably nice and quiet, then breakfast with urlLink Hannah in the morning. Oh, and urlLink Aroma called and offered me the job, which I took. I start on Wednesday. Not sure how that will work out with a full time job too, but I'll figure it out. I have a history of getting really stressed working two jobs, but I think I can tell when it's getting to be too much. And yes, I did call Friar Tuck. I was v polite and thanked them for having me in, and the manager said it was a pleasure. So if you're looking for a part time job and can lift 50 pounds over your head, you should apply there. Talk to Sam - he was v. nice. urlLink Shawn is now sitting on my back, which I think means he needs his computer, so I will turn it over to him. Have a nice weekend!

 It's cold and grey, and I'm tired and lonely. I've spent the day, on and off, putting the rest of the archives online, trolling through a year-or-so worth of highs and lows, enough for a lifetime. Odd to read my guarded prose now - and to wonder if things would've been easier if I'd just said what I was feeling, what I desperately needed and wanted to say. Would the story be different? Odd to think that a year ago I was stressing over a job decision and praying for a house. So much has changed. And I think the weight of those two years, plus a generally blah day, have really gotten me down. I don't want to be in this apartment alone right now - but there's no one home at the kids' or urlLink Shawn 's, and I don't feel like eating alone either, or I'd just go somewhere. So I think I'm going to take a bath and wait by my phone and hope I snap out of it. The latest: urlLink Shawn 's taking my apartment, which will mean our moving is ridiculous but somewhat easier as the deadlines won't be as firm and we can leave things behind. The interview at urlLink Aroma was last night. No word back, but they said they would call today or tomorrow. Meat night dinner was tasty, if sparsely attended. urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah were at a show, and Mark was busy. urlLink Shawn and urlLink Melissa and I had chicken with potatoes and peas in a coconut-curry sauce - a little salty, but damned tasty. I have an interview at urlLink Health Alliance tomorrow. urlLink This review of urlLink Kill Bill V2 almost makes me want to go see it again.

 Ha! I have a urlLink Gmail account . Cos I'm the coolest.

 I'm feeling not-myself tonight, and I'm not entirely sure why. Yesterday was a gorgeous day of independence and doing things for myself and I guess I'm not used to that feeling - it's a little unsettling. I think yesterday was one of the first days when I really felt OK with being by myself. I did things here, I went to dinner, I read, I had coffee, I walked, and I went to bed when it was time. Just small things that add up to a strange confidence that I'm not used to. I'm featured in urlLink this month 's urlLink Day 17 . Pretty thrilled about that in a quiet way. urlLink 24 was pretty great tonight. I picked urlLink Shawn and urlLink Hannah up from the Union, dropped urlLink Hannah off at home, then went back to urlLink Shawn 's with some Taco Bell for dinner. Too bad they decided that I wanted meat instead of beans, instead of the other way around. Just chilled and watched tv while urlLink Shawn graded. I got urlLink Stitch'n Bitch in the mail yesterday and had fun reading it tonight - there are so many things I want to make! Came home a little while ago, and am now trying to convince my body that I need sleep. My circadian cycles have been weird lately - my friend Liz and her husband have got their sleep down to a science, so maybe I need to take a cue from them. Either way I should be off.

 When it rains it....well, fuck. I haven't called Friar Tuck's back. FT, by the way, is a giant liquor store. The consensus seems to be either take the job and then quit when something better comes along, or hedge appropriately and give it a few days. In the meantime, however, I've gotten two phone calls. This is a red-letter day already, as I usually get about six phone calls in an entire week. Anyway, two phone calls. Both about jobs. Call #1 was at 10:45, right before I went to lunch - Michael from urlLink Aroma calling to schedule an interview for tomorrow night. Wednesday, 7pm, be there or be square. Call #2 was at 2:15 (but I just got the message) - Leslie from urlLink Health Alliance at urlLink Carle Clinic calling to schedule an interview for a CSR position that I forgot I applied for. I just left a message for her. Two bites in one day, plus the randomness that was the Fastest Interview Ever. Good times. Things are looking up!

 OK, so I was offered the job at Friar Tuck. In under 10 minutes. Like, I got out of my car at 5:19, and was back in my car at 5:28. Good sign? Bad sign? To me it reeks of desperation - "oh, you have a pulse and can lift 50 pounds? you're hired!" - but then what do I know. I was asked few if any of the usual questions - why do you want to work here - what's your work experience like - tell me what you liked/didn't like about X job - literally within four minutes of me sitting down, he had offered me the job. So yay, good for me, right? I told him I wanted to think about it - told him about my concerns with my car - and he said I should call him back by this morning and let him know. But do I really want this job? There are some pluses - great discount on liquor, decent hours - and some minuses, namely that I'm not sure I want to work there in the first place, and I don't want to have to rely on my unreliable car. Besides, I'm a little weirded out by the speed of this whole process. AND then last night I got an email from urlLink Aroma saying they would get ahold of me this week to set up an interview. And I'd so much rather work at urlLink Aroma - it's closer to home, I really like it there, it's more the sort of job I'm looking for, I wouldn't have to go out and buy more clothes. So do I take the job? Do I take the job and quit if urlLink Aroma offers me a job as well? Do I turn the job down cos I feel downright weird about all this? Do I just get my head out of my arse? Discuss.

 Most days I live very much in the here-and-now. I live day to day - personally and financially. I make tentative plans for the future, but that's it. It's easy to forget that I had a life before this one, that I was a different person. And then I do something like go through my old emails and I read things that are so painful and so true - and I remember. Or I find myself stressing the long-term, wondering what will happen in a year or two or five - if I'll still be here, if I'll still be with urlLink Shawn - a hundred what ifs. And it's easy to get consumed by those things - and then I remember that my five year plan a year ago was entirely different. Things change - lives change - and it's enough to keep your head above water most of the time, or so I've found. I can't change who I was. And I can't worry about who I will become. All I can do is care for the here-and-now. And the here-and-now is pretty damned gorgeous.

 Dear Lord, Please make me independently wealthy so I only have to work when I want to. On a more realistic note, please give me a lifetime of weekends like this - food and sleep and sex and reading and sun and cool and love. That's more important than the independent wealth, though that'd be nice too. Love, E

 What a freaking lovely weekend. Friday was the same-old same-old - work, then a brief meeting in which we were all told to basically forget about having any days off in August. Boo. I went straight to urlLink Shawn 's after work - he was sleeping off a bout of bad snacking. Spent the evening in, watching movies and generally curling up. urlLink Sherlock: A Case of Evil was generally reterrible and featured Vince D'Onofrio as Moriarty, NOT as Holmes himself, as urlLink IMDB had advertised. Lame. Did you know that Sherlock was hooked on heroin thanks to Moriarty, and that he routinely got it on with multiple gorgeous girls? Hmm, news to me. Oh, and Mycroft (I think) totally stole Watson's one joke. Maybe I wouldn't be so indignant had I not read all the Holmes stories a couple of times. We also watched urlLink Quills , which I've wanted to see for a while. It was good - very good, though not something I can really see myself watching repeatedly. Geoffrey Rush was brilliant - he seems to be able to pull off the tortured genius bit better than just about anyone else in Hollywood. Saturday we stayed in bed until late, then sat around on the porch for a while. We were a bit taken aback to make a new "friend" - a woman named Lisa stopped on her bike in front of the house, then came up on the porch and talked to us for a long time. It's hard to find the happy medium between being rude and being nice when you are really taken aback and/or don't want interruption. She eventually left, after I hedged a lot about where I lived and whether or not she could come visit me. Umm, no and no. Shortly thereafter, a carful of guys drove by and yelled "HIPPIE POWER" at me. This is an odd, odd town. We walked downtown in hopes of getting lunch at urlLink the Cowboy Monkey - it was a gorgeous afternoon, just the sort of day for eating outside. Too bad everyone in Champaign, even the ones not attending the urlLink Boneyard Arts Festival thought the same. Apparently urlLink Cowboy Monkey hadn't planned accordingly, and ran out of food, as did a couple of other places. We ended up at urlLink Aroma - always a good time. I had the Turkey Jerk Wrap - not as spicy as I expected - and a mojito. Hooray for spring/summertime. Walked back to urlLink Shawn 's and chilled in bed for a while until early evening - mmm - and then went flip-flop shopping and to see urlLink Kill Bill V2 , which was much better than I expected. The urlLink first volume was a non-stop bloodbath which, while aesthetically really nice in parts, had some serious continuity issues. urlLink Volume two was hokey at times, but felt like a much tighter film - oh, and Uma only kills one person this time around. We stopped at the diner for pie and coffee (which ended up being coffee and breakfast), and then turned in after some reading. As urlLink Shawn mentioned, yesterday just kind of flowed into today. Both days have been characterized by the sort of torpor that sets in when it's gorgeous out and you don't feel like working. I finished urlLink Down and Out in Paris and London , then dragged myself off the couch around 3 as urlLink Shawn was hard at work. Did some shopping, then came home and made iced tea, and right now am curled up in a chair by one of my bedroom windows enjoying the fresh air. I bet if I tried I could access my network from outside, but this is almost as good. I will miss the view of the park when I move, but urlLink Shawn 's front porch can hardly be beat (well, except for the random crazies). In a little bit I'm going to try and plan my meals for the week, maybe blog on the urlLink book club page, get some stuff done around here, then head back over to urlLink Shawn 's for the belated urlLink 24 . I'm definitely taking urlLink Shawn 's apartment, despite my reservations about the fridge and the lack o' tub. I'm sure if I looked I could've found a place more to my specifications, but it's such a wearying and thankless thing to do that it hardly seems worth the effort. When I moved here urlLink Sarah did all the legwork, and for that I'm supremely grateful. I looked at a few places online, but every place in which I expressed interested ended up being way too expensive ($875 for a one bedroom above Boltini?!?!) or didn't allow cats. So yeah, I'm lazy, and next winter when I don't have a tub I'll be sad, but in many other ways it will be a good place for me. Besides, I really like living close to downtown. I won't be as close, but I also won't be in weirdo Urbana or in a complex. My mom and brother might be coming down next weekend, which would be nice. I haven't seen them since Christmas, and don't anticipate getting back to Rockford until summertime - I need to fix my car first, and I won't have the money for that for a couple more weeks - and I'm sure I'll want to stick around here in May to spend time with urlLink Shawn before he leaves for the Academy. Besides, my parents haven't been down here since September, a couple of weeks before I moved - I'm glad they'll get to see my apartment and such before I move again. I have an interview at Friar Tuck tomorrow. I really don't want a second job, but I do need the money. I'm hoping that urlLink Aroma or urlLink Kopi call me back first, though, cos it'd be nice to work closer to home. The not-using-my-car bit would be a total waste if I still have to drive to work, PLUS drive out to Savoy a couple of times a week. We'll see. I hope your weekend was every bit as lovely as mine. Let me tell you - it's hard to keep from being totally lost in love on days such as these.

 Good times: urlLink kitten emergency!! and urlLink baco-vegetarianism on urlLink Diesel Sweeties this week. Dinner last night was good - just urlLink Hannah , Sara, urlLink Shawn , and me. We had brats and salads and my homemade guacamole which, while not as amazing as the stuff at Taco Loco, was damned tasty. Got home around 11 feeling really icky - stupid cramps - and went to bed pretty early. Today is supposed to be incredibly gorgeous, but I will be stuck at work until at least 6 as we have a meeting after we close. Blah. Hopefully the nice weather will be an impetus to get the hell out of there.

 A quiet and boring day at work, following a pretty nice night at home. I drove by urlLink Shawn 's on my way to the grocery, stopped to give him a kiss, and ended up taking him along with me on a massive cart-filling trip to Meijer. Lots of good finds, including half-priced hella tasty ice cream, plus "stuff" for coffee that will end up costing me $1.69 after the mail-in rebate. I LOVE rebates on alcohol. Dinner was super fab - the kids came over around 7:30, and I still had no idea what I was making. I made a killer urlLink salsa-y salad with mango and avocado and cilantro (and other things), and then stir-fried shrimp and bell peppers with cilantro and this super tasty lime basil vinaigrette. It was wonderful. urlLink Sarah brought cake, which sent us all into sugar shock. I had a bit of a cake hangover still this morning. urlLink Shawn spent the night - we watched the odd urlLink Damien performance on Letterman - I love love love urlLink Damien and the song he (and Lisa and Vyvienne) performed, but it was an odd choice for such a brief segment. I would've loved to hear Volcano or Cannonball or Face. Cleaned the apartment a bit last night in preparation for the showing this morning - I'm going to be very sad to leave this place, even though I know I can't afford it for another year - and was glad I did so, as it allowed me to make all the right excuses to stay in bed late this morning. It's so hard to drag myself out of bed when urlLink he 's here and it's warm and breezy and sunny and snuggly. The 9-5 paycheck is nice, but sometimes I long for a later morning or the odd day off. Work today wasn't even worth mentioning, except that I drove home on lunch and took the bus back, thus affording me a little time outside in the sunshine. Stopped at urlLink Kopi and urlLink Aroma on the way home to fill out applications, then cut through the park - and got a call about a job interview at Friar Tuck on Monday. Yay! I'd rather work at one of the coffeeshops closer to home, but damn, a discount on liquor would be nice too. :) Now I'm just unwinding for a bit, then I'm going to head over to the kids' to prep the grill and have some tasty brats for dinner. Not sure who all will be in attendance, but it will be nice to hang out somewhere other than my apartment for a change. I love love love it here, but sometimes it's oppressive being home all the time. Not that I am - just, you know.

 My bed was far too soft and warm this morning for my own good. I justified sleeping in by the fact that I have to go to the grocery store tonight after work - therefore it would be practical for me to drive. Right? Really I just wanted to snuggle for another hour, which I did. My apartment's a mess, I haven't figured out what I'm cooking, and I'm all out of whack because my period's really early. Better early than late, and better early than missed, though. A few nibbles yesterday on the (part time) job apps I've been sending out - two dead ends on apartments - and still no word on the non-degree application. Things will fall into line eventually, right?

 It's always funny how a night on the couch doing literally nothing will cheer me up. The things that made today so goddamned shitty aren't going to go away anytime soon. It's out of my hands, and I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not. I just - I can't worry about it too much. No good TV tonight - urlLink 24 moved to Sunday, though we did get to watch the prez be extremely uncomfortable and irritated. I had an all-cake dinner, and urlLink Shawn drew a heart on my hand. It's well after midnight and I really need to be in bed, but I'm not tired (as usual, these days). I have a number of urlLink books to blog about , and maybe I'll get to some of that tomorrow. Tonight - sleep, and love, and ignoring the real world for a bit.

 I hate this day.

 After a few weeks of gorgeous, the fall weather has returned. It's chilly, and this morning I had to turn on my heat so I could even think about walking around in a bath towel. To think that I was wearing shorts on Friday! Ah well, spring will come 'round again soon enough. It's been nice though - this weekend was a bit cooler than it has been, just the right temperature for snuggling down in bed with the blankets pulled up and a cup of coffee and reading - which urlLink Shawn and I did a lot of. Last night started off kind of blah - they were bitchy about letting us go early, and I'm glad I didn't have to take the bus cos I would've missed it. Somehow it doesn't matter if they want to leave early, but if I'm running out the door cos I have somewhere to be, well, too bad. Need a new job need a new job need a new job. I've been looking and applying, but no bites yet. Anyway, I was in a lousy mood when I got home, so urlLink Shawn met me at urlLink Kopi for a while. We were there about two hours, and somehow that was enough to really lift my spirits. One of urlLink Shawn 's fellow grads was there and teased us about just bringing our books as an excuse to sit at a table together - it sort of is, but we did sit there and read and do the crossword puzzle and write letters. Being together doesn't always mean leaning on the table and staring into each other's eyes. I got home around 10, did some dishes, and baked a urlLink blueberry crumb cake , the recipe for which I have been drooling over for a couple of weeks. It is light and airy and soo tasty. :) Bummed around online for a while, talked to a few people, then took a bath and crashed with Gambit, who was v nice and slept on my side for a couple of hours. I'm rereading urlLink The Broke Diaries and feeling a little bit better about my own brokedness. Sure, I only have $6-and-change to last me until I get paid on Thursday, but I do have a job that pays me enough to pay my bills, food in my kitchen, and gas in my car. I'm not up to my eyes in debt. I did have a fun broke moment last night - I cleaned out my fridge and rearranged it so it looked really empty. For some reason that really amused me. I'm broke, but I won't always be. I was thinking back to past financial periods and wondering how in the world I was always broke when I was living with my ex - I was making almost twice as much as I make now - PLUS his income - and yet we were still broke every week. We were paying less in rent than I pay now - our utilities were comparable, with the exception of the phone (MUCH cheaper now). I go out more now - maybe the difference is that I'm only paying for me, or only paying half the time? Or maybe I'm just used to this income level and while it's a struggle and I need help somewhat regularly, I'm not digging myself out of as much of a hole as before. That is a BIG consolation.

 Somebody else's life. That's what I want, isn't it? I want somebody else's life. In somebody else's life I am a wife and mother. In somebody else's life I am a nomad. In somebody else's life I'm a student. In somebody else's life I live in the city. I want all of these things - a partner, a shared life, adventures, education, a career, a cosmopolitan lifestyle. And I know that in time I will find a balance between what I want and what I can have in all areas of my life - work, home, relationships, money, lifestyle, ice cream. Sometimes it just takes realizing that it's OK to want these things to bring me back around.

 I so didn't get the bus this morning, mainly because I couldn't drag myself out of bed until almost 8 - when I need to be on my way out the door. So I'm taking my car again. Maybe tomorrow. Oh, and urlLink The Grey Album by DJ Dangermouse might be one of the most creative and brilliant things I've heard in a long time. And urlLink this site , when they have their bandwidth problems solved, is freaking brilliant. Bookmark it and come back later - it's urlLink The Lord of the Peeps !!

 And then I have these nights when I come home and I just don't want to go to bed. I'm physically tired, but somehow crawling into bed just isn't what I want. Granted I've been spending a lot of time in bed the last couple of weekends - reading, playing online, sleeping - if I'm going to be indoors on a gorgeous day, I'd rather be in my bedroom where I can still soak up the sunlight and watch the kids playing in the park - and 'in the bedroom' equals in my bed. So when midnight comes and my body's tired, I just don't want to be here. And maybe it's not so much that I don't want to be in bed as it is that I don't want to go to bed alone. If he's here or I'm there, I have no problem going right to sleep, even if the lights are on and he's still up. I curl up next to him, and I go right to sleep. But when I'm alone bed is less appealing. And I know sleeping next to him all the time just isn't an option, but it's a luxury I really, really enjoy. urlLink Jen and I talked about this today - how nice it is to just sleep next to a boy you really care about. Do you ever feel like you're living in a movie or a novel? Or like your past is something out of a work of fiction? I have moments like that - certain places and times will trigger it. I went to Osco after I left urlLink Shawn 's and passed a street sign that reminded me of the first weekend I spent here with him. I came into town a different way than before, and was heading to his house in a different direction than the last time. I drove around for maybe 15 minutes on the same four or five blocks, unable to find the entrance to his alley, only to discover that I was on the wrong side of the street. I called him - "What's the nearest cross-street?" He told me. "Do you want to know how smart that girl you're in love with is? I've been driving around for like 20 minutes trying to find your house on the wrong side of the street." And then I found him and I walked up to his door in my lemon dress with my bag and his apartment was clean and smelled like cinnamon and he kissed me so hard. And when I drive to Osco or down Kirby past Jarling's or walk by Babbitt's or so many places these memories flash into my mind as clear as if I were watching them on the TV screen. I wonder if other people's memories work like that - and then I'm seized with the need to remember them just as they were, to write it down, to capture it somewhere so that I can't or won't forget. Do you feel like that?

 Massive redesign effort today, as you may have noticed. I thought about changing a few things, and that turned into everything, and I've been sitting on my bum for two hours working on this. Thanks to urlLink Martijn ten Napel for the fun new template. :) Oh, and you strictly urlLink LJ users , please don't be offended that you're out of the links. My links are primarily for my reference, and I read all of yous on my urlLink Friends page. Hmm, I suppose I should add that to the sidebar too. Too much fun, this redesign business. I have done absolutely nothing today - and pretty much nothing all weekend. I had Friday off and spent it lounging around until mid-afternoon, when I ran (walked) some errands and headed over to urlLink Shawn 's house. We read on the porch for a while, then headed out towards Indy for the urlLink Damien -ness. Dinner at the most efficient urlLink Steak'n'Shake ever (Brownsburg, IN), then on into the city. The concert was at the urlLink Murat Egyptian Room , which was the kitschiest, most terrible venue ever. We were completely taken aback by the monstrosity of it - it looked like something that belonged in Vegas, not in the otherwise urbane downtown Indianapolis. We parked for free (though parking was (badly) advertised for what appeared to be $5.07, $75.00, $6.00, and a variety of other amounts), and walked to a little coffeeshop in what must've been the gayest neighborhood in the whole city. Granted, we were next door to a GLBT bookstore, but I was still surprised and amused. The group of gay boys in the next room invited us to play cards, but we opted to read and head on back to the venue. The concert was terrific - it would've been amazing, had the venue not been so horrible. Picture your stereotypical reception hall - bar in the middle, lots of 10-top round tables with table numbers, kitschy decor - and that's where we were. We were seated at table 103, allllll the way in the back, which meant that the vision lines were nearly zero. Blah. Add to that the fact that people couldn't just get up ONCE - they had to get up repeatedly to buy a beer, answer their phone, go to the bathroom, or wander around - and you start to see the frustrations of the evening. Plus there must've been some sort of radio promotion or giveaway because I'd say at least half the audience was under 18 - and most had no knowledge of urlLink Damien 's music, which is always frustrating for me. ANYWAY. urlLink The Frames opened and were really great - I'd heard of them but hadn't heard any of their music. urlLink Shawn picked up urlLink Set List , their live album, which I've been enjoying. They had a nice acoustic rocky sort of sound - a good complement to urlLink Damien . You should check them out. A brief intermission - I must say that while the venue itself was a general clusterfuck, the bathroom line did move efficiently - and then urlLink Damien . You may recall my enthusiasm after the urlLink last Damien show - it totally blew my mind, so intimate, so wonderful. This show was musically just as good, but lacked the intimacy and familiarity. urlLink Damien didn't talk at all for the first eight songs - he warmed to the audience after that, but it was still weird. I cried, I laughed, I sang along - he played "Face" and I beamed back at urlLink Shawn . The concert itself was really wonderful - it was just everything around it that sucked. I wish I could go see him in Chicago later this month, but it's just not in the cards. We got home around 2 and crashed right away. Yesterday was reading in bed until early afternoon, when urlLink Shawn went home and urlLink Mary J came over - she was in town for the Prince concert at Assembly Hall. We walked from my place to urlLink Kopi and had lunch, then wandered around downtown a bit. It was so nice to see her - I haven't seen her (or any of my Rockford friends, save urlLink Joe ) since Christmas. We talked about a lot of things - friends, politics, boys, life - it was just really nice. It's oddly isolating having only friends that are a part of a larger group - I love my friends, but once in a while it's nice to spend time with someone from back home, you know? She left around 5, I took a bath, and urlLink Shawn came back over. Dinner here, then we walked to the urlLink Art Theater to see urlLink Elephant , which was spare and well-shot, but without any sort of definite point other than that these things can happen. Came home, then watched urlLink From Hell , which I've been wanting to see. Johnny Depp was insanely hot, but the movie, while clever, was a bit of a let-down. urlLink Shawn has the urlLink graphic novel , which I'm curious to read. Today? It's 4:15 and I'm still in bed, after getting up to make coffee, deal with my codependent cats, and fix the leak under my sink (as best I could). I talked to urlLink Jen for a little while this afternoon after urlLink Shawn went home. Later I need to go to the grocery store and get some food for the week, then I'll probably end up at urlLink Shawn 's for urlLink Law & Order and the probably-terrible tv movie about 9/11. A nice, quiet, irresponsible weekend. I'm looking forward to more of the same as summer draws near.

 Tonight we saw urlLink Damien and urlLink The Frames in urlLink the worst venue I can imagine . More in the morning, but click on that link and scroll down to the Egyptian room. We were in the back. And yes, sitting at the tables was mandatory. The horror!

 urlLink Gypsy and I are sitting on the couch watching urlLink  la folie... pas du tout . I'm pretending it's artsy because it has subtitles - really it's just a French-y chick flick with urlLink Audrey Tautou of urlLink Amlie fame. A good way to waste a Friday afternoon. It's been a nice, fairly quiet week. I'm less neurotic about the bus, and more neurotic about my car. The seder dinner was wonderful Wednesday night - lots of wine and laughter and food. I think the last time I participated in a seder was at First Covenant when I was in grade school. Everything was super tasty, and I enjoyed the ceremony. The chicken didn't - or wouldn't cook through - which was sad because it smelled soooo tasty. urlLink Hannah really outdid herself this time. :) urlLink Shawn and I left around 10 - he had a prospective grad staying with him. We went to Mike & Molly's for a while and hung out with Oday. Morning came way too early yesterday - I was hung over and hadn't slept well. I dragged myself out of bed and ran across the park to catch the bus - the crossing guard seemed amused. :) I got to campus early, and hung out at urlLink Moonstruck for a while before my 8:15am meeting. When I bought my coffee and scone, I mentioned to the girl that I was hung over - after I sat down, she brought me a bottle of water, saying I should be drinking water if I was hung over. My hero! I got to the meeting at 8:15, only to discover that it started at 8. Whoops. I retrieved my car from Sarah's on my lunch break, and met urlLink Shawn at urlLink Moonstruck . We were supposed to go to the MFA reading, but ended up staying in, playing with the cats, and reading. I started urlLink Little Miss Strange . Tonight we go to see urlLink Damien in Indianapolis, which will be fun. Tomorrow urlLink Mary will be in town. And Sunday is Easter. It's strange that it's Good Friday and I'm not getting ready for a party. It's strange that it's Easter weekend and I'm not spending it with urlLink Amanda . It's strange that I won't have brunch with my family on Sunday. It's fine, just strange. When I think of who I was last year - and who I am now - it's incredible. OK, let me revise my position on urlLink  la folie... pas du tout . Not a chick flick - it starts out that way, but it's mainly just odd. In other news, apparently urlLink eyeball jewelry is the new trend? Not for me. Have a great Easter weekend, kids.

 This will sound completely retarded to those that have lived here forever, but today I did two things I was a little afraid of. OK, maybe not afraid - maybe intimidated by? Today I got up early and walked to work - it took me half an hour and I was pretty warm by the time I arrived - and caught the bus home. Since I'm not a student I don't get a free bus pass - but at about a dollar a day, I think I can afford to take the bus for a while until I can afford to fix my car. I was out the door of work just after 5, on the bus at 5:05, and home at 5:20. Not bad. It's not a big deal, really, just another hurdle for me. The bigger challenge will be getting up early enough to catch the bus in the morning. In a little bit I'm going to go play on the swings - I know I've been saying this for the last week, but I mean it this time! - then head to the kids' for the seder dinner. In the meantime, some great links: urlLink Donald Trump Battles a Chicken urlLink Antoine de Saint-Exupery's plane found urlLink New Faithless!!

 I'm up earlier than usual, worrying about money. What an inopportune time to have car trouble. Right now I'm trying to figure out how to, in the next 30 days, pay my rent, the deposit on a new apartment, the money I owe the fed (broken down into installments), my legal bills, my regular bills, AND fix my car. I thought the safety recalls would fix the problem but I'm thinking that some of what's covered in the 30,000 mile check up might actually do the trick. I can't think of any reason why the serpentine belts would affect my ability to accelerate - but then what do I know? No matter, I don't have the money for either right now. So I also have to figure out transportation for the next couple of weeks until I can get the money together to fix my car. I DO NOT want to ask my parents for more money - each time I do that I feel like it takes a year off my emotional and financial independence - but I know I'm going to have to do so, at least for the deposit. This is when having better credit would really help. If I had a credit card, I could put the car expenses on it, and that would be one less immediate worry. I'll be OK. I've already figured out what I'm going to do for the deposit - the "investments" have a cash reserve, and I'll transfer the money for now, and redeposit at least some of it when I get my deposit back on my apartment. That's the lame thing about leases - it takes forever to get the deposit back, when you desperately need it to put down on a new place. I just broke down my next check on paper, and I should be OK to pay my bills, pay this month's installment to the fed, and set aside money for rent. Means no urlLink Damien in Chicago, about which I'm hella bummed, but with no highway-safe car, that wasn't really an option. I'm going to look into getting a bus pass - buying the seasonal one seems expensive for what I need, so I might go week by week for a bit. Today, though, I'm going to walk - which means I really need to get up off my ass and get into the shower. The legal bills? They're going to have to wait, and I'll pay them as I can. Ahh, the adult life... On the other hand, I'm feeling better emotionally today. Last night was really nice - urlLink Shawn and I sat on his porch for a long time, had delivery Chinese, watched some tv while I read and he graded, then made a late night run to pick up the urlLink Matrix Revolutions , for which urlLink Shawn got carded. Tonight we're having the seder dinner with the kids, which will be fun as well. OK, off to the shower!

 Two separate Ben Folds memories/associations: 1. Summer of 1997. Emmi and I went on a picnic to Blackhawk park (I don't think that's the real name of it - it's the one in Oregon IL with the statue of urlLink Blackhawk overlooking the Rock River. We got baby food and bread from Mary's Market, then had a picnic by the river, hollowing out our sourdough rounds and setting them to sail like little boats. On the way home we stopped at a rest area for a while, sitting in my (parents' totally uncool) minivan with the windows rolled down, our feet out the windows, listening to urlLink Whatever and Ever Amen and drawing and writing - this was the birthplace of the Chicken Stick Faerie. It was just one of those wonderful lost days at the end of a summer that changed so much. 2. Sometime in the fall, 2003. In my apartment, in bed with urlLink Shawn , curled up naked facing the wall with him lying beside me. Music is on in the other room, and urlLink "The Luckiest" comes up. He had been describing the song to me, and now pointed it out. We listened for a bit, then I asked "Can you imagine being with someone for sixty years?" I was thinking again last night about the way music stays with me (with us), the way it affects us. urlLink Hannah blogged about this a bit the other day - the way music can be spiritual, even if it isn't religious. Moments like at the concert last night, a thousand voices vibrating in harmony, a thousand happy faces turned up towards the light and the stage - feeling a part of that is so beautiful. urlLink Damien was like that as well - at some point I looked back as the lights on the disco ball swept back over the crowd and everyone was entralled, caught up in the moment. I guess that's why I like going to shows so much - just losing myself for a little bit.

 urlLink Ben Folds was hella random. That's all I have to say about that. Oh, and the rows in the balcony of Foellinger Auditorium were NOT designed for people with long legs. And a thousand people harmonizing sounds really incredible, whether they're doing it right or not. I, on the other hand, am feeling really lame and emotional. I started crying when urlLink Ben played "The Luckiest" and couldn't stop for a long time. I feel really mixed up inside, and I don't know why that is. My day at work was shitty, and while urlLink Aleksondra's husband's opening at urlLink Aroma was cool, I felt way out of my league. I don't feel like I'd ever fit in with that crowd, even if I could get into the program. I feel a great fit of self-loathing coming on, and I'm trying to fight it off - I just don't know how. I'm trying to bite my tongue to keep from saying a whole slew of dumb things that I know aren't true that I would say just to get attention. I hate feeling like this.

 I feel kinda weird this morning, kinda unsettled. From the state of my bed it looks like I tossed and turned all night - and Marshmallow ended up on the floor. I spent a lot of time alone this weekend, and even though the weekend ended with gorgeous brunch and then spending the evening with urlLink Shawn , I still feel oddly isolated - by my life, my apartness, by busyness and responsibility. I guess I'm still coming down from the marathon closeness of break, when I was hardly ever alone, even in sleep.

 It's late-ish, and I'm awake. Maybe it's the cold, maybe it's the coffee, maybe it's just the excessive sleep from the weekend - but here I am, when I should be asleep. Ever have those moments when you question if you're really a "grown-up"? I feel like I was more of an adult before - like I was doing more "grown up" things with my life in my old life, and I'm not sure why that is. Maybe I felt like I was on a more responsible track before - getting a real job, getting married, buying a house, planning for the future, etc. All of that changed when I moved out, when I moved here. I love my life and I'm making no complaints - I feel like I'm in a more adult relationship now, despite the inherent silliness, than I was before - I feel like I'm more in charge of my life than before - but sometimes I feel like I'm just a kid and I'm playing at an adult's life, you know? Like this couldn't possibly be real - but it totally is. urlLink Shawn 's back after a weekend at home. I feel so lame missing him, but I don't know what I can do about it. I know so many people in long distance relationships - or just out of them - and it makes me feel doubly lame when I think about my friend Michelle crying at work because she misses her husband who is in Iraq and will be there for at least another nine months. I guess I'm just spoiled. He'll be gone for a month or so for the academy in June, and I'll have to learn to be less lame, I guess. Today was a decent day, all in all. I went to breakfast with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah - soooooo tasty, though I was feeling a little wonky. Came home around noon and puttered around here most of the afternoon - did my laundry, cleaned my closet, put together some stuff for the Salvation Army, watched longingly as some boys grilled out in the park. I meant to play on the swings, but never got over there. I walked over to urlLink Shawn 's later, and he forced me to watch the god-awful urlLink Dreamcatcher , which was fascinating along the same lines as a train wreck. If I hadn't fallen in love with the Dark Tower series, this movie might make me swear off Stephen King for life. Fortunately the evening was redeemed with reading, urlLink Law & Order , soup, and generally nice time spent with the boy. He brought me home an hour or so ago, and I've just been chilling (literally and figuratively) ever since. It should be a nice week - urlLink Ben Folds tomorrow, the seder dinner Wednesday, the Voice reading Thursday, then Friday off and urlLink Damien in Indy. Now, sleep.

 A much delayed interview from urlLink Heather : 1. You are on a train. Also on this train is a criminal being transported to another facility to join Death Row for the murder of a child. The train crashes and the two of you are the only survivors. He will also die if you do not help him out of the wreckage. Do you? I think the urge for self-preservation would be the strongest, but if I could save him and not kill myself, I probably would. 2. What book has changed your life or way of thinking? If none, what book would you say you relate to - that you are "most like"? urlLink Microserfs has remained with me for the last almost 10 years - I identify with something different each time I read it, and for me that's a sign of a good book. Reading urlLink The Alchemist changes me every time - it's so simple and wonderful. I identified with urlLink Little Miss Strange in a seriously big way the summer between high school and college - I haven't read it since, but it was one of those that changed a lot for me. And the entire urlLink Tom Robbins oeuvre changed the way I looked at literature and writing, because I learned from him that writing didn't have to be serious - that words could play jokes on themselves - that you could be erudite and have fun at the same time. 3. Which of these Simpsons character would you prefer to date? Homer, Marge, Moe, Mr. Smithers, Monty Burns, Barney, Ned Flanders, or Ms. Krabopple. Probably Marge, though that blue hair is disconcerting. 4. You are on a desest island/in the desert/at the end of the world - whatever. You have an unlimited supply of food and drink, but only one selection each. What would you choose to drink forever? To eat forever? Oh lord, that's a tough one. Probably a good tea, and French bread. Tea is good iced or hot, and I could eat bread forever. 5. And because I had the most fun with this from petebeck: You are Queen For One Day and have total (mortal) control over the whole world. What do you do with your day? First I would do all sorts of lovely humanitarian things like create world peace, though I know it would be tenuous, and resolve the nation's healthcare problems. I know National Health is worlds away and totally antithetical to our insurance-and-lawsuits-driven society, but I would like to do my part. Like urlLink Heather , I would give everyone a day off work with pay. Oh, and I would urlLink get rid of The Chief and ensure that my grad school friends had good healthcare and a better income. Then some fun things for me - I would establish myself with a few lovely big houses - one where I live now, another in some coastal town, and perhaps an international abode or two, as well as guarantee that I can live in these places rent/mortgage and tax free for the rest of my life. I would fill these houses with good food, good books, and all sorts of pretty things. Then I would do the same for my family and my dearest friends. In the morning I would meet with advisors from all over the world who would help me figure out my ideal job, and then in the afternoon I would make that job happen. Then I would go swimming. urlLink Jamie Oliver would cook me (and my royal consort) dinner. I'm assuming world travel is out because I only have one day, but I'd like to watch the sunset (perhaps in the above-mentioned coastal town) with a really good wine and my boy.

 I walked to the dealership this morning - three miles or so - I could've gotten a ride, but I had nothing else to do, so I walked. It was really nice - warm and sunny with a great breeze. I talked to urlLink Jen for a long time. I retrieved my car, then went to Friar Tuck's - it was a liquor wonderland! I need to win the lottery so I can go on random spending sprees. On the top of my random lottery winning spending spree list: wine - before I moved I was going to have a cellar. Now I just have two bottles on a shelf. lingerie - I'm seized with the desire to buy a lot of pretty silky lacy things. sandals - two pairs from last summer are now defunct, plus I need flip-flops. new jeans - hip huggers? Anyway, got out of there with one bottle of wine - urlLink Evolution , which has hella great packaging and was advertised as a good choice for Easter (appreciate the irony, kids) - and urlLink Skyy vodka cosmo mix . Tasty. I had big plans to play in the park, but I ended up online talking with urlLink Jen for a while, then napped for hours and hours - from 3-7. I kept stirring from sleep, thinking I should go play outside, then snuggling back down into my bed. And tonight? Ice cream and movies and a cosmo. The cats are asleep next to me. I was hoping to hear from urlLink the boy , but I probably won't until he gets home. I'm going to watch urlLink He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not (I heart Audrey Tautou) and maybe urlLink The Thomas Crown Affair (love it). Tomorrow the girls and I might go to breakfast, then I will have laundry and reading in the park. I wish I could take a photo of the view from my bed - all sunshine and green. It makes me smile so much.

 Fuck, fuck, fuck. So the problem with my car is not directly related to the service recall (though, yay, those things were fixed for free). The problems are two cracked serpentine belts @ $140 and that all the fluids in the car are filthy @ $600 (approx). Question: Do I have $750 just lying around? No. And if I did, would it be going towards the fluids in my car? No. It would be going towards the remaining court costs and the deposit for my next apartment. And the IRS. Yes, my parents loaned me money for that, but I reappropriated the funds and put them towards my court costs and part of this month's rent - more pressing needs. Bunches of things on my mind, things I want to blog about, but right now I think I'm going to get up and get out of bed and go play outside for a while.

 Lunchtime on Friday and the world should be filled with endless possibility - the weekend is just a few hours away, and the sun is shining. I'm feeling better than I was yesterday, but still not 100%. My weekend plans have changed entirely - instead of going home, I'm going to the car dealership to have my sickie car fixed. Not sure where that leaves me for other forms of entertainment, but that's my Saturday plan. I think this'll be the first weekend in six months that I've been here without urlLink Shawn . We were both gone over Christmas, and he came back early over Thanksgiving - I think the last time was when he went to his parents' in October and urlLink Sarah and I had the original meat night, complete with crazy bread and four bottles of wine and other treats. I know it's crazy to say I'll miss him when it's only going to be two days - less than that, probably, cos I saw him this morning - but I will. I'm used to waking up next to him on Saturday morning with the entire weekend stretched out in front of us - sleep and sex and food and books and adventures and such. But a weekend on my own will be good too. Tonight I think a bunch of us are going to the bars - tomorrow I'll take my car in, then go to Le Peep for breakfast. I'm going to try to work on job applications this weekend, as well as starting on my GSLIS app. If the weather's nice maybe I can take a picnic in the park. For now, though, I'm going to log off and go figure out something for lunch, then back to work for a few more hours. I want to crawl back into bed something fierce - especially with my little orange boy curled up next to me - but there will be time for that later in the weekend.

 A few things: I'm feeling totally uninspired about going home tomorrow. My parents are gone, Jen has to work most of the weekend, and just can't get worked up about driving three hours right after getting off work. I'm sure I'll suck it up and go tomorrow and have a great time - I'm going to see Dan and Jim and maybe Kevin and definitely Jen - but right now I feel distinctly blah and just want to stay in bed all weekend. The urlLink Victoria's Secret commercials with Bob Dylan are disturbing. My car is due for four safety recalls. Count 'em, four . I'm a little anxious about the highway driving for this reason as well. I'm going to take it in to get everything updated next week - apparently the current safety recall causes some of the problems I've been having - the service engine soon light, the shuddering - so instead of paying big bucks to have it fixed as I was going to do, now I can get it fixed for free. Thanks, urlLink Nissan . urlLink Shawn is the best boy ever.

 Storms blowing through tonight. We went out for dinner and beat a fast retreat to the car as the black clouds rolled in and the heavy rain started to come down. By the time we were home, though, it had quieted down. There's soft rain outside the window now, and trees down in the park. At least the humidity has abated. Tired of my body being a worry. My cycle is all out of whack, but I'm trying not to stress it. Mainly I've been having trouble with food, and that really sucks. Tonight I spent a good hour curled up in pain. I go to the doctor on Thursday, and I'm going to see about changing my birth control. Neither of us really want to be parents any time soon. It's been a nice weekend, storms and pain notwithstanding. Friday night we were finally able to eat at urlLink Monkey , which was hella tasty. Someone had their dog with them on the patio, and the dog was definitely lusting after a martini. Picked up coffee at work (I felt bad because I took the weekend off but stopped in anyway), then watched urlLink Jungle Emperor Leo , which started out insanely cute but ended up just plain strange. Saturday we slept in, hung out, read on the porch, watched urlLink Return of the King (HOTT), then had pizza and played pool at urlLink Jupiter's . I had a lot of fun, even though I'm miserably bad at pool. Might have to go there more often. Watched urlLink Scarlet Diva , which was crazy, and urlLink The Nightmare Before Christmas , which was adorable. Just lying together on the couch bed was sweet. I will be sad for the weekend to end. So what's coming up, now that I'll be solo for a few weeks? Lots of work, and sleep, and work. BBQ tomorrow night with the kids before urlLink Shawn leaves. urlLink Jen is coming for the weekend. A bunch of us are going to see urlLink Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban on Friday. urlLink Amanda might come for a week or two. urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah and I are going to Rockford the following weekend. urlLink Missy is on her own with Mark gone, so hopefully we'll spend time together. My last day at work is Friday - hoofuckingrah. Right now, though, I'm going to go drink some tea and curl up with my boy. xo-e

 It's like every other day - busy, quiet, busy, quiet, busy. Long hours of nothing, then concentrated craziness. I don't remember when I blogged last. Two days of doubles, followed by urlLink 24 and sleeping in with urlLink the boy . Short day, then insane cleaning and cooking for meat night - cranberry-orange chicken, urlLink sesame-garlic green beans , urlLink cucumber noodles , a salad with tomatoes and avocado, and milano cookies with mango and raspberry sorbet. Some urlLink American Idol , then a reluctant but sweet sleepover. I can't help that I want him there with me every night. Lunch with urlLink Sarah at Murphy's, then customers at half-hour intervals until the last, then screaming children and not-listening customers and a million and a half things to do. Party for Elizabeth Baldridge and Isabel - some familiar faces, mainly strangers. Tasty food though. A free dresser in the alley, and a few minutes of quiet on the couch, then home for the night. He leaves on Tuesday, and I'm doing fine. Or at least better than I expected. Must sleep.

 I worked with the label girl again tonight - I found out that she just finished her degree in dance performance, and will be auditioning for a company in Chicago next month. Her boyfriend, the one with whom she hung out all Saturday night, is an opera singer and was in tonight, translating Don Giovanni. Wow. I almost got a new free love seat, except it started storming on the way home. So much for that item of free furniture. Also finally connected with my sister on the phone tonight. She's watching urlLink Wonderland , which we watched over the weekend. She's talking about coming down in a week, which would be really nice. When I said that I lack the promise of a future, I wasn't exactly clear. It's not that there isn't a future - that this relationship has nowhere to go - I guess what I meant to say is that this relationship - this life - doesn't have a planned future. I've always had a shady five year plan or one year plan - now I'm constantly kept guessing. We could have such a life together - but right now those things are only dreams, not necessarily something to wait for. It's late, and I should sleep. I have another day of double shifts ahead of me. S'OK, I can use the money. Definitely. It'll just be late cos I'm going to urlLink Shawn 's to watch urlLink 24 after Aroma. I'm hoping I can finagle the morning off. We'll see....

 I'm a mess of so many things right now. We talked until late last night, long after I should've been asleep - about our relationship, about the way I'm feeling, about how things will be while he's away. About how he can't be my center, now matter how much I want him to be. I don't think it would come as a surprise to anyone if I say that my relationship with him is the most important thing in my life right now - but then you know there isn't much competition for 'important things.' I have a job I hate, and a job I like. I have friends, but only a few in my city, and only a few of those who actually do things with me (read: urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah ). I have nothing to keep me going on the off time except reading and the promise of him. It's easy to see how a relationship can take preeminence. And I know I can't make him my whole world, but that has happened, to some extent, by default, because there's nothing else that can even aspire to that position right now. And I know it's OK to not know what I want, to not know where I'm going, to feel like I'm just stumbling along most of the time - but it's also frustrating. I've had more than I have now, in terms of achievement. I've had the marriage and the house and the good job (though not the career job). I've been in a position where I felt like my future was secure. And I wasn't happy then, because I didn't feel engaged in the business of life. I had those things, and I still wanted more. Now I don't have those things - the marriage, the house, the good job, the promise of a future - and I don't miss the specifics but I guess I miss the abstractions, if that makes any sense. That was, in abstract, the sort of life I always pictured myself having. Take out my miserable self esteem, the fact that I was dying inside by inches, the relationship built on values that were never shared, and so many other things and you have a perfect picture of life in suburbia. And my dreams and desires haven't changed, even though I've taken a huge jump backwards in terms of achieving them - I want a partner that can and will share my life. I want a family, in time. I want a place that is my own - our own. I want a garden and sunshine. I want a job that engages me, that makes the most of my talents and abilities. I want an intellectual life. I want that which brings meaning. And after all the upheaval of the last year, I guess that when I find the kernel of any of these things - a job, a relationship, a challenge - I cling to it with a death grip. Which is why I pull him so close to me and struggle when he's away. Which is why I was devastated about grad school. Which is why I take the inherent shittiness of my job so much to heart. Which is why I allow myself to feel so intensely. I guess along the way I never learned that who I am should be a goal as well - that the person I am has as much to do with the things I will get out of life as it does with the happiness I get from them. I can't be a good partner until I know who I am and am secure in that. I can't be a good mother until I can take care of myself. I can't find work that brings meaning until I find my vocation. I can't be engaged in an intellectual pursuit until I find my voice. It looks like I have a long road ahead of me.

 It seems like every day something happens to break my heart. Every day, something. A look, a glance, a rejection, a song on the radio, a difficult customer, a missed phone call, a late night. I reread urlLink Galatea 2.2 this weekend - it went much faster than the last time, but I spent the last fifty pages forcibly fighting back tears. It was all I could do to keep from curling up in bed or going out on the porch and just sobbing. I don't know if it hurt more or less than last time, but it definitely hurt in different ways. And urlLink the boy leaves in a week - a week - and I know its only for a couple of weeks, but I'm aching over it already. A couple weeks sounds like an eternity when you see each other every day. He brought me home a little bit ago, and as soon as I hit the door the tears came - the bottled up emotions from the book, the exhaustion of worry from the last couple of weeks, the blah of Sunday nights, the loneliness of coming home to an empty apartment. That's the thing, though. I don't want to have to come home - I want home to be where he is - but that's just not an option that's available to me. I suppose June will be a great opportunity to work on resolution #9 - I will embrace my singleness and stop being so morbidly afraid of being alone.

 Seen on the sidewalk on my walk home from work: THE DEVIL IS UPON US! MEOW! I'm not sure if those things were related, but they were in the same square of pavement. Weird town. A night at work - shit for tips, and the girl I was working with spent 3 hours sitting at a table with her boyfriend making little labels for three perfectly good hand-written signs. I hate being the new person cos I feel like I don't have any room to question other people's behavior. Oh well, it's not like I was really busy - but I would've liked a little while to sit down later in the evening. A nice weekend so far. It's late, I'm warm, and in a few minutes I'm going to head over to urlLink Shawn 's. Happy Saturday night, kids.

 Not much, really. Trying to spend lots of time with urlLink the boy this next week before he leaves for the Academy after next weekend. Trying not to think about how blue I'm going to be when he's gone. Watching a bunch of movies, blogging on the urlLink book club site , reading, eating things that are tasty but don't necessarily make me happy, trying to stay cool. Working tonight - in half an hour, actually. That's about it.

 Let me just tell you that closing-opening-closing-opening will wear on you. I worked 6-12:30 Sunday night, then went out for drinks for Kim's birthday, meaning I didn't get to bed until 2ish. Monday I worked 8:30-5:15, watched a few minutes of kickball, then worked 6-12:30, THEN took my car into the shop, getting to bed again around 2. Tuesday I worked 8:30-4, and then, by the grace of Ron, went home at 4 and took a nap. Yawn. I needed it. This is how two jobs will wear me down - not with the busyness, but with the physical exhaustion. I gave my unofficial notice at work on Monday. I was worried that they'd be super pissed, but Mandy said she was expecting it - they called to check my reference last week. My last day at the bank will be June 4 - and I couldn't be more pleased. Will I be sad to leave here? No. Will I miss the people I work with? Some of them. Will I miss my customers? Probably. But it's fine. The ones I really like I can still visit. I had my pre-employment physical at Carle this morning - I forgot to drink anything, so they had a wicked time finding my veins, but I survived. It will be strange going from being a face to a number again, but the anonymity is good too. Finally got my car fixed. urlLink Shawn and I dropped it off Monday night after work - that was a debacle. I had misheard or misread the name of the service center, so in the middle of the night we were driving around looking for G&K service center, not TK . We eventually found it, and we picked the car up last night. My car is so much happier with the new belts, and I'm happier because it didn't cost as much as I thought it would. urlLink 24 was freaking great last night - I can't believe there's only one episode left! There are rumours of a urlLink fourth season in the works - that would be interesting, but they need to get some fresh faces. At least certain people are dead and deffo won't be around again... Right now I feel a little like shit, and a little like my head might explode. My seasonal allergies have been punching me in the face, and the long hours and short sleeps haven't helped. It usually goes this way - my allergies act up, then I don't take care of myself, then I get dehydrated, then I get sick. I'm hoping to nip this one in the bud, though. I've been reading a lot, though not as much as I'd like. I need to post to the urlLink book club site soon, but I just haven't gotten around to it. I did, however, complete one of my resolutions by finishing urlLink The Chronicles of Narnia . A few odd moments lately - moments of joy and depression, of separation and remembrance. Eva's first anniversary was a year ago Monday, and that was strange for me. Monday night urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah and urlLink Shawn came to see me at work - watching them play games and read and laugh together apart from me made me feel like I was watching their life before I was a day-to-day part of it - the time together with friends, when the three of them were so very close. How much has changed in a year. And there have been times of intense happiness in the last week, and times of intense depression. I'm hoping the job change will alleviate some of the stress that has been causing the depression, but it'll take more than that to fix everything. And maybe wisdom is learning when it's best to just live with the unfixable. For now, though, it's almost time to go home. Tonight is the last episode of urlLink regular man's Law & Order with Jerry Orbach, so that's a definite must-see. I just want to relax and not think about money or goings-away or my body for a bit. I think that's an OK request for the night.

 I was going to post something here, but I've lost it. Just got home from work and a drink with the coworker kids at Monkey - awake and tired and mainly not wanting to work tomorrow morning. Mainly just a little lost in love.

 A few minutes to post before I have to head out the door to work - so this may be brief. Friday was such a hellaciously busy day at work - I wanted to talk to my boss, but there just wasn't time. We'll be busy for a few more days, I suspect, and then it will be dead for the duration of the summer, or at least until the students start coming back in droves. Thank God I'll be gone by then. Got off work, still in a rare mood, and went home to see about the plans for the evening - dinner at Jillian's, then out to Nargile. One blas comment had me in tears again, and I took the hottest shower I could stand to snap out of it. A quiet hour at urlLink the boy 's, then we met urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah (recently returned from Florida) at Jillian's. A nice night, though the cover was too much and the dj sucked - but it was nice to be out and to dance a little while. Slept in Saturday - spent most of the day just lounging around reading and watching urlLink the boy play video games. Later in the grey day we went to see urlLink Troy , which wasn't as horrible as it could've been (also not as good). It was v pretty to look at and they remembered Aeneas, but apparently the director thought all the business with the gods was too silly to include. I actually have never read the Iliad, and should really be about that one of these days. Hmm. Dinner at urlLink Courier , then home to watch urlLink Best in Show , which was great, but not as good as urlLink A Mighty Wind . This morning we slept in again and I read a couple of books. urlLink Shawn played Zelda and obsessed over urlLink his blog . We sat on the porch for a while. It's so nice out and I don't want to go to work, but I know it will make the evening pass quickly. I mainly don't want to go back to work tomorrow, but such is the way of things. Not everyone can be on summer break. Hope you had a lovely weekend.

 urlLink Jim Croce's List of Things It Would Be Imprudent To Do urlLink New Punctuation Mark Approved for Use urlLink Jakob Nielsen Declares the Letter "C" Unusable urlLink Google Releases Print Edition urlLink Pirate Wisdom urlLink A Little Book of Pirates Yes, I'm trying to distract myself as well. It's easier to be here knowing that it won't be forever - which is what it felt like before - but I'm still drained and emotional. On my lunch break I'm going to get some coffee and pick up my new urlLink mp3 player . My pre-employment physical is scheduled for next Wednesday, so I should be able to turn in my notice next Friday. Another week in silence, then two more weeks of work, then I'm done.

 Five Things You Don't Know About Me 1. I've never been on a motorcycle. 2. Sometimes I get fixed on a word and like to trace it with my fingertips. 3. I've worn underwear more regularly in the last two weeks than in the last year. 4. Sometimes I look at people I know and love and have known and loved for a long time and it's as if they're strangers to me. 5. I got the job at Carle Clinic. Five Things You Probably Do Know About Me 1. I'm terrible at asking for things that I want. 2. I'm terrible at making myself the center of attention. 3. Right now my self-esteem is lower than it's been in a long, long time. 4. Sometimes I just want to make a big deal out of things (see #5, above), to celebrate, but I can't do it for myself (see #1-3, this list). 5. Sometimes I get in moods where I know I'll just pick a fight, and so I keep my mouth shut. The last 48 hours: work, mystery pork, drinks but not in the park, watching the rain, urlLink 24 , sex, so tired, meeting, work, job offer, change orders, excited, thara thai, the porch, memories, urlLink full frontal , walking in the rain, sex, crying, phone, crying to sleep. I'm excited about the job. I'm tired of struggling against myself. I just want to be spoiled a bit. I feel both whole and broken. I don't think I'll get a vacation this year.

 A rough day, and a better night. I was so tired, and fed up, and just frustrated that I found myself sobbing in the shower, my face red and swollen as I raced out the door to get to work on time after a busy and stressful day at my first job. I'm so tired of playing their game, toeing their line, saying "how high" when they tell me to jump through ridiculous hoops. I can't pray and beg enough to get the job at Carle. But urlLink Shawn was my salvation tonight - he was comforting on the phone, he came in to see me at work, he called and left a silly message on my phone for when I got off. It was nice to sit on the hearth and eat with him while talking to friends - and after work, I walked to his place with coffee and biscotti and sat next to him on the couch for a while. It was small and unexpected (to him at least), but it was nice. And I had lunch with urlLink Sarah today, and that was good too, though many tears were shed. We're both struggling with things - some of the same things in different ways, some entirely different - and I think we've forgotten how to lean on each other. She's always been there for me when I needed her, and I hope I've been there as well - we can get through these trials as well, as long as we allow that sometimes leaning is necessary - that needing is necessary. It's just a struggle, though, and I hate seeing her in pain. In other news, it is now 2am and I need to sleep.

 Monday morning. It's sunny and beautiful and I wish I could spend all day in the park instead of in my window looking at the world going by. I can never decide if having a window is better than working in the basement - there's the plus of the occasional propped door and fresh air - but at the same time in the basement we never knew if it was sunny or rainy, and so didn't suffer from the acute longing to be out there. Ah well, that's neither here nor there. I finally bought a fan for my room, so I woke up with a breeze on my skin. So out-of-sorts last night. I don't know what's up with that. I think I'm premenstrual - which never helps - but I was just under this cloud that wouldn't lift. I made dinner and walked to urlLink the boy 's house to watch urlLink Law & Order and urlLink Crossing Jordan and nearly stopped and cried a couple of times. Why? I have no idea. Spent the evening curled up on the couch with a big floppy stuffed dog (Dex), then accompanied urlLink the boy on his whirlwind trip to campus. By the time I got home I felt better - more sleepy, and less blank staring at the wall. I wish there was an anti-depressant that you could take only when you needed it, instead of every day. Took an Ambien, then talked to urlLink Jen and urlLink Amanda for a while before sleep - urlLink Amanda and I laughing wryly about how so much has changed in the last three years (since our graduation), but in many ways we're still in the same place. Oh yeah, and this urlLink Blogger relaunch is throwing me for a loop. It's crazy!

 Do you find yourself here? In the space between moments where you try your best to get things done but just somehow can't? It's easier for me, I think, because I don't have things that must be done. There are things that should be done to make my life easier - dishes, laundry, general cleaning, fixing my car - but nothing like work to be done at home, kids to feed, papers to finish. So I can get by on not doing much - or anything, if I feel like it. There's a reason I now have two jobs, beyond just needing money. And it's not that I'm a workaholic - it's that (again, disregarding the money) I fall into this slump, this depression, when I have nothing to do. Nothing is asked or needed of me - except by me - and so I don't find the time or energy to do anything. Evidence of that - I sat in a chair and read two books straight this afternoon, only moving to stretch or get more coffee. Sounds like an idyllic afternoon for many - and to me, mid-week, it will be the height of luxury - but right now, blah. I'm not engaged in the life around me today, and I don't know why. Maybe it's that there's nothing to be engaged in? I don't know. It's been a nice weekend, though. Friday night was Sara's birthday dinner, complete with burgers and hot dogs and little cheesecakes and my kick-ass summer salad and guacamole. Everyone's been so stressed and so busy - it was nice to just sit there and talk about nothing for a few hours. Back to urlLink Shawn 's, where we watched urlLink Reign of Fire , which was every bit as reterrible as I remembered. :) Saturday got up early and headed home so urlLink Shawn could get ready for his parents' impromptu visit - we four had lunch at Applebee's, then went to Meijer, where his mom seemed inordinately excited about me going shopping with them. Hmm. Back home mid-afternoon - read in the park and took a nap, then worked until midnight-ish with one of the other new girls. It was quiet but steady, and we got out of there in good time. Walked to urlLink Shawn 's and read on the porch for a while, then went to bed late. Got up around noon, then spent the afternoon (as mentioned above) reading - urlLink Shawn took me home around 5, and I've been bumming around ever since. In a little bit I'll make dinner. So, yeah. I just feel profoundly - blah - these days. Some days are really good - there's sunshine and laughter and good food and good sex and good sleep and good company - and others it's hard to get motivated to do anything. I really need a vacation, but that'll have to wait until July, if not later - depending on what happens with my interview on Monday. urlLink Shawn isn't leaving for a couple of weeks - not as early as I thought after all - so we'll hopefully have a couple of nice weekends to come. I told my boss that I want all the hours he can give me in June (so as to pass my unoccupied evenings and weekends). My apartment feels un-lived-in - I'm here to eat and sleep most days, and that's about it. My cats have the run of the place, and seem to spend most days asleep in sunbeams. I think it's time for a walk.

 Found this on the hard drive from two summers ago: E: i don't know if there was ever a moment that i went "god, i really want to talk to him" - but i definitely did think of you - and still do, especially certain times of the year ecce homo says: just when i migrated to the urban wilderness ecce homo says: surely you don't have any, like, fond christmas memories of us singing carols by the yule log E: no - but i think of you in october when late summer turns to fall and remember the weekend you were homeless and i worried E: i think of you in august when people start moving back to rockford college - remembering that ridiculous orientation weekend E: and of walking to panino's and you offering people at that used record shop a "curiously strong mint" ecce homo says: i had such a crush on you those first...ahhh...two days or whatever ecce homo says: i mean, it doesn't take much with me....the fact that you were good looking and comperably uninterested in the "Get to know everyone" games was enough to have me smitten E: well it's good to know that i am (or was) capable of bewitching then relative strangers, even if the spell only lasts a few days ecce homo says: well, it only wore off because you quickly made it clear (very tastefully) that you had someone already and that i had zero chance. E: i'm sorry - i tried - and i was very new to the whole relationship game and didn't quite know how to handle it all. ecce homo says: otherwise, it would've taken a while to wear off. the only thing that i could've seen bothering me at the time was that you were so busy. i'd have been jealous ecce homo says: well, you certainly had nothing to be sorry for. i'd almost definately have let you down ecce homo says: i'm terrible at relationships. usually. E: i was very confused - i didn't date at all in high school so the way things changed once i graduated really surprised and bewildered me ecce homo says: it couldn't have helped that i was so motherfucking cute and smart and charming E: i know. that didn't help. ecce homo says: hold on a sec ecce homo says: i'm sorry. i've got a phone call. just a second. ecce homo says: listen, fuck that for a minute ecce homo says: back to me ecce homo says: and you ecce homo says: i would never has presumed that you had anything like feelings for me. ecce homo says: i was just......so....you're so pretty elizabeth. but, you know, that's not the impressive part. there are lots of pretty women. you're smart, and interesting, and you have a great sense of humor. ecce homo says: i couldn't have not been taken with you if i tried. ecce homo says: and honestly, as long as i knew you - even though i was 100% in love with her and would never have done anything to hurt her - that never really left. ecce homo says: it was a sort of dull resignation. ecce homo says: well, you know, the thing is...i don't really have a lot of luck with women. and, usually, i see some great looking woman with a guy that CLEARLY a tool, and i get sort of indignant about it. like, "i'm better than that guy....fuck him, and fuck her for being with him", but i couldn't get that way with you. ecce homo says: because, you know, in case you haven't noticed, i'm better than most people. most people are shit. ecce homo says: but the fact is, i'm shit too, in my own ways. so, i think "i'd be better for her than that guy" and then i think "oh, wait. no." ecce homo says: i guess we were all lucky that i fell so hard for her when i did. otherwise i probably would've developed some strong feelings for you that would've caused me a lot of frustration ecce homo says: it's hard when you fall for someone, but you know that they're better off with someone else. That was seven summers ago. Hard to believe so much time has passed, so many things have changed. I was so fucking young then.

 Holy FUCK am I tired. 8:30-5 + 6-12:30 = long as hell. Actually I'm less tired than I expected to be - I think the sheer insanity of the evening kept me on my toes and thus kept me from dragging. I'm going to sleep well tonight. Good things from this week: urlLink the boy reading in the park cranberry peach italian sodas iced cherry mochas lots of people outside walking and playing and reading and sunning $13 tip out Trent on the radio - LOUD - as we were closing up waking up with urlLink the boy 's sleepy blondness next to me

 It is impossibly gorgeous today. It is hottish, and sunny, and breezy. Apparently yesterday all the perfectly proportioned undergrads turned out to lie around in bikinis on the quad - urlLink Shawn said he wasn't sure if he was at a Big 10 university - or a tanning salon. The extent of this wonderfulness that I get to experience, however, will be limited to the walk from my apartment to work tonight, as I'm working back-to-back shifts. Today's the first day I've had to do that, so we'll see how I survive. I'm thinking a lot of caffeine will be required. Yesterday was pretty great too - well, at least once I got off work. Work wasn't as hideous as it's been, but my coworker mysteriously disappeared while I was on lunch - no one will tell me why she left, but I'm thinking they sent her home due to her new "extreme" hair color. urlLink Shawn came over and we drank our wine cooler margaritas in the park while watching a nebulous game of frisbee. Dinner at Farren's, then home to watch urlLink Gosford Park , which was good, but a lot slower than I would've liked. urlLink Shawn spent the night, and I kept setting my alarm back this morning so I could spend more time curled up next to him. It's been great sleeping weather, which may explain my lethargy the last few days. The morning went by pretty quickly - but I have five more hours at the bank, followed by six-and-a-half at the coffeeshop, so no rest in sight for me. *yawn*

 There are days when I don't like my job. And then there are days (or weeks) when I flat-out hate my job. This is one of those weeks. If I didn't need the money so badly, I might've quit on the spot this afternoon. In two days I have been out of balance, broken the coin machine, fucked up some other stuff, and generally incurred most of the wrath to be offered by management. I was also party to one of the most stunningly unprofessional conversations I've heard in a long, long time. B: "If we have to listen to WIXY one more day, my eardrums will catch on fire." (changes the station) A (furious): "Who changed the radio?" E: "I think B said something about his eardrums catching on fire if we have to listen to WIXY another day." A: " MANAGEMENT makes the decisions about the radio. No one else. The radio is not changed unless MANAGEMENT changes it." Later in the day we were informed that the more we bitch about the radio, the longer we will listen to WIXY. WIXY, by the way, is country - and we've been listening to it basically the entire last month. Why? Because management is calling in to win on some radio contest. Really fucking professional, right? Really condusive to a positive work environment, right? Because it's OK for them to congregate in an office for half an hour during the call-in time, putting other work on hold - but you better fucking believe that I (or any of my coworkers) would be fired if we did the same thing. Ugh. In other news, no word back from Health Alliance. I'm going to call them again tomorrow. I guess it's time to start looking some more. Tonight was nice, though. I met urlLink Shawn after work, and we walked home rather than waiting for the bus - the cold and rain had lifted, and it was a nice walk. We bummed around, watched urlLink 24 (which is in-freaking-sane), jointly finished the crossword, and I came home a little while ago. And now it's chilly and I'm tired, so I'm off to sleep! Let's hope for a better work day tomorrow....

 Tonight turned out to be a lot better than I expected. urlLink Sarah called me after lunch to say that she got called in to work, and did I want her urlLink Rent ticket. Sure! So at the end of a long and shitty-shitty day, I joined urlLink Hannah and Amity for urlLink Thara Thai , then met urlLink Shawn for the show. It was really great, and I'm glad I went. I wish urlLink Sarah could've gone, though - I know the show has special meaning for her. The weekend ended up pretty nice as well - I worked a hella long shift at urlLink Aroma with my boss, which was exhausting but good - left work at 12:30 and walked to urlLink Shawn 's, where he obliged my exhaustion and provided me with snacks and a backrub. We watched urlLink Punch-Drunk Love , which was odd and wonderful, then turned in and slept, soundly, until almost noon. Sunday was sleeping in and reading in bed, then more sleeping, and reading, and food from urlLink Sonic . We opted not to watch the earthquake monstrosity, and instead watched urlLink The Singing Detective , which was pretty terrific in and of itself. So yeah, just some ups and downs the last couple of days. A bad hangover and lots of emotions, then a good but exhausting shift. A shitty day at work, then a nice night with friends and music and pie. Finding three grey hairs - the first in years - and getting a cute top in the mail. It all evens out in the end. But right now my heart goes out to Russ's family on the loss of their beloved sister, Mary. If you pray, think of them.

 Sometimes being human is a big fucking downer, you know? Dinner with the family was nice - amazing, actually. Well, the food was amazing, and family was family. We went to urlLink Biaggi's . After dinner sMother dropped me off at urlLink Shawn 's, then we went to urlLink Boltini to meet Oday and Aleksondra. A nice time, but I felt really out of place (as frequently happens when I'm the only non-department kid), so I drank too much and was consequently overly emotional later. And this morning I had a hella whiskey hangover, but managed to put on a brave face and had a nice lunch with everyone at urlLink Aroma (we tried for urlLink Kopi , but there were no tables). Mom headed home around 1:30, and urlLink Shawn left after that. I tried to take a nap, but mainly just felt lame. And now I have to leave for work in 20 minutes or so and am working until midnight, but I really feel like crap and my head hurts and I just feel like crying.

 This is the girl I was: The girl I was wasn't satisfied with what she had, so she was always looking for something else. She thought that they were open-minded and progressive because they weren't held by the traditional bounds of a relationship, of a marriage. She thought that she could love more than one person concurrently, and that because of that she had a greater capacity for love. What that girl didn't realize was that by always looking for something else, she consistently sold short what she already had. She put herself in a position that when her relationship ended, that group of friends ended because they would always be looking for the same thing for her. Instead of being progressive and open-minded, she sold herself short by using her body in exchange for attention, rather than her mind or her heart. And loving more than one person at a time only ended in hurt. And then one day a switch was thrown, and a fuse burnt out that could never be replaced. And the girl that I was died a quick death. Along with that went two long-term relationships and and entire life she'd built. This is the girl that I am: The girl that I am is satisfied and doesn't ever want to look for more. The girl that I am hopes to never have to look for more, because what she has found is so incredible that she truly believes nothing could eclipse it. The girl that I am realizes that there are different ways of being different that don't involve toying with other people's emotions or bodies. The girl that I am realizes that if love is real, it should increase your capacity for love, increase the amount of love in your life. Some of these things came right away, in the days that followed that break. Some of these things took a while. And sometimes these things come at odd moments, when there are unexpected reminders. A friend of mine put me in an awkward situation this week. She misconstrued the degree of my interest in someone and, thinking it was more than just that of a potential friend, led him to believe as much as well. The girl that I was would've been in hot pursuit by now, not really caring about the repurcussions or her partner's feelings. The girl that I am, however, just can't do that. She can't do that because she respects this other person. She can't do that because she respects herself. And she can't do that because she knows her relationship is worth so much more than that. This other person might have potential, but she's found what she wants. I debated about writing about this here for a number of reasons, in part because the boy that I love is far away and this might be a strange thing for him to read - but in the end I knew that this is why he trusts me - this is why he loves me. He fell in love with the girl that I was, and is in love with the girl that I am. And it can't hurt to be reminded that the girl that I am is a one-man kind of girl.

 I wonder if parenthood is an exercise against futility. I'm feeling a lot of that these days, and I found myself wondering that late last night. I'm struggling because yesterday I gave up my beloved baby cat Gypsy. She went to live with my brother Mark. This will be the best thing for all of us, I think - I will be without the stress of trying to clean up after her accidents all the time, Mark gets a cat that he absolutely adores, and Gypsy gets a good home that isn't the Humane Society - but it was still horridly hard. She was so sweet last night - and cute and good. It broke my heart to give her up, but I know it was the right thing. And I'm worrying about my other cat because this is the first time he's been alone. He's managing just fine so far by pestering the hell out of me, and in the middle of the night we had to have a talk about not launching himself off my side after the catnip mousie. In fact, there will be no launching off me period. But before the launching he was sad and snuggly, and I hope he'll be OK. And it sounds like Shawn had a bad day yesterday - or just disappointing and defeating. And he wondered on his blog why some people always get the support and encouragement they need, but why he doesn't. And I want so badly to encourage him, to be there for him, to let him vent and make it better if I can - but I don't have that option and so feel like I'm sitting on my hands while he's hurting. And - I don't know. My friends are struggling, and I can't help. My cat is lonely, and I have to work. The boy that I love is far away and having a hard time, and I can do nothing but wait for him to need me, and hope he knows I'm here for him. I just feel like my hands are tied.

 My mixy disc. I'm sure I'm leaving stuff out, but this is what I came up with. Discs available urlLink upon request . Now tell me who you are - and what I've left out. (x-posted from my urlLink LJ ) 1. Simon & Garfunkel - America . This is the sort of music I grew up with - S&G, Judy Collins, etc. This reminds me of high school, and of the little hippie girl I used to be. Of jasmine and patchouli summers, and long hair, and trying to find my place. Of coming of age, I guess. Counting the cars on the New Jersey Turnpike/They've all come to look for America. 2. Ani DiFranco - Untouchable Face . I never really got into Ani until recently, and she's still growing on me. And I know there are lots of better songs, but this one is me, through and through. i could make you happy you know/if you weren't already/i could do a lot of things/and i do . Bitter and sweet, yearning and frustration. I know all those things well. 3. Cat Stevens - Father and Son . Summer between high school and college, and the years that followed in which I struggled for my independence, and my parents struggled to let me grow. All the times that I've cried/keeping all the things I knew inside/It's hard, but it's harder to ignore it/If they were right I'd agree/But it's them they know not me 4. The Tea Party - The Messenger . 2000. I'm in London. I'm alone and out in the world. I have a chance encounter with Tea Party in Paris that leads to a not-chance encounter in London, that leads to an incredible "lost weekend" in Amsterdam. And time and time again since then this song has reinvented itself for me as I hear it in different contexts. 5. Pink Floyd - Fearless . The summer I was 15 was the last best summer at CHBC. We were a really small, really tightly knit group of kids who didn't really want to be there - but deep down inside we wouldn't have been anywhere else. We stayed up all night to watch the sunrise - we broke the rules - we had an incredibly memorable week. Dave found me one night and asked if I knew this song, then played it for me. He told me I had the voice of an angel, and we sang this song together for our friends. 6. Fiona Apple - Criminal . Summer of 1997 - the summer between high school and college, the summer of much turmoil and heartache. I didn't know what I wanted, and I made choices I didn't understand. 7. Ace of Base - My Deja Vu . April 1996. Coming home from Paris for the first time, thinking of the boy I met in the disco the previous night. I listened to this song obsessively for months . I wanna feel you with my senses/'Cause I'm almost sure the texture of your skin/Is gonna tell me who you are . Like I had any idea what that meant at 16. 8. Faithless - Insomnia . 1997. I can't get no sleep. A clip from this song was in the radio bit for Zero Gravity, a place associated with so many random memories. I remember dancing there the first night Sarah and I went out, coming home with my hair and clothes full of glitter. Perhaps the beginning of my infatuation with house music. 9. Dido - Who Makes You Feel . This song has attitude, and I love it. This is one I turn up LOUD LOUD LOUD in my car and sing along - one I put on repeat for days on end. Who makes you feel the way that I make you feel/Who loves you and knows you the way I do/Who touches you and holds you quite like I do/Who makes you feel like I make you feel . It's pride - and possession - but those things with a sultriness that wins me over every time. I don't want to be a bitch - but I want to be the only one to make you feel like I make you feel. 10. Third Eye Blind - I Want You . This was a hard call because this entire album is 1997 for me - it's too bad I can't have an entire 3EB musical interlude here. Reminds me of Adam, of James, of the first month in the dorms with Mayra. Reminds me of me. You said to live this way is not for the meek/And like a jazz DJ you talk me into sleep/I said there will be no regrets when the worms come . 11. Damien Rice - Volcano . I kissed your mouth. What 3EB was to 1997, Damien Rice has been for 2003-4. Shawn sent me Volcano about two weeks after the party, two days before my world would change entirely. Shawn wrote somewhere that Damien says the things he's feeling - or maybe he didn't realize he felt them until he heard Damien. It's the same way for me. The album had to grow on me, though at first listen I was utterly devastated - and then even the weaker tracks became so essential to me. Volcano is it for this disc, though, because What I give to you/Is just what I'm going through/This is nothing new/No no just another phase of finding what I really need/Is what makes me bleed . Burns right through to the heart of me. 12. Sarah McLachlan - Elsewhere . For some dark places. I know this love is passing time/passing through like liquid/I'm drunk in my desire.../but I love the way you smile at me/I love the way your hands reach out and hold me near... I understand this song so much better now than I did at 18, yet it is no more or less essential than it was then. Then it was just gorgeous - now I fully understand the drunkenness of desire. I understand the yearning. And I understand having to defend those things. 13. Melissa Ferrick - Everything I Need . Sarah gave me the lyrics to this song after she'd suffered a particularly rough first semester of grad school. It's all about empowerment, about being OK, about realizing the person you are is pretty damned great. I played this for Mary and Amanda and Jen at Christmas - I can think of no better way to say I love you than to give the sort of peace that this song talks about. Everything I need/is right here in my hands . 14. NIN - The Perfect Drug . An odd choice, but I had to have some hella hot Trent. This song entrances me more than Closer ever could. And I want you. 15. Ludo - Hum Along . Another song from Shawn. He sent it to me while I was at work - I went to the website and read the lyrics while listening and just crying and crying. I don't know if we have a song that is "ours" - but this song was there at the very beginning, and continues to break my heart time and again. It isn't right/for me to paint your picture every night/but I do/It feels so wrong/to sing this song/but maybe somehow you'll hear me/and hum along . 16. The Beatles - In My Life . I freaking love this song. In my life/I love you more . Always have. Always will. There are many Beatles songs that are better, but this one is it for me. 17. Portishead - Glory Box . It's all about sexiness and the slow burn and swaying hips in a smoky room. It's about letting go, giving in, surrendering. It's about pleasure. I wanna be a woman. 18. Lizzie West - Chariots Rise . Another one I'll put on repeat over and over again, and probably my favorite love song. What a fool am I/To fall so in love/What a wonderful dream/It seems to be/'Cause I love him .

 Sometimes I guess you just know. Sometimes the things you're meant to do just hop up and smack you in the face. Sometimes it's so inescapable, your destiny. I've seen it happen with my friends in the last year or two - that moment when it all connects, when they've figured it out. It may not always be perfect, and it may bring a great deal of grief, but that's it . I heard it when Amanda called me after her first week of teaching - exhausted but totally in love with what she was doing. I heart it in Sarah's enthusiasm for her teaching, for her students. I hear it when I read Shawn's blog - how being at the Academy is like falling in love. And I wonder if these three are rarified situations - dealing with people when they are most fragile, most changeable. I wonder if it's easier to fall completely in love when you're dealing with all the highs and lows of adolescence. But then I see it in my dad too. My dad is an oncologist - one of the finest in the region, or so many, many people have told me. My dad doesn't come home from work glowing and raving about his day - he can't, for one, and for another what he does is so, so difficult. But he does it, and every day he changes lives, and every day, even though he can't save everyone, he saves people. And this is what he was meant to do. My dad knew, and so he worked extra hard to make it possible. I struggle with some things about my dad, but I admire him more every day for what he does for other people. And I guess I find myself between things as ever, wanting to find that thing, that spark, that something that will make me want to press forward every morning towards a goal. I want to find meaning, want to find my life's worth. But the only thing that has ever brought that spark for me is human interaction - is loving and being loved by other people. My heart is full of love, and beauty, and compassion. I struggle every day with my lack of vocation, my lack of direction. I struggle with my lack of calling. I struggle with the fact that I have all these talents and joys and strengths - and they are wasted on my job(s), wasted by my sitting at home, wasted in my solitude. Maybe that's why it's so easy to fall in love with me - because when I open my heart to you, it's all there. Maybe that's why it has, in the past, been nearly impossible for me to have a strictly platonic friendship with a man. Male friends just tend to fall in love with me, and I've never really worked out why that was. I have no secrets. I'm not willing to keep myself apart. I'm what you could call the antithesis of reserved, once you get to know me. And in the past this has been detrimental to my relationships. Maybe that's why I've been so attractive - because you know I'll give you anything. Now I have a relationship that engages me in every way - emotionally, spiritually, intellectually, physically. And it's hard to keep from pouring everything I have and everything I am into this relationship - and harder when he remains reserved, when he feels distant, when there are things in his life that are so important but that I will never be apart of. It's hard to remember that this relationship can't be my entire life. urlLink I just want to put down that right now I desire so much that I can't, don't, and may not ever have, and I wonder why that is always the case. And this is what I fear - that it'll be five, ten, fifteen years from now and I'll still be bumbling around. That I'll still be sitting on my bed in the middle of the morning wondering when my life will get started, and wondering why I'm living alone. I know what you do and who you are with aren't the important things - the important thing is who you are . And I know who I am and most days I'm really happy with the person I am, the person I've become. But there has to be more to life than just being happy with who you are, and I struggle because I'm not there yet - and because I don't know where I'm headed.

 What do I want today? Today I want to go see a movie, then go to the diner and have cheap-ass breakfast-for-dinner and coffee and talk about it. I want to sit there with eggs and toast and grits and coffee and just look at him. I want to borrow his grey jacket because I forgot my sweater, and I want to tuck my hands up in the sleeves - well, except the hand that's holding his. And then I want to go home with him and later on fall asleep in his bed by the window, sleeping with my body curled into his. What do I want tomorrow? Tomorrow I want to wake up with him still there, still next to me, even if we've moved apart in sleep. I want to make coffee and bring it back to bed. I want to take our waking slow. I want to spend a leisurely day together on the porch, on the couch, in the park and in bed. I want a late dinner somewhere, and maybe a drink with friends. I want his hand on my back, in my hair. I want to feel him next to me.

 Some things on my mind: I'm hella tired. My NEW AND IMPROVED ultimate Jeopardy categories: 1. great children's books published between 1997-2001 2. funds availability policies (aka Reg CC) 3. pirate jokes 4. free fun things to do (aka over-educated and under-paid) 5. blogging 6. in a sunburned country 7. why uncertainty sucks (aka codependency & you) Sometimes I feel like I could live my entire life in the span of one song. Do you know what I mean? Like I live and breathe for the chord progression. Sounds really strange and cheesy, but it's true. Some songs are just perfect like that - and Cat Stevens's "Father and Son" falls in that category for me. I feel like I'm in 100% over my head at work right now. I'm sure that'll get better, but I was thrown in the office yesterday without my trusty training buddies, and it freaked me out. I miss Shawn. And sometimes it's poignant and sometimes it's exasperating and sometimes I just want to crawl into my bed and cry. And sometimes I'm fine. But it's always there, just beyond the place that I can touch. There are so many things in my heart. To paraphrase something he wrote about/for me a long time ago: Sometimes, he is here. His picture on the table, the memory of his voice ringing in my thoughts. The anticipation of emails and the possibility of holding his hand soon. God (or deity of choice, since I don't have one), this is so hard. I'm just tired of waiting. And part of me is always remembering how it was in the first, how the longing was coupled with uncertainty, not know if there could ever be an "us" - and I know this is so much better - but still hard, in its way.

 Friends are a good, good thing. Spent Sunday pm with Sarah and Hannah, watching movies and eating good food. Sarah and I put together a bookcase, and I gave myself a nasty blood blister. I needed the companionship after a long hard night and morning - I am eternally glad of them. Yesterday was lots of working - at home and at work - then Sarah came over and Jonathan later. Randomness ensued, and the cats were implicated in some sort of conspiracy. Nice to just have people here hanging out. Tonight was pirates and tacos with Michelle and Diana - Michelle and I talked about our boys and how we miss them and what we miss about them. She misses having fun with hers, misses his smell, misses him being affectionate. I've gone through many phases of missing in the last 2-3 weeks. I've missed his laugh, his voice, his gorgeous blond hair, sex with him, his companionship, just being quiet together, watching him get dressed in the morning, curling into his body in sleep. Right now my bed feels really empty, and I just want him here so I can sleep next to him. Only a little more time. Michelle's boy is in Iraq. I can't even imagine. Anyway, it's been good, having friends around. Makes the nights less empty, you know? Some days it's good to have time to spare - and others I just crave human companionship. My cats are lovely, but they are lacking in the communication skills. And things are better with the boy, too. I didn't hear from him today, but we talked yesterday and it was wonderful. I sent him a package of randomness, which he received and enjoyed muchly. We talked about silly and serious things, and laughed. He emailed me late Sunday night setting some things straight, and I emailed back in the morning when I was feeling much more stable. Michelle said today that long distance relationships are really hard unless you know definitely where you stand before you go away. I maintain that they're hard, even if you know definitely where you stand. There are some things (and I'm not even talking about the physical) that are just easier when you're near. It's been a strange week already, and some days the ache is damned near overwhelming - but I know - I know - that this is what I want, and that it is worth the heartache. If you're reading this - urlLink you - I love you far beyond words.

 What I give to you Is just what I'm going through This is nothing new No, no, just another phase of finding what I really need Is what makes me bleed Like a new disease But lord she's still too young to treat

 I don't know what to say or do any more. I always say the wrong thing. I try so hard to bite my tongue, to keep the bitter and sad and frustrated things in, but sometimes I just can't do it. And I need more than he can give right now, and I feel so far away from him. I feel estranged from him - and by stating my need, I push him even further away. Tonight was the first time we've had a conversation that was any more than small talk since he left after that wonderful weekend - and it ended with him frustrated and me sobbing. I've given up so much in the search for who I am, for what I really want - and never has it seemed so far away as in this moment. I know that he loves me - I guess right now I just feel so bitterly alone.

 I listened to a bunch of mix cds on the way home from Rockford this weekend - discs I burned before I went home at Christmas. They were pretty random, organized mainly by letter, as I filled them disc by disc going through my collection. Some mixes turned out really well, others were hit or miss. And that got me thinking about favorite songs, and that got me thinking about mixes again. So, here's my question. If you were to make a mix cd to introduce yourself, a cd to sort of define who you are in 15-20 tracks, what would be on it? Please expound on why if you will, but mainly I'd just like a bit about you, in other people's words and music. I'm still working on mine, but I will post it here when I'm done. Post it in my comments, or on your own blog, or gmail me. I'm looking forward to hearing from you - and hearing you. :)

 It is 8:45 and for the last 45 minutes we've been waiting for our trainer so we could start work. So for 45 minutes I've been sitting here, drinking my Maxwell House hazelnut coffee (with the terrifically buttery taste - this stuff's freaking amazing) and checking my email and the blogs and such. Seems like a waste of 45 minutes x 3 (for my other training kids as well), but hey, that's their choice. Work was fine last night. I worked 6-9 with Megan, who just turned 21. No one splashed grill water on my food, and I got to actually talk to urlLink KFan while I ate my quesadilla (cheddar and chihuahua cheese, sesame mango dressing, black beans and corn). Every other time he's been in I've been busy, or urlLink Shawn 's been there, so it was nice. Dave and I talked about cooking a lot - I'm bringing him cookbooks, and along the way got a little more inspired about cooking for myself. I went to Meijer after work and stocked up on produce, so this morning I had a smoothie with strawberry yogurt, OJ, half a banana, and a white peach. Tastiness. I got to talk to urlLink Shawn for a little bit yesterday. I feel like I'm being the pathetic girlfriend at home, spoiling his fun by missing him - and I don't want to be that person. On the other hand, I don't want to have to beg for his attention, because I know I'm worth more than that. So I'm in a strange place, and I'm just trying to find my way. And I know I'll be fine, and this'll be over sooner than I think - but it's still strange and hard at times. Am actually finding people at work to talk to outside my training group - and that's nice. I sat in the lunch room on Tuesday and felt totally out of place - like at the last two jobs. I'm fine with being overeducated and underpaid, but it's always easier if there's someone with whom you can commiserate. At AMCORE I had Dan, and at Busey I had great customers who thought our decorations equally lame (I miss my customers!). I'm still finding my way here as well - so maybe it's an OK thing that no one talked to me in the lunchroom. Honestly (and this is terrible), I'd rather sit by myself and read than have to talk about reality TV and/or the latest deal on beef. Don't get me wrong, I have trashy and superficial convos as much as the next girl - but the people with whom I have these convos can also talk about stuff that's totally over my head. OK, it's now 9:03 and I've been doing nothing for literally an hour. I should've been reading - I could've finished Fellowship by now. Perhaps I should go pretend to be a diligent student - I think my frantic typing has given me away.

 This was my night: 6:00-8:30pm: constant traffic, and terrible tips. tables with multiple meals. smiling and taking orders and hoping like hell that the new cook could keep up. 8:30pm: make dinner before the grill is turned off - turkey, provolone, tomato, vidalia onion sauce in a warmed-up wrap with peach salsa and chips. set aside because we have another rush. 8:45pm: decide to put food in the microwave to keep warm as eating will be a long time off. new cook is cleaning the grill. new cook has liberally doused my sandwich, salsa, and chips with nasty black grill water. throw away dinner. 9:30pm: finally get another break, make another sandwich (in the micro), read for a few minutes. finish a chapter, not the book. 10:30pm: clean the bathrooms. both toilets are backed up. finish the women's bathroom and try to start on the men's, but a line forms and i abandon the grossness for a bit. 11:00pm: finally get back to the men's room, and the urinal hasn't been flushed. i don't know how men are so gross. gross gross gross. fix toilet number two, and officially declare myself off bathroom duty for the duration of the week. 11:30pm: lock up the patio furniture and check the trashes. back trash is half full of water, meaning half full of a watery sludge of cigarettes, food, drinks, dirt, etc. manage to dump at least half a cup of this mixture on my feet and legs and hands. 11:45pm: bring in front patio furniture. soak front of pants in some unidentified liquid. 11:50pm: prep mop. leave sticky line of mop bucket soap on my pants. these pants are having a really bad night. 12:15pm: mop the entire place. manage to NOT dump mop liquid on self (quite unusual for me), but soak my foot with hot water while rinsing out the mop bucket. 12:30pm: third trip to the trash. declare that the fragile trash bags aren't a worry at this point because i don't have the knock box bag. total evening gross out factor: very high. all that was missing was vomit and blood-borne pathogens. and what got me through the night was the hope of talking to urlLink shawn when i got home - or maybe just an email. but i got nothing, and now i'm going to bed disappointed AND grossed out.

 It's Tuesday already - Tuesday pm. I could say "where's the week getting away to?" but I'm just glad it's going. This weekend was terrific, bookended by crazy. Friday we were supposed to leave at 6, but I got off work early (as you know). No word from the kids until 5:15, when urlLink Sarah called from the Saturn dealership - her car was dead with a four inch hole in the engine block. Terrifying, but a good thing it didn't happen a couple of hours later when all three of us were in the car. We picked up urlLink Hannah , made a few frantic phone calls, then hit the road. On the way to Rockford urlLink Sarah expounded on her biggest news - that she and Greg are engaged. Aahh! It's on the down-low for now (not that kind of d-l, Ice-T), but still exciting. Got into town around 10, and hung out at Jen's for a while with Jen, Cassie, and Jen's hella cute bunny Peter. I gave urlLink Hannah the tour of the house (yes, we do actually have five bathrooms), and we crashed. Saturday was sleeping in, then breakfast with urlLink Mary J . We did some running-around-shopping, then spent the afternoon in the pool and the sun, smoking too many cigarettes and drinking wine coolers. It was a stereotypical girls' day - and just what we all needed. I floated on my back in the pool for a while, thinking that it was the best sort of feeling - the cold of the water against the hot of my skin and the sun on my skin. I thought that the only thing that could improve on that moment would've been urlLink Shawn , but then it wouldn't have been the same sort of day. Dinner at urlLink Beef A Roo , then I picked my parents (and Coo) up from the bus, where they'd just gotten in from Europe. They were deliriously tired, but it was good to have them home. More running around (including delivery of the naked mole rat book to Nicki and Cory), then more hanging out at Jen's, this time with Krist, Erika, Devon, and Carly. Oh, and Peter too. Sunday was a lovely breakfast with my parents, followed by lots of driving - to Lindenhurst to get the new car, then to urlLink IKEA , then home around the city. urlLink Sarah 's new car is exactly like mine, except white and tinted windows. Good finds at urlLink IKEA - I now have kitchen canisters and ideas for the new apartment - and a nice dinner at a salad buffet place (name escapes me). The drive home was long and boring, but it was nice - I always forget how much I love love love driving in the summertime with the music up and the windows down. No word from urlLink Shawn , but it was the first day of the Academy, and I didn't really expect to hear from him. Talked to urlLink Newman for a while when I got home, then crashed later than I'd planned. Monday was a blur of lame-o training. My trainer has a Jennifer Tilly squeaky-voice and treats us like we have the intelligence of a flatworm. 4-5 more weeks of this might just drive me to drink - or to a regular smoking habit, which I'm trying to avoid. Sat on the porch for a long time when I got home, just reading urlLink The Fellowship of the Ring , then ran around with urlLink Sarah and had some nice quiet movie time. Today was more lame-o training, plus a rainstorm and sub-par sushi. I have to work tonight, and am hoping to both finish my book and talk to urlLink Shawn later. A few other things on my mind to blog about, but I'll put them separate from this great recounting-of-events. Hope your weekends were lovely. xo

 urlLink A totally crazy-wonderful weekend, which I needed more than I need a million dollars or sex with my boyfriend (not that those wouldn't be really nice). Fun, sun, friends, family, wine coolers, and IKEA - getting the hell out of town. What a terrific idea. Details to follow, but right now I have to work. xo&nbsp; urlLink

 I know I said I was going to take a break from blogging, but we all knew that would be short-lived. It's hot, and I'm bored, so what else am I going to do? I got off work at noon - they ran out of things for me to do - and I've been hanging around waiting to hear from the kids so we can take off for Rockford. Not that I'm packed or anything. I do have my laundry together, and my apartment is (relatively) clean. I went through a bunch of junk, and sorted out what I think are the last of the things to be returned. I've watched a couple of movies - urlLink Hideous Kinky and urlLink Down With Love . The former was gorgeous, the latter fun. I watched some of urlLink My So-Called Life and remembered being 15 and feeling desperately lonely and unattractive and like no one would ever want to be with me - not that I knew what I wanted anyway. And it was hard to realize that in many ways I'm still that fucked up 15 - though I think I was better at the straight face back then. Yesterday was a rocky day. Work was fine - they found things for us (me and two other trainees) to do, which involved filing and climbing around in a record room and data entry. I got home, and five minutes later I was on my hands and knees soaking cat urine out of the couch again. Gypsy made her point - extravagantly. Cursing and crying followed, and a feeling of being utterly overwhelmed. My apartment was a mess. I'm broke. My cat is so bad. I'm lonely. My hair is falling out. Blah blah blah. So I took a hot shower and felt sorry for myself, and then forced myself to snap out of it. I did some dishes, then went to Kopi for food. Sitting in the window, watching the storm, drinking coffee and reading - just doing something nice for myself felt really good. I came home and finished cleaning, then talked to urlLink the boy for a few minutes. I know he's really busy, and that it wasn't a good time, but he feels so far away from me right now, and that's a hard thing. He's really quiet and withdrawn sometimes, and that's hard to deal with, even when I can see his face. I hope I'll get to talk to him this weekend, but I don't know. The Academy starts in earnest on Sunday, and after that who knows. I have a photo of us by my bed - it's from the weekend I moved here, so many months ago. We're lying on the futon at the kids' - he's lying behind me and our hair is tangled up together on the red pillow. His arms are around me, and my hand is in his sleeve. We look so happy and peaceful, even though things were still so tumultuous. Remembering how crazy things have been makes dealing with the current crazy a little easier. So right now I'm hot, and bored, and ready to go. I'm ready to swim, to see my sister and my parents, to go to IKEA. I'm ready to get out of town. Have a great weekend.

 You know what, life? Fuck you. No, really. Thinking about taking a break from blogging for a bit. I'm in a really weird place right now, and this isn't really the space to vent about it. So, yeah.

 urlLink From a quieter time - the two of us curled up in the papasan chair at the kids' house the night before Valentine's Day.&nbsp; urlLink

 I haven't blogged in earnest since the weekend, not since before urlLink Shawn was here. It's been crazy - spent the weekend with the kids, and spent the week since avoiding being home alone (aka with the computer). I'm eating bagels because that's pretty much all I have in my house that doesn't require cooking. I'm accumulating piles of dirty clothes, and pinching my pennies (or dollars). I'm taking smoke breaks and drinking coffee. I'm counting the days til the weekend, and the days of the weeks after that. I'm getting by. And in a not-so-small place, I'm missing urlLink him . Friday, as you know, I came home with Jen to find urlLink Shawn on my couch - he drove home from home (if that makes sense) to surprise me, to spend the weekend together. I felt a million things - excitement, relief, the anticipation of grief and his departure. I felt guilty because it meant Jen and I wouldn't get as much time together. But he kissed me and Jen took her meds and we were all OK. Friday night was dinner at Courier and urlLink Harry Potter with the kids, followed by coffee and pie. We went to bed early and laid awake with arms wrapped around each other, talking and laughing and kissing and (ahem) and sleeping so sweet. Saturday I opened at work - the kids came in to see me and had lunch on the patio while Jen tried to tan just one arm. Back home and I was an emotional wreck - overwhelmed, feeling guilty, tired, not ever wanting to feel as lonely as I felt earlier in the week. I cried a lot. urlLink Shawn told me I wasn't allowed to freak out this time - that those were the conditions of the surprise visit. We had dinner at Za's and explored campus, including bumping into (almost literally) a friend's wedding reception. Back home and we got snippy because I was tired of making all the plans and no one else seemed to have an opinion. I made a plan, and urlLink Shawn hung back to apologize and to make sure I was OK. We played a rawther fabulous round of mini-golf, then ended up in the beer garden at urlLink Monkey for a while. Jen crashed on the couch, and we had another quiet, tender night of talking about everything and just enjoying being together. Sunday was hard. Stayed in bed until late, and he left after a late breakfast. I didn't ever want to let him go, but he was v sweet and comforting and kissed me and held my hand. I stood on the porch and watched him go. I was so glad he came, but politely requested that he not leave, break my heart, then come back again in two days. It would just be too much. Jen and I sat on the porch for a long time, then headed over to Crystal Lake park for adventures with the urlLink little red dude (the new travelling mascot). We were both reading urlLink Diary , so we sat there with our matching books for a while. Dinner at the kids', then watched a movie and crashed early. Monday Jen decided that she needed to head back early, so after my morning orientation we had lunch and she hit the road. Orientation was hella boring, and I was so frustrated. I knew it would be a long time before I got to do any actual work, but I guess I hoped I would learn something - ANYTHING - about my job, or at least get to do something other than stupid icebreaker games. Oh, and I learned about blood-borne pathogens. Thanks. Came home to a hot and empty apartment - the dishes from Sunday's meal still on the counter, my living room a mess, my bed lonely without him - and by the time I got off the bus I was in tears. urlLink Sarah made me snap out of it - had a bite to eat at her house, then went to visit Amity and to see urlLink Harry Potter again. I'm so grateful for her - I don't know how I would've survived without her gentle checkups the last week or so. Talked to urlLink Shawn twice - once right after work when I was tired and upset and incoherent - and once later, just before bed, sweet and relaxed. My bed is strange without him in it. Yesterday (Tuesday) I worked a double - training in the morning, a bit of filing in the afternoon when I showed up for work and no one was expecting me - then home for a bit and off to work. Both were super boring, but at least I got a chance to read. I wanted to call him so badly when I got home - just to hear his voice for a few minutes before sleep - but he went to Columbia yesterday, and I won't talk to him until tonight at the earliest. I passed out, so that was OK, and woke up exhausted this morning. Another double today - training this morning on things like Outlook, then random working this afternoon. Home for a bit, then on to work again. Might get to meet urlLink Jason today or tomorrow, which would be cool. Mainly I'm just looking forward to the weekend, to the end of an already-long work week, to another few days to mark off on the calendar. We're going home this weekend - swimming, Beef-a-Roo, just hanging out with Jen and the parentals, then IKEA on Sunday. It should be good, even if I'm hella broke. And emotionally I'm doing OK. I've had some really rough days, but I think that's as much being broke and hormonal and lonely and frustrated as anything. I can't say I don't miss him - can't say that all the other shit wouldn't be easier with him here - but again, I'm a big girl, and I have to learn to deal with my shit on my own. I love him so very much, but I can't love him as a means to make me OK. Right now, though, I need to eat something salty and head back to work. Five hours of strict observation (done by me, of course) lie ahead of me, and I couldn't be more underwhelmed.

 Answer the following questions in the comment box: 1. Who are you? 2. Have we ever met? 3. Give me a nickname and explain why you picked it. 4. Describe me in one word. 5. What reminds you of me? 6. If you could give me anything, what would it be? 7. Ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't? 8. Are you going to put this on your weblog and see what I say about you? 9. What do you love like a fat kid loves cake? 10. What makes you come back here? (survey found urlLink here ) I guess I'm having one of those days when I need to be told it's OK to not know what I want to do with my life. That it's OK to not have a career plan. That it's OK to feel shitty about coming home to an empty apartment. That it's OK to worry about money. That it's OK to miss him. That it's OK to be blase about a much-anticipated new job. That some days coming home and crying is totally normal.

 urlLink The boy and Gambit (with hat). I think this was from January sometime.&nbsp; urlLink

 urlLink A couple of recent photos of me and the boy. He left a little while ago, and it was really hard - but I'm surviving. Lots of tender kisses and assurances, and this time around I know I can do it without him. Plus Jen's here and that's making a world of difference. More soon. xo-e&nbsp; urlLink

 My surprise was waiting on the couch when I got home - urlLink Shawn drove the 4-or-so hours from Wellsville back to Champaign to spend the weekend with me (and urlLink Jen , down from Rockford). Lots of tears followed - and continue to follow. I'm thrilled that he's here, sad that I can't spend more time with him, sad that I can't spend more time with urlLink Jen , devastated because he has to leave tomorrow. I managed to rearrange my schedule so I can have the next two days off from urlLink Aroma , so at least I get to spend some time with urlLink Jen . urlLink Shawn 's going to leave tomorrow afternoon, though, and I don't know how I'm going to do it - how I'm going to say goodbye again. And I feel like I'm being a terrible hostess because I can't stop crying and because I had to work and because there's nothing to do.

 Some surreal stuff that I think I've glossed over because of the intensity of the last week. I've been so caught up in the anticipation of missing him, then missing him, that I haven't had a chance to just live, you know? Anyway, on to the randomness. Last Tuesday I closed at urlLink Aroma . I was out on the patio locking up the furniture and happened to look over into the Barfly patio. Sitting in the patio, to my great surprise , was Rachel Link! We met in third grade and graduated from the same high school. I hadn't seen her since graduation seven years ago - so it was a big and random surprise. Speaking of surprises, urlLink the boy sent me an e-card this morning promising a surprise when I get home from work. I'm hella intrigued. I did have a nice surprise at work this morning - Michelle got me Hello Kitty PJ pants, some caramel kisses, and jasmine incense. Yay for random last day pressies. But even more random was the email I got last Friday. For a number of years I was desperately in love with a guy named Scott. We met when I was 8 and he was 12 - his grandparents live next door to mine, and we would see each other every summer and on the breaks. As I got older, going to Davenport meant going to see Scott, though I nominally was with my grandparents. When I was 17 we started keeping in touch through letters and email - I had a letter from him nearly every Friday my freshman year of college. By that time, though, I was with someone, and he had a girlfriend as well. I didn't know the full extent of his feelings for me until the following summer, when everything reached a fever pitch and my relationship nearly ended over it. Six months later my relationship did end (over someone else), and Scott wrote to me to propose. His girlfriend found the letter, and I didn't hear about it until six months later, when my relationship had repaired itself and Scott was with someone new, a girl who was expecting their child. Since then we've fallen back into the old routine, seeing each other at holidays and such. Somewhere along the lines I got over him, but I always knew that I was the one for him - the Big One - the one he'd never get over. His grandmother told me that they always hoped the two of us would get together - and his stepmother said they never worried about him getting married because "[they] would wait for Elizabeth." So this week I got an email from him, the first time I'd heard from him since last summer. He said his life is shit - that the only thing keeping him going is his son - that he wishes he had the nerve to do what I did [leaving]. He then alluded to the earlier proposal, ending with "just wondering." So what do you say to that? I was totally taken aback. I thought about it all weekend, then replied as tactfully as I could. I told him about my new life, about urlLink Shawn , about how happy I am. I told him that I did remember his proposal and that while it's sweet to think about how we once felt about each other, I'm a very different person now. I will always care about him, but that relationship never could work - never would work. Oh, and urlLink Shawn and urlLink Sarah said I couldn't marry him because he has terrible grammar. This week has been relatively uneventful, those weird things aside. Wednesday night I was supposed to have curry with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah but was called in to work instead. urlLink Sarah came in to see me, and left a food surprise in my fridge at home. On my walk home I passed a couple of coworkers at urlLink Monkey , so I stopped and had a drink with them. Yesterday was mainly quiet - work, then the doctor's office and new birth control. I talked to urlLink Shawn for a long time, did some dishes, watched tv, and read in bed. I finished urlLink Ghost World and thought about calling urlLink Shawn before sleep, but the line was busy and I fell asleep with the phone in my hand. I miss him terribly, but I'm surviving.

 A couple of brief notes while I'm thinking about it: urlLink Aroma now has free wireless. Not sure if it will always be free, but it is right now. So more reasons to come visit me at work! We're thinking about going to urlLink Jupiter's Saturday night for pizza and pool. If you'd like to join us, urlLink gmail me. I have a giant pile of novels and graphic novels on my table for my June reading frenzy. Any other suggestions of free fun things to do to keep my mind off the blues?

 What's worse than loneliness? The anticipation of loneliness. What's worse than waking up alone? Knowing you'll do the same thing tomorrow. What's worse than working for the weekend? Working for a weekend that doesn't have him in it. But I'm doing OK. Yesterday was rough - really fucking rough. It's only recently that I've gotten used to spending single days without him, so each day will be a challenge in and of itself. But each day I will be stronger, and each day I will find myself more. I've had some practice at independence - I think the reason this is hitting me so hard is that this is the first chunk of time spent truly alone since my divorce. I was with my ex, then I was staying with Jen and/or my parents and spending the weekends with urlLink Shawn , then I was here and living alone but spending every weekend with him. And there have been days when he was gone, and we didn't see each other for part of the holidays, but days apart have been the exception rather than the rule for many months. It's a hard habit to break. But once my hysteria subsided, I started to find ways to get through the day. And that's how I'll do it. In the meantime, though, I have enacted a prohibition on anyone hugging me or touching me or asking me if I'm OK. I'm clearly not, but it's easier to pretend if I'm not asked.

 It is taking literally everything I have in me to not drive to his apartment, to not call him, to not beg him to stay. It's pathetic and it's ridiculous, but that's the way I'm feeling right now. He leaves today and I won't see him again until early July. This is the longest we've gone without seeing each other since this whole love affair began. And I know it will be OK and I know I can't freak out too much and I know he'll be back and I know I'll survive and I know this desperate, aching sadness will get better as the days go by. And he knows that I'm having a hard time of it, and he's been unbelievably sweet and tender the last couple of days. But right now my heart is aching, and there's nothing I can really do about that. Last night was so sweet, though. We grilled out in the park on my new fabbo grill, and played Trivial Pursuit with the kids. As soon as they left, I started crying, and he just held me. We went back to his place and sat on the couch wrapped up in each other and watched urlLink Ghost World . And when we went to bed and laid there talking in the dark, arms around each other, it felt like the first night I spent with him, the first night we were together, the first night in his bed and in his arms - that night when we fought off sleep to spend every moment together, because we knew our time together was desperately limited. And leaving this morning was so hard - so fucking hard - but I had to go to work, and that made it easier. And I cried a little and hugged him a lot, but I made it. And now I guess I'm surviving - trying to keep busy - trying to fight back the tears - trying to not talk about it and not think about it, mainly. And I'll go back to work, and then I'll work tonight, and then I'll take a sleeping pill. And I'll work tomorrow. And the next day. And one by one the days will tick by, and the month will pass, and I will learn how to live without him, and when he comes home it will be good. But for right now I just need to remember how to be. And that's really fucking hard.

 urlLink A photo which, while incomprehensible, says so much. It's Saturday and I have a lot on my mind, but not as much as this rabbit.&nbsp; urlLink

 i was talking to a moth the other evening he was trying to break into an electric light bulb and fry himself on the wires why do you fellows pull this stunt i asked him because it is the conventional thing for moths or why if that had been an uncovered candle instead of an electric light bulb you would now be a small unsightly cinder have you no sense plenty of it he answered but at times we get tired of using it we get bored with the routine and crave beauty and excitement fire is beautiful and we know that if we get too close it will kill us but what does that matter it is better to be happy for a moment and be burned up with beauty than to live a long time and be bored all the while so we wad all our life up into one little roll and then we shoot the roll that is what life is for it is better to be a part of beauty for one instant and then cease to exist than to exist forever and never be a part of beauty our attitude toward life is come easy go easy we are like human beings used to be before they became too civilized to enjoy themselves and before i could argue him out of his philosophy he went and immolated himself on a patent cigar lighter i do not agree with him myself i would rather have half the happiness and twice the longevity but at the same time i wish there was something i wanted as badly as he wanted to fry himself archy -- Don Marquis

 I have such a headache. urlLink The boy 's away for a couple of days, and I thought I'd get all kinds of good stuff done in my ample free time. Last night I returned Gambit, tonight I took my car in, tomorrow I will do something fun with urlLink Sarah . I need to pack, I need to revise my CV, I need to blog about all the books I've been reading. I need to write letters, and I need to do laundry. Instead I will drink a cider and watch the convention, then go to bed early again. I feel like there's all these things I should talk about, but somehow it's not coming. I want to explain the swell of patriotism I have felt while listening to the convention. I want to tell you what it felt like returning my cat last night, driving down the empty highway alone on a dusky summer night. I want to tell you about the vignette in urlLink Box Office Poison that nearly made me cry in the middle of Subway on Tuesday. I want you to understand why it's so important to me to leave on my lunch breaks, and why spending $1.63 on coffee at 10:30 is better than just making another pot. I want to explain why working in a hospital is fascinating and strange, even though I don't practice medicine by any stretch of the imagination. I want you to know that I am equal parts excited and deeply sad about my upcoming move. I want you to understand the me that I am right now, the mosaic of all these little pieces, the girl with the bare feet and muted television, thinking about macaroni and cheese and her boy on a Thursday night.

 I'll have you know that I'm the first match on urlLink Yahoo and the second on urlLink Google for the following search: the terrible miss e Tonight I'm returning Gambit. More later as I'll have lots of time to contemplate my soon-to-be-cat-free life in the car to and from the rendezvous point. *sigh*

 Hey Medicare? FUCK YOU. No, seriously. urlLink Medicare Plans to Cut Pay for Cancer Drugs addendum: Yes, I know our health care system in general takes great pleasure in fucking everyone - patients and physicians. This one just hit closer to home and as I now have a more than passing knowledge of how Medicare works, it's really, really making me angry.

 I'm really lonely right now. Not in general - just this instant, this afternoon. I'm sure it's a stuck-in-the-spider-hole sort of funk, and that it will lift tonight when the kids come for Meat Night - but right now I'm feeling pretty blah. I'm trying not to whinge too much about my emotional state here, but sometimes it's the only way I know to express myself. *sigh* On the bright side, I had a really good meeting with an assistant dean from the urlLink GSLIS program. It turns out he is a fellow graduate of urlLink Rockford College , so that can't hurt my application any. He told me a lot about the program, answered most of my questions, and made me feel more certain about my (lack of) academic direction. Now I just have to come up with a knock-your-socks-off application. Unfortunately, though, I won't be able to take classes in the fall. That's probably OK because I couldn't really afford the tuition money - but it's still disappointing. My supervisor cited phone coverage and fairness to my coworkers who are conscientious to schedule course work outside working hours as her reasons for declining my request for schedule flexibility. I understand - but seriously, whatever .

 Tonight I'm feeling profoundly sad. Sad about the state of our government, the lies that have fueled this administration, the lack of real alternatives. Sad about the things propagated in the name of God, of freedom, of democracy. Sad about the future. I realize all times have aspects of uncertainty. I realize that the future isn't always bright. My parents were in college during Vietnam - not much younger than I am now. I wonder if this is the future they saw for their children. I wonder what kind of future my children will have - if my daughter will be 24 and feeling this kind of sadness for her future, for her country. I wonder what it means to be American these days.

 Today: 1. urlLink A big ol' post on the urlLink book club page . 2. Breakfast on the patio at urlLink LePeep with urlLink my favorite boy . 3. Late-night battles with insomnia that didn't see me really get to sleep until almost 6am, following an Ambien. 4. Some cat news - changing homes, changing plans - things seem to be working themselves out, but they're still up in the air. Poor catballs. I bet they're as tired of moving as I am. 5. Mentally thumbing through the IKEA catalog and getting ideas for the new apartment. Limited storage space = some interesting challenges. 6. Coffee, blogging, and fly-infestation at Green Street - it's too nice outside to be in, but the flies are about to drive me there. Tonight I'm headed to the fair with urlLink Sarah . Today marks ten years since we met - her family moved in next door, and after many years of praying for a female friend in the neighborhood, it seemed my prayers were answered. The whole gang of us neighborhood kids invited urlLink Sarah and her brother out for baseball (and, later, ice cream). I think she was a little overwhelmed. See urlLink last year's post for more backstory. I'm so grateful for her presence in my life - I seriously wouldn't have survived the last year, much less the last ten, without her.

 A lot of things on my mind that I can't seem to really wrap words around, so here's a small list: I read today that despite the spread of nuclear power, in 1984 only 13% of our nation's power came from nuclear plants. That made me wonder if electricity is cheaper in this area because of the concentration of nuclear plants in the northern Illinois region. No real point to that pondering - just wondering. I wonder what the new urlLink Manchurian Candidate will be like. urlLink Shawn and I watched the urlLink original spread out over last night and today (because, yes, I fell asleep). I found it disturbingly visionary, and just generally great, despite Frank Sinatra's excessing sweating. I finished urlLink Chuck Palahniuk 's urlLink Stranger than Fiction , which included observations from his research as well as personal essays and portraits of various people (including Juliette Lewis and Marilyn Manson). More to come on the urlLink book club page , but suffice to say that this book was thoughtful and odd - and ultimately proves that he can do the wonderfully introspective just as well as the hella crazy. I really think Alan Lightman's urlLink Dance for Two is a lot of what Bill Bryson's urlLink A Short History of Nearly Everything wanted to be. I think I've worked out my position on death. It's somewhat similar to my position on heights. I understand death and its eventuality as a concept, and am fine with that, but that doesn't mean I'm ready for it personally. On the other hand, though, I wonder at the industry we've made of prolonging life at all costs. This morning I read in bed while urlLink Shawn slept for a while. The reading lamp shone on his blond hair, and it was like all kinds of cliches - a pool of gold, radiating a holy light, etc. It just made me smile.

 Yeah, I changed the template again. I liked the old one, but it just didn't seem right. I'm not a pink kind of girl, really. It's freaking gorgeous out today, but I'm feeling uneasy for some reason. I've spent the last couple of days mulling over whether or not it would be a good thing to go back on medication. This is a hard thing for me to consider because I HATED the way I felt while medicated - but my mood swings weren't as violent, and I didn't have the kinds of crushing lows I seem to have all the time of late. It's hard to separate the person I was while medicated from all the changes that were going on in my life - getting ready for a job change, a move, changing relationships. It was a hard time, but I felt OK because I had hope. I don't want to go back on medication with the thought that it will give me hope, or buoy me, or make my life easier. Those are false expectations. I don't know what to expect. Things to think about, I guess. On the bright side, I've discovered the wonder that is urlLink KCRW and urlLink Morning Becomes Eclectic . Give 'em a listen, kids.

 From urlLink lancearthur.com : Being in a relationship takes time, energy, patience and coordination. You don't fall into it, you work your way into it. A relationship isn't your most comfortable pair of flannel pajamas going in, it's the tightest pair of jeans you've ever bought, but once you get into them you look damned good and want to keep them on forever. wow.

 A few things I've learned at and about work: My health insurance is shit. I can only go to doctors that are "owned" by our hospital. I can only fill prescriptions written by doctors "owned" by our hospital. I can't get in to see a specialist until I have a primary doctor (again, "owned" by our hospital), and even then it will take months. Oh, and my birth control isn't covered. Each day I have approximately one hour in which I want to throw things at the wall and just walk out. So far I've restrained myself and have instead gone for coffee. This will work out as long as I have $1.63 to spend on stress relief. We park in the fairgrounds behind the hospital complex. Next week is the fair, so instead of parking near work and walking four blocks, we have to park at the mall - and not the one that's close by, the one that is 5-10 minutes in the opposite direction for me. I will be taking the bus. My coworker is really nice, but really, really , really fucking loud. Loud to the point where I can hear her laughing in the lobby. Loud to the point where automated voice-response numbers will pick up her voice rather than mine when the mouthpiece is against my face. I like her, but for fuck's sake, it's like she never learned about the "indoor voice". I feel bad checking my email at work, but for the amount of time that other people spend just fucking around, talking on the phone, repeating the same inane stories - really, I'm much more productive. I can not do this for more than a year. OK, enough whinging. The couple of days have been decent - avoiding the heat whenever possible, reading a lot, spending quiet time with urlLink Shawn and girl time with urlLink Sarah and urlLink Hannah today at lunch. I thought about a rush trip home this weekend to see Diva Kate and to return the errant cat, but I've heard nothing from Kate, so Gambit will have to wait another few days. Mainly I'm just hoping for peace.

 Last night we watched urlLink Tom and Viv , which was great. I'm afraid we were terrible about it, though, and had a terrific time mocking the characters because we knew how it would work out. The best line perhaps ever spoken in a pseudo-biographical film about literary figures from the 1920s: "She [Virginia Woolf] refers to me as a bag of ferrets!" Kudos to Willem Dafoe for reining in the crazy, though. He was a v dapper and swank TS. I have sangria parties and tangled up clothing on too-small couches on the brain today - nice things to remember on a summer's morning. Today promises to be long, with lots of reports to work before a break. I might have to go take a cigarette break in a few - my concentration is shot, and I mainly just want to take a nap. Mmm, nap.

 urlLink Wow. Seriously, wow. If only we all had enough money to urlLink ridiculously spoil our pets . In other news, I was not miraculously accepted to the English department. I'm in talks with my supervisor to see if taking classes as a non-degree student is a feasible option. If possible, I might take one class in the fall. It's not much, it won't count towards anything until I'm admitted, and it will cost money - but it's something, a start, a way to keep my brain from turning into ice cream until I can actually get in somewhere. Other stuff - working on a few reviews for the urlLink book club site . Getting incredibly fucking sick of "lite rock," including terrible covers of otherwise good songs (see urlLink Shawn 's urlLink post on this subject from last week) (PS if you have any to add to that list, please comment here!). Tonight I have some things to do, but then I'm hoping for some quiet time with urlLink Shawn . I would say things seem to be calming down, but the last time I did that they exploded again. Perhaps the dull chaotic roar is the best I can hope for right now.

 How am I? &nbsp; Physically?&nbsp; I'm kind of a mess.&nbsp; I'm not really eating or sleeping much.&nbsp; It's not that I don't want to - I'm tired all the time and I really do enjoy eating - but when I try to eat, I get full really quickly and nauseous if I continue to eat what I know is a normal portion.&nbsp; Exception to the rule seems to be chips and salsa.&nbsp; I try to go to bed at a decent hour - but then I either lay awake, or do this weird sleep thing where I wake up every 30-45 minutes convinced that I haven't actually been asleep.&nbsp; I got 8-10 solid hours of sleep at Shawn's Friday night, which was some kind of miracle, but today I was awake early again (thanks, people picking up yard waste). &nbsp; Emotionally?&nbsp; Again, a mixed bag.&nbsp; Some days are really good, some days are really low.&nbsp; Some days are in between.&nbsp; Things seem to be mellowing out a bit with work and relationships and such, but I'm still up and down - just a little more in control.&nbsp; I think the biggest Agent Of Evil is boredom, really.&nbsp; I long for summers off, but I know it wouldn't be a good thing for me emotionally.&nbsp; I'm not a workaholic, but I definitely deal better with the rest of life when I'm working. &nbsp; Financially?&nbsp; Good, actually.&nbsp; Well, I spent $40 on underwear today which I probably should've saved, but things are pretty stable for me right now, money-wise.&nbsp; It's a good feeling.&nbsp; I still have bills and such - but I'm on top of them, so that's a good thing.&nbsp; I still owe money to my lawyer, but that'll be paid off in a couple of weeks when I get my deposit back.&nbsp; Definitely still living paycheck-to-paycheck, but am hoping that'll change a bit. &nbsp; Professionally?&nbsp; Job sucks, but what are you going to do?&nbsp; There's a couple of things on the horizon that I'm thinking about, but nothing really worth mentioning - just some changing around that might lead to opportunities worth considering.&nbsp; Not sure what's up with UIUC, but I've made it my goal to have my GSLIS application out by early August.&nbsp; I'm dying to get into school, but am feeling strangely dispassionate about the whole thing right now, which means that I've continued to stall. &nbsp; So it's kind of a mixed bag, but I'm getting by.&nbsp; I've been reading a lot, which is good, but challenging as well.&nbsp; I rode my bike yesterday and today.&nbsp; Tonight we went out for sushi with friends, which was fun.&nbsp; Gambit has been quite bad lately, and his neediness is just getting to be too much.&nbsp; It's looking very likely that Nate will take him back, and I think that's probably the best thing for all of us, though I will miss my boy cat.&nbsp; This week I mainly work at the hospital, and it is my friends anniversary with Sarah on Sunday - ten years.&nbsp; Shawn and I had a nice night together Friday, and I got to wake up with him the last two days.&nbsp; Life is a curious thing, friends.

 Last night I had a glimpse of a possibility I had ruled out.&nbsp; Sarah emailed me as I was getting ready to leave for work to tell me that the English department was trying to reach me but had lost my file (thanks, guys, really makes me feel significant).&nbsp; Of course my mind raced through a hundred possibilities as I walked through the park and stood behind the counter at work - classes in the fall, teaching, getting out of my job, moving forward, a reason to be here beyond my friendships and relationships. What would I do if they called me today and said they could take me after all?&nbsp; I don't know.

 I've learned a few things about relationships in the last couple of weeks. I have learned that while you can't choose who you love, you do choose to love. Every day you remain in a relationship, you choose to do so. It's not like I wake up every morning and say "I choose to be with Shawn, and I choose to love Shawn" - but those are unconscious, perhaps subconscious, choices I make - choosing to honor my feelings for him, choosing to recognize his feelings for me, choosing to honor the love and commitment we have for each other. Things have been really hard lately, but I continue to choose to love him, to be with him, and to work on our relationship. I've also learned that I need to worry more about me and less about "us." Which doesn't mean that I won't worry - just that I've been conditioned to put my relationship first, then my partner, then myself - with the exception of my overly dramatic emotions, which disregard all forms of reason. That's so unhealthy, but that's the way I've been for a long, long time, and it's hard to break out of those patterns. But I'm trying. My friend Kevin said one of the wisest things I've heard about relationships in a long, long time. "the older i get, the more it strikes me that commited relationships have less to do with similarities between two people, and more to do with the fact that you're both on the same page at the same time, and both suddenly willing to say "OK, I'm ready to grow in the same direction as you now." I think that's amazing, and admirable, and everything I want.

 Does anyone want a loving but needy orange cat who has recently developed (or started displaying) some all-too-familiar bad habits?

 Last night was the night I needed a week ago. I did my runnings around, then he suggested coffee and reading. We went to the Espresso on Goodwin and sat with our coffee and our books for an hour or two. We came back to my apartment and he rested for a while with his head in my lap and my hands in his hair. We lay in my bed and laughed about video games and bad movie trilogies. I took him home late, and smiled the whole way back. After a week of worry and stupidity and miscommunication, I think things are getting back to normal. Well, not normal necessarily - but good. It just feels right, having him here. And he can't be my center, but at the same time I can't help the way I feel when he's next to me - and I think that's really OK. We're listening to David Gray in the spider hole this morning. I forgot my training manuals in the car, but it's OK. I'm drinking coffee and longing for sunshine. There are a lot of things kicking around in my head these days - possibilities, work, dreams, school, frustrations, life. Some things I'm going to keep for myself for now. I've always been an odd combination of private and open - if you don't know me, I'm fairly unreadable - but if you do, my whole life is an open book. This blog is sort of the culmination of those two things - many of you don't know me at all - yet you know all these intimate and private things about me that I wouldn't - or couldn't - tell a person face to face unless they really knew me. It's been said too too often, but blogs create an artificial sense of intimacy and knowledge - you feel like you're a part of a stranger's life. I guess since I'm so retarded at interpersonal communication, this really is the ultimate medium for me. But not everything is for you, and I think you understand that. :)

 i don't really know where i am tonight. just kind of waiting, i guess. i feel pretty tentative, and like there's something on the tip of my tongue that i need to say but can't quite get out. and somehow writing all in lower case helps get that across? i don't know. a nice quiet day. spent a lot of time bumming around online this afternoon, then had lunch and some reading at paradiso and dinner with the kids. tried to help jen figure out her boy problems. we ordered a pizza online and got a confirmation call-back saying they had no mushrooms within about a minute of placing the order. i don't know. i just feel weird right now. my face is all screwed up into a mask of skepticism, and i guess i'll just have to wait for this one to pass. all i know is that weird is better than sad.

 Today is a better day. Yesterday I was feeling restless and worthless and just needed to go. I got in the car and drove to Rockford, where I intended to spend the weekend. Instead after spending time with the family and seeing an old friend, I turned around and drove back to Champaign at 1am. Driving home in the pitch black night with one broken headlight, drinking my coffee and listening to music - I felt free. I thought and sang and watched for deer. I felt a small and silent companionship with the cars that drove alongside me for a while - other people who had places to be or just needed the road in the night. Going home was a good thing - and in some ways felt like running away. But there's nothing wrong with needing to just go sometimes - and needing to find your feet in places where you know there's stable footing. I had a drink with an ex last night - we dated when I was 18, the cause of the first end of my previous relationship. A lot of hurt, and a lot of years before we could be friends. I think I needed that conversation - to talk to someone with a very unique perspective on me, my life, what it's like to love and be loved by me. Good to know that the residue of hurt has washed away, and we can be friends now, and talk about everything under the sun. Good to know that the people from my past understand the person I am now. He told me a kick-ass new pirate joke, and I left feeling at peace about a lot of things. Shawn's gone home for a couple of days, which I think and hope will be a good thing for him. I feel like he needs some time and space - and I hope this helps. I've had a couple of conversations that have caused me to reevaluate what I've been doing here, and the ways that the things I write can be misconstrued. I guess I didn't realize that talking about happiness could be misinterpreted as a reminder of pain - or that talking about desires can be turned around to disappointment. I've tried to be completely honest and as up-front as I can be here - but I think I've neglected to temper that with an awareness of what you, the reader, bring to this page. My fears play on your fears, my needs on your needs, my joys on your joys and disappointments. I'm not going to apologize for my words, and I'm not going to stop talking about my feelings - but things may change around here a little bit, and I wanted you to know.

 I guess it's OK to talk about your feelings - but only if they're good ones. I guess it's OK to pour out your heart and soul and fears to other people - but not when you're really hurting, and not when real things are on the line. I guess it's OK to talk about your personal life - but not when it upsets people you don't really know. I guess there's a fine line between being open and honest - and writing the things that people are comfortable reading.

 This has been such a strange week. So many ups and downs, hurts and joys. One minute I'm sobbing, and the next I'm laughing. Yesterday summed all those things up. Crying in the middle of the night, random hurt messages, a flurry of emails, resignation, lunch. And then the afternoon and a long serious email from Shawn, setting some things straight and mainly telling me to snap out of my funk. I felt better, felt more sensible, and realized that I was being ridiculous in many ways. I had sushi with Michelle at Kamakura, and apple ice cream out of an apple. Shawn came over later and we had some nice moments alone. He and I went with Hannah out to Allerton to surprise Sarah for her birthday and it felt like last fall, like the long afternoons of drinking tea and reading and listening to music and working. The three of us sang along with the radio and rode in silence. Sarah was delighted and surprised, and we stayed with her in her little window until she got off work. On the drive home, another low. Well, not a low, but more excitement. About fifteen minutes outside of Champaign I hit a deer. I saw it with enough time to slam on my brakes, but I still caught him (her?). My headlamp is smashed up and my hood is bent, but I'm OK and my car still runs. Shawn said the deer got up and jumped off the road, so I assume it's hurt but still alive. I'm so glad I had him with me. And then sweet moments at my place - we read on the couch with the cat, and when it was time to go to bed, he tucked me in. We talked about the weekend - he may go home for a couple of days - and we made plans for tonight. I went to sleep with a sweet smile and the memory of his kiss. One moment I'm full of worry, and the next I'm filled with joy. This life is so strange at times, but it is mostly a very good one. I have wonderful friends, and a boy who loves me. I have a job, and some dreams. I struggle so much to find my place, but sometimes I turn a corner and it's right in front of me. We'll see what's around the next bend.

 he came home last night. he came home and it was passionate and wonderful and odd and familiar. we laid in bed and talked - we read on the porch - we listened to music and just were. i stayed with him, and felt him beside me in sleep. some things will take time. in some ways i feel like we're where we were when he left a month ago; in others, a lot has changed. i'm looking forward to spending my summer getting to know him all over again.

 really struggling this morning to keep my head above water. i'm exhausted and overwhelmed and stuck in this spider hole with two other people, both of whom are nice but one has an awful and loud voice. my head hurts and i just want to curl up in a ball and cry. i felt the dark haze settling in this morning - the haze of depression, of frustration, of having to go back to work after a long weekend. i so don't want to be here.

 i'm feeling so many things at once - tired, awake, happy, frustrated, patriotic, conflicted, uncertain, loved, alone. i just wish i could find my place.

 a year later the facts can't hurt us. i don't believe in love at first sight, but i'm starting to question that. i don't know how else to explain it. and it wasn't really first sight - we'd met before - but this time i couldn't meet his eyes, i couldn't maintain eye contact. it was friendly and flirtatious - taking shots with sarah before the party, the three of us moving around the (tiny) kitchen together. and then we were drunk and i couldn't let go of his hand. i took care of him when he was sick, and i spent the night on the tiny couch in his arms, twisted together in contortions impossible to duplicate sober. i think i was already falling when he sweetly kissed me goodbye. and then there were emails and instant messages and phone calls late late late into the night. and a week later i made out with someone else and, though there were no promises and he'd just spent half a week with an ex-with-benefits, i felt like i needed to tell him nothing happened. and a week later i was in his arms, in his bed, holding his hand and crying because i didn't know what was going to happen, and i didn't know how to be without him. it was heartbreakingly perfect - the conversation, the sex, the connection, everything. we helped our friends move, and slept for a little while together, him holding me, before i had to return home. and then there was a month of darkness, in which i struggled under the dark haze of depression, not sure what to do, not sure what the right decision was or for whom i was making the decision. he asked nothing of me. and i broke two hearts in that month, and lost many others. and then there was a chance again. and i remember sitting in the papasan chair one of those weekends and listening to music and drinking tea and being with friends and crying because i was so impossibly happy, and because this life was all i'd ever wanted. and then i moved and this life became mine - and he became a part of my life instead of just a longed-for thing that seemed so far off. and time has passed and in rereading my blog i've remembered things i forgot - like waking up together in the loft at matt's on new years, me reaching out to say good morning clad only in a sheet, and him pulling me back to him, saying "she's mine." my perfect birthday - dinner and ludo and feeling so beautiful and loved and going home with him. one night when it was just assumed that i was going home with him after a night at our friends' - and how it's been that way ever since. walking hand in hand in the fog after the movie that made me cry. seeing damien and then going to neo and wanting - needing - each other so badly. the weekend he came home to see me, lying in bed that night talking about everything - faith, religion, politics, art, the future, what happens if i get pregnant - talking about a "we," an "us." not making plans but talking in a way that suggests a "together" i never dreamed possible. half-drunk sex the night before he left again, and falling asleep exhausted in his arms. and now he comes home in three days after a month away and i'm feeling so many things - excitement, longing, the finally-abating ache of loneliness, confidence in my self-sufficiency, some worries i can't articulate - but mainly longing and love and - terrified. that first night he explained the difference between afraid, scared, and terrified - the latter including both fear and excitement - i was terrified that first night in his bed, that first night with him - and i'm terrified again, awaiting his return. it's been almost a year. that first night i couldn't imagine that it was possible to love him any more than i did at that exact moment. a year later i can't imagine the same.

 i want you to know me to need me smile when i call your name i want you to never look at anyone else this way so strange this something we have between us and it's not fair if you've never loved this way anything, anywhere i would give everything i own away always i will sing picturing you singing back to me i want you to know that i will always have you no matter if never physically in my arms again this love is like mercury splitting off endlessly every time i try to nail it down anything, anywhere i would give everything i own away always i will sing picturing you singing right back to me too bad the best love hurts so much but it's so good yes the best love hurts so much anything, anywhere i would give everything i own away always i will sing picturing you singing right back to me

 tonight was free food with former coworkers - open bar, sub-par pizza, lots of laughter after a few drinks. my table varied in age from 18-25, gay and straight, single and married. after a vodka cranberry and two vodka martinis came home tired, tipsy, and a little dazed and sad. why are people so lax? just because i'm not married to my boy doesn't mean i'm not utterly committed to him. my friend said "but someday you'll be sixty and you'll be like 'what if?'". i said "there are no what ifs worth losing what i have." it's early, and i'm tired, and i wish he were here. i wish people would just understand.

 Thanks be to Warner Brothers, who just upped the Harry Potter hotness factor tenfold by casting urlLink Ralph Fiennes as He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named in urlLink Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire . Hot hot hot. It is not, however, hot here. The highs are in the mid-70s, and this is the kind of weather that I wish would never end - warmer at mid-day when the sun is bright, and cool in the evening when it's time to curl up in sleep. I hope the weather holds through moving weekend. Another weird night of sleep and not-sleep - I went to bed early, then got a long distance wrong-number call at 12:30, the second this week. For some reason that shook me, so I got up and thought I'd just check my email and chill online until I calmed down. It turns out that I forgot to pay the cable bill last month and while I was planning on paying it on payday tomorrow, that wasn't early enough to keep them from turning my service off sometime between 10:30pm-12:30am. But of course I didn't know that at 12:30, and so those two odd events, together with the nighttime anxiety of the last couple of days, left me with a vague something I couldn't shake. I talked to urlLink Shawn for a few minutes, which was nice, both because he's good at the inanities that calm me down and because I love hearing his voice before bed - but I still tossed and turned until at least 3. Stupid not-sleep. So tonight I'm going to continue with the packing, but I may have to go play outside for a while. urlLink Laura is here visiting urlLink Shawn for a day or two, so I'm on my own for entertainment. So much to do - but the thought of packing is enough to make me really sad. I might go to a movie instead. Hooray for direct deposit and having money again.

 This is the kind of girl I am: At one point tonight I was half in, half out of a dumpster in search of good boxes. The kind of girl I am has no qualms about getting dirty in search of quality free stuff. I have made significant in-roads in this packing business. That doesn't mean I'm anywhere close to being ready, but the piles of boxes are, well, piling up and making me quite sad. The girl that I am is terrible at goodbyes (in case you hadn't guessed), and beloved places are extra hard, even if she knows she can come back. Today I sent a difficult email - difficult because it meant standing up and asking for the things I need. The kind of girl I am needs to display backbone on occasion, but is afraid to do so. Tonight I really wanted ice cream, and with $1.31 in my pocket and $3 something in my checking account, my options were limited. I ordered a frosty from Wendy's - $1.61 - but when I handed the woman my debit card and laughed about having to charge it when I had $1.31, she took my change instead. The kind of girl I am loves random acts of kindness, especially when they mean ice cream.

 There was a great booming storm last night, the kind that will wake you from a dead sleep. I wanted to sit up and watch it, but my sleep had been weird already - to bed at 11:30, back up at midnight until 12:45, then the sneaking suspicion that someone was in my apartment, only to remember the uneven bookcase and the way it shifts without provocation. Last night was $1 sushi at Kamakura. We sat on the floor in the coatroom reading our books as what seemed like half of C-U crowded in - then had our $12 worth of super tasty sushi. What a great idea! $1 sushi should be every day - or at least once a month. A few movies of last - last night was urlLink Vertigo . I haven't seen many Hitchcock films, but it was immediately apparent that the references to this one are everywhere. Over the weekend I finished urlLink Frida , which was very good, and we watched urlLink Pitch Black , which afforded Vin Diesel the chance to speak some amazing lines and generally display his hotness. This weekend was urlLink Sara 's sangria party. By the time I got there the sangria was all but gone, but it seemed like everyone had a terrific time. I had some sangria-soaked grapes and did some bouncy dancing, which is always a good time. urlLink Shawn looked majorly hot, but then I'm a little biased. :) Mainly right now I'm feeling a little isolated - like I'm wrapped in a big thick layer of blankets or insulation - and this layer is cutting me off from being able to really know what I need or want. So if I seem a little distant or odd these days, that's a big part of it.

 A year ago today I woke up at 6am and couldn't stop crying. I frantically called all the numbers I had for Sarah until I reached her, then threw some stuff in the car and drove to Champaign. I hid out here for a day with good friends who tried to make me laugh and eat - I sat up half the night with urlLink Shawn - and in the morning we helped our friends move to their new house, and I went home. It was the beginning of the end of my relationship, and the beginning of the beginning of my new life. Yesterday I picked up a book on depression just in passing. I flipped open to a self-test, and when I answered yes to all the questions - change in appetite/sleep habits, unexplainable anxiety, feelings of isolation, periods of deep sadness - it just confirmed what I already knew. In comparison to last year I'm much better off - last year's was a complete breakdown, where I couldn't function, couldn't sleep, couldn't do anything except cry and question. This time around I at least know what's making me feel like this, even if I'm not much better at dealing with it - and the people around me know that it's something I struggle with, and they're supporting me. This is the kind of day I had yesterday: I deposited all my tip-out money from the weekend to make sure my checking account was OK, only to have to turn around and pull out $21.95 (with the service charge) to put 50c worth of air in my flat tire at the third gas station with no free air. And then I came home alone. Finally I asserted my need to getthefuckout, and went to urlLink Shawn 's for a while, where he plied me with coffee and cookies and sweetness. I hope today is better.

 Thinking about blogging. Sarah is taking hers down - she is quitting personal blogging. She says it has caused her more hurt than good, that it has allowed - no, enabled - her to be weak and whiney and that she's through with it. About six weeks ago I started another blog - a private one - for this express purpose. I needed somewhere to write that wasn't easily accessible, yet was available to me anywhere (which is one of the appeals of blogging for me - I don't have to tote around a journal or my laptop - I can get at it anywhere the Interweb is available). I wanted a place where I could write about EVERYTHING - all the hurts and fears and weaknesses and private joys and dilemmas and conflicts. I should've known better, though. The last time I had a "private" blog it was wonderful - wonderful - while it lasted, but when it came up on the wrong person's browser, all hell broke loose. This time around the only hell that's broken loose is in me. Instead of giving me a place to write about my secrets, it gave me a place to whine. All those whiney and broken and needy posts from here - the private blog was worse. It was the blog of someone I don't want to know . So today I took it offline. I don't need any encouragement or license to be needy. I don't need any encouragement to be angry. Sometimes I will be those things - angry, hurt, needy, whiney, depressed - but those are things to deal with and move on, not wallow in. There were a lot of good things this weekend, and I will post about them later, but for at least part of the weekend I was in a terrific haze of self-loathing. I've been on my new birth control for two months now and I'm starting to notice that the PMS I get now is worse than the PMS on the pill - and that realization is helping me deal with this periodic loathing. Saturday I was depressed, I was self-defeating, I was disgusting myself with my weakness. And you know what? I need to fucking snap out of it. I can choose to be happy, or I can allow myself to be lame. Which doesn't mean I'll be happy all or most or even half the time - but it's worth trying.

