 urlLink Shomer-Tec Catalog 2003

 So there I was... Lets just say, things got rocky between Elena and I. She was saying shit about not trusting me and some other happy horseshit that just pissed me off. Needless to say, I have not talked to her since then. Granted that is all of 2 days, but hey, ya gotta start somewhere. To add to that, I decided to go and hang with some other friends. We went to a couple different places and ended back at the club she works at (Club Name: Your Club)... No big deal right... wrong... Here is the situation: I get ticked off at Elena, I go to another bar to hang with the other friends... I get there and there is Stephanie... yup... uh oh #1. I have occasionally chatted with this chick on a few instances. Nothing big really, except me, 2 other friends and Steph had gone out earlier in the day to have lunch. Dudes... It almost felt like a setup. So anyway... back to the bar scene. We are hanging at this one, then get bored and go to another then ended up at Your Club. Yes, this is the club that I DJ at as well. So what impression do you think was taken by Elena? Yup, you probably guessed it, she thought that I went off to find another chick. At least that is how I took it when she glared at me when I walked in with Steph. Well, this probably would have gone over somewhat more decently until I got glared at while we were dancing. First just regular dancing, then a slow song came on and she asked me to dance with her. Well, we all know Eddie enough to dance with a chick when she asks. (Unless this bitch is ugly and then Eddie avoids it like the plague.) Well, Steph ain't ugly, so there ya go. More glares. Then, after I was pretty well toasted after too many drinks, Steph said it was time to go. We went... right passed Elena and out the door. I am assuming this probably did not go well either, since I was leaving with a chick and didn't say goodbye. So, there is another blown relationship in the world of Eddie. No huge suprise to me and I doubt it is to y'all either. I am not really upset about this though. A lot of ups and downs and too much fucking drama. I guess I am getting a bit tainted being over here, because I think the old Eddie would have been a a bit more distrought about the whole situation. Well... FIDO. Eddie

 First, thanks for the b-day wishes. Second....you don't read a damn thing on this blog because if you did you would know that we would like to have your email address! What's up with getting back online but never seeing you on Yahoo or getting your damn email? Things must be back to normal. Good luck on your TDY. Slut. ST

 Happy birthday mike. How does it feel to be old? I finally get my chance to go TDY for Northern Air Cargo. Im going to Barrow for about 2 weeks. And o boy am i excited. NAC is hauling fuel for one of the oil companies to and from Barrow so they need a few of us to make sure the DC-6 stays in one piece.

 as well worse as it is so beautiful, or perhaps I will not test as much

 Oh no say doe che, for Maria, oh no say doe che, you found a muscle. A tribute oh, to the muscle, oh no say doe che, for a reason! Sad faster, canned yourself. I am definately breathing, it's a terrible reason. Wrecking itself. Well gentlemen, now that the SRB for the first term 1C5 slicks has dropped to a 2, there seems to be a new factor to consider in my decision quest. I am of the mind that I can find a job that pisses me off anywhere, and with almost no icing on the cake now, I'm thinking "Elsewhere" is where I'll be seeking my future employment. And if I have to pay for the medical and dental insurance out of pocket, so be it. Speaking of Sobe, have you guys tried the Lava flavor yet? It's strawberry daquri flavored. I gustoed one yesterday, finished it off in less than 5 minutes. I had a pretty bad tummy ache afterwards, but it was wonderful. ...taking you with me... I'll be getting my WT Tanker pre-eval tomorrow. Monday should be my eval. I'll be happy to be out of training (again). As for the irresponsibility of the A1C, I'll be writing an enormous MFR today at work. I'll post parts of it here so you guys can share my pain.... since you asked for it. ST - Happy Day to you. Eddie - What hours are your mid-shifts. I'd like to see if I can call you before you go into work. When would be a good time? Double O - Like Eddie said, where the Fuji are you? Gents - Looking forward to seeing you all again, whenever those times come... Peace and Love, Mungo de doe che Song of the day: Pinback - "Tres"

 I don't know which home on the range this is. Oh well. We made it home and the trailer is up on base just waiting for July 4th. Boy, do I have the camping bug now! WOO WOO! I got off of work over 3 hours early on Fri because they were expecting winds to "delay" getting home so they figured it was better to get everyone out early rather than 2-4 hours late! So, we were able to get on the road early which allowed us to get to camp and set up while it was still sunny out. Good stuff. We did a few hikes and just generally relaxed. On Sat we deciced to go out and find some geocaches outside the park so we all piled in the truck along with Tahoe (in the back). After some good off roading we found where they were located and set out hiking to find them. Two of the caches were just okay but the hike to the third one was great. We also discovered that Tahoe must have been a mountain goat in a previous life! He was running all over the desert like a wild dog...up and down the steep rocks! When we found the cache he was worn out so he decided to lay down and take in the view. Tahoe plopped down right on the edge of a cliff with his snout hanging over the edge! The drop was at least 50 feet straight down and there is my dog just chilling and taking in the scenery...too funny. For most of the weekend we just relaxed and visited with Chris, Aimee, Brooklyn and Walker. The weather couldn't have been better and the fires couldn't have smelled better. Yes, folks, the outdoors pretty much rocks balls. ST out.

 I am better now. I got some sleep and at least have calmed down. I will explain sometime later why I was pissed, but not right now. Later

 Fuck this place, fuck all the people here. I have six fucking months left and I am tired of the bullshit. By the way... Mungo... it is Mookie... not Moe. not related to to the rest of the topic. Fuck OSAN and fuck its existance.

 I wish there was actually shit to blog. I will think of shit as I go I guess. I have softball practice in about 2 hours. Sunday morning, 9 am. I picked this time since it is the least likely to have people using the field. I have actually been waiting for it. I like to play. Went out the past couple nights. Primarily just shooting pool, since there ain't a whole hell lot else to do. I am getting good. Oldfart is still better than me, and will be for a long time, but I am definately better than I was 6 months ago. I get beat by other people mainly because I fuck up, not because they are better. We have gotten a fan basis while we play now. There are these Phillipino chicks that have begun to enjoy watching us play. Distracting as hell because a couple of them are pretty cute. This is saying a lot since I am not a huge fan of most Phillipino chicks. But these ones do not hurt the eyes to look at. I talked to Elena last night. That went pretty well. She is doing alright, not great, but alright. I miss the hell out of her. Almost as much as I miss L and my bro's. I wonder if ST is wearing that gay ass yellow special olympics shirt saying "It's Memorial Day."? He is probably having a blast right now. I wish I were there to enjoy the festivities. Mungo should be having a good time too right now. He probably hooked up with some chick that he met at Koots and then went "Hey Hillary, this is Jenny, Oh, I'm sorry, is this your best friend?" he he he... We went to some "Memorial Day Bash" yesterday. It sucked. Oldshit and I worked at a stand for about 30 minutes, then wandered around aimlessly for a few minutes and then bailed. They had live music, but it blew goat nuts. Some chick wearing MC Hammer pants with a couple others mixed in. There was an actual band there that sounded pretty good for the 2 minutes that we heard of them while we were waiting for the free round trip tickets to the US drawing. Neither one of us won. Time to go drink more coffee and fuck around for a while. Dueces Eddie

 Okay slobs, I am blogging for the last time until Mon night. Unlike Mungo, who said he wasn't blogging for two weeks, I won't be near a computer. NO BLOGGY HERE! We have all the camping hook ups. Steaks one night, smores and all the other goodies. I will be trying a new camping treat...pies. Usually, you get a pie iron (like an iron square clam shell with long handles) then you place a piece of bread on one side. Next, you put some pie filling on the bread and top it with the other piece of bread. Close the iron, cut off any edges hanging out and cook over the fire. Well, I am going to use some big ole butter flavored biscuits instead of bread...mmmmm, good. We are even taking Tahoe with us on this trip. He has been to Zion once before and was well behaved so he gets to go again. He will also go on some 4x4 trails outside the park with us to find some geocaches. I think Mungo would LOVE geocaching!!! I know Eddie will when he gets back. I don't think 007 would ever go. Oldfluff might like it too. The downside to this trip...the weather forecast is predicted up to 40mph winds tomorrow. You want some seat of the pants fun? Pull a 10,000 pound, 11 feet tall and 30 feet long trailer in winds hitting 40mph! Woo Woo...okay no WOO WOO here. It will suck and it will be reality. I will just go slow and become religious really fast as the wind hits the trailer's side and we just change lanes...or end up on the shoulder. That is the fun part...where and when will we move up to 8 feet sideways? Just hope no one is there or that the shoulder is nice and wide! WOO WOO! I am rambling now. I am dead tired so it is off to the shower with me then to bed...later. Until Monday, ST

 I was up at 0600 this morning to wash the trailer, roof and all. It gets really dusty sitting in a dirt lot for months at a time. The inside is next. I am off of work today so I could go to a commander's call this morning. Nice. Now I am off to get the trailer ready to go! All this damn work just so I can go and have some fun! WOO WOO. Later guys. I will try and blog more later if I'm not too busy. Tommorow I get up at 0300 go to work and get home around 1415 and jump in the truck and go. I am taking Eddie's car to work so I can hook up the truck tonight. ST out.

 Mungo, we want to hear all about your experiences getting ass raped by a bear out in the woods while camping. OK, so maybe just the fun shit you did. I read the last blog by ST and it put a smile on my face. The reason it did this is because Beck said it made her miss me more. I miss y'all too and I have just over 6 months left. When will our camping trip be? I hope to hell Elena likes it. Otherwise I will have to blow off yet another wife to go camping with the bro. he he he... I think she will. It is not really like we are roughing it out there. Oh, Mungo, I got the Morris' confused. The one that is there is Mo not Mookie. Either way, tell him I said hi and get his bitch ass back to work. Later Eddie

 We were 10 hours late getting in to Anchorage. But we made it. We rented a car (pimpin a white Kia Rio) and we haven't slept yet. Timo, Double O, and Mungo are zombies today... Bubbles is at work. We're headed out to a camp ground in about an hour. Double Bubble gets off work in 30 minutes... making the run down to Cooper's Landing. I'm at Bermudez's hizous, just BSin' until it's time to peace. Haven't even called Hillary yet and we won't be back in town until Friday night. Lissy is a beautiful little girl and she said my name today, "Momo." So sweet. Pimpin the Rio, Mungo

 Sorry I didn't call you back Eddie! I got side tracked at work. Hope all is well with you. We went and got the trailer today. Walking into it got me in the mood to go camping bigtime! WOO WOO! I am going to be busy getting it ready to go! Beck, said that being in the trailer mader her miss you more. She also said that Elena had better like camping or there is going to be some ass kicking! Okay, so I added the last part of that sentence but she really did say Elena had better like it! ST out

 I just couldn't let tuesday go by without a blog on it. Even though it is Wednesday here. ST called me this morning... I went to sleep about 2 hours prior so I didn't have much of a clue of what was going on. He said he would call me back. Maybe he will, maybe he won't. Mungo is in AK now, hopefully living it up. WOO WOO for Mungo. Eddie

 Bubbles has a computer. Mungo will check in sometime during his trip to the great AK. If not then good on him for having fun! Woo Woo! ST

 I'll be off the computer for two weeks. No phone calls, no e-mail, and sadly, no Blogginz. Timo and I are out of here. Peace out, My Homies. Mungo

 Mungo, Tell Mookie I said hi. He knows nothing of my relationship. Keep it that way for right now. Word moves to quickly and I don't feel like completely publicising it to the unit right now. Not that I am ashamed of it in any way, just don't feel like having extra fingers in the potato chips. Whatever the hell that means. Plus, he really liked her. Have a good time in AK. I wish I could talk to Hillary right now. I know what I would say... Well, actually, I don't know what I would say, but I am sure I could always think of something if the opportunity arrised. ST, Bummer about the little hog. At least it is not your big hog. Something needs to tow your fat ass around when it is not firmly planted in the F-250 Superduty V-10. Though I appreciate it when we go on camping trips. I have talked to the Oldman about going on some camping trips when we get back. I think he is in on it for atleast a couple times. His trips will be like mine coming from Mt Hell. We can meet up though and caravan from there. It would be nice if he fucking blogged more too. Speaking of camping... I have to remember to ask Elena what she thinks of camping. This has not been something that has come up in our conversations yet. Though, the style of camping we do is pretty good, so it shouldn't be too big of a deal. I think it may feel real crowded though in the mornings when we are all waking up and triping over kids. Though we have had quite a few rugrats in there at any given time and it was not bad at all. It just gets bad when there are 10 people inside and you just want to sit back and relax and people just annoy the shit out of you. Though that happens when I am at home and there are more than 5 people that don't live there invading my house for whatever reason. OK, so I just don't like having a shitload of people around. I am in the middle of my shift. I am on pager right now and have to go back in about 1.5 hours to do changeover. Then I get to come home and go to bed. Have a fun and safe trip Mungo. Peace out Eddie

 http://www.weather.com/weather/local/99506?lswe=99506&lwsa=WeatherLocalUndeclared

 I agree with you Mike. I don't want to go to AlAskA with any dark shadows. The weather will be bad enough when we get there. I just want to go up and have a good time. Get to chill with Double O for a few days and have a great time hiking and camping. I don't want anything to ruin my trip, especially Hillary. I will be seeing her tomorrow night, though. I just hope we can be good to each other and keep the nasty stuff out. Kevin Swaidek got to Florida on Saturday. I got to hang out with him, that was cool. Cathy Harcrow is here, Tommy Haycraft is at Hurlbert Field, and Mark Morris is back from Korea. So strange. People coming back like the dead. E-Peace, Mungo Song of the day: Elliot Smith - "Waltz #1"

 I can't have that! So here it is. Mungo, I hope you get your brain better soon. Maybe it just needs to go outside to pee or something. Take it for a walk. Hopefully your AK trip will go well and Hillary isn't a dark shadow in your mind the whole trip. Jill will just have to get better with time. It's hard but, unfortunately, it is a crappy part of life. No, that isn't supposed to make you feel better, nothing can right now. Go have fun in AK, she would want that. So today, no one wanted to blog, huh? Okay, that's cool. I can take up the slack since that is what friends do, right? Beck and I went and looked at open houses that are for sale around us. Man, the housing market here has gone up about 30% - 40% in just the last year. The national average is about 3% a year. Good news for us. We then tried to find a geocache but didn't have any luck. We will go back there soon and get it. I went for a ride on the quads and now Beck's is having some problems. It just dies while out riding. I think that may be an electrical problem. Off to the shop with them for some tune-ups and any warranty work that needs to be done. Oh well. I have to get up at 0400 so I am off to bed. Later guys. ST

 An attachment disorder is a mental and emotional condition which occurs when a child has little or no successful attachment to any one in the first years of life. Without this attachment, children start life with a failure to bond, a natural instinct of humans. This lack of bonding also leads to impairments of the biochemical developments of the brain (Hughes, 1997).

 I wasn't lying to Hillary the other day when I said I felt less. We spoke for fewer fury. I wasn't trying to form the discussion more simply. I really believe that the distance between us is more real than its been before. I got interested in someone, but keep to in one while if away, when the reality of the relationship came above between us. I selected her in one instant over Melody, when I was forced to make this decision although I'm under no illusions or miss-conceptions in where I stand with her (or where she stands with me). I love her. I miss her. I care about her. I know that this isn't everything I can do or say to make her see me differently. and that's wrong. But I said it because I wanted honesty with Hillary, I'm going see her the in a few days. You now know this much. I'm fighting as much as I can with bulletin hits. Jill is still in my head, EACH INDIVIDUAL DAY is fresh. Work keeps worse. All his circles, Ned and Mungo and Erik and Ricerick Song of the Day: Roger Waters - "Good Old Days" "You wake up in the morning get somehting for the pot wonder why the sun makes the rocks feel hot draw on walls eat get laid back in the good old days then some damn fool invents the wheel listen to the white walls squeel you spend all day looking for a parking spot nothing for the heart nothting pot forgive me father for i hv sin it was either me or him and a voice said "benny, you fucked the whole thing up benny your time is up"

 Mungo... Would you like to discuss with the group why you are so depressed? What led up to your depression? How do you feel about that? Yes...well...How do you think that you can get the upper hand on this depression and overcome it? Good good, keep going...yes..that's good. Dr. ST

 I came back from vacation, worked two days, and now it's the weekend. I work Monday, work Tues and overnight, have all day Wed and Thur off. I will then work on Fri and head out camping Fri afternoon. Why can't all work weeks be like this? Yep, we are heading out to Zion National Park next Friday and will come home on Monday. I love camping! Okay, today is Sat. Beck wants to go check out the garage sales around here so I will watch the kid while she goes. Not a bad deal since Beck let's me go ride the quads all the time. I think Ash and I will head out for a walk to Mickey D's for some beffest. I don't know what we are doing with the rest of the day but I am sure that we will figure it out. ST drooling for some Mc Griddles!

 OK so maybe not. Anyway, good on you Mungo for stepping in and being the adult in the situation. Did you ask the chick out again? Take advantage of the situation? he he he... Yes I think ST and I waould have stepped in relatively quickly. However, there was a time that I was the asshole getting pissed at the waitress. But if she was cute, I just dealt with it and made quick smartass remarks. On the other hand, this reminds me of a situation at Stoney's Desert Inn (The wanna-be VI of Mt Hell.) Similar thing going on, Lady bitching at a waitress really loudly the waitress tried to calm her down and was being polite. (A rarity at this joint) The lady didn't take the hint. I calmly walked over and asked the lady to calm down and sit or leave. She asked who the fuck I was to be getting into her business and at about that point is when I flashed the badge. She shut-up and sat down being quiet for the rest of the night. Ah, the fun you can have with people when you flash the star. I can't wait to get the fuck out and be a city cop. Yes ST, I do have a big head. Kinda goes with the territory. Funny thing is, it is totally opposite when it comes to dealing with chicks that are attractive. I usually fuck that up within the first 30 seconds. Ahh well, no biggy. I have a hot one now and that is all that matters on the female front. Unfortunately, she is in another shithole on this planet. Eddie

 Timo and I played a lot of pool tonight. Seriously. A LOT of pool. Then we went to Waffle House where a very angry woman started yelling at the witress. Yelling and yelling. I stood up and approached her and told her maybe she should go home. I said this because the other two employees (senior to the server) said NOTHING. When the angry woman started making threats (I will fucking whip your ass, Cracker! Suck my dick! Suck my daddy's dick! I will kill you bitch!) That's when Timo and I surrounded her and told her to leave until she did. We followed her to the parking lot until her friend took her away. Then we found the nice girl behind the building crying and we talked to her until she calmed down. Her boss came out at one point and Timo and I basically told him he was doing wrong by not stepping in. I asked this same waitress out last week. I got shot down, but I guess she was greatful to have some friendly faces around her tonight. I think we helped her feel better. But I feel like an ass for not interviening sooner. The woman was insane with anger. I wish Eddie and ST had been there. That would have been interesting. Neither of you two are as passive as I am! Peace and Love, Mungo

 Eddie, you have a big head. I am not saying you don't deserve it, just that you have a big head. Rock on my brother. ST

 I will watch my back. But he had better watch his then too. My reputation can carry me a lot further than his. Thanks for the heads up. I will watch my troops backs too.

 Lt Hild is a FUCKING ASSHOLE. That cheesedick mofrappe is a head hunter, he has some kind of twisted distain for jr enlisted troops. He does't give a goddam about people and doesn't care if he randomly shits on them. Mungo

 I read the blog from where I last posted then up. I get confused if I read out of order. Mungo, women are the devil. Why we still get attatched I don't know, but we do. Bro, you have worked through all of your other relationship difficulties, so I know that you can work through this one too. We are always there to be the sounding board. On a different note, my team shot a 67 today on the course. We were in second place by one stroke. (I said stroke.) I drove one over 300 yards today. It was actually around 315. I love my new driver. My shots off the tee definately carried us for 75% of the time. Yes I am bragging. To add to the ego... Lt Hild, (Mungo probably knows him) a new AWO here is talking to another new Lt. (some goofy fucker that looks like the fly from our dorm days.) Anyway, Hild says to the Fly as I am walking by "You can learn a lot from this guy too." I said to him "You haven't even seen me control, have you? But your right" Hild says "No, but other people have told me you are one of the best in the squadron." This is probably a smart move since I can screw him over if I wanted to being his instructor. he he he.... Anyway, golf was good. Hail and Bail after at the squadron was good. Going out tonight. I have had a few beers lately, but am keeping it under control. Oldman has been helping with that. I will probably just have a couple tonight too. 007, good to see you back on here. Sorry about having a bitchy wife. It happens sometimes. Later peeps, Eddie

 Music is playing. Strange weird music. Which is appropriate. I am feeling strange and weird. I'm so depressed that I'm getting really ill. I feel terrible.

 So his name is Scott, huh? How did the conversation go and what is the verdict? Sorry to hear that everyone's suspicions were right. I am sticking to my advice. You need to make yourself happy right now and with you getting out soon you probably shouldn't be getting in any relationships other than friends. You don't want to make things more complicated. Good luck and keep us informed. ST

 How do you guys read the bloggers? I, for instance, open the blog page and immediately scroll down until I find my last post. I then read each post in order going up the page. How about you? ST

 Someone should have warned me before reading this blog! I would have sat down with a bottle of Captain and some Coke! Eddie, do you feel better now? I understand that you sometimes just have to vent and get it off your chest. I pretty much agree with what you said. As far as the drifting apart goes, that is a very real possibility. I don't think that it will happen though and the main reason I don't think that it will happen is because of the blog. I am actually addicted to getting on here and seeing what you guys have to say and what is going on with each of you (sort of that voyeuristic thing). More than that, though, is that I really like putting my thoughts into words and saving them for later. You know, like leftovers from a restaurant. I think that you guys are just as addicted and that addiction is what will keep us going. I know that I suck at calling people and rely on the computer for emails and the bloggie. If we stop keeping in touch then it will be a personal decision not to blog anymore or read up on what is happening with the blog. Okay I am starting to ramble. Mungo , when you threw out the "...I CALL DOUBLE O." comment I was kind of annoyed with you. I got over it pretty fast though (30 seconds or so). You are the best at calling all of us and I respect you enormously for that. It is better than I can do so I see where you are coming from with that comment. The argument to that comment is that the phone works both ways. I can't use that argument though since I don't call either. That is where the blog or even email come in handy. You can blog ANY time of the day when you have a few minutes. No worrying about when the other person is at home, eating dinner, getting freaky...whatever. I guess I am trying to say that I see both sides of the situation but would still like to see 007 on here more sharing so that in 10 years I will be able to look at the book I plan on making and remember. It is going to be like a photo album that you pull out later in life and look at. Read parts here and there or read the whole thing. I hope it comes out like I want it to. Oldshit , I hope that things are okay with you. From your recent blogs you sound like you aren't in you happy place right now. Discontent would be a good word to describe your bloggies. What is your brain telling you? Bubble O , I am always glad to see you on here. Yes, we give you a hard time because we love you! That sounds faggish but too bad. We like to hear about what is going on with you. Look at some of our blogs...some of them are just what we ate for dinner and what it looked like on the way out the next day! Just getting on here and throwing your two cents in is always appreciated. How is work going? Wife? Kid? House? Is the summer up there just amazing? Are you looking forward to Mungo coming up so you guys can snuggle? Okay, okay...point made. Oh yeah, don't forget to enable your profile by clicking on your name over on the right side of the page. Eddie , you know that we will always support you no matter what your decision is. We might give you a hard time but we are supporting you nevertheless. Okay, is the drama over? Are we happy yet? I am now that I vented. I will make a regular post here in a second. ST vented

 Greetings all, Sorry i have been away for a while, but after reading the blog i have come to a conclusion..... YOU GUYS LOVE ME!!!! I miss each and every one of yall. I havent been able to get time on the computer since i came back from Barrow. A contractor that works with me at nac doesnt have a car and I have been showing him around because it is summer and all. Everything is going very well here. Lissy is getting big. she will be 2 on june 9th. i will send a pic to you guys. J is still a pain in the ass, but what can i say. I have been sick for about 4 days now. I believe that it started with my first taste of alergy season. I have never had alergies before, so i dont know what that's all about. and of course about a week ago, i started excercising on a daily basis and cut back on smoking. I think the my body is rebelling. take it easy and be safe, Double O

 I talked to the girl. My newst most hated word is "Scott."

 In five days I'm flying to AlAskA with my friend, Timo. It is going to be a super vacation. It won't be no Dinny, but I guess the great outdoors of the last frontier will have to suffice. ST, I'm happy to hear your vacation was a blasto. It would have been nice if I could have made it down there, but alas. The money situation said no. There will be other days. And the other days will come in September. I can't tell you exactly when I'll be able to make it to Vegas. I'll go over it with Doubles when I see him next week. (that's so cool.) and I'll make sure he buys his ticket while I'm up there. No excuses then!! I played pool myself yesterday. I was supposed to go out with my friend, Kelly. She showed up, but only to tell me she was meeting two other people at a different bar. She asked me to go, but the other bar was too far away and I knew it would be too crowded and noisy. I've been getting ditched a lot lately. I'm getting really sick of it. Mungo Song of the Day: Built to Spill - "Else"

 So here I am, staying up late as hell so I can call back to the fucking east coast so I can try to get some answers on the paperwork hell. Well needless to say, it is beginning to use up a calling card like a mother fucker. OK, so I am exagerating a bit, but I am still frustrated because I keep getting different phone #'s to contact different offices and have to listen to fucking recordings for 10 minutes to get to the office that I think I needed and it really was not what I needed. UGH!!! Anywho, Mungo, ya know, I appologize that I can not make a phone call to y'all to talk often. That is what the fucking computer is for using yahoo messenger. It is more cost effective for me and I do not use any phone cards. Realize that even when I call y'all that I am still using a phone card even with DSN. It is a 60 min a month phone card that is free, but that can be used up quite quickly. By the way, I am not really sorry. There is a reason that ST started the blog. This is one of the main ones. We are all in different locations and this is the easiest way to stay in contact with one another. It takes 5 fucking minutes out of your day to jot something down or make a comment about what someone else said or asked. I guess 5 fucking minutes is too much to ask from people every couple days for bro's that mean the world to me and I would do anything possible I could do for them. Too much to ask? I think fucking not. Mungo, this was not meant to be a direct attack at you, however, you were the nearest target and the BVR bitchslap had to be made. OO could take the time to put something down at a minimum of once a week. He is one of my bro's and there is much love for him, but he is a fucking slacker when it comes to this. I still have my thoughts of why he doesn't blog, but fuck, throw that on here or tell you that when he talks to you. She can't be hovering around him 24/7/365 (this year 366.) I want to know what is going on in y'alls lives or else I wouldn't ask and I wouldn't tell you what is going on in mine. I like to hear about the kids, girlfriends, fuck buddies, whatever, just anything that is going on with you at any given time. This is when I need y'all the most. I am making a huge decision and am a billion miles away and I need your support. Yes, I have made up my mind and yes I am continuing on with my decision, but I still want you to be part of it. This is what worries me the most... I have no doubt in my mind that ST and I will continue to talk well past the years from now. I have doubts that I will be talking to Mungo, Oldman, and Bubbles. Here is why: Bubbles - OO does his own thing (which is cool) but just does not want us to know what the hell is going on most of the time. This I know, because you can all admit we have gotten different pieces of puzzles when we talked to him on the phone. Oh, And J doesn't like me. Mungo - you have the largest heart of all of us. You follow it blindly though most of the time. This in of itself is not always bad, but your heart goes to people without thinking of yourself first. This will mean making sacrafices for that person so they are the cornerstone. This is not bad either. I think the love of your life should be your cornerstone, but should not completely take you out of your happy place. I really don't know if this will make sense to you since I am wondering if it makes sense to me, but I know where my mind is tracking. Bottom line, Think of yourself first to make you happy, then worry about making others happy. Whatever that decision, so be it. Oldman - Oldman and I have gotten to be pretty good friends over the past 2 assignments. I consider him a friend that I can trust with almost anything. (sorry about the almost, but life is a bitch) He has helped me through shit when I just needed to get my mind off of the stresses in my life even if it meant pissing his wife off upon occasion because I just needed to get the fuck away from M before I or she made my life a living hell. He is there for me now more than ever, however, you are fixing to retire and where that takes you is not totally certain. More than likely it will be northern TX. TX is good, however, it is a hell of a drive from H-Town when I go to visit there. ST - ST and I are (in my opinion) closer than brothers. He is closer than anyone in my family and this is by choice. You can't choose your family, and trust me, I would not ask for my family to be any different. They are the most wonderful people in the world (with a few fucknuts mixed in, but I accept them anyway) You do choose your friends. We plan on living in the same area of the country (more than likely the same state.) ST is the one who's approval I value the most of any of us. Including mine at sometimes because I tend to be a bit more rash and he has got the level head most the time. Don't get too much of an ego though, you go nuts at stupid shit sometimes too. His wife actually likes me. Why? I don't know, but she does. This plays an important factor since I know what kind of hell it can be on a marriage when the wife does not like your best friend. Anyway, I am probably way off where I fucking started from in the first place and I have a tee time in 6.5 hours for a golf tournament. Bro's this was not meant to rag on anyone, just pointing out what I foresee in the future. Hopefully this does not happen and I sure as hope it does not happen in the next few years. But we have one that is drifting away from the pack that I am not confident will rejoin the formation without us goat-roping his ass. Just remember... YOU MY DAWGS!!!! Eddie

 Double O knows you're getting married, Eddie. I told him. Double O's kid, Lizzy, can say "Mungo." Sort of. She can look at pictures of me in a photo album, point at me, and say "Momo." She also knows me voice...because I CALL DOUBLE O. Peace and Love, Momo

 Take Eddie's running water away and the man freaks out. I must agree that 007 doesn't keep in touch in ANY way and that can be very annoying. Oh well so goes life. ST signing off PS. That Taco Bell that Beck brought home for lunch is sure putting up a stink! HA HA! Whew...

 SHREK 2 We just got back from taking Ashlee to see her very first movie in the theater. I think that she was more excited about getting her own popcorn than she was about the movie. She sat through the whole thing and had a great time. The movie is freaking hilarious! If you liked the first Shrek then this one is even better. ST out

 I wake up this morning (it is yesterday for y'all) and there is no fucking water. The good news is that it is only my dorm that has no water. OK, this is not good news. It sucks monkey balls. ST, good to hear that your trip went well and Ashlee was good for you. Terrible 2's are fun. Try going through it with a kid like mine though. You have a new respect for fatherhood. Lorelei was pretty good for the most part though. We both have good kids. Must have gotten that from their fathers. No promises on step-kids though, I didn't help to raise her any yet. Juliana sounds like a pretty good kid though. Just a typical 11 yr old. I wonder what OO's kid is like. I hope she is not like that blood sucking leach of a wife he has. Does he even know I am getting married? That mutha fucka needs to get his blog on. Anyway, Fuck it. His loss, not mine. Peace out Eddie

 Ford makes a Focus. Yes, Oldtimer, you should focus. Eddie is a bad influence and one should NEVER take his advice. Okay, his advice is usually good but he just doesn't follow it very often! Then again, I don't follow my advice either...shit...nevermind. Just follow Mungo's advice! There you go. Anytime you need advice, Oldfart, just ask us and we can figure anything out. Mungo, yes, I agree with the other two. You should make yourself happy on this one. Hillary is just playing games with you even if she doesn't see it. It sounds like having company is the same as dating. A woman will always tell you who she has over visiting unless it is someone that she likes but doesn't want to tell you about it. Date this new woman and see how that goes. New adventures for you. Eddie will end up getting married in Vegas. Sweet. Let me know when you want to start checking out the honeymoon suites at the hotels. Beck just walked in with Taco Bell. Later dudes. ST

 HOME! We got home at about 2230 last night. I will give the quickie version of events and will go on side rants when needed. Get in and hang on because this here is the wildest ride in the bloggerness. Well, I had a ton of crap written out and looked at it....it is only stuff that I would want to read. So, instead, I will just give a summary. The trip was a friggin blast! WOO WOO all the way baby. Ashlee was great...for a two year old that throws fits when she doesn't get what she wants. No, really, she was very good and she had a wonderful time. The Shades of Green Resort was just amazingly pretty and still smelled brand new! The View from the room was wonderful as well. We all had a wonderful time and I think it was one of the best vacations that I have even been on! It is really nice to be home and back in the swing of things (or at least trying to get back into the swing). For Memorial Day we are going camping at Zion National park with a bunch of folks...should be a good time as well. No Disney, but it will be fun. There isn't really anything super crazy that I need to blog about. We went to all four parks, Disneyworld, MGM Studios, Wild Animal Kingdom and Epcot Center. We drove to Tampa one day and to Daytona Beach another day. Ashlee has now walked in the Pacific, Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico...the has the oceans all covered and she is barely two! Okay, I have to go eat some beffast. Will blog more in a little while. Oh yeah, Mungo, you have every right to be mad at my ass. I put your number where I wouldn't forget it. When in Fl I tought that I had lost it and searched our luggage for it. On the way home I find it tucked away in my wallet. Sorry dude. I was hoping that you would call but you must have had a busy weekend. Sorry man. Let's firm up when you are going to get over to Vegas! When in Sept? ST out.

 Mungo's advice related to Kevin's problem: FOCUS, it can be done.

 How is it possible to lose your will to drink beer? I want to get buzzed (not drunk); just buzzed enough to fill good and forget about the stress in my life. I know that's the wrong reason to drink, so maybe that's why I'm torn. It's a struggle that so far I'm winning, but I don't know how long I can hold out! It makes it even more difficult wh E n a certain frien D D oesn't l I k E being bored and drags me downtown and forces me to take in all the eye candy (scantily clad and oh so hot russian chicks). I won't mention any names though :P Other than that things are blah with shades of gray. I'm outta here...gotta think about drinkin a beer...

 After not sleeping more than 4 hours since Thursday, I fell asleep after work on Monday. I slept from 1530 to 0605. Much needed. I don't have a single other thing to say. Peace and Love, Mungo

 Good to see Ned again. It has been a while. Hippy chicks are cool. I can remember this one hippy chick that I went to HS with. Her name is Grace. Grace was a straight up hottie. Thinking back on it, I should have dated her. Never did. Timing was bad. I knew she liked me though, but I was hung up on another chick that ended up being my fiance' about a year later. It is too fucking early here. I have not woken up this early to go to work in about 2 months. Time to drink coffee. Eddie out

 While you were finding right, I was finding left. A friend was with me, she found up and down. There was a hippie chick in front of us, she found some diagonals. Skate hard, retard, Ned

 Hillary and I are in the air. Please wish me luck in my future. I am on the verge of reenlistment once again. I can't seem to clear my head. No matter what I do. None of my thoughts have been plain, black and white, straight forward, or real. With a brain acting like mine is now, it's very hard to make decsions. ...well, carrying on with my sleepless tradition, I have not slept tonight. Wait, I take that back, I think I dozed off for 10 minutes around 12:15 a.m. Then a strange song came on and scared the shit out of me in my sleep. I haven't slept since. Wide awake, but in that state where the shaking starts and the bugs come out of my skin. I saw "Troy" last night. Song of the day: Atombombpocketknife - "Disconnect (No Respectable Sea)"

 9 Hours, eh? Lots of laundry or really slow machines? Kev and I went out last night. I had a couple Corona's and an OB. The OB tasted like shit, but the Corona's were good. That pretty much did me in for the night. ST is probably having a blast right now in Dinney World. He should have some interesting blogs when he gets back. My life is boring right now. I have no real reason to blog other than the page needs more shit on it so we can have a big book. Here is something though... I have convinced Elena to get married in the US. Unfortunately,this was a topic of debate. I told her I wanted to get married in the states and she was hesitant. She thought it would be easier to get the visa if we were already married. This however is not the truth. It is actually easier to get a fiance visa than it is an alien relative (not like the ones ST works with.) We also talked about Juliana coming over. We both want her to go with, but Juliana was hesitant since she is young and going to a totally different place. This is, however, a better option than staying Russia. I think she is mainly scared because she doesn't really know who the hell I am or what the hell to expect. This is understandable. So anyway, we will probably get married in Utah or Vegas. I have to see what she will want to do. Vegas is very attractive to people that have not been there before. However, I have been there so fucking much it has no draw to me at this point other than my dawg being there. (Beck and Ashlee too, didn't mean to not include them.) This will also give us some more time together before we get married. We have up to 90 days to get married when she gets to the US. More time one-on-one is always a good thing. Lets us figure out quirks and see if she can actually put up with my dumb ass. Lates my peeps

 It took me 9 hours to do all my laundry today. A Papa John's Pizza, a 2-liter of coke, a slice of carmel cheese cake, three movies, half a Padres/Cubs game, and a several rerun episodes of some 1970's crime drama later... my laundry was finished. It's now 1:13 a.m. and I have nothing left to do with my day. 15th and broke already, eh, Oldman? Was one of them Mark Morris by any chance? Peace and Love, Mungo

 So...Eddie and I walk into the Golden Gate club. We grab a seat and order our drinks. Two russian hotties walk in and sit down at the table next to us (the damn devil is tempting us again it think to myself). One was a tall blonde probably 6 foot, wearing black leather everything...she was damnnnnnn fine in every way. The other a brunette maybe 5'6, equally proportioned and equally heart-stopping. Damn. That's all I can say. Anyways...we're drinkin, takin in the eye candy and I hear this conversation taking place next to our table. These two dudes are standing in a small crowd next to our table, they're plastered and one says to the other...hey buy me a drink i got no more money. The other says...sorry man i'm busted too. Now, this in itself is not all that funny, but just being in Korea and being downtown on a regular basis can make one understand. The money can go quick! Too many damn fine chicks and not enough money to go around! I heard this conversation and couldn't hold back the laughter. Keep in mind this conversation took place on 15 May...yes 1 maybe 2 days after these guys got payed! Only in Korea! This is what it's all about. Livin it up in a foreign land...and damn are we havin fun! Oh, a few minutes after that this hot ass Korean sweety plops down beside me, turns on the smile and introduces herself. I was game since I had enough drinks in me. Turns out her name was Bora (not to be confused with boring) she was anything but. However, when I was approached about 10 minutes later and asked to buy her a juice (I declined). I had no intention of buying her a drink, I just wanted to talk :) Did I mention she was really fine? Argggggg!!! Korea, if you're not conflicted...you will be...it's only a matter of time!

 Eddie, Double O said the same thing. He said, "Sometimes I wish you'd play the asshole. You'd be good at it dude, because you're not one. I think you need to play an asshole this time and just do what makes you happy." So. That's 2 of 3 opinions from the people that matter most to me... hellswitit. When I wake up in the morning/afternoon, I'm driving over to Mel's house and I'm going to drag her out somewhere. THAT would make me happy. Time for Mungo to live it up. Time for Mungo to face them. Peace and Love, The One Who Is About To Live It Up Song of the day: Mungocult - "Time To Face Them (Thrice)"

 Mungo... do what you need to do. I got your back. But here are my words for what it's worth. You two are not dating. But you agreed to not see anyone until you saw eachother again to determine if you should be together or apart? This goes back to the "Why?" question. There is no commitment made, but you still won't see anybody else. And from what you said, she is just going out all the time and does not make the commitment to talk to you at the time that you had both set? FUCK THAT! But, you have always been a better person than I have. I am just an ass for the majority of the time. I do think you need to be selfish sometime. You are always concerned with other people (not a bad thing) but never take the time to make yourself happy. Anyway, I always got your back. Peace out

 Hillary and Mungo broke up. Mungo went on leave to Iowa and made plans for the future. Mungo also decided that he has spent too much time brooding over failed relationships and he wasn't going over board this time. So Mungo got interested in Melody White and got jobs in Iowa lined up for October. Then Hillary decided that she wanted to get back with Mungo , and Mungo made a deal with Hillary. The deal: not to make any decisions about each other either way until they could discuss it face to face. This meant no dating others, and no commiting to one another. Static flow. On the day the deal was made, it was 20 days before they would see each other. 8 days later Melody and Mungo went out with some friends and flirting happened. Then dancing and drinks happened. Then drunkeness happened. Then Melody invited Mungo to her house. Mungo remembered Hillary and said "No." Mungo got home and called Hillary. BUT! Hillary can't fucking talk to Mungo about all this because she had "company" waiting for her out on the couch. Mungo's heart was exploded by Hillary. Hillary called Mungo the next morning, but Mungo was on his way to work. Mungo said, "I'll call you at 10 p.m. my time, 7 p.m. your time." This was agreed. At work the next night, Mungo and Melody talked and smoothed things out from the night before. But before anything else is discussed, Melody found out that her father had been diagnosed with Spinal Menengitis and that her only uncle was going to die of psirisics in 3 months, so not much talking was done after she recieved her news. Which was understandable. Mungo called Hillary at the appointed time but she was in a dressing room at GAP talking to her friend Phoebe and some guy making bra cracks from the other side of the door. Hillary talked more to the other two than she talked to Mungo. Mungo got pissed and said, "Hillary, I'll just talk to you later." She said, "Okay. Well. I won't be home tonight. I'm going out." She made no attempt to supply another time. Mungo said, "Fine." She said, "Bye." Mungo hung up. Mungo got on the Blog and we're all caught up now. I'm mad. Really mad.

 Good on ya, Mungo... But why? I thouht that you and Hillary were taking a break. This means you have no commitment towards her and she has none to you. So... why? Or is the dating thing back on with her and I missed either subtle or flat out obvious clues? You said you were going to hang with her in AK but not bang with her. (I can rhyme too, kinda) It is way too mutha fuckin early here. I got home at 2300, fell asleep at 0330 and am back up at 0700. Gym time is at 0800. I did not get enough sleep. Eddie dazed and cornfused.

 My brothers and others. I said NO tonight. I said NO to Melody White. (I'm all about the rhymes) So I got home and called Hillary, for it was HER I said "no" for. I said, "No," because of Hillary and she said, "Well, I can't talk about this right now because I have company." WHO FEELS LIKE A BIGGER MOTHER FUCKING CHUMP THAN ME! fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mungo

 I spoke to Double O tonight... er... last night... what ever. I'm trying to plan my vacation. Sucks that I have to plan my vacation as if it were a TDY, but hey, I want to maximize this time for my friend Timo. We have two weeks and I want to squeeze in as much adventure as possible. I want to get him absolutely hooked on the Last Frontier. I am, and it's only fair that everyone should be so cruelly afflicted. Double O has some time off and right now it looks like he'd be able to come along on the charter if we can do it on either the 27th or 28th of May OR the 1st of June. Looking at the 2 week map that I've made, it would probably be best if we could do it on the 27th of May. That way, Double O and Hillary can come along. Anydangway, that would make five of us, Double O, Hillary, Timo, Mencken, and H-Bach. 27th is my first choice, 28th is a very close 2nd and then the 1st of June is my 3rd choice, but then Hillary probably couldn't come (her father is a fisherman, she knows what it's all about already). Other days that are open are: 29, 30 May, 5, 6 June... but then neither Double O nor Hillary would be able to attend. Which is fine, this is Timo's and Mungo's vacation. I'm really excited about this trip! Gettin' jittery. But I'll leave it at that. I'll script out a good intinerary for y'all before I leave. To make you jealous. Anyway, I've decided not to go into work until 1500 today either, and now it's 12:40 so that gives me almost two and half hours before I need to be anywhere. I think I'm going to go out into town and check on things down that way. You know, just to make sure they're still around. By "they" I mean "all the things in town." I've been working late shifts with Melody all week this week and last week. We cut up at work and then she flakes after work... she just never shows up. I guess Shawndra and her work out just fine as roomies. HOKAY! Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: The Paradox - "BubbRubb On Dat Booty"

 Unfortunately, I will not be a slut for the near future. I may be able to be a Blogger slut though. It is raining here. It sucks ass. It will probably rain tomorrow here too. I am listening to Adam Sandler. I now remember why I like listening to it. Why, you ask? Because it is funny as shit. Talked to Elena for a few tonight. She was tired so we only talked for about 5 minutes. Her daughters music recital is tomorrow. She said she would send me pictures. I have no idea of what relevance this really has to y'all, but I have nothing else to really talk about so I am just babbling. I figure that if no one else has blogged in a few hours, that it must be my turn to blog. This is neither logical nor relevant as well. I learned how to play "Happy Birthday" on the Bass. It is easy as hell and is a good thing to know... I think. Well, at least I can have that in the repatois' (sp? spell check doesn't know either) By the way, It is 1 am here and I am just sitting around doing jack shit. I don't go to work until 1500 so I figured I would just stay up for a while. I will probably revert to playing the PS2 or the bass. This was weird... Someone just called me. It was a Ruskie chick and I have no clue who the fuck it was. It was not Elena, I know that anyway. She hung up relatively quickly though. Wrong # I guess. Kinda odd that it just happened to be a Russian chick though. Anywho, I guess it is time for me to go smoke and then polish the bishop Here are some other funny ones for you... -spank the monkey -arc the ape -punch the munchkin -lop the lizard -grab the gopher -dangle the dolphin -wallop the whale -beat the meat -yank the yak -ravage the raven There are many more in my mind, however, I will leave you with my all time favorite. It is my favorite because it reminds me of a very interesting mid-shift in AK. It was just one of those nights. Here it is... Torque the Trout Dueces... Eddie out

 Good Night Everyone. BLOG on my sluts and ho's. Make me proud over the next 7-8 days while I am gone! Mungo, I will call you while in the land of humidity. ST signing off with the WOO WOO!

 ...that there couldn't be anymore WOO WOO! urlLink Strongbad goes WOO WOO! urlLink How about some Zoom Zip Woo? urlLink Get up on that Booty Bass WOO! Okay okay...enough WOO WOO!........................for now. ST WOO WOO!

 Looks like I am not the only one that finds the WOO WOO! absolutely hilarious! urlLink Click here for a big dose of WOO WOO! ST gots da WOO WOO!

 That was me that said that, not Mungo... Apparently the new style has made it difficult for ST to comprehend who is writing what. Flights with 2 year olds are fun and exciting... If all else fails, drug them. Trust me, this can be a good thing.

 I agree with you Mungo that I don't like the way you have to look at another page if you are responding to questions. I do like the over all new look of the blogger site though. Our blog page looked the same as before the switch but I wanted to change up the look since blogger changed theirs. Sign of the times. Eddie, you have always been able to change the date and time of the blog that you are creating. It was just harder to find in the old blog version. I don't like it because if you create a blog about something that happened a week ago and you date it for a week ago then people might not see it because it won't be at the top. Not too much going on here. I got home from work this morning and my internet took a dump on me while I was catching up on the blogorama. We are finishing up getting ready to go tomorrow. I am pretty excited for the trip except that I have to be on two flights with a two year old. All will be good...please, Lord, let it all be good! Beck's Mom is going in to surgery this afternoon. She is going to get some of her insides all tuned up and ready to go again. She will be in the hospital for 3 days then will be at our house for about two weeks to get better. Beck's sister is coming down from Utah to help out while we are in FL. I will blog more tonight before bed. I may even jump on Yahoo! if I have the time. ST

 Mungo, my friend, thank you for brining up a failed relationship in context with one that is not very old but going pretty good. I appreciate that. But to answer your question, Elena (note: spelling) calls me Eddie. And yes, she does know my real name is David. The "Old Man" (our new blogger) told her that. It is kind of funny how she pronounces it though... there is much emPHASis on the "ie" part of my name. Kinda cute. The fact that 99% of my friends (exception is one that was my friend in HS) call me Eddie. The ones that don't are usually bosses or idiots because they keep calling me Dave or David after I have told them to call me Eddie. Most of them fall into the boss catagory though. Did you know that you can change the "Blog Post Time" on the new system? I just found that out under the "More Post Options" tab. No worries, I don't plan on fucking with the blog times. Anyway, yes, she calls me Eddie. Eddie out

 Any new developments with you and Elana? Also, does she call you David and insist that everyone else calls you that too? I remember someone else who hated it when people called you Eddie... Peace and Love, Mungo

 I just finished a 4 mile run/walk. I completed it in 47 minutes and 15 seconds. Pretty crappy, but i'm going to try to do it at least once a week (I'd prefer twice) until I leave Florida. I don't have any goals other than to see the time drop a bit every time. Now I gotta go-a-shrower up and get back to work. As for the new Blog design, I think it's grood. I mean Good. And Great. Great and good. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Metallica - "Through the Never"

 This is definately a different style. Though, I have to bring up another page to refference previous blogs now for answering questions. But I like it anyway. Peace out Homies

 Dudes line up on my right for high-fives." Hillary and I chatted for two hours tonight. In fact, I got back from our payphone a few moments ago. (It's at the Smile Line on the corner of Ivy Road and Tyndall Parkway.) Not sure where things are heading with us, but it's obvious we both miss each other. We have agreed to see each other when I go on my leave to AlAskA in two weeks, but other than that, there have been no promises and there have been no assumptions. I'll tell y'all this much, I'm kinda nervous about the whole deal, deep inside I want nobody but her. I don't seem to get tired of her. As far as the thing with Mel goes... it felt good to have a face to face heart to heart with someone. And the fact that she's drop dead gorgeous didn't hurt things, neither did the heavy flirting... but the most important part was that somebody was listening to me. Sure, there may have been a slight pretense, but that is one hell of an exciting feeling: And you all know what I mean. It's that new car smell wrapped up in a girl. It's the unknown, the new waters. And when you're at that stage, that awkward stage where there are no existing problems , where you can invent a persona, there doesn't seem to be any limits. It's all bullshit, true, but for those few hours it's really nice. It's comfortable and uncomfortable at the same time, where the dichotomy of emotions don't wear you out, they energize you and excite you. But it's all bullshit. When I talk to Hillary there is warmth. There is trust. There is, yes, love. And that is more important than any fleeting feeling. I miss Hillary and I love her. We're not together right now, but a side of me (one of eight) is ever hopeful that things will return to the way they were, only stronger. But if I expect that to ever happen, I have to move to AlAskA as soon as possible. Absence may make the heart grow fonder, but distance allows the heart to wander. (I made that one up, you can quote me.) I have a JSS job offer at Elemndorf that starts at $45K. Should I submit a resume, or is a civilian contracting jobola too close to the Military I'm trying to separate myself from? Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Ultravox - "Viena"

 I am overnight tomorrow so I will blog on Tue night before we leave on our trippy. I am going to take my 7 days of vacation and not touch a computer. I should have plenty to write when I get home though. ST

 When I jumped on the bloggie I instantly liked the new look of the main pages. There are many new templates to choose from so I thought that I would update our page as well. What do you think of the look? I dig it but if there is mass revolt then I can change it...it will take a total revolt though! I am off to look for more new features. I think that I can put a little picture of to the left as well so we will have to come up with a picture. ST out.

 Ashlee let us sleep in until 0715 this morning...woo hoo! We jumped up took the dog for a walk around the block then decided we wanted some Starbucks. Threw the dog in the back of the truck and headed out to SB. Me: coffee, Beck: hot chocolate and Ashlee: chocolate milk. We dropped the dog off at the vet for a bath and nail trim (he is still there). When we got home I sprayed bug poison all around the outside of the house to kill the black widows and roaches that will be wanting to come in from the heat soon. I took a shower then vacuumed the whole house after which I proceeded to dust the whole house. I ate a piece of lemon cake for lunch and I am now blogging at 1330. Speaking of which...it is about time to go get the dog from the vet. Oh yeah and since it is mother's day I did give Beck her presents when we woke up. Three candle holders and a heart shaped necklace. It has been a busy day. Yesterday, we went to a going away BBQ for one of the guys from my shop. It was an okay time. Beck and I just hung out and watched Ashlee play on all the kids equipment. The person that was throwing the BBQ has a home day care so it was like a park for little kids in the backyard. Okay, I am actually going to go and get the dog now. Later guys. WELCOME KEVIN! Blog on brother. ST out.

 Welcome, Kevin! Whaddup. Welcome to the Von Blog Family. I'm not doing a damn thing today. I'm about to watch FARGO with my friend, Timo. He went canoeing yesterday, we both have sun burns. So we're staying inside, drinking beer, vegging infront of the tube. Peace and Love, Mungo.

 Thanks for inviting me to the Blog. I will do my best to post often to relay all of the exciting stuff that happens in my life. On second thought, there's no need to get kicked off the Blog so soon :P Well, I have a lot of catching up to do and hope you guys aren't as crazy as you used to be...we'll see...

 Kevin has now been invited to our blog. Lets hope he does not turn out to be another OO. Talking with ST was good. He pointed out the things that I had been thinking of. I thought more of them. It was just good to actually hear him say it. I think that he will like Elena. She is definately a blast to be around. Camping trips will be fun. ST, Beck, Ashlee, Me, Elena, Lorelei and Juliana. I am seeing a very packed trailer. Elena and I get the couch. Juliana can sleep on the top bunk and the other 2 can have the bottom bunk or the table. ST and Beck, of course, get the master suite... he he he. But the couch is mine and nobody will take it away from me or they will get shot. Dudes... this is gonna be a fun ride.... Eddie

 Well, I am sitting here talking with Eddie about getting married. Of course he has lost his mind but that is besides the point right now. Okay, I am behind him all the way. I understand that he has to make his own decision about this. He knows my concerns and undstands where I am coming from. If this is going to make him happy then it is the right thing to do. I AM HAPPY FOR YOU! WOO WOO! ST out

 I don't think that hurrying is a huge option. Lots of paperwork involved. I shot pool last night too. My game was extremely off though. Could not sink shit. Kevin asked if he could join our blog. This I think needs a 3/4ths vote in order to pass. (OO doesn't get much say, seeming how his bitch ass ain't ever on here.) If no is the answer, then so be it. No biggy to me. I am still waiting to see what ST is going to say. He has sent me an e-mail and an IM but has not posted anything on the blog or made comments through other means about it. This worries me. In other words, I am basically waiting for the BVR bitch-slap from him.

 I've been out at St. Andrew's Bay all day, hey, what can I say? I manned an Aid Booth for the triathalon. That was a blast, got lots of sun (I'm all red and brown). I'm probably going to the beach tomorrow for some sun again... but now, I'm going to bed. Tim and I stayed out until 3:30 a.m. drinking 10 pitchers of beer and shooting 20 games of pool. I won, 11-9, but I'm still behind in the long run, 57-53. Pretty tired now, I've been up since 6:20 a.m. Peace and Love, Mungo

 I've asked two girls to marry me, two of them said yes, then two of them said no. I've "fallen in love" way too many times to count. I'm not going to sit here and say, "Well, I only thought I was in love," because that is just a cop-out. When you love someone you know it. But that's all you know. You don't know the future, and though you trust the person you love, you don't KNOW their heart. All you can do is trust that the person you're with is being honest first with themselves, and then with you... and that comes from guarding each other's hearts (do you know what I mean by that?). There are no guarantees in life, but that's what makes life interesting, scary, fun, and fulfilling. Honestly, the reason I can keep on going with women is because I have learned that someone, out of nowhere, and at any time, can touch your life deeply, it just may not always happen with the best of circumstances (DISTANCE!). Eddie, you're 100% right. We will always be at your back no matter what. But when a woman is involved, we'll leave the KY at home... that's her job then. We can't help but to be a little jealous, but hey, thems the breaks. MUNGO'S ONE LINE OF ADVICE: Don't be in a huge hurry to merge your futures. Think. Pray. Decide. Good luck, Eddie. I'm glad you let us in on that. Keep on Tranglin' Mungo Song of the Day: The Mull Historical Society - "Instead"

 Mungo, you are just a bit disturbed. I am sure that you already know that but I just want to re-confirm it. I hope you don't plan on entertaining anyone or having a girlie friend over for dinner. HA. All is well with me. I went shopping for Mother's day today. We took the women out to a buffet (their choice so back off!) for dinner. It is hot here but by next week it should cool down a bit with a cold front coming in off the west coast. Orlando weather is looking pretty good for our trip. I am looking forward to that soooo much. Not looking forward to the flights though...yuck. ST out

 OK, dude... I can understand most of the shit you got rid of. But why on the dishes and silverware. Someone walks in your place and you have only 1 plate and 1 fork, you are going to look like a fucking hermit. Don't you ever have people over to eat or anything? I myself can tell you pretty much what I have just by looking around me in my one room pad. TV 2 computers (Laptop & Desktop) 2 camera's (The Elph and the Digital) a PS2 a phone w/ ans machine Bose entertainment system Bass Guitar w/ amp Sonicare Tooffer brush Braun self-cleaning razor Golf Clubs That pretty much sums up anything of value in my room. The only other things I own, Miranda has right now 2 Tables Entertainment Center Dresser Inflatable mattress (it has 3 tiers) This is obviously with the exception of my arsenal at ST's house along with my car. I am going to be getting a place and not having shit in it when I get to Utah. But my guns will be there. OK, I am hesitant telling this to y'all because I already know the reaction that I will get... Dudes... Elena asked me to marry her. Yes, Yes, I know what you are thinking now. And yes I have thought about those things as well. This includes the getting to the US to get out of Russia, the Damn mutha fucka you just got a divorce, and the I thought you were not ready for commitment, the logistics, and probably everything else. Lots of shit has gone through my mind. And all the answers are not there yet. Most of them, however, are. Here is the deallyo. ST caught on that I liked her more than I eluded to. Mungo probably had the feeling, but had his own woman issues to deal with. Bubbles was probably oblivious for 2 reasons, he doesn's check the fucking Blog and he just stays in his own happy land most the time anyway. Dudes, I love this chick. It was going DAMN well when it got abruptly stopped. I talk to her often on the phone still. I am debating whether to post and publish right now, just because I don't know if I want to know the reaction. I know that my Bro's are always willing to support my decisions no matter how off the wall they may be. I know this because you 3 are closer than my own family is to me. However, don't be gentile. Tell me what you think. By the way... I said yes.

 After a suety serious reduction of the amount of crap I have in my apartment, I proudly present the following data: 208 Books - Down from 350 483 Albums - Down from 594 103 Movies - Up from 102 1 dinner plate - Down from 6 1 bowl - Down from 5 1 fork - Down from 12 1 spoon - Down from 16 1 butter knife - Down from 9 7 glasses - Down from 32 1 orange handled knife - Even 1 iron - Down from 2 0 Diskmans - Down from 3 4 speakers - Down from 6 1 telephone - Down from 4 The majority of the redux has gone to Goodwill, Nikki Kerfien, FYE's used music, the trash, or the SEBL (Shitty Electronics Baseball League). More to come on the SEBL... ( BTW , Mike, if I sent you some video clippings of me and a few of my buddies playing a crude form of baseball, would you be able to compile that with a few good songs and make us a DVD collectors set of the SEBL World Series 2004? That would be great!) Peace and Love, Mungo

 I really hope my thermometer is reading the temperature wrong... cause if not, we's a pretty close to roast. I did trail stuff and the 1.5 run in the hot hot heat today. And the humidity is starting to flair pretty wicked. MUNGO

 Eddie: I can play "Come As You Are" on my acoustic guitar... but it sounds stupid because I'm trying to play the base line. Mike: A belated HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Ashlee. AOBTW, the video is mega jerky when I view it. The screen updates only once every 15 seconds, the WOO WOO audio is clear as a bell though! To address the question: "So Mungo, What did you post before on the POS apple?" I answer something like this -- I went back out to the one lane bridge in the country that night, it was 12midnight. (Directions: depart Osage on Hwy 9, take exit for the first town, drive through to the other end of that town to the only stop sign, turn right on T-64, drive 15 or 20 minutes until you see the carpet sign in the cow field and turn left on B-33, cross the Little Cedar River and turn right on the next gravel road, pull off onto the grass before the bridge, and read on to find out what happened there) I walked out to the bridge (crossing the Little Cedar River again) and took some deep breaths. Memories flooded in through each breath I inhaled. It was a remembrance vacuum night. The moon and his little dotty friends were the only things up in the sky. They had things to remember of their own. I smoked. Then I went to my car, got my camera, attached it to my new tripod, loaded a 400 ISO roll of Kodak color film inside, and took 24 timed-exposured pictures of the bridge. When that excitement was over done with through , I put my camera and tripod in the back seat, turned everything off, and walked back to the center of the bridge. I climbed up on one of the rails, climbed down below the bridge and sat over the river on an i-beam. I peed. I smoked. I remembered so many things about Jill. Until that night I had forgotten about THE ROPE. ( the rope: Jill's brother Ryan Alexander Westergard [raw] had afixed a 5 lb hook to the end of a yellow nylon tow rope. We would fasten the hook to the edge of the bridge, throw the rope over, and climb down the frozen river below and do things down there. We camped in the snow once, we even drove stakes into the ice! When we were done on the river, we would climb the rope and walk back to her house ). Then I climbed the dusty beams to the lane of the bridge, and decided to go higher. I climbed to the top of the arch over head. I laid down on my back and starred unblinkingly at the stars, and the waning moon said to me, "It is another evening in God's world." I remembered Jill Alexandria Westergard [jaw] and what she meant to me. I smoked. I talked to her. I said, "Revolutions do not happen on buffet tables, they happen in the reverse undertow, they happen on one-lane bridges." Then I sat up. Then, as that wild hair started to tickle me, I stood to my feet. Standing there on top of the bridge arcs, looking up and down from the Little Cedar River 60 feet down and up to Great Luna 230,600 miles above me, I began crying. Like a baby. It was the first time I cried for her. I could really feel her there, and she seemed to say, "Erik, you dumbass, before you loose your balance staring at the moon with watery eyes, maybe you should sit down... that water isn't deep enough to break your fall." So I sat down... for a very long time. I smoked several more cigarettes and wrote A POEM. ( a poem: You walk in slow motion And burned by the fire When your path of devotion Is a path of desire. Slow motion resonation mumble Slow motion destination trouble. ) After all that, I carefully climbed off the bridge, returned to my car, and drove to Charles City, Iowa (8 miles away). I rolled into the dead dead town and found the only place open... a filling station. I told elaborate lies to the lady behind the counter and drove back to Osage taking the long way. I jumped on the computer at 4:30 a.m., tried to Blog about the night, and lost it all. Now you know. And lastly, Mel isn't going to come over tonight. This is a long story. It's not all as nice as it seems. This is a problem, and his name is Jason. Jason is not an ass and there is nothing wrong with him... except that he's in love with Mel, and they work together at the same desk. They have some things to discuss. Mel and I are throwing a wine/lasagna/cheese/cracker party at her house on Friday. Only Shawndra, my friends Jenn and Tim, Mel and I will be there. It will be a good time. On Saturday I will be at St. Andrew's Bay to man an aid station for the Florida Triatholon. Then, that night, I'll be going to our squadron's Combat Dining In. I'm guaranteed to be one tired mofrappe that night, but I think I'm going to ask Mel to go to a movie with me anyway. Sunday I will sleep all fwigging day. Peace and Love, Tarzgo (http://www.homestarrunner.com/fhqwhgads.html) Song of the day: 90 Day Men - "Methodist"

 Eddie, your car is now full and washed. 210 miles on it...give or take 5 miles. It isn't running just right though...I thought for sure I could beat that Mustang Cobra off the line! There must be something wrong with you car dude...even my Mom thought we should have won that one. Oh well....where is that Ford Pinto at...I smoked that bastard! WOO WOO! Car is running fine. Tarzan + Mungo = Tarzgo Mungo + Tarzan = Mungzan ST out

 Sweet. Mungo's got a new girl. Always good to spice things up a bit. Just don't get her pregnant, but you can practice and that is still cool. Playing Tarzan, eh? I am thinking of a certain listerine comercial. he he he. ST, is the advice going towards me to with rolling with it? Just curious. DJ'ed last night. Rather boring night for Cinco-de-Mayo. But, I in Korea, not TX.

 Oh, Melody. Right. I'm home now, on lunch, at 6:03 p.m. I'm headed back to work tonight, workin' this swing shiftola. Mel is working late tonight as well. She's coming over after work tonight. I do like her. Yes. This is true. She may like me on some level too, and it's kind of exciting. But you're right, I am going to say, We're Just Friends. Because that's what we are. I don't want to get involved with someone this close to me leaving. I... probably.... will though. I worked in the woods for 4 hours today! I'm cut and scratched to hell. I haven't looked like this since after the Bird Ridge Memorial Day bike ride! I was pulling 100 foot thorny vines out of trees. Talk about hard work. I got to play Tarzan for a while though, I actually swung from one tree to another. That was cool as hell. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: The Promise Ring - "Red and Blue Jeans"

 You now have a new girlfriend. Forget about Hillary for awhile and enjoy the adventure of a new relationship. Yes yes, I know you are going to say that you are just friends but I can easily tell that you liike her and she likes you so just roll with it and see what happens. The End. ST WOO WOO!

 Home now. We talked for hours. We curled up on the couch and just talked and talked and talked our little hearts out. We poured so much of our hearts out...man, it has been a long time since I've been so open with somebody, it was fantastic. We're both working late again tomorrow and after work, around 11 or so, she's coming over to my place for some more talkage. That will be good. So refreshing. She made me happier tonight than I have been in a while. Seriously, our four hour talk did more good for me than my 9 days off of work last weekish. Pretty amazing. I'll shut up now. Mungo

 Yins.Sirs.Gents. Check it, mahomies. In a few minutes I'll be heading over to Melody White's house. She is easily the nicest girl in our squadron, the most fun, the first to laugh. And she's gorgeous. She has invited me over and it's almost 11p.m. I'm not so certain where this is leading, but it's a bit confusing with all these thoughts of Hillary runnin' through my head. I, of course, will be going over there anyway. Perhaps I'll post an update in a few hours. Perhaps tomorrow morning. We shall see. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Pretty Girls Make Graves - "Liquid Courage"

 Your car is not the brown cow. Dusty but not brown. Nope, no gas yet. Taking her to work on Thur for my ovn so I will gasser up on Fri just to put some fresh petrol in her. I still laugh out loud about the woo woo!. Beck thinks I am nuts. I just think that it is the funniest thing I have seen in one hell of a long time. I like it when he goes speeding off and almost hits a parked car right before he blows through the stop sign. Well, WOO WOO mutha fucka! WOO WOO! ST

 It is hovering in the mid 60's here right now creeping on the 70's. Spiders are starting to come out and everything is getting very green. I am DJing tonight at "Your Club." Should be fun. ST, I don't want to come back to a suprise WOO WOO on my car. That would not be cool. Funny as hell, until I got sick of the WOO WOO and then I would just rip my muffler off. I had a dream about mufflers last night... go figure. Suggestive dreaming. Speaking of my car, did you put gas in her yet? Is she still a pretty silver or is she now brown? So Mungo, What did you post before on the POS apple?

 urlLink WOO WOO!

 My truck was just reading 106 degrees. Yep...summertime, WOO WOO! ST sweating my balls off.

 It's late. It's early. What am I doing up so late? What am I doing up so early? I have to be at work in 5 hours. WOO WOO, I'll write more later. Here's something to occupy your time: urlLink www.asciibabes.com Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Yo La Tengo - "You Tore Me Down"

 urlLink I said WOO WOO mutha fucka! WOO WOO!

 Mr. Sunny is starting to wake up and show his face here in the land of idiots. What happens here stays here...what a slogan for tourists! Geez. I digress. My whole point is that the heat is on. Today should be about 97 degrees. Time to cook it up. Speaking of cooking. Yesterday we had Ashlee's birthday party. We had our neighbors over and some other people. What a good time! Grilled up some burgers, hot dogs and some brats...yummy stuff, man. Ashlee had a great time playing with the kids all day in her new play house. That damn playhouse is nicer then my first apartment! I think I am going to go riding now....bye. ST

 Mungo, good to see that you made it back safely. Hope everything wen well. You can't trust any computer that is twice as old as my kid. Tell them it is time to update their infrastructure. Eddie

 I will not say, "I'm home." Florida is but long-term parking. Eddie, I blogged from Iowa a few times, but I was on a 6-year old Apple. Nothing posted. I'm way too tired to repeat what I have already typed. Perhaps tomorrow...I'll have some time, I don't go into work until 1430. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Modest Mouse - "Convenient Parking"

 Still working on playing the bass. It is going pretty well, but my fingers are still sore and I try to play at least 2 hours a day. I am just doing basic things and trying to do easy bass lines from different songs. I am having a blast with it, but it is very frustrating when I fuck up. So I am frustrated a lot, needless to say. Tell Mom I said hi. I hope she is having fun with Ashlee. I know the only time my mom came to visit me was after I had a kid. Gotta love the draw that the first grandkid has. Dinney Land is almost here for y'all and I am still stuck in the Big K wanting to go. Ah well, such is life. Where the fuck did OO go? Man, that mutha fucka need to be bloggin, yo. I am still talking to Elena on the phone (um, obviously on the phone, kinda hard to talk otherwise... thank you Capt Obvious.) Damn, I still miss that chick. I got to hear her kid play the piano. It was probably Tchaikovsky or Scriabin or something like that. It sounded pretty good, or as good as it could through a phone. Am I more fucked up than I think I am or am I just glutten to put myself in those situations? Dueces....

 Blog on! I have been slow on the blog action lately. We have family in town so my computer gets turned off at night so they aren't sleeping in a vortex. When morning rolls around I am just too lazy to turn it back on. So here I am on Sunday morning. Yes, Eddie, you are pretty messed up. But that is not new to us and we still have love for the messed up brother. Mungo is probably getting his head together from his trippy to land befor time. 007...well, he really is just screwed up and never gets on here. My Mom got into town yesterday so she is having a blast with Ashlee. "Hi, Mom! Here is the kid. Beck and I are going riding on the quads...be back in a few days!" Okay, not really. It is nice to see Mom again though. We had a yard sale yesterday and made about $75. Nevermind that the stuff we sold was worth over $200. Oh well, the crap was just sitting around the house collecting dust anyway so at least it is gone. We gave a crap load of clothes to the Goodwill afterwards. I found a picture of Mungo and I from AK. It is cool stuff and I want to mess with it on the computer before I send out some copies. I am taking Mon (tomorrow) off for my b-day comp day. I work on Tue then I am taking leave on Wed. I overnight on Thurs then have most of Fri off. I overnight on Mon then have Tue to pack our bags. Wed morning we are off to FL! Woo hoo! Mungo is meeting us at the happiest place on earth so I get to see a bro! Okay...I am off to do family stuff. We are having a BBQ/party for Ashlee's b-day (actually on 4May). Going to grill up some brats, dogs and burgers...yummy stuff, dudes. ST out

 OK... So I blog my ass off and nobody responds back. What the hell bro's? Are we contemplating how fucked up Eddie really is? Anyway, I splurged yesterday. I bought a bass guitar. I am slowly learning and my left hand and fingers hurt a tad bit. But, it is a lot of fun. I am having a good time with it and can play most of " Come as You Are " by Nirvana. Though it is very easy too. Later Eddie

 I spend more time planning and getting ready for camping that I do camping! It's worth it though. Camping pretty much rocks. Trailer is loaded up and just about ready to go. Quads are in and just waiting. We don't really know where we are going yet. We are going up to UT somewhere near the Paiute ATV trail (1000's of miles of trails, literally). Our plan is to explore some of the dirt roads in the area and find a spot off in the woods to camp. No campgrounds here baby! Total dry camping/boondocking/dispersed camping...whatever you want to call it. If we don't take it then we don't have it. We are probably leaving 0400 Fri. Joy. ST out.

 Everytime I wake up and walk to my car I see metal.&nbsp; Is it one-two-one?&nbsp; How is that possible?&nbsp; Is it something I can control?&nbsp; &quot;No!&nbsp; La la la, you didn't spell it right!&quot; said the little man from Pangia.&nbsp; I won't stress it, then.&nbsp;&nbsp; The jet skiing went wonderful.&nbsp; I hit 60 mph.&nbsp; Timo hit 73 mph.&nbsp; Swiadek hit 67 mph.&nbsp; It was my first time ever experience on a jet ski.&nbsp; And it was good, but I doubt I'll ever ride one again.&nbsp; Kevin Swiadek and Shawndra Wilson want me to go to Fort Walton Beach over this 4-day weekend to visit Tommy and Elaine Haycraft (and their two daughters:&nbsp; Jordan and Jordana).&nbsp; I don't think I'm going to go.&nbsp; I don't want to travel over this weekend, I kind of want to spend some time alone.&nbsp; Take care of my metal, reset the progs, and center the rivets.&nbsp; I have a LOT of work to do on my book, Highway 9 .&nbsp; I think I'm going to find the blind spots...and I'll do it.&nbsp; My boss just quit his job, he said he's going out to find some blinds to rob, and he'll do it. &quot;Your heart felt good, &nbsp; It was drippin' pitch and made of wood. &nbsp;And your hands and knees, &nbsp; felt cold and wet on the grass to me.&quot; Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day:&nbsp; Modest Mouse - &quot;How the World Began&quot;

 This Thur night we are off to go camping for the 4th of July. Thur night until Monday. We are going up to Strawberry (Eddie knows about the Strawberry action). This time we will be staying up in the trees and totally self contained. Yes, quads will be ridden and the air will sink with fun! Tree huggers can lick my nuts! ST polluting the shit out of everything.

 I just realized that I get credit for all emailed boggies. Sorry.

 Mungo, all I can say is have fun. I hate Korea, but at least no one can say that I am not having a good time overall. Because, I am having some kick ass times here. Granted I would rather be hanging with the bro's having a kick ass time, but that aint possible at this time. Oldshit is here though. We have kick ass times on quite a few occassions with more to come I am sure. Don't worry about poluting the water. Remember the MS river flows into the gulf. Fucking tree hugger. Peace out Eddie

 Bro's and ho's, I'm going jet skiing tonight for the first time in my life.&nbsp; I'm really not looking forward to adding to the polution of the great southern waterways (I really am concerned about these things), but I am excited to be trying something new.&nbsp; I rode a 4 wheeler once.&nbsp; The trip lasted 30 seconds.&nbsp; I didn't know where the breaks were so I paniced and ran face first into a tree.&nbsp; I was close-lined and I fell to the ground leaving the 4 wheeler to come to a natural stop, destroying a headlamp and the brushgard.&nbsp; That was my last off road motorized vehical experinance.&nbsp; I was 12 years old. Peace and Love, Mungo PS...Wish me luck.&nbsp; This could be crazygonuts. Song of the day:&nbsp; Neutral Milk Hotel - &quot;Oh, Comely&quot;

 Gentlemen of the Blogginz: I have met another love of my life. I'm such a lucky man to have so many lovely women in my life, huh? This one is Gretchen Johansson. She's from Stockholm. I met her in Fort Walden Beach this weekend. I was out there with Kevin Swiadek and Tommy Haycraft. I talked to her for three hours over some drinks. Unfortunately, the more she drank, the harder it was for her to "think" in English, therefore, her speech was far more degraded. But smiling and dancing and touching made up for a lot of the language barrier. The Bad News. She was there, at the beachside bar, with her Swedish host family and they were not about to let her too far out of their sight. I guess I can understand that. She's only got two more weeks in the USA and then it's home again to Stockholm. She gave me her phone number to her home in Sweden (a lot of good that will do me) and I gave her mine in Panama City. Perhaps she'll call. Likely she won't. The Good News. Even if I never speak to her again, meeting someone, talking, and feeling those new sparks again made me feel a whole lot better about women. I had a pretty poor view there this last week. I haven't been able to fix my computer, so I have no idea what's going on with the blog. If someone could e-mail me at work to let me know that this address actually does work for remote posting, that would be sweet. Thanks for all your support during this revolutionary campign. Peace and Love, Mungo

 I just sprayed the shit out of some weeds. Tell you what! Should be dead by this time tomorrow. DIE YOU COMMIE WEED BASTARDS! This has been an uneventful Saturday. I have basically spent the day just relaxing and screwing off on the computer. Beck and Ashlee come home tomorrow. I can't wait to see em. Ashlee's potty training is going well. Since she has been in UT she has only had one accident. She tells Beck when she needs to go. WOO WOO. Looking back at me 2-3 years ago I would never have thought potty training would be such a big deal to me. Times change. ST

 It is Saturday and I can't really think of anything to do. I could mow the grass but it is getting too hot. I could go riding again but if I can do that then I can mow the grass. Malls are boring. I don't want to spend much money. No movies. Yep, I will sit here on my computer. Hope you guys are having fun. Mungo needs to get his crap fixed up! Eddie needs to stop humping his computer so it will let him see the bloggie page. 007 needs to...nevermind. ST

 I am having problems seeing the blog. I have to do the fucked up way to see it. Thanks ST for showing me the light

 I just got back from a ride on my quad. WOO WOO! I had a blast since it was the first time in over a month that I have had a chance to get out and go. I fixed Beck's bike and it is up and running again as well. I can't wait for Mungo and Bubbles to get here so I can show them around the mountains behind our house. Eddie, I can only hope the construction doesn't take over by the time you get here. Unfortuneately, I don't think I will be able to ride from the house for much longer. Houses are popping up all over the desert. ST

 What up dogs? We need to get this shit rolling yall! Woo WOO! No bloggin mofrappies. Yeah, I need something to occupy my time...I am going to go fix the quad. ST

 Beck and Ashlee are in Utah for a wedding so I am here until Sun with a list of crap to get done. -fix a couple of little things on the trailer (upgrades mostly) -change oil on truck -wash truck -drop trailer off at dealer to fix reversed hot/cold water -pick up parts for quads -fix Beck's smashed quad (my sister got crazy with the cheese whiz) I am sure there are other things to do that I just forgot to put on the list. Okay, later fools. ST

 If you email your blog in it will post it to the blogger site but the blog won't be published until someone actually goes to the site and publishes a blog. At least you can get you thoughts out there and it will be published next time anyone blogs online. Mungo, your first blog via email didn't show up and I tried to edit it to get it to publish (before I knew what I was doing). You should go and edit it so it will show under your name and not mine. Sorry about that. Okay, email bloggies are working. ST

 Hello gentleman.&nbsp; I was late to work today, about 15-20 minutes late.&nbsp; I woke up 10 minutes before I was supposed to be here.&nbsp; I didn't care.&nbsp; I couldn't sleep last night, I was up until 3 a.m. thinking about money and about something else .&nbsp; Around 2 a.m. I actually got up, went to my computer and added up how much money I should make between now and 01Sep and subtracted all that I should have to pay in bills and then figured out how much I'll have to pay in gas from here to AK, money for food, and cashola I'll have to shell out to get my car fixed up.&nbsp; I'll be left with a little money, enough keep up on my regular car payments for a few months and enough to live on for a little while once I'm in AlAsKA... but it's not going to be much.&nbsp; I will have to spend next to NOTHING between now and then.&nbsp; No more movie nights.&nbsp; No more going out to eat.&nbsp; No more money fun.&nbsp; It will all have to be about the free fun.&nbsp; Like reading.&nbsp; Like walking, and riding.Peace and Love

 You suck. That is all. Love, Eddie he he he

 I finished the run in 14 min and 25 sec. I think I will get a marginal on the test. Oh well. I will run again in 3 months. Maybe if I actually practice running, sit-ups, and push-ups I will do better next time. ST in hurtin status

 I am a father so today is my day. I am not doing anything for my day. We did pick up a new (to us) TV today. Beck's friend is moving to FL and is selling everything she owns. She sold us a 32 inch Toshiba TV that is only 2 years old for $30! WOO WOO. The only downside it that the lady is a smoker and the TV reeks (good reason not to smoke inside). Hopefully the smell will go away. ST

 Three things you could not ask for more of. I just got off work and am sitting on my ass wide awake without a whole helluvalot to do. I would gladly hang pictures right now. Have you hung that one that I gave to y'all? I am ready for a good ole fasion BBQ too. We are definately going to have to do that when I get back. Ribs, baked beans, home made Mac & Cheese... all the fixin's. I had hamburger helper for lunch. Not exactly a BBQ. Party on my Brethren Eddie

 We attended a most excellent birthday party today. Okay, so it was for an eight year old. So maybe there were kids EVERYWHERE. Perhaps is wasn't most excellent after all. But let me tell you something about the food! The food was some good s^#&. I ate way too much. So as far as the food goes...most excellent. ST stuffed.

 Beck wants to hang pictures today. There could be worse things, I guess. Actually, it isn't that bad. Ashlee, is getting the hang of the potty training thing. It is too funny to see her yanking off her underwear and sitting on the little pot in the middle of the living room! Kids are great. See ya. ST

 Something that I have suprisingly not done here. I have to get ready and go to work soon. That fuckin blows nizuts. I got a "Good" on my PT test and I am probably the least healthy person of us. Good to hear that OO and Mungo will be able to spend more time in NV. Have fun all. Eddie

 Today is Friday...Woo Woooo. Today didn't start out like a Friday at all. At about 0700 I had to go to get my waist measured for the good ole Air Force. I had been sitting around drinking coffee and had not eaten breakfast. The guy asked (he works with me) if I just want to get the sit-ups and push-ups done now so if I don't do well I can do them again on Mon when we run (good deal). The minute I started doing the sits I knew that I had made a big mistake. The coffee started grumbling. I could only do 33. Then I moved on to the pushies. 29. Right about then I wasn't feeling too hot. Actually, I was sweating bullets, cold as a popsicle, and the world was dancing. Yeah, I ended up doing the puke da puke for about 10 minutes. Hey, at least I made it to the puking room. About 3 hours later I felt better and Friday became good. That is my story. Now I have to do the run in 13min and 30 sec to get a good. We will see. ST

 Spinner! Cheater! Liar! Average Blog Booster! ---all terrible things to call another person. 15Sep - 2Oct is much better than I thought we'd have. I'm hoping we can spend perhaps 10 days in and around Vegas with Mikey. We'll have 17! I'm in my boxers, teeshirt and socks. I have to be AT work in 23 minutes. Last night a guy who is getting kicked out of the Air Force for alcohol abuse was at my house abusing alcohol. He disappeared for a while and came back later talking some crazy shit. He had lost his BDU hat, blouse and a sling for his already dislocated arm. He didn't remember what had happened but he was covered in grass and he know he kicked someone's ass. I called the First Sergeant. I'm very interested in seeing what comes of this. Peace and Love, mungo Song of the day: Mungocult - "Average Posts Per Week"

 ...just a walkin down the street singin doo waa diddy diddy dum diddy doo. It's hot here. Work is boring. I am in a bad mood for a reason no one knows. Hey, Eddie, 6 posts a week is almost 1 a day. That isn't too bad. the average goes down when we are vacations and not blogging everyday. Just my thoughts. I am going to try and get up to 7 a week but I don't want them to be useless posts just to get the numbers up. That would just be dum diddy doo. ST

 I thought that you only had 14 days? Hey, That is cool with me though. Just figure out what you fools want to do while you are here. I know that I am going to be on a tight budget so I would like to have an idea of what you guys have in mind. ST

 I will be flying out on the 15th of september to Las Vegas. I will be buying my ticket by the end of this week. I have to be back in the AK by Oct. 2nd Im on my way. Double O

 So, I was looking at profiles. The average Post per week is as follows... ST & Mungo - 6 Me - 4 OO & Oldman - 0 I think I see issues with this. We just don't fucking blog enough. Mungo, I made the drive from AK to FL in 5.5 days. Yes, I was pushing the limits each time and I had a sports car (meaning I drove real fucking fast) but usually I kept it around 80. But you should be able to do around 800 miles a day between 2 people without a problem. My math comes up with around 4.25 days. take a hundred off that, and y9ou have around 5 days driving. Trust me, the scenery is nice around a lot of areas, but it aint nothing to sit and gaze at for hours on end. Unless you spend 2 days in Vancouver like ST, myself and Greg did because we liked getting drunk there and cute chicks were everywhere. We also got a pretty smokin' deal on a hotel for 3 people. Damn, that shit brings back some memories. Dudes. We all just need to get together in about 2 years and cruise around with ST's 5th wheel. We all chip in for gas and find camping grounds along the way for about 7-10 days. Staying at each place 1 night and pressing out each morning around 1100. a few hours driving and we are at another campground. That would fuckin ROCK!! Anywho... I am off to bed. Later Bro's Eddie

 5 or 6 days in Vegas and you should still have time to have a leisurely drive to AK. ST

 You do make a very damn good point, don't you... When a guy like me can drive 1600 miles in a single sitting, taking 10 days to make that trip seems pretty silly, eh? Eh. Time to talk to the bubble maker. Mungo

 4 days in Vegas = 10 days driving. 3380 miles to AK / 10 days = 338 miles a day. 338 miles a day / 65 miles per hour = 5.2 hours of driving per day. 5 hours of driving = 19 hours of not driving 19 hours of not driving - 8 hours of sleep = 11 hours of free time So approximately... 50 hours of driving 110 hours of free time 80 hours of sleeping

 Eddie, I don't want you to think that I really have a choice in how much time I spend in Vegas. Mike, you either. I don't want anybody thinking that this time means any less to me than it does to y'all. If I had it my way, we'd be spending two or three weeks in Vegas. Shit, if I really had it my way, the four of us would all be living in the same place again. I can't think of anything better than that. But that's not the situation. Double O only has a total of 14 days. How long does it take to drive to AlAskA from Vegas? At least a week, right. He's got two jobs that he can't afford to lose because he can't make it back from vacation. That's the cold hard truth. We have to consider that. The extra time I want to spend with my family is like free time anyway. That has nothing to do with how much time I'll be able to spend in Vegas because Double O is pushing his two weeks back a week. If it wasn't free time for me, Eddie, I agree with you completely. I've spent so much more money on going to see my family than they have on coming to see me. The only reason they ever visited at all is because they always wanted to see AlAskA. Now, AlAskA is a great reason to take a vacation, but I was more of an afterthought. Has a SINGLE member of my family even kicked around the idea of coming to visit me in Panama City? Hell no. That pisses me off too. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Josh Jopplin Group - "I've Changed"

 Dudes, let me tell you this... I am glad that I am not going on leave to the US. This is why... If I had been told that I would only be able to hang with the bro's for 4 fucking days when I flew half-way around the world, I would have been pissed off till no end. I would have said Fuck y'all, I ain't doin it. 4 Days?? come on. How often do we actually see eachother? I understand family time. Trust me I do. But I have come to this realization, they can come and see me. I am regressing back to the childhood on this one. My mom always had to be the one to travel lengthy distances for us to see family. There were no other relatives with little kids at this time, so it would have been easier for them to come see us. I am now in a position where I have a wee one and people want to see her. Good for them, come see her then. That is the only reason that most people want to visit anyway. Yes, they enjoy spending time with me, but the get to see Lorelei and that is the big factor. Fuck that shit. For family, you want to see me, make the fucking effort. I am not the one that needs to put out the cash to come see you. For my bro's? In a heartbeat if it meant it was going to be a long while before I see you again. Family doesn't change, they will always be family and they will always be there for you if you are a good family. I am the same way with the fam. Friends are chosen. You can stop being friends without ever telling them that you are not there for them anymore. Enough on that rant because I am not coming to the US for my mid-tour anyway. I am going to some place where I have always wanted to go. Granted it is not Moscow, but Khaborovsk will do. It is seeing the "real" Russia. Remember this though... When have you ever had a bad time hanging with the bro's? I can't think of one time. I would pass up sightseeing in a heartbeat to hang with my bro's as much as could. Fuck sightseeing, I would rather see my bro's. So anyway, I have had 2 interesting days in a row. Yesterday was the first time I have ever taken the radios from a student. This absolutely crushe the confidence level. He was not doing bad overall. It was just too much for him at one point and he froze up. It happens. Most of the other controllers in the squadron probably would have fucked it up too. Then, today, I SNPed (Student Non Progression) the same person. This is the first time I have ever done that as well. This was a safety of flight issue. No way around that one, you fuck that up, you get hooked. Another trainee, yesterday, would have been my first hook, but passed it by a technicality. He had a break in training and basically started over. What is fucked up about this is that the fuy has been controlling since '95. That is longer than I have been in the AF!!! This guy sucks ass at controlling. Am I the best controller ever? No. But I am up there on the scale. This guy should be way beyond my level but it was like having a brand new WD on scope. Man, I hate incompetance. Anyway, I think I am done for now. Eddie

 I just talked to Julie. Double O is working at his second job. He's a waiter now. I can't garuntee that he'll be in full agreement to this, but when I talked to him last week he felt good about pushing it back a week so I could see my family. How does 14Sep sound? Sounds pretty good to me. We'll have a total of two weeks, and hopefully we'll have more than four days to spend in Vegas. Double O has it in his head that driving to Baja California, Yosemite, Hoover Dam, and Niagra Falls are do-able in two weeks. I told him he needs to consult a map and common sense! He was joking about Niagra Falls. I want to drive 100 miles away from home and lose all my keys I want to return rental movies fast forwarded to the end and pay the late fees Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day: Mungocult - "High as Low"

 4 days of wonder here in Vegas? That's all? 4 little days? 96 hours? 5760 minutes? 345600 seconds? 007 should try to figure out what he wants to do since he has never been here before and four days is barely enough time to see the sights here in town much less go camping or something. Also, I need a sort of a budget. How much moola is everyone going to have to gamble away or do whatever with? I just want to have an idea. If at all possible let's try and get this firmed up soon. I am sure that this is not likely but a guy can hope, right? I have a whole month of plans hinging on what you guys decide to do. If I don't get leave in soon then I may not be able to get it if someone else puts in for the time that you decide to come out. I am going now...I am just going to get myself irritated. ST

 Hello my Blogginz Brothers! Life is busy here in Floory Da. Yes, sirs, tis be true. So here be me and it is finally time to update chall on the haps of the last. Okeeday. Timo and Mungo (that is I, Erik) went to AlAskA, right? Remember that? Sure sure. Here's the recap the one and only blog I posted: We were delayed in Atlanta which kept us from making our connection in SLC to Anchorage. Bummer, yes yes. A 10-hour bummer of a layover. So, instead of making it to Anchorage at 1423, we didn't make it in until after midnight. So sux. But we made it. Double Osph had to work the next morning at 0630 so instead of him going to bed, we hit up VI and did a Jones run with Tony Bermudez. Sweetness, sirs. By the time that was all done over with and through it was time for Bubbles to head off to NAC. So. What to do? That was the question Timo and I asked ourselves. It was about 0600 and we had been traveling since 0400 the day before. We weren't tired at all. So we hiked to the top of Flat Top. Timo didn't bring his camera because it was megacloudy and I didn't bring my camera because I wanted to bring my video camera. So I vigo-documented the hike to the top. It was the most beautiful I had ever seen the mountain. We ended up breaking through a cloud layer and were were sandwiched inbetween the one we climbed through and another at about 3K. Sweet. We hung out at the top, sitting on the the edges of the back side and looked over the precipice and did the vigo. (Lady Astro does the Vigo.) We climbed back down and mashed around town, hitting up REI and the Sportsmen's Warehouse to pick up supplies for the next three days we were planning in the woods. Double Osph got off work at 1430 and we were off into the wilds. We camped the first night near Sterling. We had smores and I taped Double O making a mess of them... in typical Double style. It was sweet. The next day we went to Rainbow Lake and got some really cool pictures and had a snowball fight. The trail we were going to hike the next two days was the Upper Russian Lakes Trail, but both the bridges were out on the trail and we didn't feel like fording a fast flooded river. So we went to Dairy Queen instead. And then we went to resurrection Pass and hiked 4 miles into the water fall. I video taped and Timo took pictures. We were going to camp at Russian River, but the whole place was closed because of construction. Somehow flooding waters undercut a bank and caused a landslide, so they were trying to fix it. So we went back up towards Portage and the further we got in the worse the weather got and we finally just went back to anchorage. Too much wind and rain and cold air for camping. We hung out at Double O's that night and the next morning we went to Dark Globe for a mountain climbin' day, but the the fwiggin' weather was pretty crappy again and we only got half way up before we decided to go back down. We were out of shelter and the wind was FIERCE! So we wussed out before we got killed. We ended up spending the first weekend bumming around town and relaxing. One day, Timo and I went to Earthquake Park and went walking along the coastal trail for a bit. When we got back to the rental car, it had been broken into and my video camera was gone, Timo's day pack was gone, and Double O's 45 was missing out of the glove box. (He forgot to take it out and Timo and I didn't even know it was there.) We filed a police report and got insurance stuff taken care of, and got a new car. The next week Double O had Mon-Fri off. I don't remember what we did on Monday, but I know that Tuesday afternoon, around 6 p.m. we started hiking Crow Pass (Girdwood to Eagle River). By Thursday at 4 p.m. we were off the trail. 46 hours! Amazing. It was a great hike, lots of awesome views, glaciers, and porky pines. Terrificoso. And that's all we really did up there. We spent the last few days hanging out in Anchorage and Girdwood and Beluga Point. Hillary and I are over forever and I am finally happy again. It took a lot for me to step back from that situation and realize how stupid and pointless it would be for me to hang on there. I finally feel good about me again. Double O and I will be in Las Vegas this September. He's buying a one-way ticket and we'll be driving up to Anchorage together. The trip will probably be pushed back a week or so because I want to spend as much time as possible with my family before I move back to AlAskA. So maybe September 14th or so. We'll get that worked out as soon as possible, Mike, so you know and can plan. I don't think we're going to be able to spend maybe more than 4 days in Vegas because of how much time off Double O has. We have to expect some delays on a trip that long in a car and we don't want him getting fired or anything. So, back in Florida, I'm starting the moving process now. I'm getting rid of a lot of crap that I don't need so that TMO won't show up at my parent's house with a TON of useless stuff. The only things I'm moving to AlAskA with is what I can fit into my car. TMO will move it to AK, but I'd have to pay the difference between Osage and Anchorage. I can't afford that! And I don't need anything. Basically I'm moving to AlAskA with a few boxes of books, some plastic bags with clothes, and a few books of CD's. Double O and Julie have agreed to let me stay with them until I can get on my feet, so I'm very greatful for that. We'll see what happens. The title of this blog is the name of my new CD. I've recorded a bunch of crappy songs over the last year, mostly those that I have written myself. I'm calling it Raw In Its Juice. The track listing is as follows: 1. Raw Sea Mud Comes To Life At Dawn 2. In The Aeroplane Over The Sea (Neutral Milk Hotel cover) 3. Ode To Modesty 4. In Your Mind (Built to Spill cover) 5. Our Names 6. High as Low 7. Pacing the Landslide 8. My New Song When It's 35.5 Degrees Fahrenheit 9. Brother's Turtleneck Fiasco 10. Leopold's Letter 11. The Mancala Song 12. Everybody Everybody It's nothing less than perfect. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the Day: Laura Veirs - "Icebound Stream"

 I went to the post office last night. Get this for irony of ironies... There was a Fathers day card and a child support bill. Man it seems like I get that fucking bill like 12 times a month. Anyway, I have noticed that Lorelei writes a lot like her mother. It was cool to get a card though. I am upset at the lack of bloggin's lately. I am not the greatest at it, but shit, are we having that much difficulty to spout a few lines every so often? Dueces Eddie

 Tomorrow will be my first free day to do anything. I haven't spent even 4 hours at my apartment since I got back last Monday. Sunday (tomorrow) will be the day. I'm off now to help somebody move. Ya, I know I know, it's 11:05 p.m.... who moves this late in the day? Aaron Wood does. He just PCS'd and he's moving. The house is 2 hours from here. Sheesh. Mungo

 If more than me and ST would post it would probably fucking help to get conversations started to add on to. MUNGO... tell us some details. You have had a few days to recover now. OLDMAN... get your ass on the horse and post some shit. Later

 Where are all the home boyz at? Well, I am going camping until Sunday. See you foolios later. ST

 Got the truck back with the new gears, got the quads back and I accomplished quite a bit fixing up the trailer. I put some vent covers on from out old trailer so that we can leave the vents open in all weather. I fixed a door that wouldn't stay closed as well as a few other little things. We are about to head to the airport to pick up Sara. I think I will see if she wants to go for a night ride on the quads. Maybe, maybe not. Mungo, where you at brother? Come on down and tell your story! ST

 I am sitting here in MOPP 2 waiting for the base to go alarm green so I can go to work. It is black now, thus... me not leaving my room. Mungo, welcome back to your living hell of FL. just remember, you only have a few months left. Have you definately determined what you are going to do when you get out? Are you still set on going to AK or have you changed your mind? ST, I have the itch to go camping. I also have an itch that I can not scratch right now because it is under the chem gear. he he he... I am so ready to get home, see my kid, hang with the bro and be back in the land of the free. I have 19 months and 3 days left until I am outta this BIATCH. But who's counting. Eddie

 Too much to report now. I'm back in Florida. I'll blog the hell out of all of you after I catch up on your blogginz, finish the unpacking, do the laundry doin's, and after the nap times have been zonkered. Peace and Love, Mungo

 ...and I already have the Monday blues. Man, that sucks. At least I have stuff to look forward to. Tomorrow I take the truck in after work to get the gears replaced so it will tow better. Mr. F250 will be in the shop for about 2-3 days. After dropping off the truck Beck and I are going to go and see Harry Potter. Tue is my overnight so nothing much there. On Wed my sister gets in to town for a 5 day visit. Thu I work, pick up the ATV's from the shop and that night Sara wants to go down to the strip and see the sights that she hasn't really been able to see on her previous trips. On Fri we are all heading up to Mt Charleston to camp until Sun. Mt Charleston is only 45 min away from Vegas and is usually about 30 cooler (8000 ft). There is a lot of hiking and stuff to do up there so it will be fun. Can you believe that Sara has never been camping? Okay, so we are using our trailer, but that is still camping in my book! Oh, and sometime during her stay we will have to find some time to ride the ATV's. Early morning or late night are the only times that you can ride right now because of the heat. Your head will just cook in a padded helmet in 110 temps. Okay, busy ass week. I should go get some sleep but I am not even close to tired. CRAP! ST out

 You are not alone my brother... we are still here. I just got back from being recalled. The Exercise kicked off this morning. Fun, fun. I now have about 10 hours till my shift and I am not even tired anymore and will get jack shit for sleep. Last night was another night of pool shooting and beer drinking. Pretty fun night. We just sat around, played some pool and talked with the juicies there. No worries, no juices were bought. The Ma's didn't even bother us for the most part. That is when you know you are in a bar too often. They start leaving you alone. Later All Eddie

 I feel so alone here on the blogger. Today is just another hot day. I mean really hot. The official temp is supposed to be 107 but it is usually about 5-10 hotter near the roads. Crazy. I hope everyone is doing well. Mungo, I hope the rest of your trip got better! Talk to you later mo'frappies. ST sizzlin

 Today saw the passing of a great man. He will not be forgotten.

 Right about now Vegas can lick my sac. Yesterday, while picking up our trailer from the dealer I thought that I was going to die...it was probably 120 on the asphalt. Oh well, so goes life in hell...or at least the same temp. The trailer is home and we just love it. This morning we went and got everything out of the old trailer so we could put it in the new one. The old trailer was then dropped off at the dealer. On a side note. On the way home from the dealer with the Rage'n the freeway just came to a stop. About a  mile ahead a life flight heliochopter landed right on the freeway. We were stuck for about 10 min until it took off again and flew right over us. When they started letting people back through we saw a dead body on the road covered in a sheet with only the feet sticking out. It is just eerie to see that, you know? Okay, I am going to go and take a shower now...I stink. COLD shower....mmmmmm, nice. ST stinkin up the joint.

 So what are you getting next year? This is getting worse than me with cars when I was in AK. Do you have a link to see what the trailer is or do I just sit here and look at all 5th wheels until I find the one with those specs? Russians are good... Think of what you say after a fortune cookie too add to that. Besides that, I don't give a fuck what anyone else says as long as my bro's have got my back. If it doesn't work out, so be it. I won't know until I give it a shot. I love the chick, I love being with her and I want her with me. Can't live life without a sense of adventure. If you do, you will sell yourself short of opportunities missed. I want to see the trailer.

 ...we bought one. Damn, dude, I just can't stop the madness! We liked our Tahoe but this one is much better. It will allow us to put the quads inside the trailer, it has a built in generator, 36 gallon fuel tank with pump station for filling up the quads, tons of storage, 106 gallon fresh water tank and many other things. It doesn't have a slide out but it doesn't feel like it needs one. I can't touch the ceilings without jumping. The best thing is that it's a fifth wheel (it connects inside the truck bed like an 18 wheeler) so it will tow MUCH better. The new one is 30 feet long but only about 26 feet will be behind the truck. The old one was 33 feet, all behind the truck! We pick it up tomorrow afternoon! WOO WOO! ST

 I will end up with a Russian chick! Good grief guys. I am not about to judge anyone about anything. I am behind you guys with whatever decicions you make but it is just a little shocking. Being over here and not over there; I have a different view. All you here about the Russian women over there is that they just want to find a GI to bring them to the states. You have heard it all so I won't go into it. Like I said, I am not there and can't/won't judge since all I have are stories and lore. I honestly hope it works out for both of you. Oldfuck, it sucks to hear that your marriage is on the way out. I know that you guys have tried for quite awhile and maybe this is the way things were meant to be. Sorry about the split, though. Damn Russians are invading....run for the hills! ST running like hell.

 Good to see the Oldshit back on the blog. ST, So are you actually looking at getting a new one? I don't know what I would do without having to fix the silverware drawer every 3 minutes while we are camping. That other one looks nice, but are you actually considering getting another one? I think the one you have right now is good enough, but hey, I wouldn't mind a queen size bed either. It is too fuckin' early here. It is just now creeping up on 0630... I am not usually up until 2 hours from now. I hate early morning missions, especially when I am instructing and not controlling. Wipin' the sleep from my eyes, Eddie

 I know I haven't blogged in a while. One sec...Okay I'm back...had to cook a single noodle and whip myself with it...Had to stop though as I was enjoying it too much. That's another story altogether though! :) Anyhoos...I'm back with a vengeance! It's been going on for a while, but my 14 year marriage is coming to an end in less than a month. The paperwork is almost finalized. I know initially you all may think "What an ass to leave his wife while he's in Korea", but as ST knows how things were in Alaska when Michaela and I seperated for about 7 months...things just have never worked out when we tried again. You can judge if you like...just careful who or what you judge lest you be judged. So, I'm taking leave on the 28th to go back and get out of base housing, then returning to Korea on the 9th of July. Here's the kicker...I have leave in to go to Russia on 8 August. Yes, you heard correctly...RUSSIA. There's a tall blonde there named Anastasia who is going to sponsor my visit to Russia and even let me stay at her home...hmmmm...sounds like a fun adventure to me. We became quite close over the period of MANY months. As all of you know...I'm the OldMan; OldFart; OldShit etc...I've been around the block and am not blind to games and bullshit. This girl has me spinning...no doubt about it. Anyway, thought I'd give something to talk about and keep the blog going strong. Shoot away fellas...I can take the feedback/opinions/what the Fuck ever you have to say. Bring it :) That's all for now...yeah the OldMan is still alive and Kickin!

 For the past three years we have done the same thing right around this time.... urlLink When will it ever stop? ST out

 I instructed the idiot today. The first one went OK, at best. The second one, the comm was rancid. It was like a shit pool pouring out of his mouth. Then the SD knocked a call that he made... I looked at the SD and said "I told him to say that." The SD backstepped a few, and tried to think of a better way to say what was quickly. He lost. I won. It was funny though, not a real argument, just a disagreement on some minor comm. Hild's favorite phrase is "That is how I learned it at the schoolhouse." Do you have dumbasses for instructors down there or are they that tasked where they can not pay attention during the mission? Anywho... Went out and nursed a beer for about 1.5 hours (might as well have had a nipple on it) at a bar while shooting pool, then basically went home. We stopped by 2 or 3 other clubs but walked out after about 30 seconds. What a boring fargin night. Eddie

 I am instructing an idiot tommorow. I say this because, well, apparently he is one. Lt Hild... for Mungo, since he hates the guy. I guess this guy does not know his ass from a hole in the ground. He does not even know the difference between "Picture" and "Bogey dope." Nor does he know what a threat range is. What the fuck are y'all teaching down at that school anyway? Our DOW chief is calling to Tyndall to find out "What the fuck?" Should be interesting, to say the least. It is so bad that they said the only ones that could instruct him was MSgt Scheck (a patch) and me. This kinda boosted the ego that didn't really need the boosting. But hey, what can I say? I am fucking good. I still miss my chick. Which reminds me... Bubbles... do you have a comment you would like to let me in on? September should be interesting to say the least. At the very least, I will get to see a different country that I probably would not have. At the best, everything goes good and we continue on. I talked to the ST rugrat this morning. She said "Hi Eddie!! Love you" At least that is what I think she said, it was slightly garbled. Cute Kid. Speaking of cute kids... Lorelei is doing good. I haven't really talked to her lately because it is a bitch and a half to get a hold of Miranda. When I did get a hold of her Lorelei was already asleep. She said she is doing well though. Her speach is getting better and makes real sentences that make sense. I miss her sooooooooo much too. I miss her more than Elena. I don't think that is neither bad nor suprising though. I get her for the whole month of December and part of January when I get back. This also means that I will only have to pay half of the child support. That is definately a bonus, especially since it is B-Day time, X-Mas, and moving in time with my no furniture having ass. ST if you see some great deals on stuff let me know. I can transfer the cash. But more than likely there will be nothing spectacular that I won't be able to find somewhere else. I am wide awake and it is just past midnight here. This sucks. Later peeps.. off to fuck off on the internet. Eddie

 ...and we will start with our downstairs bathroom. Beck and I got crazy with the cheese whiz last night and painted the bathroom. It's tiny but we did a total make over. 1930 hrs... Wash all the walls with TSP (cleaner). Paint all the walls (medium gray). Hang little cabinet over toilet (white with mirror in it). ----- 0000 hrs... Go to bed. ----- Today... Buy and install new fancy towel rack and matching TP holder (white and chrome). Buy and hang up new towels (maroon and white) Buy some spray paint and paint small ledge shelf (white). Hang small shelf. ----- Still need to do... Buy maroon bath rug to match all the other colors. Buy chrome hand soap pump thingy. Side note... when the can of spray paint says to use in temps between 65 and 85 degrees you should do it (unless you live in hell like me where it never gets to 85 in the summer). When it is over 108 degrees outside (in the shade) spray paint can easily dry in the time it takes the paint to leave the can and reach whatever you are painting. This makes for a fun painting experience. The up side to it drying so fast is that there is no over spray problems because the paint is dry before it hits anything (like the quads). Sweet. That is the latest happenings. ST off to sniff some of that great spray paint.

 Sounds like a lot of shit is happenin on the home front. I am using Oldshit's internet connection right now since mine is temporarily down. I will get it going here sometime soon, until then I will have to use other methods. Happy Anniversary ST. Mungo... please tell me that shit was not true with the stupid fuck airmen... Later Eddie

 Mungo, I got yo back yo. I'll send you money for cigs in jail. Maybe that will keep you from being someone's bitch. Good luck. If I were you I would have been in jail along time ago. I don't envy you...except that you are getting out. ST laughing on the floor.

 I have been married for 3 years today. It's still good. Not too much going on at the moment. It's hot. Sunny. Hot. We are planning our Disneyland vacation for this Oct. Eddie went with us last year. This year we aren't taking the trailer. For $509 we get a 5 day pass to DL and 4 nights stay in the Hampton Inn as well as breakfast each morning. There is no way we could come close to matching that price if we were to drag the trailer with us. The gas alone would be $250. If we take the Focus then the gas is free. Next week we are probably going to take the Focus and head to Colorado Springs to visit Beck's parents. We will leave on Wed and come home on Sun. This will be a free vacation exept for food. Can't beat that with a stick. After that we are heading to MN for Labor Day. Leave Fri morning and come home Sun night. Short trip but my parents really wanted to see Ashlee so they even paid for the tickets! Once again, free vacation except for paying Amy to watch the dogs ($80) and and parking at the airport ($40). Okay, not free but hella cheap. Huh...huh...I said "hella". Then the bros come out to Vegas...well, Mungo, anyway. I will believe 007 when he gets off the plane here in Vegas. Cost of that vacation...unknown...but it can't be too much. Maybe some camping or something like that. Who know's maybe we will go see Niagra Falls since it is only a couple of hours away. Hee hee. Okay, I'm done with blabbing about our vacations. ST...gonna need some relaxation time after this shit is over.

 FW: 325 ACS/DOB: A One Act Play Clean Clean DocumentEmail MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 st1\:*{behavior:url(#default#ieooui) } /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman";} CAST: Airman # 1 Airman #2 Airman #3 SSgt Kershner Squadron CC STAGE: The flight office.&nbsp; SSgt Kershner is seated facing his three CDC students.&nbsp; He is asking questions about command structure and military organization. SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Which combined command's AOR includes Antarctica ?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Where is Antarctica anaway?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Gurl, you stooopit.&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Well I never had to know dat bafore.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Do either of you know where it is?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Oh, don't even axe me CDC questions.&nbsp; I'll kill you on 'em.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Where is it?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;On top of us.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;SSgt Kershner, zat right?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Absolutely.&nbsp; Now, how many countries are in NATO and what are they?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Two countries.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Ooookay... what are they?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;I dun remember.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;One a dems be Europe .&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Ain't the other one Russia ?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;That's close enough.&nbsp; When was the treaty that created NATO signed?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;1969.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Nope.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;1930.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Nope, it was shortly after WWII.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;1970.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Do any of you know when WWII was?&nbsp; Approximately?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;30 years ago, about.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;So.&nbsp; WWII was happening when Nixon was president?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;I guess.&nbsp; I don't really know.&nbsp; Sure.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Ha! You stoopit!&nbsp; Give me 60 dollars because Tupac is better than Emminem.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Girl, I will kick yo sorry ass!&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Is you serious. Serious? Foreal. Awoman canut speek to me-imean she goin' to kickyoass.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Who is, you is?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;That's right, the diva.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;What was you smokin' at lunch?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;They though, oh she's little, I can just whop on her. They didn't once I whuuppeded that ass.&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;That's like the wrong mistake you ever make.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Moving on.&nbsp; Which combined command's AOR includes the Phillipians?&nbsp; Stop laughing.&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Oh!&nbsp; I know this one.&nbsp; It's ah... not AETC... It's... um... is it ACC?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;That's a MAJCOM.&nbsp; No.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Is it NORAD?&quot; SSgt Kershenr:&nbsp; &quot;No.&nbsp; Remember the difference between MAJCOM, Combined Commands, and Unified Commands?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Yes, I know.&nbsp; It's the atlantic ocean so it's NATO.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Acutally NATO is a unified command and the Phillipians are nowhere near the Atlanic ocean.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Oh, so it's PACAF.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;USPACCOM, you were close.&nbsp; Let's switch to data links.&nbsp; Which data link controls both the F/A-18 and F-14?&quot; Airmen #1,2,3:&nbsp; &quot;Umm.......&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Stand by.&nbsp; ROOM, ten-HUT.&quot; **Enter Squadron CC** Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;As you were, as you were.&nbsp; So what are you doin', guys?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Studyin', Sir.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;SSgt Kershner helping you?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;He's confusing us.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;Really?&nbsp; How far are you along on your studying?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;We're going over all three volumes.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;What I mean is, how long have you had your CDC's now?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Oh.&nbsp; Um.&nbsp; I dunno.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;What about you two?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Don't really remember.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Sometime after FTAC, I guess.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;What month was that?&quot; Airmen #1,2,3:&nbsp; &quot;Um....&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;They're all pushing 8 months right now.&nbsp; We're performing mandatory supervised study.&nbsp; We do this everyday.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;Do you mind if I sit in, Erik?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Sure, Sir.&quot; ** All sit at the same table. SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Okay, the last question I asked was which data link controls the F/A-18 and the F-14?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;The F-16?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;No, which DATA LINK?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Oh, data links.&quot; SSg Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Right.&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Ha ha, I got one right!&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;No, no.&nbsp; Which one of the data links controls the navy's jets?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Oh the navy?&nbsp; I thought we were talking about fighters.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Anyone else?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Is it TADIL?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Which one?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;ATDL 1?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;No.&nbsp; TADIL C is capable of controlling the 18 and 14.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Hey... that's what I said!&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;When?&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;Before he came in.&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Very well, perhaps I missed it.&nbsp; Let's go back to Volume 1.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Aww... sergeant Kershner, why you gotta do that?&nbsp; You know I ain't be studyin' that volume in like three months!&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;Good reason, then, for us to go over it.&nbsp; Okay, which combined command's AOR includes Iraq ?&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Um, is it ACC?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;No.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;PACAF?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;No.&quot; Airman #3:&nbsp; &quot;USAFE?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;No.&nbsp; USCENTCOM.&nbsp; All those you three just mentioned are MAJCOMs.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;Well, I have to get going.&quot; **All stand Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;SSgt Kershner, you certainly have your work cut out for you.&nbsp; When will they be testing?&quot; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;They will all test mid September.&nbsp; We have ordered their tests.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;People, you need to take your CDC's very seriously.&nbsp; Sounds like it's sink or swim time.&nbsp; Listen to SSgt Kershner and your NCOs, they know what they're talking about.&nbsp; They've lived these CDCs.&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;I understand that Sir, but it's too hard.&nbsp; And SSgt Kershner is confusing.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;The questions he was just asking you were confusing?&quot; Airman #2:&nbsp; &quot;Yes.&quot; Sq CC:&nbsp; &quot;Tough.&nbsp; Start learning.&quot; **Sq CC exits.&nbsp; SSgt Kershner:&nbsp; &quot;You guys are really fuckin' pissing me off now.&quot; Airman #1:&nbsp; &quot;Why?&quot; **Fade to black on SSgt Kershner committing three counts of murder in the first degree.

 I have nothing to do. 25th Adddsasdfa I am bored out of my skulll. Dasdfasdfhgdgh Flash around. Dasdfgstrewrqew Dash about. Asdffgfgsdfsdfgsdfgsdfgsfdgs Asbfsdfserq Dfasdfaqewrqer Dfaghbvbxcdqwerqq Sdfsddffvfuiyyuyuyuyasduhg Dfaghadaewrrew Df4er fgsdfgsfdgaaqyu Htyasdfghjyu6r Jghgsdffgsdfgsdfgsdfawerdfasderqwera hvbfgsdfgsr 6gsdfbgsdsfgqwerq Twsegtfdfas Resdffdgsdfasdfqwerqwty Taherqwerasdfq Egyfjrrstsdfgsdfgwer Bhddfqwerqwerqwerq Ghgfgdwerqwerqwerwerrq Kuyrtywretywwerqwer CS/Dohdfhdsdfghsrtywerqwefasdf Subterfuge! Peace and Love, Mungo

 The mountain behind us (40 miles) is on fire. So far is has only burned about 50 acres so it is not a large fire by any means. The only reason that I bring it up is that the cloud of smoke has turned the sunlight orange. Cool looking. Beck and I have actually thought about staying in Vegas after I get out of the AF. This is a distant thought. Vegas kind of grows on you after awhile...you know...like a fungus or something. The job market is going to be the deciding factor. I have been pondering learning to drive heavy construction equipment. The big graders, front end loaders, cranes, etc. They can make $35 + &nbsp;an hour and I would be a union man. I think that job sort of sounds fun. Every guy thinks big cranes and shit are cool! I will check in to it and report back with my findings. Okay, off to surf around the net. ST

 Everybody, everybody~ &nbsp; I have a lot I could tell y'all about my weekend, but I'm way too tired to go into it all.&nbsp; So here's the summary.&nbsp; I Friday I napped and played pool with Kelly, Enrique, and Caridad.&nbsp; On Saturday I went jet-skiing with Swiadek, Bug, and Billy.&nbsp; Then we ate at Applebees.&nbsp; Saturday night I went to the Java and watched my friend James play in a jazz band, the Jon West Quartet.&nbsp; Last night I went to an experimental music show.&nbsp; James played in his band Kid Kaboose and the Lunch Box Krew (KK&amp;LBK) The headliner was Skeleton Key... they were faboo, I want you guys to look them up on line.&nbsp; They're from New York.&nbsp; I also spent a lot of time at the Camera Store talking to Amanda, Allison, and Jackie.&nbsp; I got presents from them!&nbsp; The show was definitely the highlight of my weekend.&nbsp; There was an announcment made at the end.&nbsp; &quot;Thanks for coming out tonight.&nbsp; Thanks for getting juice on my speakers.&nbsp; I appriciate it.&quot; &nbsp; Last night I smashed my toe on my guitar case in the dark.&nbsp; It split open and bled all over my carpet and my blankets. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day:&nbsp; KK&amp;LBC - &quot;Pyrus Platipus&quot;

 I am feeling stoopid. Merry Christmas in da house! ST

 I can now see the blog the way it is supposed to be read!!! WOO WOO!!!! (This means WOO WOO!!!! in Webdings)

 I appreciate your concerns on me wearing mops on my head. I have stopped that... for now.I may feel like doing it again in the October time frame... but not right now. ST, I could not go to the link that you posted. It said it was forbidden from this server. Fuck it. I got a care package in the mail yesterday. It was a "Support our Troops" deal from a town that I lived in for 4-5 years 18 years ago. I am still trying to figure out how my name ended up on their list. Not that I don't appreciate the effort, just wondering about how my info got there. Definately a very odd package to recieve. I went to the post office yesterday and saw that wonderful little yellow card. I thought it was from my mom or possibly from the old battle axe, but nope, it was from Winnebago, IL. Dissapointing but at the same time not. This is an odd thought... I was more ready to leave AK by this time (meaning only 4 months and some change left) than I am to leave Korea. Not that I don't want to leave, because trust me I do, but I was really ready to get the hell out of AK by this point. Maybe it is because I only have a 1 year here and it was 4 over there, but either way, this assignment has not been bad overall. This is just a lonely assignment. Meaning I don't have my kid or my best friend anywhere close to me. I am glad that Oldfucker is here, otherwise I think I would have gone nuts at this point. I wish he would fucking blog. Mungo has a good point of him becoming like Bubbles. JUST FUCKING BLOG MOTHER FUCKERS!!!! Eddie

 This is just too funny. It doesn't matter who you will vote for...this is just some funny shit. urlLink Check this out! ST

 I actually did some exercise for two days in a row. Raquetball. Ouch. I am sore. It will be mega, super fun when you guys get to Vegas. I won't believe Slubbles is making it until I hear that his ticket is paid for. So, how can I get rich by doing absolutely nothing? Does that sound crazy? Well, I can dream, right? Buzz off. Mops on your head? What kind of freaky deaky crap are you getting in to over there, Eddie? Hey, I support most of the things that you do (even the stupid stuff) but this might be pushing it just a little bit. Tone it down with the mops and I think that you will be happier. ST

 "Hello all you pies and pie people!&nbsp; Such a lovely gathering of...pies... I'd like to give a very special shout out to Lemon Poo-Tang over there." The Blog Title is off the price tag on my Pepto Bismal.&nbsp; I ate 70% of a whole apple pie last night...in one sitting...and then I went directly to bed.&nbsp; Too much!&nbsp; I wrote two songs last night; this was pre-pie.&nbsp; The first is called, "Silk Wallet Wardrobe."&nbsp; It's about song writing and the&nbsp;ridiculousness of every little thing on Earth.&nbsp; The other song, with a working title of "I Never Want to See a Train Again," is about bashfulness around women and what happens in the most extreme cases.&nbsp; I will be cutting my 2nd CD on Monday (the aniversery of my 1st album entitled "Solid Mud: First Words from the Sea") and I will call it "Raw in its Juice. On Sunday I'm going to a birthday party for me and another girl with my birthday.&nbsp; I can't remember her name, it might be Allison.&nbsp; Anyway, she's only 17, but her boss, Amanda, is the photolab girl who I have a crush on and she invited me out.&nbsp; We're going to an experimental music show.&nbsp; The band is called Kid Konstant and the Lunch Box Crew.&nbsp; Should be a good time on Sunday.&nbsp; I'm seeing Amanda tonight too, after work.&nbsp; I like this girl. Okay all you freaky pie people, I'm going back to an EPR.&nbsp; Eddie, have fun wearing a mop on your head or whatever it is you do during an excercise.&nbsp; Oldshit, are you chillin' with Double O?&nbsp; Haven't seen anything from you in while.&nbsp; ST, I'm definately excited about Vegas.&nbsp; I'll be there the day before Double O flies in, how's that sound? Peace and Love, Mungo

 Yup, that is all I have left. No more. (hopefully) We are in the middle of an exercise that will hopefully end tommorow night. Doubt it, but it is possible. I will be happy if we just end the MOPP shit. Ah well, such is life. Y'all have a good day Eddie

 Okay okay okay!&nbsp; So after talking to my mother last night, I decided once and for all that, YES! I will be moving to AlAskA for shizzle.&nbsp; I had been feeling pretty guilty about getting out of the Air Force and treating my family like just another point on the map for me to hit up on a road trip.&nbsp; After expressing this thought to my momma, she said, "Erik.&nbsp; You'll be 25.&nbsp; You're young yet and you have a whole life ready to be lived.&nbsp; If you move back to Iowa, you... won't live the life you need.&nbsp; You had better move to AlAskA, you had better get back into those mountains, and you had better start school."&nbsp; I love my mommy. I'm feeling very ill today.&nbsp; I do not want to be here no way no how nuh uh. Have I told you guys about the new story I'm working on?&nbsp; Paradise Plain is it's name, my transamerican story is its game.&nbsp; I'm very excited about writing this thing, it's really very excellent... says I.&nbsp; It starts off with a despicable view of Florida's panhandle; specifically juxoposition of the cold and dry proclivity of the locals&nbsp;despite the tropical storms and inherent humidity.&nbsp; From there I move on to tell stories of&nbsp;how I have plenty of&nbsp;good TIMES, but no good DAYS.&nbsp; I have friends and lightning here in the panhandle, but there is nothing (not at all) strong enough to hold me here.&nbsp; Leaving Florida will be like a diet for my life.&nbsp; But with all diets, when you trim the fat, you're bound to lose a little muscle.&nbsp; Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the day:&nbsp; Mungocult - "The Transamerianian Jet-Setter Bum"

 Hot and muggy day here. Not many clouds around here either. 1600 hrs rolls around and all of a sudden the winds start whipping around. The lightning and thunder start roaring. Within 15 min the streets were flooding. Then all hell broke loose. &nbsp; It rained like mad on our side of the valley and the lightning was insane as well. Beck and I were outside trying to get Crazy Daisy to pee and lightning struck just a few blocks away...Beck and I both about jumped out of our skin! My ears were ringing for awhile after that one. I had to venture out to get Tahoe from the vet (teeth cleaning) and I had the windshield wipers on full blast and I was only going 30-35mph. Water was up over the curbs and the streets were pretty much under an inch to a foot of water everywhere. Lightning was striking close by at leat 6-7 a minute. The power in the vets office even went out for a second when lighting struck nearby. &nbsp; The whole stormzilla only lasted about an hour before it passed us. Afterward we could here sirens everywhere and as we were leaving our neighborhood there was a fire truck in front of a house just down the street. We stopped and the neighbors said that they thought it was hit by lightning! Damn dude! &nbsp; On the way back from dinner (about 2 hours after the storm) you would have never thought all hell was just breaking loose. Everything was dried up. &nbsp; Game over, ST

 It is Oldshit's B-Day today (over here) We are going to go out to lunch with some other friends and have a good time. &nbsp; I am still having issues with the blogger. I still can not open the regular one that you just read. I have to sign in and read them that way. That does not work all the time either. This will probably work itself out around the time that I get a connection back in the states. &nbsp; Mungo, What the fuck was with that last post? I am guessing it read all the font stuff and could not do it because of the blogg not allowing it or something. &nbsp; Anyway...... &nbsp; Dueces &nbsp; Eddie

 Message Clean Clean DocumentEmail MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 st1\:* { BEHAVIOR: url(#default#ieooui) } @page Section1 {size: 8.5in 11.0in; margin: 1.0in 1.25in 1.0in 1.25in; mso-header-margin: .5in; mso-footer-margin: .5in; mso-paper-source: 0; } P.MsoNormal { FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: "Times New Roman"; mso-style-parent: ""; mso-pagination: widow-orphan; mso-fareast-font-family: "Times New Roman" } LI.MsoNormal { FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: "Times New Roman"; mso-style-parent: ""; mso-pagination: widow-orphan; mso-fareast-font-family: "Times New Roman" } DIV.MsoNormal { FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; FONT-FAMILY: "Times New Roman"; mso-style-parent: ""; mso-pagination: widow-orphan; mso-fareast-font-family: "Times New Roman" } A:link { COLOR: blue; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; text-underline: single } SPAN.MsoHyperlink { COLOR: blue; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; text-underline: single } A:visited { COLOR: purple; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; text-underline: single } SPAN.MsoHyperlinkFollowed { COLOR: purple; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; text-underline: single } SPAN.EmailStyle17 { COLOR: windowtext; FONT-FAMILY: Arial; mso-style-type: personal-compose; mso-style-noshow: yes; mso-ansi-font-size: 10.0pt; mso-bidi-font-size: 10.0pt; mso-ascii-font-family: Arial; mso-hansi-font-family: Arial; mso-bidi-font-family: Arial } SPAN.GramE { mso-style-name: ""; mso-gram-e: yes } DIV.Section1 { page: Section1 } /* Style Definitions */ table.MsoNormalTable {mso-style-name:"Table Normal"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-parent:""; mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt; mso-para-margin:0in; mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:10.0pt; font-family:"Times New Roman";} I ended up talking to Bubblicious last night too.&nbsp; He said he will have enough money on his next pay check.&nbsp; We spoke briefly about me not moving to AlAskA right away.&nbsp; Then I talked to my brother (he's a garbage man now) and he seems to be doing better.&nbsp; He has steady work, he has plans to start school at NIACC (North Iowa Area Community College) and he's been playing guitar a bunch.&nbsp; It's good to hear my brother sound like a regular happy 20 year old young man!&nbsp; I talked to my pops, he's curious to know why I think moving to AlAskA with no money or moving to Iowa with no money would be easier on me one way or the other.&nbsp; It's a good point.&nbsp; I let him know the same thing I told Double O, I'll call/e-mail/blog everyone involved on Wednesday (after my finance brief)... I'll keep y'all up to date on the Haps. &nbsp; Last night, while I was on the phone with madaddy, insane cold winds started blowing in from the west (the land side), huge amounts of rain started to fall and then the flashes of lightning&nbsp;illuminated the ground like mid-day.&nbsp; Thunder shook the apartment.&nbsp; Larry Kershner remarked, "I reminds me of Elkhart as a kid." &nbsp; Peace and Love, Mungonator &nbsp; Song of the day:&nbsp; Ani DiFranco - "Fuel"

 Things here are swell. What I mean to say is that things here are dandy. Daisy is cute as can be and I will have pictures on my site by the end of this coming weekend. She still doesn't get the whole taking a shit outside but at least she doesn't scream all night. Although, we do get up about every 2-3 hours at night and take her out to pee. I am hoping she will figure out the concept of where to do her thing. Ashlee is still two and you can tell. Can't complain too much since I have seen worse. Life is pretty good here in Las Vegas. They are saying that it may rain today. That would be cool since we only get 4.5 inches of falling water a year. Talk to you fags later. ST

 Forces of Van of the Waals, were baptized forces of London; scatter forces of London.&nbsp; The German physicist Fritz London is out of his mind.&nbsp; Kindsa like this site:&nbsp; http://www.nationmaster.com/encyclopedia/London-forces I like this idea, but I think it sounds better high on tea. Shouting and shouting and shouting! They could make the conditions for something more quiet.&nbsp; London Forces is a surplus of lies. Limes and wacky oranges. Somewhat freshly squeezed, something you can open with your lips. Which never turns sour. I don't know, where the quiet streets are.&nbsp; Are they simple to find? What is the studio called? Is it called Shutter Nose?&nbsp; I mentioned the silent presses to Badoo, but I don't think he heard me.&nbsp; I was so quiet... I whipered it from my tent. I like sparklers. I take a grasp of them, I ignite them and then throw them and let flow directly upward and rain downward upon the heads of others.&nbsp; There is a girl of the photographic machine. Her name is Amanda.&nbsp; She's lovely. You'd look at her parts. She's probably the only girl who knows me most pleasantly in Florida. As soon as I know it completely, we will imply a future in steady plans of disembarkation of Florida together.&nbsp; If you think her a dismountingly responsible person, for she's a dangerous person, your prospective as my friends would make you right.&nbsp; She has a thing for all creation's music and has it arranged in a one-night format, easy to conqure on headphones. We've made it into clear programs for evening.&nbsp; We hope you like it. Skate hard, retard, Nedosis

 &quot;Well That Is That, And These Is These&quot;

 Mungo, I feel your pain brother. I have "senioritis" already. I hate my job, I am not looking forward to going to hill, but I am looking forward to leaving Korea. Don't get me wrong. I love controlling. There is nothing in the AF that I would want to do, but the office shit drives me insane and seeing where this AF is going, I don't want to be a part of it. I am ready to be a cop. If that does not work out for some reason, I have no problems with driving a postal vehicle. If that don't work out, I would work for my uncle with his business. The SRB still does not make me want to stay in. In fact, the only reason I would re-enlist is if I could max out the bonus. But that is still not incentive enough. My supervisors want me to stay in. Most of them want me to go to AWIDS. That is nice to know that they have confidence in me, but I don't care at this point. I have done more than my fair share of time and am ready to get the fuck out. ST... How is the new pup working out? Later Bro's

 In four easy steps! 1) After answering a call, press the &quot;transfer&quot; button &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With the exception of my month of wavering, from the moment I joined the Air Force I have planned on separation.&nbsp; I hit the transfer button right away 2) Dial &quot;3&quot; then the extension you wish to transfer the call to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Double O is the man for letting me stay at his house in Anchorage.&nbsp; I can't wait to get back to AlAskA.&nbsp; Leaving Panama City is good enough, leaving Florida is even better, but leaving the south and gaining AlAskA is the most I could ask for and best it could have turned out.&nbsp; There really is no end to my excitement. 3) Wait for the receiving party to answer.&nbsp; When they have opened the line, simply hit the &quot;transfer&quot; button again &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His friend, Billy, is going to be moving into an apartment around the same time I will be getting up there, and I will probably end up moving in with Billy.&nbsp; Billy looks like a mountain man... or a biker, depending on how much sleep he's got. 4) Listen to ensure that the transfer worked, then hang up &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess all I have to do now is wait it out.&nbsp; I have 44 days left in the Air Force.&nbsp; That's just amazing.&nbsp; I've been trying my very hardest not to let &quot;senioritis&quot; hit me.&nbsp; But I think it has.&nbsp; I know this part of my life is about over.&nbsp; Sometimes it's a depressing thought, but mostly I remember that I have had some really great times that I never would have experienced had I not joined the Air Force.&nbsp; I wouldn't have met any of you.&nbsp; But this part of my life is over, and it's time for me to get on with what I really want to do with my life:&nbsp; SPACE TRAVEL Peace and Love, Mungo

 I went to Fort Walton Beach and swam in a hotel pool that looked like Mikey Mouse's head.&nbsp; I swam and drank beer with Kevin, Tommy, Elaine, and their friend Jamie for 4 or 5 hours.&nbsp; It was a good time.&nbsp; Then I went to Target and bought a tee-shirt that says, &quot;DUDE.&quot;&nbsp; It's rippin' awsome.&nbsp; For diner we went to Olive Garden where we all got full on bread sticks and house salad and didn't have much of an appitite for our main courses...which none of us ate very much of.&nbsp; Also had a beer and a wine there.&nbsp; Then we went back to the hotel and drank and listened to music.&nbsp; Then we went to Morris' house and drank more, watched &quot;Airheads,&quot; almost passed out.&nbsp; Then Kevin drove us back to his house and we played guitar, drank beers, and finally passed out...hard.&nbsp; Then we woke up at 0700 and went canoeing.&nbsp; We drank a whole bunch of Gatorade.&nbsp; It has been over 100 degress in Florida too.&nbsp; S.T., I feel your pain-o, yo.&nbsp; Paino, piano... pa-tato, pa-toto.&nbsp; Last night I played GHOST RECON: JUNGLE THUNDER until almost 2300 when I HAD to got to bed. Got to go find missing airmen. Mungo

 Daisy is in the house. Weenie dog and Yorkie Terrier mix. Cute as hell. 3 months old. ST

 Today (as well as yesterday) we are going to go look at dogs. Yes, Beck wants to find a friend for Tahoe. Noble idea...just a pain in the ass! Okay, so it is my job to be grumpy about this. I am sure that I will love the dog and it will be better for Tahoe to have a playmate. STILL A PAIN IN MY ASS! Oh yeah, and we are going to check out some stuff for Eddie's new place...well, his new place to be...in a few months...next year...sometime. ST

 Here I am in Ft Walton. Mark Morris has a laptop. I don't have much to say. But I have had a lot to drink. Ya ya! West side. You all all my heros. I can't wait until September. Nake pictures of Bee Arthur. Peace and Love, Mungo

 So there I am, I am checking the blog every day and trying to think of shit to write about. Well, Not much is going through my mind. I will have this to say though... A few days ago, It got ugly. All of our missions cancelled and they turned the beer light on at the squadron. Not a bad thing in most cases. I had a couple beers then my sup busted out the shots and said "Ahh, come on Skid, just take one" so I did. But he did not stop at one. and I don't remember most of the night. I puked for the first time since I have been here. I think this is because if I had taken a breathalizer test I would have blown well over a .20. Not a good thing. I could not walk home. I was basically drug home by 2 people. I then fell and hit my head on the toilet while going to puke. I have a small gash on the middle of my forehead. I was told it bled quite a bit. I also fucked up my knee which is now getting better except when I put latteral pressure on it. I am not particullarly proud of this moment, but I figured that y'all would want to know how much of an idiot I can be. I am also not proud of this because I think I was about a shot away from alcohol poisoning. I NEED to leave this place. 4.5 months left and hopefully no more occasions like that again. Sorry ST for not bloggin' more. Eddie

 I have no problems being the only one to blog. I think that in a year or so it will be a blast to see what was going through my mind. Well, it is Friday and life is good. We had Beck's nephew, Michael, and a friend of his drive down from UT to take care of some stuff so they are using our house to crash at. He called on the day they were coming to ask if it was okay...geez, a little more notice would have been nice. Oh well, no biggie. Beck and I are going to get up and go riding tomorrow at 0500 to try and beat the heat. Riding in 110 degrees is NOT fun. I think that we are also going to go to the pound and look at dogs. It would be nice for Tahoe to have a friend since I think he gets bored during the day. I don't know if we can get as lucky as we did with Tahoe. We will probably come home empty handed but it will be nice to look. We got the truck washed yesterday and the idots at the car wash put Armor All on the steps! I have almost busted my ass several times getting in the damn truck...some people. Done. ST

 Mungo stated somewhere that he was really concerned about having fun on a jet ski because of the pollution it causes. Mungo...sorry dude, I have to school you on this one. Your concern is a typical "Liberal" environmentalist response and must be dealt with in the harshest manner! ;) How many miles do you think you have driven your car just because you were bored? Jones runs, etc? I bet that adds up to quite a few gallons of gas. Having fun on jet skis or quads every now and then isn't going to kill all the cute little animals. Everything in moderation. Have fun and try not too worry too much. ST

 The official high here was 108. In the real world driving around it was at least 110+. This is the time of year that I hate Vegas. Just too damn hot to do anything. We won't see high's below 100 for probably 2 months or longer. Not too much going on. I want to go ride my quads but the heat is just too much. Maybe I will get up around 0500 this weekend and go. Then again...maybe not. ST out

 Well, yesterday was yet another 12 hour work day. This shit is getting old. Actually I am just trying to keep on ridin' that wave to get the fuck outta here. nothing exciting going on over here. The weekend was un-eventful for the most part. Just did the typical thing people do over here. Drink, screw around. Wish there were something more for me to add, but there ain't.

 FRIDAY:&nbsp; played 20 holes of golf/played Rainbow Six 3 on PS2 SATURDAY:&nbsp; drove to Crestview to see Aaron Wood (of airport fame)/played poker and croquet SUNDAY:&nbsp; swam/floated in the Gulf of Mexico/played Rainbow Six 3/watched The Day After Tomorrow MONDAY:&nbsp; started writing a new story ("Paradise Plain") about my trip from Florida to AlAsKA That's right, I've begun the story before the events have taken place.&nbsp; What of it?&nbsp; Did everyone have a great time on their breaks?&nbsp; I hope so!&nbsp; (could someone send a blog update to me via e-mail?&nbsp; That would be sweet.) I had a good weekend.&nbsp; A little burnt, but it was good.&nbsp; Tonight I'm going out with the girl at the camera store.&nbsp; She doesn't know it yet, but, by goodness, it's going to happen. Peace and Love, Mungo Song of the Day:&nbsp; Pele - "Wounded Dog Walks Heathy"

 Home from camping. Boy was it beautiful up in the mountains! We just found a spot off of a dirt road and camped. There was a creek with a little waterfall right by us. Our nearest neighbor was about 1/4 mile away and it was amazing! There are so many ATV trails to ride that you could be there for weeks and not see them all. The downside. My kid was the total "terrible two". Beck and I just about lost our minds because Ashlee would throw a fit about ANYTHING. Sunday she wasn't too bad though and we got some good riding in. On Sat night we went into the small town (population about 1500 or so) and watched a really cool fireworks show. Great time. You may be wondering why they had the fireworks on Sat and not Sun. In Mormon country Sun is family time and you don't really go out and do stuff. Overall the trip was amazing. Where are all the basards at? No one blogging any more? ST

 I am so ready to get the hell out of Vegas for the weekend. Will blog when we get home. Have a good 4th. ST out.

 Yesterday I went into work at around 0700. I had to go in early to control a tanker mission. No big deal because I was supposed to be done at 1600. Well, then I instructed a person and hooked him on it. The flight started off with an emergency that the student did really well with. Better than most qualified controllers do that I have seen. Then the mission came. I don't really know how to describe it other than... It was all fucked up. Not many calls were correct. So I hooked him. This now meant that I had to go to the debrief with him. the debrief started at 1930. I was not done until 2100. It was a long fucking day. That is pretty much the eventful stuff for that day. I got done with work and went out, met Oldfart, and drank a few beers and wound down. I have to go into work today (a day off for the base) for a DOT meeting. How I got roped into this I don't know. I am not even attatched to DOT. But, my flight CC wanted me there. That is coming up in about 2 hours or so. Have fun camping ST. Eddie

 Double O, &nbsp; Go to Denver.&nbsp; It's cheaper and I understand what being strapped for cash is all about.&nbsp; It doesn't matter so much to me what we do in Vegas.&nbsp; At the risk of sounding like a Munjacill, I'll be happy just to have three of the four of us together.&nbsp; I think we all agree on that. &nbsp; Buy your ticket to Denver, Bubbley Toes.&nbsp; I'll pick you up, we'll drive onto the VegasValley like cowboys on a little blue, over burdened horse. Have Ticket, Will Travel, Mungo Song of the Day:&nbsp; Modest Mouse - &quot;Cowboy Dan&quot;

 Ok. here is the options>>>>> Leaving Alaska on the 15Th because I MUST WORK. We are VERY under-manned right now. To Las Vegas=$284 Leave 23:10 15 sept arrive 09:15 16 sept To Denver =$162 Leave 23:10 15 sept arrive 06:15 16 sept And then traveling with Mungo to Vegas via Saturn. I am looking for the cheapest way possible. The more money I have when i get there, the more i will be able to have to get back to anchorage. What should I do??? Absopositively, Uttercasiously, and Stupificatiedly Confused; Double Bubble Burp-A-Cola

 Dear Double O, &nbsp; It would be very very cool if you could get your ticket for the 14th or 15th of September.&nbsp; It's earlier than we had planned for, but that's what ST says will work best for him.&nbsp; I know that you have your own schedule to work out and that your days off work differently than our leave does.&nbsp; If ST can take leave inbetween weekends, that would give us all 9 days straight for campin's and whatnots.&nbsp; If we don't make it into Vegas until the 16th, campin will probably be out of the question. &nbsp; However, Mike wants to take leave in between weekends, and that would be the 13th - 17th OR the 20th - 24th.&nbsp; I'm not sure what the 15th has to do with the weekends, September 15th is a Wednesday. &nbsp; No matter how it works out, the most important thing is that we'll all be able to hang out, drink coffees, go for some drives, wait for the cake to come down the chimney, blow out all the candles on our colored eggs, and have people sing Valentine carols to us as we all open our pumpkins.&nbsp; We'll make the best of the time no matter what. &nbsp; But dude.&nbsp; If you don't have your ticket by the 15th of August, ST can't garuntee he'll get his leave.&nbsp; I'll be callin' yas Wednesday night, still.&nbsp; Peace out foolio. Skate hard, Retard, Mungo

 Tonight is my last night on the puter until Sun night. I am overnight tomorrow then we leave for CO as soon as I walk in the door on Wed morning. My brother gets in to Vegas tomorrow and will be going to CO with us to visit Beck's parents and ride the quads. Talk to you fools later. ST out.

 I see the whole 007 thing is going to be a big cluster fuck. Oh well, I should have expected that. So now you guys are going to get here on the night of the 16th and NOT the 15th? Well, I am not taking fucking leave on the 15th or 16th. The way it was originally planned is that you guys would be here from a weekend to a weekend so I wouldn't have to take leave over a weekend if we go camping. Oh well. I am sure we will figure out something. I am not taking leave over a weekend so that is going to rule out camping since we would have to go from a Fri to a Mon or Tue. Sorry, but I am not using extra leave because of shitty planning. I have no doubt that we will have fun...just let me know what is going on so I can adjust the leave that is on the books (for the second time). If this isn't sorted out and final by Aug 15 then I am just going to take my leave off the books. ST...EDITED OUT....

 Eddie:&nbsp; Yes, everything you read about my airmen and the Sq CC is 100% true. ST:&nbsp; You are a busy mofo! Oldshit:&nbsp; You are a nonblogging bastard Double O:&nbsp; You'll never read this Okay, so.&nbsp; Der is the Earth.&nbsp; Chillin'.&nbsp; ROUND!&nbsp; Hokay!&nbsp; I have completed about 70% of my out processing.&nbsp; I am under a shitload of stress right now.&nbsp; I have the messiest apartment in Florida's Panhandle and I have my walk through Monday morning at, like, 0800... My final out is 0930. I took pictures of last night's electrical storm.&nbsp; I'm taking my lunch at the camera store.&nbsp; I'm outie. Closing the gap, Mungo

 Here is the latest e-mail correspondence I have had with Double O: --- I'm all about the oil today. Hey, let me know when you buy your ticket mantis. Mungo --- im going to call Alaska Airlines today to see how much a stand by ticket will be.&nbsp; I went to One Stop Travel yesterday and the total was $321.&nbsp; Im not paying that much.&nbsp; I have the option to use my ID 90 privilages through NAC, but the only problem is that I may be stuck at ANC International for a few hours.&nbsp; I will keep you posted. Bubbles --- copy all. by the way, I could be leaving Florida as early as 9 Aug! --- alaska airlines can suck my cock.&nbsp; $774 for a ticket!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; but I did find something cheeper online, i just need to know which direction you plan on dirving.&nbsp; I can get a ticket to denver for really, really, really cheep.&nbsp; but a ticket to vegas is about $280, denver $150.&nbsp; let me know. Double O --- i'll be going through denver --- I will be going on wednesday to by my ticket.&nbsp; As you will be going through Denver, you will be picking me up on the drive by.&nbsp; It will be in Denver around the morning of the 16th of September; between 07:00and 10:00.&nbsp; I will be working on the 15th till 14:30, but flying out around 22:00 that night. Sincerely Working My ASS Off Double O --- So.&nbsp; I'll camp out near Denver on the 15th.&nbsp; I will find the airport and pick you up the next morning, the 16th.&nbsp; We will drive together to Las Vegas.&nbsp; We will have fun.&nbsp; Then we will drive to Anchorage and maybe make a stop to visit Chris Klatt in Utah along the way.&nbsp; I'll call you Wednesday night to make sure you've got your ticket and get the time from you. My last day here is next Monday. Killa. Mungo

