 I am 29% Geek urlLink You probably work in computers, or a history deptartment at a college. You never really fit in with the "normal" crowd. But you have friends, and this is a good thing. urlLink Take the Geek Test at fuali.com

 when i am stressed and worried (and -surprise, surprise!- i am both, at the moment), i keep getting additional worries. my mind wants more for entertainment, i guess, a little bit of variety from the same worries about uni and law and moving to another country. you know, my mind likes worries about pregnancy. the result was that i took a preggie test yesterday, for no real reason, no missed pills, no missed periods, no torn or slipped condoms, nothing - only completely unreasonable, unfounded worries, for nothing but the thrill of my own fertility. one might think that at age 24, sexually sane and informed and in a stable loving relationship, i'd have understood that my current risk of being pregnant is low because of timely and accurate pill use (all well before their best before dates are due), a possible diagnosis of pcos and 2 withdrawal bleeds since i last had sex of any kind; but alas, it took a single blue line on a stick to make that space in my head worry-free again. i am not sure what sparked this, aside from my aforementioned other life worries and stresses and a gym mate's brandnew pregnancy, and as a result, i am not quite sure what to do to avoid it in the future. were i someone asking for advice at urlLink scarleteen , i'd tell myself to consider readiness and add methods of contraception. readiness is not the question really, as these worries come up when i am stressed and not having sex, and i doubt changing contraceptive methods or adding any, would change much either. the only option i would consider is switching to urlLink implanon , which i am not so sure about. -i might want to have a child in the next five years. and i guess that's it, actually. i might want to have children. i realised, yesterday afternoon, waiting for my five minutes to pass, that what i am worried about is possibly not the being pregnant thing (even though that is still a mighty scary prospect) but rather failing to recognize that i am pregnant because of the pill's induced withdrawal bleed, being pregnant and not knowing, missing out on time to have options and unknowingly harming a fetus. i realised that i might have a baby now. don't get me wrong, i am far from urgently wanting a baby, from feeling the urge to breed. - being a parent is still more responsibility for another human being than i'd want at the moment, and i still dream of marriage before children, still want to have a while alone with evan before we start thinking about having a family, i want to have a career and all. however, the older i get and the more i am sure about evan being the person i want to be with for the rest of my life, the less i think "there is no way i could do this baby thing now" . which is a bit bizarre. would i get pregnant, it would still be difficult, and life-changing and whatever, but it wouldn't be as big a drama, would't need as much changing of plans as it would have needed a few years back. this is not my estrogens talking here, it's just what i realised, being eerily calm looking at the blue pigments moving over the test field of the stick. now that's a realisation i need to take time adapting to.

 freshly updated urlLink pg-13 - the little site i keep for linking from urlLink scarleteen . urlLink the workout log - information no one cares about, updated daily.

 i've finally started progressing with my novel again. i am not sure i'll manage the 50.000; too far am i away from any goals i should have reached already. but well, i'll still try somehow. it's too interesting so far. a bizarre thing, this fast food novel writing, my brain has picked up all these bits and pieces from people around me, places i have been and melted them together into these characters and places that have taken on a life of their own, quite strange. it's not biographical, at all, thankfully, because i'd just suck at that and wouldn't manage to read it, ever again. yet these characters i have come up with are just so familiar, behaving in familiar ways, yet also resolving matters never resolved in real life. i notice revenge, too. it's been satisfying, almost, finally resolving that break-up scene i've been wanting to do unto one of my characters. i wonder what his real life blueprints (all three of them, in fact) were to think if they read about him. would they recognize themselves? i remember urlLink stumbling over thorsten's published stories early this year, worrying, for a milisecond, that i might be in them (yes, how narcistic of me), but of course, i wasn't. but what would i have done if i had been? i have been travelling down memory lane a little as a result of this writing and thinking, and it's been strange, these google searches that came up with new things, reading what i've chronicled about past events, longing for my old paper journals to see whether i do remember correctly. again, as often this time of the year, my thoughts go to frank quite a bit (& inevitably thorsten, too, so intertwined is it all) - this time around 8 years ago, i met frank for the first time, and it's been 6 years since i last heard of him, saw him. no "sort of" resolution as with thorsten 2 years ago, and that just makes me wonder, from time to time, whether i ever left an imprint in his life, whether he ever thinks of me, whether he still has that tape i gave him, the letters we sent, whether he remembers the discussions we had, whether he remembers that wednesday afternoon in may. i wonder whether whoever runs their website checks their stats, notices these regular searches for his full name and tells him about it. i am sure if i knew he did ocassionally remember me, in a friendly way, my obsessive thoughts would return less frequently. but i don't know, and really do not feel like checking whether he does... *it is* all i want, really, not to be forgotten by someone who used to be important for me. wondering about it hurts far less than realising that he does not remember me. something woke me up must have been the rain and for no good reason here you are inside my head again i know i won't go back to sleep now i'm in a mood must be the midnight rain, the midnight rain so i get up and wander around in my dressing gown put the kettle on, some music too but not too loud 'cause the neighbours complain so i keep it soft and low just about the sound of the midnight rain, midnight rain what coast are you on? what country? is it raining there? is it morning or midnight? are you walking barefoot or have you got your shoes on? is there somebody there with you? are you talking soft and low underneath the sound of the midnight rain, midnight rain? i just want you to know where ever you are where ever you go i hope you're under a lucky star where ever you are "midnight rain" ~paul kelly~

 urlLink proof that revenge plans can -quite literally- backfire. not a bad contestant for the urlLink darwin awards , me thinks.

 urlLink essendon fans give scott lucas a lovely report card for the 2002 season. hooray for scottaaaay! :)

 urlLink

 urlLink it's that time of the year again... with november (and hence urlLink nanowrimo , now that's scary.) almost halfway over, it's time to get ready for this year's urlLink link and think on world aids day, december 1st. Link and Think is an observance of World AIDS Day in the personal web publishing communities. The project involves hundreds of webloggers, journalers, diarists and other personal website publishers, each linking to resources about HIV/AIDS or publishing personal stories about how the AIDS pandemic has affected them. urlLink last year, i blogged solely about hiv/aids on december 1st , - in both a personal and educational way, and i plan on doing just that again this year. will you urlLink join , too?

 "That's all anyone ever wants, isn't it? Not to be forgotten? If you can't be with someone, whether it be man, woman or a dumbass little dog, you just want them to miss you, to wish sometimes you could still be around." urlLink right on , urlLink shauny .

 this feels like a "real" morning after. a bit sour and lonely. odd. andre eisermann should give out disclaimers with the tickets for his readings. am still flooded with thoughts and feelings triggered by last night, which make me feel all fragile and open and lonely. miss evan. on top of that, it's grey and raining like it is the end of the world and i got lots of work for the day, but feel directionless, overwhelmed, cold and slightly sick. if my stomach trouble keeps going this way without me taking evening primrose oil, i guess i have to see a doc this week. duh. what a counterpoint to last nights high.



 was all housewifey this afternoon, finally doing some ironing and cleaning my kitchen. don't know why it's been so hard to motivate me for cleaning and tidying up, lately, seems almost like i have temporarily flipped out of that obsessive compulsive side of my personality. while i was busy in the kitchen, i decided to finally renew the yellow washable foil i have on my kitchen walls, which i have wanted to do for month. was quite tricky, that fighting with big pieces of adhesive foil all alone, but much needed. didn't turn out as straight as i would have wanted, but it's good enough. need to do more of these basic little renovation things in the next few weeks. - this week, my bosses wife, di, asked me whether she, her youngest daughter and her sister can stay at my place for a few nights in january while i am in australia, and i -of course- said yes. want to be employed by her husband next year, after all. he. actually, i felt more obliged because we had wanted to catch up here, and as i'll be in australia at that time, i felt like i needed to do *something* instead. - and i won't mind them staying here while i am away one bit. just need to boss-proof my flat now, de-clutter it, clean up extra well, tidy the desk and kitchen and prepare a "how to work my flat" guide and put together a some material to the city and the region. won't be too hard. and di already told me, that she'll frame evan's diplomas for me, free of charge in return. hooray! :) today ran by again with gym, and this cleaning. - it's already past 6pm, and i am waiting for my deep conditioner to be done working. - feel the sudden, very intense urge to really pretty up for tonights reading. i am such a literature groupie, it's sickening. have always been: put a male being in front of me who writes books, and i get all weak in the knees. the excitement usually results in me making a total fool of myself in the end: has happened with bejamin von stuckrad barre, has happened at that previous seminar with andre eisermann, has happened with ralf rothmann, robert schneider and at the frankfurt bookfair. i rarely get starstruck with tv people, but with authours: all the time. anyway. should be fun tonight, i hope. just need to keep my mouth shut when its my turn in the signature queue (even though i feel the urge to tell him that his show in berlin, 3 years ago, wasn't as terrible as he described him in his book). off i go to wash out my conditioner. and please, no one ask about nanowrimo.

 today has passed me by, completely. was quite reluctant to get going this morning - it was just too warm and cosy in my bed, and too grey, rainy and stormy outside. -a perfect day for fall coziness of the couply kind - if evan had been here, the ideal thing to do would have been to spend a good part of the day between the sheets with him (admittedly, not just because of the weather, but also because of my currently rather lively libido, which has to find relief with my gigolo for just 31 more days) and the rest of the day snuggling up in a cafe, cooking a decent dinner together and seeing a movie or so. miss him a lot today - partly because our phone contact has been a bit less frequent and extensive than usual - he's currently in merimbula, where there's no landline - and calling an aussie mobile is 11 times more expensive than calling an aussie landline. duh. but we'll manage with calls just every other day for another week, no doubt about it. we managed without calls for a lot longer while he was on bathurst island (nt) last year, after all. - it just makes me realize (yet again), how much more enjoyable my life is with input by him , preferably real life involvement,- but even the phone call variety makes a difference. am so much looking forward to leaving next month - still a bit surreal that i will be back in australia already; considering how little has happened since i returned, and how little will (most likely) happen in the next 5 weeks, it hardly seems worth it that i bothered to return at all. can blame myself for it, of course - after all, i do little against my attitude that life over here sucks, and that all i have to do is get my matters straightened and then leave for good. anyway. once i managed to drag myself out into the world around noon today, i did some minor shopping and then urlLink went to the gym, where i spend more than 2 hours sweating and getting through torturous exercises by visualising myself in a bikini . - felt excellent afterwards. and that was my one achievement of the day, really. the afternoon just flew by over a late (and much needed) lunch, saturday arvo telly (dawsons's creek, which made me shudder in disgust about the negative attitude towards sex as presented in urlLink today's episode and family law. yes, i am a pathetic thing without a life.) and wasting time online, catching up with a few blogs i hadn't checked for ages. also need to write several long overdue email and spend some time at scarleteen. have been so bad at keeping online connections at the moment... also need to write a few thousand words for my novel - was quite unproductive both yesterday and today because the end of a relationship that i imagined has been quite difficult to put into words so that it makes some sort of sense. a very constructeded part of the story, but very much necessary so that that character can get a lifecrisis and come out of it improved. still haven't given up on my goal of 16.000 by tomorrow night, specifically before i leave the house to see urlLink andre eisermann , which would be sort of 8pm-ish. quite a goal, indeed, considering i also want to spend another 2 hours at the gym in the morning. late night writing session, here i come.

 while procrastinating - aeh, i mean researching- instead of writing my novel, i happened to once again type the name of someone i loved ages ago into urlLink google . and it's come up with a few new things this time. and both an eMail address and phone number. oy. i shouldn't be doing this. i hate being tracked down on the net myself (and good lord, that has happened twice in recent months and made me think about going anonymous), i shouldn't be tracking other people down and think about contacting them. oy. but it's oh so tempting.

 send over the men with the tight white jackets that close in the back. i'm listening to urlLink "keeping secrets" by urlLink motor ace online. i'm homesick for bad australian music on the radio. homesick for melbourne. homesick for warm weather. homesick for my boy (today, i miss his taste and smell the most). hmph. i guess one step away from melabcholy would be to stop eating urlLink timtams . not only will they urlLink make me look bad on the beach once i am in oz again, they also make me all melodramatic. hmph. luckily, there are only 6 left in the last "indulgence pack" i have, the self-induced suffering will be over, soon.

 this makes my ip-lawyer-to-be heart beat in excitement and anticipation. urlLink law.com: judge favors bondage barbie : Toy manufacturer Mattel Inc. is not entitled to summary judgment in a copyright infringement case against a British woman who sold sexually explicit dolls made with a Barbie doll product, a federal judge in New York judge has ruled. Susanne Pitt, who operated the now-defunct www.dungeondolls.com, had offered for sale on the Web site a "dungeon doll" made partly of Mattel's SuperStar Barbie. SuperStar Barbie is an unadorned head sculpture based on Mattel's famous Barbie doll. Pitt allegedly attached a body of her own making to the SuperStar Barbie head and also used it in a sexual explicit story on her Web site. (...) The judge used one of Pitt's Dungeon Dolls that was purchased by Mattel's counsel to make her determination. The Dungeon Doll's dress, which Pitt described as "'Lederhosen-style' Bavarian bondage dress and a helmet in rubber with a PVC-mask and a waspie," convinced Swain that the product was sufficiently different in design from a typical Barbie-related toy. (...) "Defendant's 'touch-ups' of the dolls plus the setting she creates for them transform, to put it mildly, the original doll to an extent beyond merely supplanting it," Swain wrote. "A different analysis would apply if Defendant had, for example, dressed Barbie dolls in a different style of cheerleader outfit than those marketed by Mattel. To the Court's knowledge, there is no Mattel line of 'S&M' Barbie." "Defendant's customizing appears to have evoked the image of Barbie while transforming the Barbie doll sufficiently that the quality and quantity of her copying weigh against a judgment as a matter of law in favor of Plaintiff," the decision stated. "It appears that there is slim to no likelihood that Dungeon Dolls would serve as a market substitute for Barbie dolls. The extent to which the context and character of the Dungeon Dolls transformed the unadorned Barbie head weighs against Plaintiff on the current record." lederhosen style bavarian bondage dress? s&m barbie? urlLink the nypost shows a picture . he. what a funky thing to do in court, on both sides even. however, i have the duty to be partial to mattel ever since being admitted to their awesome showroom.... awww. i still long for the urlLink "me so hungry" cookie monster .

 urlLink Friday Five 1. Did you vote in your last elections? sure. i voted for german parliament on september 8th, 2002, about two weeks before the official election day, while sitting at evan's parents dinner table in melbourne. quite exciting, this absentee ballot thing, i loved it, even though voting was odd because i felt a bit out of touch with germany because i had missed out on all debates and the flood. from a legal point of view, my vote would have been invalid (had anyone noticed) because i wasn't alone when making my two crosses, and even took a photo of me and ballot. ooops! :) 2. Do you know who your elected representatives are? sure. the member of parliament for my electoral district is urlLink gernot erler , spd. he didn't get my vote, though. 3. Have you ever contacted an elected representative? If so, what was it about? no. i have approached candidates up for (re-)elections though, while they were in the campaign trail downtown on weekends, mainly asking them what they were planning on supporting should they be elected and asking why i -as a young female voter- should support them. 4. Have you ever participated in a demonstration? yes, but not that often. have demonstated against the the war against iraq (12 years ago), against neo-nazis and for university reform, longer opening hours of the university library and more funding. am not really one for demos, but currently feel the urge to show up at the airport when the foo fighters arrive in melbourne to protest their support of the aids dissident movement (who believe that hiv does not cause aids, and that people who die of aids/hiv actually die from the medication they receive. insanity.). 5. Have you ever volunteered in an election? What was the result? nope.

 urlLink googlisms caro is able to survive by keeping a secret diary for observations caro is fighting against her mask caro is lots of fun caro is a real stunner caro is an amazing girl to know caro is a writer of great descriptive powers caro is not interested in love stories evan is a sexpot evan is one sophisticated dude evan is ok evan is a young australian vampire evan is not gay evan is very thorough evan is proof that playing live music is a great way to release nervous energy evan is different from most he. :) (via urlLink shauny )

 urlLink i must admit that i found that fight/nookie scene deeply erotic. blame my vampire fetish. blame spike. he.

 while cleaning out the cupboard under my sink i stumbled over the usual assortment of paper and plastic bags that inevitably keeps collecting in there. it happens every few months - no matter how often i remind myself to take along my backpack and a spare linen bag when grocery shopping and therby be a good responsible, earth-conscious german, i do forget, and hence need to buy (!) bags from time to time. that's why i keep them. i paid for them. good money, 15 - 30 cents, depending on shop, bag size and choice of paper or plastic. they are costly these things, and i should reuse them. and i do. which makes the bag collection under the sink quite unruly: there's almost spanking new bags (non reused) and reused ones with torn bottoms and the bags i just keep because, well just because. plastic bag memorabilia, how low can you go. i am a messy, and keep things. so shoot me, but i keep that one bag from lygon books, because lygon books ain't no more and because it was a lovely bookshop and because that friday night i was there 2 years ago to buy "once upon a collins st", there was a kid waiting behind the corner that reminded me of myself at my rents bookshop. and there's more overseas bags. duty free shop bags. a bag from the prague wax museum (not that i've ever been there). some myer bags that i wrapped my shoes in in my suitcase. two large bombers bags, from shopping for memorabilia at their shop at windy hill. amongst the paper & plastic bag rubble was also a small crumply and partly torn green, black and yellow paper bag from lush in london. oh, urlLink lush . i sniffed the bag, and sure, it still smelt like lush shops smell and like what i transported in it (butterballs, buffy the backside slayer, sympathy for the skin, silky underwear). quite a miracle, after being stacked in the cupboard under the sink for a few months. on further inspection (not that you can get much further inspecting a paper bag than sniffing it, i admit), i realised why i had kept that -admittely very crumply, torn, non-reusable bag. it has lush's mission statement on it. under the headline "a lush life", they set out what they believe in. the first few paragraphs are pretty much what you'd expect. "we believe in...making fresh organic products by hand...without animal ingredients...we believe words like "fresh" and "organic" have honest meaning beyong marketing...yadayada." great. but not unexpected, correct? and then there's the second last paragraph. "we believe in long candlelit baths, massage, filling the house with perfume and in the right to make mistakes, lose everything and start again." what good-smelling smart people these lush folks are. and now that i've preserved that smart statement, i can finally release that small crumply paper bag into the paper recycling bin.

 today, two people at the gym -independent from each other- approached and asked me how much weight i had lost, congratulated me on my success and told me i looked great. odd, someone approaching someone else in the gym about progress. even more odd, considering that i haven't lost any weight and haven't worked out as much as i wanted (and needed) to lately. strange. hmph.

 have been nanowrimo-ing like wildfire this afternoon. after 5 days of blankness, and inspiration hitting and characters finally talking to me yesterday, i have completed my draft, am well into my second chapter (if only 4.059 words into the 50.000) and am loving every single minute of it. once i manage my goal of more than 16.000 by sunday, i'll be on track word wise. should be doable, should my characters stay as interesting as they are. it's amazingly entertaining, this stuff. shared the details of the characters and the first chapters with tina, and she deemed it fun, too. and it is, how could it not especially for me, and her? there's a friendship in the novel (the two are the anchors of the rest of the story), and of course the two are a big mingle of tina and me in many ways. how could they not be? he. can't wait to see whether my characters will behave the way i expect them to behave. oh, the excitement.

 oh, and i've urlLink worked out , too! it's fear that drives me. fear of wearing a bikini in front of other people, fear of wiggly thighs, beaches and summer. he.

 bought a ticket today to see urlLink andre eisermann read from his first book this sunday. quite excited about this, he's such a fabulously talented actor/author/performer, and every time i've seen him or met him (as i did, 6 years ago, at a small, intimate seminar on "brother of sleep") has been fabulous. it's inappropriate to throw undies during book readings, isn't it?

 i don't like this town much at the moment. i feel isolated, and all i can think about is leaving: how many urlLink days, hours, seconds until i get to board the cathay pacific flight to melbourne, whether things i purchase now will last until i prepare to head off, whether i will manage to be the shape i want to be in when i leave et al. quite silly. i am well aware that i am making the now worse by being so focused on the future. very un-eckart tolle. there are things i need to do now, things i need to deal with now, appointments i should make and talks i should have, but all i think about is how to make time fly by, how to avoid people, how to make myself look good within the next 30 days, how to get to gym as often as possible, how to just get over the next 30-something days, and quickly and effectively and efficiently, too. nanowrimo-ing is part of that avoidance and time wasting. while i am 5 days behind (no way to write while i was still with the parents) and will hence have to my novel "eclipse" at 2.000 words a day for the next 25 days, i am quite positive about it. what a way to waste time. perfect. quite odd to see my characters come to life: one minute ago, they weren't there, and now they've been pixellated into word, they are suddenly opening up and telling me about their past and present, and their wishes and who they've been to bed with. he. funky.

 i've been back for 11 days, and am still in the throes of jetlag. there hasn't been a night that i've slept through since i have returned, there hasn't been an evening, on which i haven't been dead tired and/or falling asleep in front of the telly by 9pm. i don't think it has been this bad before. neither the jetlag, nor how much it quite simply hurts to be away from evan now. i'm just not going to accept being back here. the more i am sure about where i want to be, where i want to live, the less i see the necessity to finish things up round here. bad, i know. not exactly a great motivator to finish uni. it was just too good. everything was too good. summer was great. the new house is great. the new town is great. his job & new colleagues seem great. christmas was different from what it's like here: there was cricket on the beach, a bbq with roos nearby, lots of family around, and terrible carols on the telly. merimbula was great, the atmo in the family unfortunately wasn't. - but most of that was sorted out afterwards. overall, it was -despite lots of things that needed to be done- quite loungey: we just hung out, worked out (miraculously overcoming my competetiveness in the process), road tripped to warrnambool and back along the great ocean road, body-boarded every morning in merimbula, made love and deflowered almost every room in the new house, packed his stuff & moved to the new place, cooked meals, watched the cricket while drinking beers, quite simply enjoyed ourselves, spending time with each other. and i miss him, miss what we had and what we will have, terribly. sure. most of it was -yet again- a holiday, not real day-to-day living, but still. it was nice to simply have time . it was nice to be there the first week he worked, to be all housewifey, to cook and prepare his place and make it home and be there when he came home after work. i felt so good, so at home in the house that it was unbearable to be there alone after i had to walk him to the hospital the day i left, before his terrible 14 hour shift started. walking back into the empty house, alone, being in his place knowing i wasn't going to see him for a few months, was terrible. a few nights after i came back, i dreamt very vividly about evan and me talking on the phone. in my dream, we agreed how terrible it had been that i had to leave without him being able to say goodbye to me at the airport, and that we had to make up for it. somehow, we assumed that i was in melbourne, and we discussed what time i should come down the next day, what time he would finish work, what i would cook. - all the while thinking i was just a one hour train ride away. that whole dreamed conversation left me feeling very fuzzy and warm and protected and happy. - until, three quaters through the dream, we both simultaneously realised that i wasn't in melbourne, not just an hour away, but a day away, in europe again, unable to see him any time soon, unable to make it to his place in the time frame we had discussed. a devastating feeling. so devastating, i woke up sobbing. and now i am back here, slowly getting used to being away from him again. not that that is something i want to get used to.

 urlLink friday five 1. as a child, who was your favorite superhero/heroine? why? donald duck as fantomas. i felt sad for him, because daisy never realised his inner greatness. the usual superhero dilemma. 2. what was one thing you always wanted as a child but never got? a pony. 3. what's the furthest from home you've been? depends on the definition. christchurch, new zealand was about 18.700 km from the place i grew up. however, one might argue that home is where the heart is, which might mean that i am currently away from "home", a good 16.389km (now that he has moved to the coast, we're 20km closer). 4. what's one thing you've always wanted to learn but haven't yet? playing the piano. 5. what are your plans for the weekend? tonight, i will write some much needed, email, cook a yummy curry, watch urlLink dirty dancing on the telly. tomorrow & sunday, i will call evan early in the morning, practise yoga, do some weekend shopping, work out at the gym, talk to tina, watch german popidol, study, practise more yoga, work out more at the gym, go for a walk in the snow, continue reading "life of pi".

 i am here. and as hard as i try to live in the now, i just can not be content being here and now, and not where evan is sleeping at the moment, after a terrible day at the hospital, and a party and too many drinks to compensate. 16 409km away. duh.

 urlLink a building complex designed by daniel libeskind will be built at the site of the former wtc. which is fabulous. urlLink daniel libeskind is an amazing, unconvetional, unpredictable, emotional, daring architect. - the urlLink jewish museum in berlin is one of the most notable buildings i have ever seen, the impact it has through its form is breathtaking. people in the press have called libeskind's designs "manipulative" because he aims to invoke certain emotions - but i love them. the wedge of light that will be at the site of the wtc providing space without shadow each september 11th is medieval and sacred in its effect. it's a daring building complex that's going to become characteristic for the new new york skyline. (more: urlLink design details and slide show .)

 urlLink so this was the last but one season finale, too. for now though, no time to get sad: i am all excited about spike's soul and am already forgetting about the lows of the-season-that-never-had-a-real-plot-besides-buffy-and-spike-screwing. besides those nookie/fight scenes, and "once more with feeling", one of the best moments was giles return and him and buffy breaking into laughter as she told him what had happened since he left. sometimes an end while still on top can be a good thing.

 i searched for my udo jrgens tape this afternoon and listened to "ich weiss was ich will" while doing the dishes. i ended up rewinding the tape several times, to listen to that song again and again, after noticing something odd. it's bizarre: the song suddenly sparks mental images of evan and me dancing at our wedding. which you know, not only hasn't happened yet, but also isn't yet really planned. no questions have been popped (at least not for real & serious), there's no ring on my finger, even though i know that i want to spend my life with him. this song is primarily mine, too. neither it nor udo jrgens have a special meaning for us so far, -maybe apart from listening to "in den armen der nacht" on new years 99/00, at fabian's place, the night i first told evan that i loved him. "ich weiss was ich will" used to spark memories of my first months here, and now those have been replaced with this image of evan and me (in a simple, pretty dress, just for the record) dancing, surrounded by family and friends. i realised that when/if that happens, i'd really like this song to be our first dance. it's german, unconventional for a first dance, happy, energetic, strong, full of promises and lust and fabulous remarks about sex no one would get because it's german. above all, it's about wanting to spend your life with someone you love and want and desire - and being secure about that feeling. we could swing dance, which would be so much more suitable for us than a traditional waltz. i think i need to get my estrogen levels checked. what an extremely girly thing to think about. but still, this mental image was and is a lovely one. *sigh* ich weiss, was ich will udo jrgens dein haar weht im wind, von meinem fenster aus, da seh ich dich geh'n, du winkst herauf und bleibst sekundenlang steh'n. ich denk', wie schn war es doch eben noch hier, mit dir. ich weiss, was ich will, ich will dich fhlen, wenn der morgen erwacht, mit dir den tag verbringen bis in die nacht und glauben, nirgends ist ein ende in sicht, nein, fr uns nicht. ich weiss, was ich will, ich will die leidenschaft, mit der du mich liebst, die sanfte zrtlichkeit, wie du sie mir gibst, die illusion, du lebst allein nur fr mich, die brauche ich. ich weiss, was ich will, ich will, dass endlich etwas neues beginnt, dass wir wie ein gedanke, ein krper sind, das ist mein ziel, sag' mir nur eins: will ich zuviel? ich weiss, was ich will, dir alles zeigen, was ich jemals geseh'n, was du auch immer tust, verzeih'n und versteh'n was ich noch nie vorher im leben getan, fang' ich jetzt an. ich weiss, was ich will, ich will dich nie mehr aus den augen verlier'n, will deine hnde sanft und weich auf mir spr'n, glauben daran, dass es auch so weitergeh'n kann. noch kann ich dich seh'n, mit schnellem schritt gehst du die strasse entlang, mit deinem so vertrauten typischen gang. ich denk', wie schn war es doch eben noch hier, mit dir. ich weiss, was ich will, an einem leeren strand allein mit dir sein, und alles tun, was man so tun kann zu zwei'n. und kein gedanke von uns bleibt ungesagt, nichts wird vertagt. ich weiss, was ich will, wie ein zigeuner durch die welt mit dir zieh'n, dem ganzen irrsinn dieses daseins entflieh'n, und alles das, bis uns die sinne vergeh'n, wr das nicht schn? ich weiss, was ich will, dass jede nacht fr uns zum karneval wird und jeder weg nur zueinander uns fhrt. das ist mein ziel. sag' mir nur eins: will ich zuviel? ich weiss, was ich will, ich will dich ganz und gar und immer um mich, was uns im wege steht, das ndere ich. ich hab' noch nie im leben berge versetzt, ich tu' es jetzt.

 did you know? there are side effects to buying a new telly and carrying it in all it's 10kg glory halfway through town to its new home. this morning, getting dressed and admiring my stomach in the mirror (it looked like someone else's -all muscly and flat- yeah!), i noticed bruises on my stomach. big, painful bruises, located above my hip bones. i only realised they must have been caused by my pressing the big cardboard box containing the new telly very close to me while carrying it home, when i realised that both my upper arms are massively bruised (and i mean massively), too. that's what you get for trying to support weight you should be carrying with your arms alone with your hipbone, and for buying cheap tellys whose boxes come without handles. yoga will be interestingly achy tomorrow. ouch.

 my trusty old telly died yesterday. yesterday being the day before the airing of the urlLink season finale for buffy season 6 round here today. yes! urlLink buffy! essential television! absolutely essential television! i can barely live with missing an episode every once in a while, but not a season finale. yeah, i know what will happen, i know there will be the thread of yet another apocalypse, yeah spike will get a soul, yeah, yeah, yeah. but still. it's buffy! it's important! my telly had been acting up this past week, making loud, aggressive "phrewwwt" like sounds when turning him on, a strange, burning plastic smell emerging, the image fluttering, at random, moving stripes disturbing my enjoyment of urlLink the talented mr.ripley sunday night. he hadn't been in good condition for ages anyway. the remote broke years ago (i think shortly after his 10th birthday), and the replacement i bought worked in regards to changing channels and volume, but not in regards to reconfiguring channels. the buttons on the actual telly got all jammed sometime over the past two years or so, too. the connection plug for the cable had broken at the same time as the remote: the cable had to be supported by a book put up against it at all times - otherwise the cable just slipped out. yesterday afternoon, when i turned my beloved little telly on to check whether george w. had already started bombing iraq, he uttered a final angry "phrewwwwwwwwt" (longer than ever before), threw out more smoke than ever before, flickered violently - and was dead. my knowledge on the internal setup of televisions is rather limited, so i have no idea what exactly happened and what gave him the final blow, but considering his medical history and the fact he didn't respond at all anymore, i decided even attempting to resuscitate him would be neither affordable nor actually make a lot of sense. so i bought a urlLink cheap little no-name telly that i still couldn't really afford. but he's purty. he's shiny and silver. he doesn't smell like burning plastic. he doesn't flicker. he has got telly text. i can finally watch all 34 channels available via cable here (yay! two shopping channels! three french channels! a turkish sports channel!) but best of all, i doubt there will be any terrible surprises and spontaenous implosions tonight after 21:15, when it counts. :)

 urlLink bono: war on aids "History will judge all of us on our response to this modern-day plague. It is a moral test of our times - an unprecedented human tragedy that we can and must bring to an end." support urlLink DATA - Debt, Aids, Trade in Africa - and check out their urlLink inspiring stories . wow. (via urlLink u2log ) footnote: and yeah, i still love bono. 13 years and counting. plus i reckon he definitely deserves getting the urlLink nobel peace prize for his debt and aids work.

 i still haven't explained what the mysterious email was, that i was so urlLink worried about urlLink opening , two weeks ago. it was from bjoern, urlLink nils brother. i had emailed him earlier this month, something i had thought about doing ever since i urlLink found out about nils death via his brother's website (and google) . it had felt weird to write bjoern, nils' brother, because we have never met, but i wrote him a well-thought-through email, in essence very similar to what i wrote here, actually. i wrote about how i had met nils through d., what knowing him had been like for me, how we had lost touch, how i had come across the leaflet for the publishing house while cleaning up and had typed his name into google, how i had always expected to hear from him again and sit in a bar in st.pauli drinking red wine again one fine day. i expressed my condolences, how much it had hurt, and that i can not estimate how painful it must have been for the family. i thanked him for the website because knowing something is better than not knowing. it was a good email that i wrote, but i still felt unsure and insecure about it, simply because i didn't want to pressure bjoern at all, my main objective was to make a connection to someone that knew nils and share the emotions. bjoern's return email was fabulous. he wrote that he was thankful that i had taken the time to contact him, that reading about my time with nils had brought back memories for him, that plenty of other friends of nils had done the same since the website was up, and that knowing how many people are missing nils is making it easier to live with the hole his death has torn into the lives of everyone who knew nils. the only thing that startled me is what he wrote about d.: it gave me the impression that d. has not been in contact with nils' family and hence does not know that he is dead. it's a strange feeling, being unsure whether d. knows, but i realised i am in no position to do anything about it and just got to live with it. it would be odd to ask nils brother whether d. knows about this, it would be even weirder to contact d. for the first time in months (6 months, specifically), and ask "do you know whether nils is dead?" or just strike up casual email conversation about nothing - when we did that in september (the first time in years), it failed quite miserably after one email each. - there is nothing left that d. and i have to talk about, and i quite honestly do not feel the need to talk about anything with him anyway. apart from this, maybe. above all, i realised that it's none of my business to get involved in the friendship d. and nils had. i suspect it's quite likely that d. still thinks nils is living happily ever after on st.lucia, but what? they did have the on-and-off type of friendship happening after all, with weeks of intense contact followed by months with little, and who am i to get invovled here and step in and tell d. how bad and terminal loosing contact has been this time. i know that in am no position to get involved here. but it still feels very weird.

 dinner mixed salad (lollo rosso, lollo bianco, field salad, raddicio) with italian dressing, roasted seeds (soy, pumpkin, sunflower, pinenuts) and bacon bits, served with fresh ciabatta bread penne rigate with tomato sauce, basil and real mozzarella urlLink jamie oliver's chocolate mousse with sesame snaps urlLink ernest & julio gallo twin valley cabernet sauvignon am looking forward to having tina over for dinner tonight, not only because i really want to make an effort to continue our contact, but also because i enjoy cooking for others. it's so much more worthwhile to cook for people besides plain old me. i love planning a meal, shopping, preparing, laying the table, - and of course the end result, serving, eating, talking over dinner, everything. such a social thing, sharing a meal. didn't want to get too fancy today, and am not quite up to date with tina's likes and dislikes (she told me sauturday, that she doesn't like indian food, hence my initial idea of a curry was squashed), and plain pasta with mozzarella is safe, the salad a good, hearty green add-on, and the dessert the nice counterpoint in both taste and effort involved. it's absolutely delicious, that mousse - Ii only made half the recipe, but it's plenty. and it's very very yum - the alcohol, honey and the 75% lindt chocolate make all the difference, i think. unfortunately, the sesame snaps didn't turn out as expected though. the sugar syrup didn't go golden at all, but suddenly got all crumbly, cristally and dry (even though i really didn't overstir), and hastily throwing in the sesame didn't help much. the stuff tastes nice, but is neither golden, nor thin, nor bar-like: and most of it is just sesame-sugar crumble - if highly edible. some bits did stick together though, and will be served as directed. i will need to try again, i think. - i think something might be wrong with the recipe, actually: the recipe online has some extra butter (only mentioned in the ingredients list, not in the recipe), which my book doesn't. oh well. maybe it's time to send jamie another email. in any way, i have no doubt tonight will be nice, crumbly sesame snaps or not. :)

 urlLink lance armstrong and his wife urlLink kristin urlLink have separated . :(

 better living through caro. top breeders recommend caro. show me the caro! just what the caro ordered. it's that caro feeling. urlLink sloganize! (via urlLink laurel )

 urlLink 9:41:04pm last night: shake it, baby, shake it. it was a 5.4 richter scale and quite funky, too.

 i realised tonight, over 5 1/2 hours of talking and a bottle each of merlot and cabernet sauvignon, how much i missed having my formerbestfrined tina in my life. it was lovely. :) and maybe the start of something new. who knows. it's exciting.

 this afternoon, waiting to be served at the bakery, tina came up to me. tina, my formerbestfriend. we were best friends for about 3 years at the start of uni. we went to countless parties together (often preparing for hours in her flat), discussed boy woes, got drunk, failed and studied for classes together, slept in the same bed, watched ally mcbeal (back when it was still good), worked out... we were very extremely good friends, we had plenty of good times. until she got a boyfriend, and i met evan, which happened in the span of 6 weeks or so. some trouble evolved, surrounding both, and it turned out it had all been rather superficial - the friendship we had entertained, the friendships we, as a team, had kept with others, everything. when things got rough, my first serious bout of depression hit, and i decided to sever all superficial friendships, we lost touch. that was almost 3 years ago. we haven't seen each other since then, which is quite strange in a town as small as this one. it can only be explained by how extreme and final my cut with her and my old friends was, and with the limits i have given my life since then. she returned some books via one of my neighbours, early on, i once wrote a letter telling her what was up. but that was that. today, we ran into each other, completely unexpectedly (i thought she had left this city already) and we're meeting up to have a bottle or two of wine tomorrow night. i was impressed by how lovely she was. i was searching for explanations, telling her how embarassed i was to get back in touch after a certain time had passed and she just told me she didn't need any explanations, i shouldn't be embarassed and it didn't matter. turns out, she's not done with uni either, which is a bummer, of course, but quite relieving for me, actually. - i am not alone, after all. in any way, i will go and see her tomorrow, and in some way, it's like catching up with an ex-boyfriend. i am excited and worried and wondering what it will be like, and am anxious not to get too excited. i could do with a friend, and i loved our friendship when it lasted (the first time ever, i had a friend that close, i guess), but i don't want to re-introduce superficiality of that scale into my life, ever again, and am not sure whether i feel like talking about all that has been. but i shall see. no matter what, it's going to be a very interesting evening.

 urlLink live fast die young: urlLink thousands of big-breasted birds packed together for your pleasure a uk poster campaign by urlLink compassion in world farming that furthers my desire to completely stop eating meat and makes me search the net for some more ideas on what to do with tofu.

 i can't say often enough how much i enjoy reading urlLink yoga journal as an addition to what i learn from bettina and ralph in my courses. it's reassuring to be able to reflect on their instructions with their insightful, extensive articles and advice pieces, and it gives me a sense of community i haven't found in class yet. - i've lately felt a bit like a freak, because the folks in both courses (apart from bettina and ralph, obviously) seem to see yoga primarily as a physical practise, aren't very interested in the rest and don't practise at home. also, the german magazine equivalent, urlLink yoga aktuell , seems a bit less knowledgeable than yoga journal. it puts me in an awkward position in class, being as enthusiastic as i am. thursday night, bettina asked whether anyone practised at home, and i was the only one who said yes, and also told her how difficult i found it to find a practise that fit my needs. i felt like i was "showing off" to the others, even though that was not my intention at all. i have turned to bettina after class to ask my big questions already anyway to avoid this. but still. - it's similar with my flexibility, too: i am a bit hyper mobile, and can easily achieve plenty of asanas, especially the twists and bends. on thursday, the new girl in the group "complimented" on my flexibility and during some of my asanas (she was right next to me), and it made me uncomfortable and further pushed the feeling i was "showing off" and doing my asanas to impress others, which i am not. it's the way my body is, so what? it's not that great, anyway. being able to get into an asana isn't hard: it's the working on it, that is, and after all inflexible folks don't have to go very far too feel the intensity of an asana and to work on it, but i do. yeah, my head goes quite easily on my shins, so what? i still need bettina's help (by gently pressing my lower back 5mm further down) so i actually get to a point where i can work on the asana. but what are my alternatives? pretending to not be able to achieve something would be silly and render being in class useless. and hiding what i feel about yoga, how strongly i feel about it, and how eager and willing i am to learn would be silly, too. so the problems i have in life anyway, are invading my yoga practise, too. once again, i feel like i am "too much", too intense, too direct - a feeling that has been with me through the years. again i am embarrassed and almost ashamed by my body, even though this time it's standing out not because it's too big or too busty - it's too "good", too flexible. it's something i will need to work on, not being embarrassed by my body, not being embarrassed by my eagerness. - i will not hide my love for yoga, and i will concentrate on how i do the asana, and not on anyone else. i will accept new girl's compliments happily (if they happen again, that is) and not worry about it, and maybe tell her that being inflexible is actually a lot easier. i will admire and be happy for everyone in class achieving the best asana they can do. - i noticed on thursday already, how happy i was for the dark haired gal to do such a perfect headstand and masterfully controlled rise into it. quite amazing, how happy i can be for others. a lovely feeling. i will get a chance to work on all this tomorrow already, am very much looking forward to my monthly extra saturday class. in any way, i felt like noting two articles i read at yoga journal lately that both had some excellent messages i want to keep in mind. urlLink everybody upside-down "studying the yoga sutra and bhagavad gita will help you structure a yoga practice that is balanced and wise. practicing alone will help you purge the urge to perform your asanas for others and cultivate a deeper understanding of your body and its rhythms so that you can practice in ways that respond to your needs." urlLink life without sex? "what brahmacharya means is a deep clarity about sexual energy." (...) first and foremost, it means being aware of your own sexuality, being clear about your feelings and needs at every moment. i don't think one needs to be celibate in order to progress in yoga and spiritual practice, but i definitely think one has to be very careful and clear about the sexual choices one makes. you're not going to be a whole healthy person unless you're whole and healthy in your sexuality." smart stuff, indeed.

 urlLink friday five 1. what is your most prized material possession? my most beloved personal possession is my library: i have an extensive, much beloved book collection, that i will most definitely send down to australia in its entirety. my computer, or rather, it's harddisk, comes a close second. realised during urlLink last year's motherboard death and urlLink the resulting data death scare , how much of my life is on this thing. 2. what item, that you currently own, have you had the longest? my stuffed toy cat schnuffi. i've had him for more than 20 years - i got him as a pressie from my grandma after i lost my first stuffed toy cat, called klaas. back when i first got schnuff, i must have been in the middle of my oral phase: i still used a pacifier with holes, and throughoutly enjoyed using schnuffi's very soft ears to tickle my upper lip through the holes of the pacifier. i remember thinking that his ears were the softest thing in the entire world - a view i have changed since, but i still admire their softness, and tickling my face with them is still consoling. i and have slept just two nights without schnuffi since i got him. - he goes were i go, and has travelled extensively as a result. my beloved schnuffi isn't terribly pretty anymore - he's quite flat, from lying under me for about 8 hours a night for 20 years, and his fur has started to get quite fragile in places. my mom has stitched him up a few times already, but i fear he will need professional restoration, soon. people who have shared my bed have referred to schnuffi as "the dead cat" or "the ugly cat". these people do not share my bed anymore. if you love me, you have to love schnuffi. we're inseparable. so inseparable he travels in my hand luggage on planes, because i worry about him getting lost with my luggage. i'd be inconsolable if he were gone. 3. are you a packrat? yes and no. i used to be a real, full blown messy and keep each and everything. i've tried to significantly tone done the unnecessary stuff that i own and simply get less stuff. it makes me feel a lot better, owing less stuff, and have started to realise that it doesn't make sense to accumulate fluff if i am leaving the country soon. it's been going ok, the toning down. - there are still a few boxes in my cellar that i can simply throw away, but i'll get around to doing that, sooner or later. i'm still learning and improving, after all. 4. do you prefer a spic-and-span clean house? or is some clutter necessary to avoid the appearance of a museum? spic-and-span clean. it's a must. i've got an obsessive-compulsive personality, after all. which reminds me that my place is currently way too filthy for my comfort. - i have wanted to clean all week, and haven't gotten around to do it: will be a good way to spend tomorrow morning. 5. do the rooms in your house have a theme? or is it a mixture of knick-knacks here and there? i live in a tiny one-bedroom apartment. if it had a thought out theme it would be "books, ikea and colour", as quite typical for a student's place. there's some stuff on "display" (real paintings, photos, souvenirs, what have you), but there's a serious underlying colour-scheme, and it shows: it's yellow-orange-red-pink, with an emphasis on the latter colours. even my dish towels, phone and my toilet paper fit into the colour scheme.

 hamburg, today: urlLink mounir el motassadeq is found guilty for being an accessory to 3,045 murders in new york and washington and being member of a terrorist organisation. he gets the maximum sentence of 15 years.

 i feel so much better. it's almost like i am a different person to whoever woke up this morning, headachy and bleary-eyed and down. yoga rocked this afternoon. we did some more urlLink salamba sirsasana , which was great and left me feel all empowered and strong. we also worked extensively on urlLink adho mukha svanasana , urlLink salamba sarvangasana and some backbends, urlLink urdhva dhanurasana being one of them. so amazing, that even simple poses like downward facing dog stay challenging, because you can keep working on and in them. such a never-ending path to walk. after class, we all went for dinner at a chinese place next door, and i had the best asian food since returning: yummy noodles and rice and veges and tofu with interesting conversation with everyone else to boot. i told people i am emigrating though, and wonder whether that was smart or not. usually, it makes folks back off. i hope not these folks. best however, was one of the pranayamas we did (whose sanskrit name i forgot, of course, the english aquivalent would be "bumblebee", i guess) - we all hummed on a very slow exhale while keeping our ears shut, and it sounded like my head and the room were full of harmony and dissonance and melodies caused by small, colourful flying insects (none of them yucky though). lovely. the class is so nice, the yoga feels so good, ralph is so delicious to look at. it feels like i finally found rituals to do and things to say (or rather chant) that make me feel held and that just fit into it all. wow.

 urlLink you put blogger in my google! you put google in my blogger!

 all misunderstandings sorted. so all is as good as can be. if my eyes finally swell off, life might actually start being enjoyable again.

 they make me feel raw, these talks about what to do, how to do it, how to afford it. it being my move to australia. combining love with money and a urlLink governement organisation that isn't too excited about letting anyone into the country who is not a nurse, midwife, chef or radiology technician , is the perfect recipe for stress. i know it, i am doing it. or rather: we are doing it. evan and i, we had a close to 2 hour talk about the options today, and i still feel raw and open and my eyes are still red and swollen from the crying. it's pathetic. this should be a joyous thing, planning our future, but it isn't. there are plenty of options, but they all come with their own set of downsides. all of them. either it's too costly (there are actually several options that fit that criteria). or it means a whole year doing something that's not helping my career (but most likely harming it). or it scares him (but then, isn't it all scary anyway?). or it means being creative with visa restrictions (which makes me fear being extradited or not getting a partner visa when he finally feels ready for that). then there is an option which would involve staying here longer (which i really do not want). it's so difficult to talk about it all without being hurt by his doubts and worries and concerns. i don't want to pressure him, want him to have space to say what he really thinks, but it's hard when i am thinking/planning to leave my country for *us* and he gets jitters about us moving in together. yet i can't do anything but accept his worries for what they are. it's so difficult to decide what's best. it's such a lonely thing to do, this decision. i feel like i will soon implode from the pressure. (to top my day of, my last pack of timtams, which i turned to after hanging up the phone, turned out to be ruined by heat exposure. they are all covered with grey cocoa fat residue, and the choc is rough in the melt. fuck. someone send me timtams, please?)

 urlLink aw. thanks urlLink stuart .

 urlLink the age: here it is, conclusive proof against iraq i especially liked the following reasons: " #3 Our spy planes have photographed Saddam's deputy prime minister being driven in a motorcade of Mercedes cars. Mercedes is a German car, and Germany is in league with France to destroy America, like al-Qaeda. Therefore, etc. (...) #5 The motorcade was moving in an easterly direction through Baghdad. If you move in an easterly direction through France, you get to Germany. #6 Saddam is another Hitler. Germany had a Hitler. Again, a direct link with al-Qaeda. #7 Al-Qaeda operatives have recently been arrested in London. The Prime Minister of London, Tony Blair, then visited France for a meeting with Jacques Chirac. Chirac then visited Bonn to celebrate 40 years of his alliance with Gerhard Schroeder of Germany. Schroeder had a meeting with Putin of Russia, who then received Hans Blix, who went to Baghdad. Again, proof of a direct link."

 i constantly surround myself with noise, cds, mp3s, the telly. when it's silent, i get nervous and scared and start feeling locked up in my small space here. i always get myself so much noise that i keep forgetting that complete silence is an option, too. - especially on a sunday, when the shops are closed and the city is asleep. i should enjoy the silence (fyi: demo-the singles 86>98, cd1, song #8) instead of being scared about how alone it makes me feel. it's one reason why i find it so hard to find my way into daily home practise is the complete silence (apart from pranayama and some unwilling moans from holding and surrendering to certain asanas that is) and stillness both inside and out that comes from practising alone. something else i need to work on, accepting and valueing silence.

 lately i have been thinking about getting tested to become registered as a potential bone marrow donor. i've been researching it, and was very surprised to read that one reason to be excluded is urlLink depression that needs treatment . i've contacted urlLink my local donor registry to confirm. while i could understand the exclusion of people with severe psychiatric illnesses, such as endogenous or severe depression and long-standing continuous treatment with psychotropic meds, i wonder whether i will be excluded because of my reactive, short-term depresion that was treated with meds for a grande 8 weeks. that would be a loss. my bone marrow isn't depressed, it's happy and well and wants to help. i really hope i can get registered. hm. odd.

 last night, someone almost ruined my headstand induced high. a guy followed me home from the tram. to get to and from the gym, i catch a bus and a tram. during the day, it's a quick and easy journey, the buses and trams run practically all the time, between 5 and 10 minutes apart. late in the evening, such as after my yoga class thursday nights, it's a different story though: once my class is over, i have to hang around for half an hour before the bus arrives, and it takes another 25 minutes before i am home, including a few minute wait at a tram stop. out of habit, when i am around alone in the evening, i make sure i carry my mobile. i make sure i don't look interesting, too, i cover up a lot. last night, i wore a big fat winter jacket, blunnies, two scarfes, a beanie that completely covered each and every blonde hair, no make-up. nonetheless, sitting on the tram for my final five minute tram ride home, i noticed that two guys sitting opposite me, a few rows away, were staring at me. i instantly got shitty vibes from them but kept trying to read my book, telling myself not to get overly freaked about nothing and to keep enjoying my post yoga bliss. when the tram stopped at my tram stop, i did the usual thing to avoid being followed (a tactic developed when i lived in a dangerous suburb): i waited until everyone had gotten out before i stood up and moved to the doors to leave the tram. i left the car as the last person. my waiting on the tram tactic didn't work this time, though. one of the blokes i had noticed earlier stood in my way as i stepped out of the tram, and asked me -first in french, then in english- whether i "had a minute". nice person that i am, i thought that i should at least give him the benefit of a doubt and see whether he was asking about the time or the way or something else. i replied in english that no, i didn't, but could i be of help? he asked me whether i had a minute, he and his friend would like to meet me, go somewhere for a drink, just for 10, 15 minutes or so. i said no, that i was not interested, tired, and on my way home. and i started walking. he walked next to me, telling me to stop, just for a minute, and i said again, that no, i wasn't interested. he kept repeating that he and his mate wanted to go for a drink somewhere, and i kept saying that no, i really wasn't interested, i was on my way home. he begged me to give him just a minute. so i indeed stopped, told him he had his minute. instead of telling me something i didn't already know, he gave the same stupid talk about me going somewhere with his mate again. i told him off again, that no i indeed wasn't interested, had said so before, and that i was going home, and yes, i was going home without him. i started walking again, briskly, and decidedly. and this asshole grabbed my arm to make me stop. he. grabbed. my. arm. not firmly, not so much it hurt, but nonetheless, he touched me. a fucking stranger fucking touched me to stop me from going where i was wanting to go. i should have slapped him, but i was so paralysed by that bullshit i couldn't even react. instead, i said even more nos (yes, my conversation was that limited) and walked (or tried to, when he wasn't staynding in my way) but a fucked up "stop and go thing" evolved over the next few metres. he repeatedly asked again and again and again whether i wouldn't want to go anywhere, and started asking for other stuff (where did i come from? was i really going home?) me repeatedly telling him (loudly at this point) no! and telling him I was being expected at home by my fiance. when i attempted to walk off, he kept standing in my way. we had gotten to my street by then, and i started to feel panic rise inside my body, being extremely alarmed by the prospect of him finding out where i lived. where could i go now? what should i do? i wondered whether i should threaten that i'd scream if he didn't let me go, but realised that would have been a ridiculous thing. i finally told myself if i didn't get rid off this bloke within the next seconds, i would walk into the cafe next door to my house (still bustling at 10pm on a thursday night) and call the police. thing is, i felt threatened by him blocking my way and all, i felt scared he would follow me into my house, yet it didn't feel "life threatening" yet. i had the impression that that idiot felt it was all just a fucking rotten game. the bloke stopped me in front of that cafe, and i don't know why my 51st or whatever no finally had an impact, or whether it was that i was walking, and doing so briskly, and with my head up high, that he said goodbye and left. i walked home very briskly, turning around every few steps, worried he would find the other entrance to the backyard, but the guy was indeed walking away. once inside my house, i locked the downstairs door, which is usually never locked. i was freaked he'd be able to get in there and sit in front of my apartment door. once i was inside my flat, and had locked my door a few times, i got angry. and that anger hasn't subsided, really. had i done something wrong and sent that bloke wrong vibes that he felt he could just stand in my way and physically stop me from going my way? should i have just pretended that i didn't understand him in the first place and ignore him when i was in the vulnerable moment of stepping out of the tram? did i send out "victim vibes"? was something not clear about my communication? why the hell did i keep giving him reasons why i was going home? why didn't i feel like my no was enough already? lying about someone male waiting at home was good, but why did i feel the need to apologise for turning a bloke down who approached me at 10pm as i was getting out of a tram, after no flirty interaction whatsoever? was it his ethnicity that made me worry i was being racist if i didn't stop the first time he spoke to me and that sparked me to give him the minute he kept asking me for? was i overreacting and maybe just misreading and misinterpreting a harmless flirt? this strange -if, thankfully, harmless and ultimately non violent- encounter left me shaking and worried. why did this male think he had a right to touch me after the unbelievable number of nos that i had said clearly and loudly into his face? i think my language couldn't have been more clear. however, i know it's an issue that i compulsively smile when interacting, which some people understand as "i say no but i mean yes" thing. i need to turn that off, immediately, when on my way in the evening. i also need to carry my phone in a more accessible spot than the inside pocket of my jacket and i need to put the police hotline on speed dial. but what should i do when and if someone approaches me in a similar fashion again? ignore them after a quick instant judgement based on ethnicity and gender? that would be very unlike me, this sexism and racism. i doubt it would improve my safety in any way, too. and wouldn't it be even more interesting for a bloke like that to try to communicate with me? the nos i said, even if they weren't accepted, were at least clear communication. but i worry. i am such a creature of habit, that it would be easy to find out for someone who was bad-meaning, what bus/tram i catch at what time, especially when there's little choice of transport left at night... but what should i do? i really don't know.

 urlLink februarium, day five: why you love. i learned lessons on the hows and whys of love from reading and studying erich fromm's "the art of love". fromm thought that many people make the mistake to love with a focus on themselves. they love only to be loved in return and make the mistake to see love as something that revolves around an "object". - people objectify themselves, for example by trying to be exceptionally powerful or beautiful to be loved (or rather: "admired") by others. fromm however, understood love as an art, as an ability. he saw love as the ability which frees people from the fear that arises from the seperatenes from others that life is, as the answer to the fundamental desire for unity and the union of the male and female energies of the universe. the pillars of fromm's view on love were the following: love is unity, in which the partners still keep their own identities. love is the power with which people tear down borders and walls. fundamental for love is the act of giving, during which more love is created. love is the care for life and growth of who and what we love. love is responsibility. love is respect. love is acceptance. love stems from freedom. and i like this view, this why of love, and try to live it. and boy, is it hard. too often, jealousy, fear, doubt or selfishness get in the way of loving this way. -especially now, that something in me craves for assurance about the "lonliest decision i will ever make" , my decision to move to another continent for love. nonetheless, it's something i am working on, to stand back, to compromise, to give without expecting something in return, to control less, to support more and to let evan be free. it's frightening, this letting go, but i strongly believe that there is no other way than this one. you owe me nothing in return ~alanis morissette~ i'll give you countless amounts of out-right acceptance if you want it. i will give you encouragment to choose the path that you want if you need it. you can speak of anger and doubts, your fears and freak-outs and i'll hold it. you can share your so-called "shamefilled" accounts of times in your life and i won't judge it. and there are no strings attached to it. you owe me nothing for giving the love that i give. you owe me nothing for caring the way that i have. i give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return. you can ask for space for yourself and only yourself and i'll grant it. you can ask for freedom as well or time to travel and you'll have it. you can ask to live by yourself or love someone else and i'll support it. you can ask for anything you want, anything at all and i'll understand it. and there are no strings attached to it. you owe me nothing for giving the love that i give. you owe me nothing for caring the way that i have. i give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return. i bet you're wondering when the next payback shoe will eventually drop. i bet you're wondering when my conditional police will force you to cough up. i bet you're wondering how far you have now danced your way back into debt. this is the only kind of love as i understand it that there really is. you can express your deepest of thruths even if it means i'll lose you and i'll hear it. you can fall into the abyss on your way to your bliss, i'll empathize with. you can say that you'll have to skip town to chase your passion and i'll hear it. you can leave and hit rock bottom have a mid-life chrisis and i'll hold it. and there are no strings attached to it. you owe me nothing for giving the love that i give. you owe me nothing for caring the way that i have. i give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege, and you owe me nothing in return.



 urlLink {fray}: the things we do for love . "We don't choose the people for whom we fall. We can only choose to continue loving them, to make that conscious decision to put aside fears and worries, to do things that we didn't think possible, to entertain thoughts that scared the hell out of us months or years or lifetimes ago. We can choose to take the risk, because we think these people are worth it." urlLink adam rakunas - "sitting on the fence" indeed.

 This year, celebrate or commiserate by sending an anti-valentine. Send it today, tomorrow, or any day you damn well please. This year, say it with bile." urlLink not so soft : urlLink anti-valentine cards. lovely, every year.

 urlLink friday five 1. explain why you started to journal/blog. i have been journaling since i could write. i remember getting a small pink and white journal with a plastic lock for my 6th birthday. i kept journals of many sorts througout my childhood and teens. i started having an online journal in january 2000. back then, i was freshly in love and evan was on his way back to australia. triggered by an article on journalling online somewhere, i thought having something online just for him, a diary of sorts, would be a good way to communicate and keep in touch. i started a diary on the now very different opendiary. what was intended to be solely for evan took on a life of its own not long after it started, though. strangely enough, he never really felt good about reading what i wrote online. - while i gave him permission to read my online diary, actually reading it, he always felt like an intruder. also, he thinks my voice online is different from what i am like in real life (this being in english and all). his feelings about that haven't changed, but in general he doesn't mind me writing online, as long as some privacy remains. i have journalled in one way or another for much of my life and am glad that i chronicled some rough times in my life. it's strange and interesting to read what i wrote at 16, and see someone who is very very different from me today. it's similar with what i wrote that first year i journalled online: i was very depressed, and a lot younger than i am today, and reading it, i feel sad for me back then. in general, writing online felt -and still feels, most of the time- a lot better to me than writing and whining for my harddrive. i guess it's just the general human urge to chronicle life at work here. it's difficult to put it into words: i still write for myself, but the semi-publicity this has, has helped me figure things out, too. i like the strange medium of a public journal, and can't really say why. my writing online has changed over the years, and has changed with the publishing method i use, too. while at opendiary, i wrote long, whiny, sad journal type entries. since blogger, there's been lots more published, in smaller bits, with some blog typical stuff & linkage. 2. do people you interact with day to day or family members know about your journal/blog? why or why not? i am not aware of real life people regularly reading this. my partner doesn't read my online stuff for aforementioned reasons, and tina only reads this occasionally, don't you? i have a sneaking suspicion my therapist might have searched it out. have you? my family doesn't know about this, because it is none of their business. 3. do you have a theme for your journal/blog? as in a "motto"? i recently revamped a little and picked a new title for my diary/journal/blog/thing: "i defy gravity". it's derived from one of my favourite songs, "back to you" by melbourne band urlLink something for kate : for i have a compass i watch the sundial and i defy gravity just to get myself back to you

 urlLink happy valentine's day: use condoms. that florist rocks.

 i just did my first (albeit assisted) urlLink Salamba Sirsasana , something i never ever thought i could do. and bloody hell, do i feel good now. i think this must be bliss. :)

 urlLink sydney morning herald: there are kisses and then there are k-i-s-s-e-s But how do you know if you've had a kiss to kill you? Is it the bricks falling in on you, the crashing waves on the shore, the stomach-churning sound of your lover's lips smacking, the hangover from the night before, or something in you that says, I'm not the same person any more, love is dynamite, or my lips hurt. Whatever you feel, you'll know when it's happened: it explodes inside as bright and noisy as the Sydney New Year's Eve fireworks. i've had the luck of more that one of these. one that got under my skin is preserved on videotape, an unexpectedly intense kiss of totte and me on stage, him giving the audience the thumbs up behind my back. another one that a lot tasted of red wine, and happened on a flatmate's bed, late at night. the next day, the hangover was terrible, but what was worse was my longing to repeat the experience. my most favourite life changing kiss happened as i was sitting right here where i am sitting now, at my desk. there was tension (and anticipation) around, and evan came over from the bed and knelt next to me, telling me that i really didn't want to read the paper, did i? and i didn't, of course, and we kissed, in this awkward position, me sitting on a chair, him kneeling. ...and then there are life changing kisses each and every time one of us walks out of those metal doors in the arrival section of an airport, when we're startled that the other one exists, after all, and is real. i could do with some life changing kissing now, actually. :)

 urlLink februarium, day four: where you've loved it's a wee bit silly to have "love" solely mean "sex", but nonetheless here we go: an assortment of beds (of all sizes and kinds), floors (of all kinds), bathrooms, living rooms, other rooms, staircases, cars and countrysides, all located in either germany, australia or new zealand. now that was short and sweet, wasn't it?

 urlLink februarium, day three: when you've loved the first time i fell in love, for real, in my teens, i fell deep and hard and fast. it wasn't at first sight - i had known him for a while, casually. you know the impact summer and being sequestered can have on the first sparkles of teenage love: it was the same for me. it was summer when i fell for totte, i had just turned 16, and we were both group leaders at a summer camp. as a bunch of friends, we were looking after a hundred kids aged between 8 and 14, staying at a gorgeous, 800 year old castle for three weeks. i fell in love with totte, who was 19 then, because he was odd, smart, daring, creative. he was a performer, too, always out for an audience. and i was a willing one. i remember one night walking through the castle, passing his groups' bedroom. he was telling them a bedtime story about some obscure things (i specifically remember the invention of the dishwasher), making it up as he went. i sat down on the cold stone floor outside the room, and listened, too. that butterfly feeling started quite abruptly, a few days into our first week. i was unable to pretend it wasn't there - i was so in awe of this boy, i couldn't keep my eyes off him. one night, after everyone had gone to sleep, sitting in oppsoite corners of a room, he told me had noticed it, and that yes, he liked me, too, but didn't feel like he could include me in his complicated life. oh, the drama of it all. nonetheless, after a few hours of talking about that fact, he asked me whether i didn't want to come to his corner of the room, and of course i did. i think i didn't even bother to sit down on a chair, but sat on his lap straight away, and we kissed and tore some clothes of each other and spend that night clinging to each other. i fell asleep with my head in his lap, on a couple of chairs. somehow, i thought he'd soon realise what he was missing out on and would change his mind. oh, the folly of youth. over the next few days and weeks, we started a stop-and-go affair straight out of a "how not to have a healthy relationship" guidebook. totte kept telling me (and i kept pretending that i understood) that we really couldn't have a relationship and really shouldn't be making out. - only to keep relapsing after drunken nights, trying hard not to let anyone else notice what was up (or rather "wrong") with us. he often literally ran away when things got wild. as if that all wasn't enough (imagine functioning & looking after kids with all that drama and no sleep) the mood at camp was further complicated by a friend of ours, stephan, getting so sick that he couldn't work anymore. as a result of that, totte and i ended up playing the leading roles in a silly little play we group leaders put on for the entire camp - we became prince and princess. that added hours of rehearsals (including a kissing scene) to the little dramas we played in (more or less privacy) most nights anyway. i longed for all of them. the biggest drama came at the last night at camp. after lots of alcoholic beverages had been consumed, sparked by "our song" ("keine ist", bei rdelheim hartreim projekt), i confronted him in front of everyone else, screaming at him why he didn't realise that struggling against this was silly. he didn't respond, and i ran out of the room, into the boys showers, turning them on. i was fully dressed. he followed, of course, held me, took of his t-shirt as a towel substitute for me, and carried me to bed. had one of our friends not told him to leave me alone, it might have been different. there are many "might have been's" in our story. i get to think about what might have been..." after returning from camp, we didn't see each other for a while, both going on seperate holidays, and totte was never there when we others caught up. once school started again, we started talking on the phone occasionally, and saw each other some mornings, when he had art classes at my school. i remember one day going to his place, and we took the bikes out to one of the hills, and "decided", sitting up there, we really wouldn't keep trying to have this relationship, only to end the talk hugging, me trying to kiss him again, unsuccessfully. that happened more than once. then in august, something happened that turned everything upside down: stephan, our friend who had gotten sick at summer camp, died, suddenly and unexpectedly. he was buried on totte's birthday. in the weeks after, totte and i, we saw each other more often for a short while, we mourned together, we felt guilty together, we held on to each other, until it just stopped. after totte had been away on a trip to italy, he returned and told me one afternoon, again sitting in opposing corners of a room, that he had really wanted to sleep with me in the previous weeks and had hence avoided me, because he wanted to stick to the no-relationship rule "we" had established. we circled each other through the room, but nothing happened. i was just stunned by his admission. who knows how things would have been had i been daring, what might have been had i not let myself get circled around the room but had remained sitting where i sat, on the paint stained floor...another might have been, indeed. a few weeks later, our dazzling stop-and-go affair would culminate in yet another drunken encounter which made me believe we would be a couple after all, but -un beknownst to me- once we had said our drunken goodnights, he had a major bike crash and when i visited him the next day in hospital, not only did he have a few big pieces of titanium in his shoulder, he also pretended not to remember our love-drunken banter and making out roughly 18 hours before. i was devastated and went to a different city for a week and on a (pretty successful) mission to snog totte out of my system - with rebound man. when i returned, totte had a girlfriend. that much to his life being "to complicated to include anyone else" . thanks. but alas, the story didn't end there. despite the girlfriend, we had a final night of drama, in the city where i had just discovered rebound man, who was 9 years older than me, and an artist. we ended up drunk (oh, what a surprise), and he told me "we have to talk", so we went outside, to a nearby lake, and soon were all over each other again, after another bunch of confessions by him of the "i really love you/i wanted a relationship/i stood back because.." variety. however, the evening turned sour, because instead of loving tenderness, both of us -probably unconsiously knowing this was going to be the last time ever- got extremely aggressive and rough, not caring at the least whether anyone else witnessed him so obviosuly betraying his girlfriend with me. at one point, i was so exhausted, both mentally and physically, that i started to sob. that morning, he was the first one up in the flat where we stayed with several people. he played sting's song "why should i cry for you" ( "Sometimes I see your face/the stars seem to lose their place/Why must I think of you?/Why must I?/Why should I?/Why should I cry for you?/Why would you want me to?/And what would it mean to say,/That, "I loved you in my fashion"?/What would be true?/Why should I?/Why should I cry for you?" good question, if you ask me.) it was the last time, ever. funny is that thorsten thinks -to this day, actually- that we had intercourse that night, which we just didn't. even more funny that he -also to this day- feels sorry and guilty about it. as the final postscript to it, a few days after this last encounter with totte, i found myself sitting in a cafe with his girlfriend, "talking things over". it was a ridiculous thing, because i just didn't want him anymore then anyway. at all. sometime during that last night, i had fallen out of love with him. the next year, going back to summer camp, still with rebound guy (he and i, we had a great relationship, actually), i still felt a terrible urge to please totte, to live up to his standards. i was still his willing audience. he was my willing audience, too: he walked in on me and someone else having a one night stand (not that we noticed it then), and instead of you know, walking out and never mentioning it, he came into my room at night and wrote "hahahahaha" on the skin of the inside of my arm with a waterproof marker. thank you very much. we lost touch after that second summer. i ran into him on a train once, a few years later, and in the summer of 2000, i saw him again, at the castle, and was his willing audience again. this time, he stunned me though. he apologised for how bad our relationship had been, told me that he had wanted to do that for years, that he wished he hadn't run away from himself then, that he wished i had been more daring, because he would have needed that. we talked about lots of things that might have been. while they upset me a lot then, and paralysed me for weeks, these things that might have been, these days, i don't ponder anymore how different life might have been had my first love been actually loving, and not this kind of a stop-and-go-affair. i can still see why i loved totte, why i loved him with the fervor of a 16 year old, why i clung to the feeling and let him hurt me. he still amazes me, urlLink i still look out for him and care about what he does , if only from afar, i still find him awfully attractive, as creative and daring and spontanous as i thought he was at the start. i am still not completely over him, sometimes. our thing was intense and dramatic. - i didn't know better about what relationships should be like. i didn't know that ideally, both people are equal partners - and not performer and audience. not only did i feel love in all its intensity that summer, i also learned through this relationship what i didn't want. and that's something, too. flinch ~alanis morisette~ What's it been over a decade? It still smarts like it was four minutes ago We only influenced each other totally We only bruised each other even more so What are you my blood? You touch me like you are my blood What are you my dad? You affect me like you are my dad How long can a girl be shackled to you How long before my dignity is reclaimed How long can a girl stay haunted by you Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name Where've you been? I heard you moved to my city My brother saw you somewhere downtown I'd be paralyzed if I ran into you My tongue would seize up if we were to meet again What are you my god? You touch me like you are my god What are you my twin? You affect me like you are my twin How long can a girl be tortured by you? How long before my dignity is reclaimed And how long can a girl be haunted by you Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name Soon I'll grow up and I won't even flinch at your name So here I am one room away from where I know you're standing A well-intentioned man told me you just walked in This man knows not of how this information has affected me But he knows the colour of the car I just drove away in What are you my kin? You touch me like you are my kin What are you my air? You affect me like you are my air

 discovery of the day: i can take off/put a pair of gap jeans (which used to sit tight, a few months ago) without opening the buttons and zipper. they now slide over my hips, just like that. bizarre. i can now do that "i wear my hipsters so low you can all watch my undies" -look that's so hip with teens these days, too!

 urlLink the guardian: bin laden offers tips to defend iraq "Al-Jazeera, the Arab satellite channel that specialises in Osama bin Laden scoops, was itself scooped yesterday by the US secretary of state, Colin Powell. When Mr Powell announced that the station would shortly broadcast a new tape from the al-Qaida leader, executives at the TV studio in Qatar appeared flummoxed. The editor at first denied it and the press spokesman declined to comment. But Mr Powell's prediction came true. The 16-minute audio tape - purportedly the ninth recording from al-Qaida received by al-Jazeera since the start of the Afghan war - arrived in the studio just after 7pm London time. It came "in a similar way" to others, according to a spokesman, Jihad Ballout. [...] So perhaps Bin Laden has scored an own goal. Or perhaps it is not the voice of the al-Qaida leader at all. Could it simply be an actor, hired by the CIA, addressing the world from Langley, Virginia? The trouble with Bin Laden tapes is that nobody can ever be quite sure." indeed, i, too, wonder, how colin powell knew about the tape before al-jazeera did and am more than amazed someone actually wrote in a paper what my first idea was. what a strange world this one is. (article via urlLink graeme )

 urlLink februarium, day two: what you love a few things that i love (in almost alphabetical order, evan had to be first) evan. 1972 mg b's. a challenge. adventures. apollo bay. apple cakes (preferably from the bakery in apollo bay). arriving. astroglide. australian football rules. baking. ben becker's voice. bluebag smoothies. body pump. bono's voice. boogie boarding. books that feel good to the touch. bookshops. "calling.." on bfbs. caipirinhas. cleaning. closeness. cold clear winter days. cold vb. connectedness. cookie monster. cooking. crappy australian tv shows that lessen my homesickness. cricket. cuddling. dad. diet coke with lemon. diet pepsi. driving. driving in the mg with evan, singing along to u2. drugstores. excitement. evans hands on my lower back. fabian. feeling connected. fleece jumpers. frozen fruitbombs. getting pre editions of books before their official first sale date. giants's block protein bars. gin tonics. going to the movies. google. grandma. h&m. having time for letters and emails. having sex. high quality adult toys made of silicone. holding hands. hot summer days. hot water bottles. "ich weiss was ich will" by udo jrgens. ikea. intellectual property law. jean paul gaultier perfume. kisek, my outdoor cat. koalas. late night walks through geelong with evan. long walks. long, warm, comfy, knitted scarves. lush butterball bathbombs. mac lipstick and lipglass. macadamia nuts. making love. massage. melbourne. mephisto, my indoor cat. midnight brownies. mom. my bed. my melbourne friends. my melbourne law firm. myself (most of the time). nur die liebe zhlt. office works. opinions. oral sex. paintings by mark rothko. pepsi max. phone calls. pjur eros bodyglide. psychedelic sheets. reebok step. robbie williams. roos. sand between my toes. schnuffi. shopping in deserted supermarkets. song lyrics. sponge biscuits. sudden ocean views. swiffer. tate modern. thai curries. the essendon bombers. the feeling after a workout. the great ocean road. the pacific. the piece of paper that accurately states that i have worked for kylie minogue. the tour de france. time to re-read my favourite books. timtams. tina. tiramisu. wombats. writing here. yoga.

 i had my first yoga class with ralph today. it was really nice, and i think i have decided that i will join it on a regular basis. ralph is a really nice guy, probably not even 30, and i like his teaching, even though it is different from bettina's. - he's more demanding, i'd say, and corrects in a different way, too. he doesn't teach traditional sivananda per se, he combines it with elements of yvengar and ashtanga, and it makes for a good combo in a way, today's class felt "whole", if that makes sense. he does include some chanting and explanations when appropriate and uses the orginal names almost exclusively, which is all very nice. om. the class is small, and the other people are young and friendly. - and they are all very advanced and very flexible and very strong. it will be good to put my urlLink resolutions to the test: it will be a lesson in humbleness for me, to be the least knowledgeable and the most struggling person in a class. and finally: if i really wanted to, i could quite easily get myself a major crush on ralph. he's super friendly, knowledgable, young and lean and muscluar (very yogic, indeed), and has the nicest little happy trail on his stomach. oy. :)

 urlLink februarium, day one: who you love. (a day too late) dear evan, when i saw you for the first time on platform #3 of freiburg train station (i had been running late to pick you up) that december evening more than three years ago, my first impression was that you were "just another typical aussie from the exchange". i'm still sorry for that: it must have been the big jacket and beanie and backpack distracting me from the person underneath the winter & backpacking garb. but then, you thought i looked just like ellen, which i quite simply don't do. we're even on how off we were with the first impressions, aren't we? within hours of your arrival, i realised that you were different to anyone i had ever met before. sitting at cafe legere with you, i felt that you and i, we were extremely similar and had lots in common, i felt like a recognised you. butterflies started to rage in my stomach and i kept telling myself that no, i shouldn't misinterpret the comfortable talking and the opinions we shared and should better not start harvesting romantic emotions for someone who i not only had to work with for the next few weeks, but who also -quite literally- lived at the other end of the world but alas, both you and i know what happened next. it's amazing to realize that it's been more than three years since we met. we have changed in those three years, our relationship has changed. those first few months apart, after those first few weeks of bliss (and you leaving jen) were terrible. if i look back at us then, it's like seeing two people doing everything wrong one can do wrong about ldrs. it makes me very sad to think how depressed i got through those first months, through jen being constantly around while you didn't take a firm position to her. it's embarrassing to realise that i pressured you that much, just like you're embarrassed about how much ego-cuddling by other people you needed back than, and how you let other people's emotions and needs override yours, and how badly you treated me. we've both grown and learned and improved so much since. i still can't quite say when the change happened, when we finally got on the route to a better relationship. - i remember us argueing at cologne train station in the first week of 2001, when it felt like we were either going to get through or break up. so severe were my issues with you needing others for your self-esteem. it's been hard to see you, intelligent, beautiful, smart, talented, sexy, loving, being so unsure about yourself. it made me feel like something about me was wrong, when you needed other people's praise. since then, things have improved constantly, our time together now bliss- and not stress-filled. sure, there are still bumps in the road (and they are plentiful), but you and i are the team we were the first weeks we met, sharing so many things we both enjoy: music, cooking, working out, watching sports, roadtripping. the more time i spend with you, the more i know i want to be with you, and that the place where i should be is with you. while our time together has grown better, saying goodbye to and being apart from you has grown harder. i remember us thinking we'd get some sort of routine to saying goodbye over time, but really, the more i know i want to be in melbourne, with you, the harder it is to get on the plane back here. it seems so pointless to clear my life up here, when i can not wait to start living with you. - the glimpses of coupled life together we've had so far were so good, made me so happy. being with you not only makes me feel safe and loved and secure, but it also challenges me. challenges me to let go of those obsessive compulsive streaks i have, challenges me to care less about some and more about other things. but above all, being with you feels right. i miss being with you, sleeping next to you; i miss your hands on me, i miss touching your hipbone (which has been mine, since the first time we got naked), i miss kissing you, tasting you, spending an afternoon being under and above and surrounded by you, i miss sitting on the rim of the bathtub, watching you shave, or looking at you while you're in the shower, making poses for me. i miss cooking with you, making coffee for you in the morning and quitely having breakfast sharing the paper, i miss walking and talking, driving around in your mg, i miss our conversations, i miss how you challenge me mentally, and how we're able to discuss so many things. this year is going to be adventurous: so many changes, your new job, my graduation, my impending move. - i am sure if we don't loose sight of the team that we are, we will manage it, just fine. it's a great adventure to be your partner and i can't wait until we have this all year round, and not just in short bursts. i love you. caro

 ...and said email is everything i could have hoped it would be.

 i just got an email that i am terribly, terribly nervous about opening.

 let's all sing together now.... urlLink annatopia : "If You're Happy And You Know It, Bomb Iraq!" If we cannot find Osama, bomb Iraq. If the markets hurt your Mama, bomb Iraq. If the terrorists are Saudi And the bank takes back your Audi And the TV shows are bawdy, Bomb Iraq. urlLink ">complete lyrics

 urlLink kelly & sharon osbourne : it's urlLink hpv that causes cauliflower like warts , ladies. and no, you don't get it from kissing, and yes, your nanny is right, it can be transmitted through manual sex. (realisation: i can neither dream nor watch the telly without urlLink safer sex ed interfering.)

 i had a personal training session and urlLink program show at the gym today . i thought we'd do assessment, too, but thankfully, stephan, one of my gym's personal trainers, didn't get out the dreaded body fat scales. i can't say that i mind. - i was so worried about stepping on them, i fasted last night and this morning and had little water (which can upset the results). sure, it would be good to know. - the last measurement i have is from 15 months ago, and was very very bad. i am sure i've improved since then. maybe i'll actually ask for the dreaded scales at our next session in twelve weeks. oh well. anyway. got lots of praise on my progress from stephan (and again from chris, gee, she's been doing that every week lately) and now have a real grown-up, advanced, split weight training program. including free weights, so that i will get to spend time in the testosterone laden corner of the gym with the muscly, moaning boys. weeh! am now officially giving up all classes besides body pump and reebok step - and maybe the occasional fit-plus class (mainly because i like bettina and because it adds different moves and activities, the classes most of the time aren't quite challenging enough for me) or a spinning session. no more bodystyling! weeh! yes, i know, there is life outside gyms, and yes, my life is very boring, considering how excited i am about this.

 despite all the controversy: urlLink the world cup is on. hooray! too bad that all i will see of it is the urlLink news from the age , and the occasional 5 second report on cnn. duh. time to move to the southern hemisphere, i think.

 urlLink i've said it before , so i'm sorry to repeat myself, but i absolutely fancy urlLink ben becker . to get a healthy dose of his voice and his fucking awesome physical acting, i can even bear to watch urlLink a costume movie on (the hypothetical) love affair between amelie, sister of prussian king friedrich the ii, and friedrich von der trenck . and well, there's also a healthy dose of ben becker in sex scenes with lots of ruffly clothing and soft orange lighting. yum.

 at the gym this morning, in the bodystyling class i took part in, one of the women around me smelt like airplane moisturiser. moisturising lotion from airplanes. you know, that free, strongly smelling, either pinkish or off-white moisturising lotion that's in the bottles without screw-tops on economy class toilets on long-haul flights. you know, that stuff you only use when you've forgot to pack your own moisturiser in your hand luggage. you know, that stuff that smells so strongly that the entire toilets smell like it, too. cathay pretends that what's in their little bottles is actually kanebo. but i doubt it. it has none of the traits of a good quality moisturiser, and that smell is so not kanebo, either. i personally suspect that airplane moisturiser comes from a 250 l barrel labeled "airplane moisturising lotion with built-in toilet air freshener" that is delivered with the airplane, straight from boeing ( buy one airplane, get two barrels of airplane lotion, free. choice of pink or white variety. ), accompanied by 8 little screw-top less bottles (one for each economy class loo) and an assortment of stick-on labels so the airline can disguise the origin of the lotion and pretend that it's high quality. what else could explain how air new zealand, singapore and cathay all had lotion that smelled the same? oh well. so this morning, i worked out for an hour, a cloud of airplane lotion moving around the room. the smell breathtaking, giving me flashbacks of being cranky and tired, of dry air, dry skin, and queing for the loo, of leaving australia, of missing my boy. duh. unfortunately, i was unable to identify the culpit, the cloud was just too big, and surrounded a group of at least 6 women. i wish bodystyling class came with a no smell, no perfume, no nothing rule, like yoga does. just to prevent sad airplane travel flashbacks early on a sunday morning.

 urlLink anti-war protest, byron bay style.

 my watch still shows melbourne time. i just haven't really felt the need to change it to central european time yet. i dont want to. changing it would be like accepting that i am back. in the past, i sometimes changed my watch while still on the plane, or when on the train back home. not this time. i can't and i don't want to. it started on the plane. on the the way to hong kong i kept looking at it, thinking about my lover working, having a terrible day at the hospital. i kept hoping the patient who was pretty much dying when evan came in at 8am was still better again and that evan's day wasn't as horrible as it had started out. when my watch showed 10pm, i thought about him finally being able to go home, walking along swanston street, turning into malop street, crossing through the park where the mad magpie always ogled us in the mornings and being home shortly thereafter. i imagined him unlocking the door, dropping his bag and kicking off his shoes. i imagined him getting beer from the fridge, walking upstairs and finding the note i had left, and my photo back on the nightstand and the freshly made bed (to avoid him being sad because of urlLink sheet changing, which is as sad as showering ). i got sad thinking about him being alone in the room, his first night there alone. later, in hong kong, walking around the airport in a daze, i kept looking at my watch and knew evan was asleep in his bed now, i knew what his sheets looked and smelled like, i imagined him lying there, his bear in the top right corner of the bed next to him, and i missed him, longed to be there and snuggle up to him from behind. i still look at my watch and wonder what evan is doing. i try to imagine what his life is like that very moment. it connects us, my watch that is still showing melbourne time. every night between 9 and 10 my time, i look at my watch and think about him starting his day. i imagine him sitting in the kitchen reading urlLink the age and reluctantly having breakfast and coffee, his flatmate susie jumping around, hecticly ironing a blouse for the day. i see him picking out a shirt and tie for the day, fixing his hair in the bathroom and sorting and picking up the things he needs from the nightstand (mobile, pass for the hospital, keys, change). close to 10pm my time, i imagine him and his flatmates walking through the park with the magpie towards the hospital, passing the rose garden, once they've arrived at the hospital walking up the driveway to the resident's quaters. every morning, i send him an sms that time of the day to say good morning and wish him a good day. when i wake up in the middle of the night, still struggling with jetlag, and see that it's just past noon in his town and timezone, i wonder whether he has got time to grab some lunch now and whether he's at the funky cafe down the road with some of the other interns. i wonder what stuffed toy is sitting on their table - there are no numbers for orders at this cafe, you get a stuffed toy instead. is it freddo this time or the purple dragon? every morning when i wake up and my watch shows that it's 5pm where he is, i think about him still being at work, having one more hour to go, and wonder what he's doing, whether he's seeing patients, or dealing with any codes, or sitting somewhere writing discharge summaries, or maybe even playing ping-pong in resis, when there's nothing to do. i am well aware that quite often, my guessing is off. that he's got the afternoon off and is getting his hair cut or working out when i wonder about him looking after patients, that i think about him getting up, when he's been up for ages already, that he's super busy on a day when i hope he's got spare time. but i don't mind being wrong at all. this is not about accuracy - it's about feeling a connection. and i do feel a connection. i feel it right now, looking at my watch showing 4am, imagining him in his bed (knowing which sheets are on, imagining him wearing certain shorts, his old ragged "swot-cool for cats" t-shirt next to the bed on the floor because he was too warm), the blinds on the window down, his mobile blinking and flashing every few seconds in the corner where the powerpoint is. i still wish i was there. but looking at my watch, i am there. i can see him and smell him and crawl over him to the wall side of the bed, lift the duvet and snuggle up to him, putting my arm around and my hand on his stomach. in my mind, i am there.

 nothing can improve my day as significantly as a relaxed one hour phone call with evan after a week like this one. we finally had time to connect and exchange stuff that had been happening and just hear each other's voices. an hour of coupley-ness that was very much needed on my part. all very nice indeed. left me feeling a lot happier about us than i had been all week, and probably the week before that, too. re-charged my love batteries so to speak. he. unfortunately, it also left me longing to be with him, my poor boy all alone at home on a friday night before a work-filled weekend, too tired to be bothered to cook a real meal for himself. i really want to improve our connection, which gets so disturbed by the noise of my worries and my self-doubts and my feelings of worthlessness, and work on being a reliable, supportive, loving companion and lover for him. it's all there already, i felt it today again (talking about our parents, and pleasing them, and my fathers hate of my impending leaving) - i just forget what we already have, what we have had for such a long time already, when my thougths turn negative. after yesterday's yoga class and meditation, i decided to look for mediations that might help me working with my worries, or rather, accepting them and letting them move through me, to get somewhere better. the simple images that bettina has been using during our meditations after class, warm suns over our chests, love and warmth radiating through us to those we love (which stirred up images in my head of my love crossing the globe like radiowaves, finding evan at sleep in his bed at night) have made me feel so good, that i thought it might be worth a try to find inspirational or meditative reading to use before or during my sitting. found even more than what i was hoping for: urlLink the power of love meditation at urlLink yoga journal . am very much looking forward to do it after my practise tomorrow morning. :)

 urlLink friday five . 1. what did you have for breakfast this morning? if you didn't have breakfast, why not? i am having a choc flavoured protein shake as i type. very late brekkie, but i felt a bit sick last night after yoga, and didn't feel like eating earlier today. when i am done with the shake, i'll have a banana, too. 2. what's your favorite cereal? uncle toby's bran plus with urlLink yoplait no-fat vanilla yoghurt . 3. how often do you eat out? do you want that to change? i don't eat out when i am here at all. i hate eating out alone, and quite simply can not afford it since we had the , when eating out suddenly turned into a major luxury because even a plain pizza sets you back 5 already. 4. what do you plan on having for dinner tonight? got a recipe for that? it looks like i'll either make potato soup or broccoli pasta with pork bits, depending if and what i feel like after my spinning class tonight (often don't feel like cooking and/or eating after working out in the evening). broccoli pasta with pork bits serves one lonely me 80 g spaghetti 250 g broccoli, washed, and cut into bite sized morsels 1 shallot, chopped 1 tablespoon olive oill 100 ml prepared veggie stock salt and black pepper a tiny bit of lemon zest 50 g rolled, smoked and cured loin of pork, fat-free, chopped 1 tablespoon cream cook pasta al dente. while pasta is cooking, heat oil in a non-stick pan, and fry the chopped shallot and the broccoli for thee minutes, stirring constantly. add the stock, and salt, pepper and lemon zest. simmer for a further 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. when the pasta is done, drain, and transfer into the pan with the broccoli. add the chopped pork bits and the cream, and mix well. arrange on a deep plate, sprinkled with black pepper. potato soup serves one lonely me several times, or two to three very hungry people about once about 5 medium sized potatoes peeled and cubed; preferably a firm potato variety 700ml fat free milk 250ml prepared veggie stock 1 medium sized onion, chopped teaspoon celery salt 1 teaspoon herb salt 100ml creamy fat free yoghurt parsley, chopped put milk, stock, potato, onion, celery salt and herb salt in a pot. bring to cook. once boiling, reduce heat to very low and let simmer, stirring regularly, until the potatoes are through. remove from heat. put half of the potatoes and soup into a mixer and puree until smooth. transfer back into pot and stir until even. serve with a dollop of yoghurt stirred in, and sprinkled with parsley. if you want more oomph and transform this into an even more filling stew, just add chopped up, steamed veges of your liking. to transform this into a spinach soup, use fewer potatoes, and add a handful of chopped spinach (squeeze out excess liquid) and a bit of lemon juice. 5. what's your favorite restaurant? why? i don't really have one over here, because i hardly ever eat out. in melbourne, however, there are a few places i like a lot. above all is fletcher's pasta bar in 87 fletcher st, essendon. they serve trusty, yummy pastas and awesome desserts in a cosy, family-like and friendly atmosphere. - and you get to spot urlLink bombers there, too! i also like a small asian joint on russel st, whose name i don't know, and an assortment of places on and around brunswick & smith st.

 Why do women love Spike? Well, it's obvious - tough but sensitive, Spike is the perfect fantasy object. Asked for his thoughts on Spike's appeal, Marsters laughs and says, "In the words of Sid Vicious," he adopts a slurred British accent, "girls love me 'cause I've got a nice face and a good figure." urlLink the age: masters class yum.

 progress & committment: called ralph, a local urlLink sivananda teacher today, and arranged to join one of his classes on tuesday so that i will hopefully soon have two classes a week (bettina, my current teacher, only offers the one course i am already at, and recommended ralph), and ordered urlLink my very first yoga mat. weeh!

 this makes me sound a lot more down than i actually am, but i really feel like listening to urlLink beck's seachange right now.

 question of the day: what's that deal about snow being romantic? after a good week of pretty much constant snow, i start to believe that snow is just very slowly, frequently direction changing (making sure to always be directed into your face) falling rain that clings to your clothing. the cold (which is essential for snow) makes sure your soaked through clothing actually freezes. duh.

 i quite gloriously failed at sticking to my urlLink freshly written resolutions today. just after noon, after i came home from the gym, i called evan, because we had agreed yesterday that we'd talk today, just after ten his time. but no one answered at home. he didn't answer his mobile. rather frustrating. in an instant, a zillion images flashed through my head, all of them rather sickening, most revolving around variations of "he's out at nash with his new flatmate, seeing my symbol flashing on his mobile and deciding not to answer". i did leave a message on his mobile, during which i sounded as unnerved as i was by not being able to get in touch with him. oops. felt bad about that message as soon as i put down the receiver, but was upset nonetheless, because it's been such a trial to talk to him for more than 10 minutes all last week. after an hour of being upset and obsessing about what he might be doing away from home, i started to get upset about being so distrusting and started to worry that he might have had an accident, that he had swapped shifts and was actually working, or that he had just missed the call because he'd been in the shower and didn't check is mobile before going to bed. all very stupid. just after 2, my phone rang, and of course it was him, worried about me being angry because of the message i had left. indeed, he had spend the evening at nash, and for the first time in days, he wasn't completely tired and in a good mood, too, because the day and the evening had been good. it was good to hear him happy and well and happy about getting along with his new registrar. how mean of me to be jealous of him spending time at the pub, when he works so much and really needs time off to socialise with all the new folks around. argh. but of course all was well, and we joked a bit, even though (as with many jokes) there was a grain of truth in my joking that he should send over the addresses of all the girls around, so i could send them the membership cards for the "evan fanclub" and to tell me more about having two female flatmates, a new female registrar all other male interns fancied and looking especially good at the moment, so that i could spend the rest of the day curled up in a fetal position. duh. he also told me how worried he was about the phone bill and that he hadn't had time yet to check calling rates, which was why our calls had been so short lately. in any way, i failed today. completely. well done, caro. i reckon part of my *issues* with phones stems from seeing my brother utilizing modern technology to repeatedly cheat on his girlfriend. he's a master of sneaking out for secret little mobile calls, making up stories about where he is, and turning off the phone when he's with someone else. when i visited him in london in july, he spend a night away from the flat (with affairgirl #354), and i -staying alone at his flar- got orders to not answer the landline, just in case his girlfriend called. it's unfair to transfer my brother's cheating behaviour to evan. very unfair. but i keep having trouble turning off the freaking out about phones. silly me. i vow to be better about being an attentive, loving, caring, understanding girlfriend tomorrow.

 urlLink from space with love

 "...yeah, you really got me now you got me so i don't know what i'm doin', now oh yeah, you really got me now you got me so i can't sleep at night you really got me you really got me you really got me see, don't ever set me free i always wanna be by your side..." "you really got me" ~the kinks~ ...i wrote my valentine's day card to evan today :)

 i am well aware that 2003 is already a month old, but considering i've been on a mission to consolidate life, writing down some goals & wishes seems like a good step. who cares about being late? {resolutions} {physical} i want to look after myself better and keep having a healthy, active lifestyle - all year round. this is two-fold, it involves both better nutrition and working out. i will make an effort to eat more regularly and higher quality food, especially more (and new) veges. regarding working out, i want to keep improving both stamina, strength and flexibility. i will seek assistance and guidance in setting a new routine for me. i will attempt to not let the scale or my body fat percentage rule my happiness. i want to feel loving feelings for my body. i will keep donating blood and get regular check ups. {mental} i will make an effort to use therapy to its fullest potential, attend regular sessions, and be honest with my therapist. i will work on my relationship with my parents and attempt to stop avoiding the rough stuff. i want to built more self-esteem and self-worth, and let go of some of the obsessive compulsive streaks of my personality. i want to get over my anxieties and helplessness. i want to recognize the warning signs of my depression, and ask for help when it gets rough. i will keep practising yoga, and find a new teacher, to get more regular practise. i want to nurture the few friendships that i have, and meet more people. i want and need to built a strong support net for myself again, as i can not and should not rely on my relationship alone. i want to be less judgmental in contact with other people, especially women, and try to actually get to know *them*. my goal is to turn off the voice of the beauty myth in my head. {relationship} it's gonna be a year of big changes for evan and me. these changes scare me a lot. - i want try to trust in us more and relax more, and want us both to continue being a team. i want us to start making real, definite plans together and decide together on the best way for me to immigrate. i want to be more open towards him, without fearing rejection. i want to stop comparing myself to women who are closer to evan, and trust in his love of me. i will try to not start doubting him and us as soon as there is a bump in the road. - my worries, expectations and self-doubts poison our relationship. i want to continue being there for evan and find a balance between both our needs and wants, and let go of my position more often. i want to be patient and helpful in this time of change for evan, and keep listening to his needs. my most immediate goal is to improve our communication while apart, and find a communication schedule that fits both of us. {educational} i want to finally finish my law degree this year, and move on. i want to keep a strong connection to my melbourne law firm to secure a job for next year, and decide on a university and course (and how to pay for it). {financial} i want to start being in control of my money issues. this includes actually having a real budget and paying bills as they turn up. it also involves attempting to start saving, and looking into ways to finance my move & continueing education. in short: i want to be a better person.

 i think dr.k, my dear therapist, thinks that i have an eating disorder. i had my first session with him in ages today, and when i mentioned going to the gym with evan when in australia (and how his going with the new flatmate felt like she was trespassing in my territory), he asked me whether i went over here, too. i asked him why he wanted to know, to which he replied that i looked like i had lost a lot of weight. he said it in a very non-judgmental, neutral way, i.e. not the way my mother says " wow, you look so good! so skinny!" . i told him i didn't know how much i lost (even though i do know exactly how much it is) because i didn't own scales (which is true). he asked me, why i didn't own scales, to which i told him (truthfully), that i don't want the scale to rule my life. i should have used the moment and should have been more honest and open. i should have told him that even though i don't have scales, the gym does, and my parents do, and i do know exactly how much i weigh and that it does feel like the scales are gaining control over me again. i could have told him that it sometimes feels just a tiny little bit out of control. how hard it is to decide what to eat and how much time i *do* spend at the gym. alas, i didn't. lying to my therapist the first session i am there again, is quite a stupid thing to do, indeed. thing is, it sounds so *made up* for me to say that i feel like something might be wrong, or might be on the way to turning wrong. it sounds *made up* to speak about my silly eating habits and the rules that i follow and how much i work out. talking about it feels fake, like i *want* to have an eating disorder, just so that i have anyother psychiatry issue i can claim as my own. it sounds like i want a playmate for my ocd and depression. the two are so lonely. fact is, i know all about eating disorders, i should know how to avoid the slippery slope. hm. maybe i should bring it up again, and simply be honest about it next week.

 i've lost my body. somewhere between melbourne, hong kong and frankfurt, it has dissapeared, and i haven't managed to find it again. it's still there, obviously, but her and i, we've been disconnected. these last two weeks were entirely lust-less for me, in each and every sense, not just a sexual sense. my body has been feeling unloved and lonely, suddenly being without touches and caresses and evans physical presence. i get so used to -literally- having him within reach, that once we're apart again, it feels like someone has ripped off one of my limbs. i miss sleeping near him. i miss kissing, and hugging, and just being near him. i miss his smell and his taste. it might sound odd, but it's always hard to shower after the last time we have sex before one of us leaves. it always feels like washing off not only his smell, his sweat, his ejaculate, but also his fingerprints to me. that first shower usually leaves me sitting on the floor of the shower, sobbing; an experience so bad, that i showered while he was still there this time, before i walked him to the hospital. i felt like i wouldn't be able to handle it without him in the house. i don't know what exactly triggers being emotional in showers, whether it is the fact one is naked, and alone, or because there is water already, tears aren't that obvious. i just know that when i am close to running on empty, close to breaking, showers sweep me over the edge, all the time. - happened this morning, too, when i felt so lonely, and lost and neglected after that first phone talk. i've had trouble looking after myself, too. - i haven't felt like or had the energy for pampering myself, treating myself well, just dealing with myself in a loving way, caring for myself. it's hard to get back to being alone after sharing life with evan. deciding what to eat, cooking, eating, grooming, handling my body, are truly overwhelming activities. it was worst on the first few days after coming back: i found myself standing in the middle of the supermarket, unable to decide what i wanted. i sat in the tub, water streaming over me, unsure about what to do next: use that soap or wash my hair? - it's so tiring, it's so difficult to decide what to do, what to wear, how to handle me. i don't think i have ever been this out of tune with my body, and wokring out hasn't helped at all. - the only time i have felt in tune with my body has been during yoga class last thursday. i guess part of it is the cold, too. my body has cramped up as a reaction to it, all the flexibility, ease and suppleness of summer is gone. regarding lust, it's been the same. there has been nothing. nada. no desire to masturbate, even though i fired up my gigolo in an attempt to ressurect my libido. no pleasure from my body. no warm fuzzy feelings. before i left, evan and i went on a mission to get sexed out just in time for saying goodbye, like we usually do. it's a bit of a ridiculous but fun thing to do. - we're both well aware that neither of our libidos can be calmed down for long, unless there are major life stresses (think jen or a major depressive episode) - more sex than usual quite simply doesn't do the trick for long. attempting to get sexed out is more like a last effort of sharing time feeling good, bonding, enjoying ourselves, pleasuring each other (now that sounds corny) before we have to seperate. but right now, it seems like it has worked. almost too well. it's not that i don't have a sex life when evan is not around, or am less of a sexual being: generally, my sexuality is first of all mine, and mine only, and not defined by anyone else. but of course my sexuality changes when i live it with my partner. sure, it remains mine- but it merges with his and in turn becomes ours . i get so used to the sharing, that i forget what it's like to be sexual without him. it feels like my body has forgot what it's like alone. right now, all the images in my head of that sharing, of beautiful, loving, good stuff that happened just about two weeks ago, leaves me nothing but sad. i miss it all, so much. i miss being and feeling sexual. i miss being touched and kissed and making love and having sex and everything in between. i miss my body.

 urlLink david bowie: major tom urlLink peter schilling: major tom (coming home)

 i know it'll get better once we get used to being apart again, once we've established a new routine. but why does it have to hurt so much right now? it hurts that this girl i don't know has moved in with him and susi, it hurts that he doesn't find the time to talk properly, that everything, the fucked up new flatmate with a fucking rental video takes priority over me. i want to be easygoing and understanding and accepting that this is a time of change for him, but i just don't want to get under the wheels of this new life he has there. i want some space in that new life. i want to be important to him. and right now i just don't feel like i am.

 i had another dream featuring evan and a saying goodbye theme last night. it's the day i am supposed to leave. evan, me and his entire family are at the airport. strangely enough, i am walking around alone a lot. evan is busy doing something else at the aiport, which makes me sad. there is some reason why he is not with me, even though it is just a short while until i head off, and no matter how hard i convince myself it's okay, it isn't. whatever he is doing doesn't seem important to me. i walk through the airport, and strangely enough still have some AUS dollars, that i am eager to spend, but i can't decide, mainly because i don't feel like getting junk i'll have to throw out in a few months when i want to move permanently. it's suddenly half an hour before the plane takes off. evan stops what he is doing, and we are trailed by his family. we pass a supermarket in the airport, and i realise i need to get a large jar of vegemite (which i forgot to get this time), but the shelf where the vegemite is supposed to be is empty. it's fifteen minutes before my plane takes off, and we are heading up a staircase to where the plane will be. i hate it all, hate the rush, hate having so many people there, hate leaving, hate not having had time alone with evan, and i start sobbing and start waking up. while that happens, i realise that i don't want to wake up. in my dream, evan is at least there.

 when challenger exploded 17 years ago, i remember sitting in a pew at our school's chapel a few days later, our priest gently prompting us to discuss the event, letting us tell stories about what we had seen on the telly, what the images had brought up, sharing sadness for the class that had lost their teacher, the kids who had lost their parents. i remember one classmate of mine, 7 years old like me, saying that what he had seen when the shuttle exploded and the debris - followed by white vapour trails- was falling, was god's hand reaching out, taking the people on board to him. i remember my classmate saying that to him, it felt like god was showing us that people should not takespace flighs for granted. what an old testament view of god for a seven year old. indeed, space flight has been pretty much taken for granted over the past decades, as so many people have noted since yesterday afternoon, with the richest of the rich buying package tours to the international space station. strangely enough, this columbia mission had been the first space mission in years, that i had been remotely interested in, had read information on and observed in a way. urlLink the age , which i read front to back most mornings in melbourne, had had a few larger articles on the flight. namely on urlLink ilan ramon , his life story, his being the first israeli in space and the picture of the moon, drawn by a boy in a concentration camp, that he was taking up there. also of interest to the melbourne paper had been a science experiment involving 8 golden orb spiders (dubbed "spidernauts") on board the aircraft, which students from local glen waverley college had developed, planned for 4 years and found sponsors for. seeing the footage yesterday, first the pictures of the bright blue sky, a white vapour trail disintegrating, later those of debris, still smoking, on fields, near roads, in wooded areas, this morning that of a mission patch in grass, made me sad. as has been hearing the radio contact between mission control and columbia, commander rick husband saying "roger, but", a crackling, static noise and then silence, silence that grew longer and longer. in contrast to what i felt like 17 years ago, i am not sure that "god" (in the christian definition of the word) is there to pick us up when we die, or what happens after life. i just hope it is something good, that we maybe go somehwere good. should there be a sanctuary, a place where we go, maybe those 7 souls that perished yesterday, on the wild ride that re-entry has been described by a former astronaut on cnn, had a bit of an advantage to get there quickly and directly, being as close to the heavens as they were.

 -15C. that's been the temperature on my balcony early this morn. it has now warmed to a balmy -7C. i can't deal with the cold. since late last night, my back has been cramped up, most likely from working out yesterday - the temperature in the workoutroom was nice and comfortable when we started, but towards the end of the class, when we got to the back exercises, i could feel myself cooling out, the sweat making me shiver and uncomfortable. i slept with a hot water bottle on my back and have had one near me almost constantly since getting up, but that hasn't helped much; neither has a long hot shower, practically overheating the room, wearing an angora undershirt (and several more layers) and attempting some gentle stretches. i need a massage. i need my boy here. to top it off, i went for some weekend shopping earlier today, snuggled up in enough clothing to feel reasonably okay outside, which of course made me sweat and too warm as soon as i entered a shop. grr. i doubt that i will stick to my plan of heading out into the snow today, i just don't want to risk getting to warm while hiking only to cool out quickly again, and making my back worse. hell, even walking feels terrible already. sucks. the weather *is* gorgeous, - it's sunny, the sky is bright blue, the air is clean. - it's just about 10C too cold. brrr.

 letter to the editor in this week's urlLink spiegel : "when a dictator with his back to the wall is not using his weapons of mass destruction, it's quite safe to assume that he probably doesn't have them anymore anyway." good point. i wish urlLink zeit and urlLink spiegel came in english, too. there can never be enough high quality journalism.

 as usual, essential guardian commentary. urlLink peter preston: how many bodybags can we take? "i've no idea what the figure in the pre-planning stage was. if it chimed with the breezy confidence of other plans, then it might have been much less than 5,000. but that was then - and this is now. no cheering iraqi crowds, no mass defection yet. expectations unfulfilled. so the death toll - however tiny on any historical comparison - may seem worse than expected. worse, too, the cameras and reporters gathered to chronicle easy victory, inevitably give added weight to the toll of uneasy struggle. (...) unacceptability 2003, prospectively, is yet another and another cargo of coffins heading into brize norton. more pomp, more grief, more footage. there's no need to wonder why the politicians are worried. they set their acceptability thresholds too low and now, in a macabre way, we have to live with them - and hope for a best case outcome. but there is a more durable lesson here for a pentagon pondering future conflicts. what the heart sees, the heart grieves." urlLink madeleine bunting: bombs and biscuits "so america is well on the way to losing the peace as the inherent contradictions of this war of liberation become apparent: you can't instill fear and respect at the same time, you can't bomb and hand out biscuits. and this is where the future becomes truly frightful because there's no way back, and if america and britain are not going to be welcomed and loved on the streets of basra and baghdad, they will make themselves feared instead. here, the logic of war takes grip and choices narrow. this war has to be won, and in the end the us will use any means necessary to do so - dragging its british ally with it into a bloody mess. in 1939, did the british ever imagine they could commit the dresden atrocity? war corrupts all of its participants. already, the pressure is evident on britain's army in the plaintive comment of major charlie lambert of the royal scots dragoon guards: "when people don't play by the rule book, it is easy to make things very difficult for a much larger force which does play by the rules." at one point will american and british niceties about avoiding civilian casualties be relaxed as an unaffordable luxury? at what point will the nerves of frightened soldiers tautened by ambushes and suicide attacks - smiling peasant one moment, terrorist fedayeen the next? - turn ordinary decent men into monsters? the coalition forces will give up on the rules while saddam hussein has never abided by them anyway. like anyone who has been cornered, he will in his desperation resort to anything - and all he has now are the lives of his people. he's used them cheaply many times before and now with 24/7 global media coverage, their blood is his most potent pawn, and he won't hesitate to spend it freely in urban warfare as shields, bombers, even targets. it will be grotesque, and it doesn't require a complicated understanding of moral reasoning to grasp that we will bear some responsibility for the atrocities he may commit in defending his country and regime. it is we who have invaded a sovereign nation, and there has always been a legitimate principle of self-defence.(..)

 'tis monday morning and i'm not working. bad me. instead of sitting over my books or at least cleaning my flat, i'm sitting at the urlLink laundromat/internet cafe right now. as usual, i'm profiting from dieter's kindness and getting free coffee, and today i'm also profiting from the high speed connection: am downloading music recommended to me this weekend, and will later burn it, too. it's fun: i'm in control of the music for this place, now, caus the computer i'm using has loudspeakers attached, so right now everyone is listening to "long time running" by the tragically hip. nice. am still feeling quite strange this morning. - am tired, and achy and just not functioning too well, even though the music and the coffee and chatting with dieter and the high speed connection and a monitor that isn't strangely tinted are all somewhat helping. last night (and that's just proof that something wasn't quite right with me), i started discussing the boy and our issues again with my mother, which i just shouldn't do. shouldn't do that with anyone, actually, should probably not write about it here, either. i realised that, too, when i chatted with urlLink heather yesterday (which was the first time in ages, and lovely). i want and need to talk about it, but words are so faulty and wrong. talking to hether, i also realised how egoistic some of this is, how all he sometimes seems to think is me-me-my-arm-is-broken-i'm-bored-when-i-have-shift-work-i'm-worse-off-than-you-are-me-me-me-you're-the-evil-jealous-one-me-me-me. who supported him during his last year of uni? how come now that i am asking for some support, it's suddenly too much? where's the balance? why is this tuning into a "who needs more support" competition? in any way, talking about this, writing about this all, i get too frustrated and bitter and realise how non-ok some things are, and that i pretend i am all cynical, when all i am is still hurt and scared and angry, too. i also think its not good, because i cement my opinions, without him having a chance to make things better. so i'd rather stop for now. i need to be talking and communicating him, first and foremost. after all we made some progress last week. let's see how it will continue. hopefully better than last weekend, when he didn't call me back after i left a message for him on saturday because "he didn't feel like it". oh please, throw some crumbs of love on the floor for the little sparrow sitting underneath the breakfast table. so maybe, for now, i will just quit talking (with some at least, probably not you, phoneboy, sorry 'bout that) and writing (right here at least) about the boy and our issues, for the most part at least, to really give me and us some time and de-stress this by trying to minimise my constant worrying about and analysing of the situation. words make things seem more definite than things feel like. right now, it all still feels in flux. of course, this censoring myself is a bit constructed, a bit fake. because i do worry, all the time, i do think about it, all the time. i am stressed by this, all the time. i hope it'll help to stop talking for a while. i really want to calm down and accept whatever the outcome will be and do what's best for me and us. just to illustrate how stressed i am: i took a pregnancy test this morning, despite no firm reason. - i had started to wonder whether my health issues (tiredness, throwing up and the like) might be pregnancy related, even though i had two withdrawal bleeds since any partnered sex. - a family friend who's a doc actually asked my mom whether i was pregnant when she heard my hb was unusually low for me. this would have been the most non-perfect but oh-so typical time for an unplanned pregnancy: when the relationship is in deep crisis. alas, this morning, after five minutes, one sole blue line. so at least one thing i can quit worrying about for now. would have been against so many odds, anyway. so. what a monday so far.

 urlLink doug is happy. and urlLink missjenjen is, too. they are both urlLink happy urlLink together , actually. awwwwww. :)

 urlLink how to make bedroom slippers out of maxi pads. including image. he. (via urlLink not martha ) (even though, of course, nothing made out of commercial pads is "disposable and biodegradable. environmentally safe." nothing. urlLink go cotton, girls. )

 i'm feeling sick today. hopefully no urlLink sars though: no coughing, no upper respiratory symptons at all, just overall achiness, severe headaches, slight temperature, tiredness. still ain't great. my friend amelia from sydney, currently residing in another south-west german student town very much like mine, was going to be coming for a visit monday through wednesday, but we cancelled. fits both of us better, apparently: she's busy snogging fellow international students, while i'm busy feeling achy and bad. however, we assured each other this was "aufgeschoben, nicht aufgehoben". so i'm home alone this sunday, feeling sick. anyone offering to come by and entertain me in biohazard-orange full protective speedos? please?

 urlLink american military operation name generating device operation regretless harpoon operation enraged jack russell terrier operation maddened scapegoat operation sore economy (via urlLink boingboing )

 out of time ~blur~ where's the love song set us free too many people down everything turning the wrong way round and i don't know what love will be but if we start dreaming now lord knows we'll never clear the clouds and you've been so busy lately that you haven't found the time to open up your mind and watch the world spinning gently out of time feel the sunshine on your face it's in a computer now gone are the future way out in space and you've been so busy lately that you haven't found the time to open up your mind and watch the world spinning gently out of time tell me i'm not dreaming but are we out of time? we're out of time out of time out of time out of time out of time just saw the urlLink video for the first time, which is brilliant. it is a band-less video, following a female us marine & fighterpilot who is stationed on a warship through her preparations, ending with her standing on the runway on the ship, looking at the sunset while subtitles suggest that she is thinking about the end of her relationship with her partner, another marine. urlLink "Like the song the video is a tender piece of work about distance and loss. It aims to distil the song's beauty into a new and unexpected place." brilliant. the first blur song in years that i like upon first hearing, which the boy will doubtlessly be happy to hear. - even though, i too, expect that he won't fail to notice possible references to us...

 urlLink the guardian: guenther grass - shaper of a nation's conscience : "chancellor gerhard schroeder's refusal to join george bush's crusade to topple saddam hussein has made grass openly proud of his compatriots and the ruling elite for once. "every family in this country has the experience of two world wars, two lost wars, massive destruction, millions of dead, cities in ruins. people's mentality has changed. every generation has to face this and its consequences," he says. he rejects the explanation, often used outside germany, that he and other germans have become pacifists. the more accurate picture, he argues, is that germans do not rule war out as a last resort but they have learned to think especially carefully before rushing into it. grass finds it ironic that germany was persistently urged by its western allies during the cold war to grow out of its status as a political dwarf. yet when it stands up, as schroeder has been doing over iraq, it is denounced." yup, herr grass. agreed.

 someone will watch over me in my sleep tonight. unfortunately no real flesh and bone bloke like my boy - i'll be sleeping with a urlLink somnocheck sleep monitor strapped to my upper body. - there's a home sleep screening test at my place tonight. i just picked the monitor up at the pneumologists office and got instructions on how to wear it. the monitor will be strapped around my body, connected to a nasal tube (which i will have to tape to my face. great.) and a pulse & blood oxygen monitor on my finger. the little thing will be measuring my breathing, oxygen saturation, pulse and body position and can therefore enable my doc to diagnose apnea, hypopnea, oygen saturation issues and heart irregularities. why, you may wonder, all this trouble? you know (big confession), i urlLink http://my.webmd.com/content/article/8/1680_54137">snore . me being a 24 year old, very fit, normal-weight range female. yup. obviously, i don't know how severely i snore: i've never heard myself snore (apart from once when i fell asleep during mediation and woke up because of the sound coming from my throat), but all fromer and current bed partners have assured me that i do (usually with appropriate comments on how cute it is), but it ain't right, so i'm doing something about it. - not just because snoring can be unhealthy in the long run (leading to heart problems), but also because i hate the idea of my bed partner(s) suffering. my ent thinks the reason behind my snoring is my upper palate. it's apparently floppy. 20 years ago, i had my tonsils removed, and they apparently didn't operate that well. so i ended up with a floppy palate. the hypothesis is that it flops in the airflow when i breathe while sleeping, which causes the snoring. so i'm getting my floppy palate toned. with radiowaves, baby! my ent plans on using urlLink the celon method on me, which would involve injecting my upper palate in 4 to 6 different places with a needle like instrument that sends low level radiowaves, causing coagulation in these places. within 6 weeks, the coagulated areas scar internally, firming and lifting the palate up. think facelift for the back of my mouth. the procedure should take 15 minutes, at the dosc office, using local aneasthesia, and the results should last a few years, too. however, my ent, good doc that he is, won't do the op on me without being sure i actually "snore habitually" and am not suffering from urlLink sleep apnea . the latter would suck, muchly. evan has been worried about it, actually. while he never witnessed any apnea episodes, he thought that my constant falling asleep in australia was reason enough to worry (i think he failed to realise though, how disrupted my sleep was, sleeping in living rooms for weeks, for 5 hours a night, tops). i'll know soon enough for sure: i'll be wearing the monitor tonight, will hand it back in on monday, get the results on tuesday. if i indeed snore habitually (and of course i worry that i won't snore tonight and whether i will be able to sleep between midnight and 8 when the monitor will be running), i'll get my palate radiowaved at the end of next month. exciting. funny moment with the doc showing me how to wear the monitor: he was strapping the thing round my body, loudly wondering whether they had any smaller straps because i'm so "small", telling me i was the oddest patient for this he has ever had - neither male, nor fat, nor over 50. and he called me dainty. dainty. that's a first. and probably almost accurate when you compare me to the huge snoring blokes over 50 he usually treats. he.

 it hasn't been a week for writing here. i did write several things during the week, but i was always too tired to post, and furthermore, the stuff never felt right upon re-reading. i still wrote elsewhere. thoughts about the boy in daily emails to someone who was thankfully willing to listen, thoughts about the war urlLink in a thread at urlLink scarleteen , which quite pointless. i get so agitated by kids repeating slogans from the telly and discussing current issues without any historical and political background, that i should simply save the time and energy and just not feel tempted to participate (apart from moderating, obviously). i am by no means the most knowledgable person ever in regards to the war in iraq and us foreign politics, and neither do i have the solution or the greatest insight: but i do follow the news (from a multitue of sources, too), have decent quality knowledge on the un and its (legal) works, and the politics of the last century. having someone tell me that s11 was the same for the us as wwi and wwii for europe, however, just shows me it isn't worth to post my (political & historical) opinions at scarleteen, because it will hit deaf ears anyway. which is okay - scarleteen isn't a political forum, after all, and furthermore, it is intended to be a forum for teens. - i should lower my expectations (now that age-ism, sorry.). strange it's already friday today. - so much and so little happened all week. tuesday, i had my yoga class in the evening, which was good. ralph was away, so his girlfriend (whose name i forgot), who's also a yoga teacher and ayuveda practicioner, held it. - it was lovely. we were only girls again, and the vibe was just very nice and enjoyable. ralphs girlfriend is a very gentle, instructive teacher. like ralph, she sang mantras as we did sun salutations, which transformed them into a flowing, prayer like experience. so good. did lots of standing/balancing asanas, and i failed, miserably, just like i did last saturday. i do believe that balancing/standing asanas are a mirror of what you're like inside. - i was so shaky inside, so insecure and unsure (because of the boy), there was no way i could do a proper tree or half moon pose. also did partnered dancer pose, which felt so gracious. - should take a camera sometime. - i'd like to see an image of me doing a headstand, too. - have worked so hard on it, i can now get away from the wall for some moments, and am just now realising how i am supposed to be aligned. but well, to the boy. his middle of the night call monday felt fake, done for the drama of waking me up at night, done because he thought i'd like it, done to make up for not picking the parcel up for 5 days. - as mentioned before, it left me crying for a good bit of the night. not good. tuesday was better, he called after his first day in casualties, and seemed happy and relaxed - i tried hard to measure up to it, was casual and easy going and not demanding at all. - didn't feel too authentic, but at least it wasn't troublesome. while we talked though, it became clear that evan hadn't fully looked through and appreciated all the things in the parcel. - which added to the hurt from the night before. i joked about it. wednesday was rough - had a session with dr.k, the first since urlLink the meltdown . subsequently, it just wasn't any fun. he thinks it's over, but that i should go to melbourne anyway. rough stuff to hear. i was quite miserable, always on the verge of crying, repeatedly proclaiming that i didn't want to cry, at which i succeeded, sucker for control that i am. must have been a sad thing to look at, me on the couch, telling him about what is the biggest crisis i've had in years, a crisis that is literally turning my life (& plans) upside down, smiling (as usual, compulsively), chit-chatting like it was nothing, sugar coating my hurt, pain that evan caused by not caring. didn't hold up for long though, wednesday evening and night were spend crying. yesterday, however, might have been the turn-around, who knows. i am still unable to write about what exactly happened and whether it has changed anything, but finally, for the first time in weeks, evan and i actually talked, for real. real talking, real listening. some stuff that was said hurt (and still hurts), other stuff was indeed resolved. am i ready to proclaim all is well again? no. did we agree on everything? no. however, we reconnected, and that *is* progress. it felt like the old days again, and we finally are on track with what the other one thinks. - even though it is hard for me to realise he is less sure than in the past. i recently read an email he send a year ago, in which he wrote about talking to his best friend about proposing to me, and it hurts that he's stepped back so far, feels that slower progress, less committment is better. i observe this change and can't help but wonder how that happened, what went wrong. however, all i can do is accept the way it is. - accept, that we disagree on what it takes to move continent. i believe that it will always be scary, always be risky, that there will always be insecurity, and that waiting too long is a possible death sentence for our love. evan, however, thinks there will come a point when it's not scary anymore, he wants maximum security, minimised risks, and thinks that moving too early is a possible death sentence. so yeah, we disagree on this basic, terribly important issue. and that's troublesome, and hurts. it feels like he has fallen out of love with me, to a certain extend. he's stepping back and observing, at a time when moving closer and feeling more are actually more direly needed. i hope that he regains the trust in us that he used to have. i wish he'd stop analyzing, and started feeling again. i wish he'd finally book the silly flight for july.

 nothing quite like showing up at the blood bank and not being able to donate. by hb is too low. my hb! i never had any trouble with it, had steady (if not overly high but still pretty good for a young woman) upper 13 g/dl values... but this morning: 11,7g/dl. it's not that low. but too low for donating (you need at least 12,5 g/dl), and low enough to worry. anything under 12 g/dl can be a sign of anemia. i have no doubt this is a side effect of my recent restrictive eating and all this over-exercising. warning sign? yup. big one, too. time to look after myself, before this turns into urlLink iron-deficiency anemia . the doc was super firendly, told me not to stress and gave me iron supplements. but i still left feeling like a loser.



 spooning urlLink marshmallow fluff directly from the jar has significantly improved my day. yup, that's how bad it has been today. and now the jar is empty. no more potential for the improvement of my day. duh.

 i got a funny little advertisement email today from urlLink emi/virgin australia today, informing me of urlLink "the director's cut of the video that you will never see.... on the 14th of april robbie williams will be releasing his new single 'come undone'. robbie has outdone himself this time with his brand new video clip - so much so that it's so explicit it won't be shown on any tv shows! needless to say robbie feels this is his best clip to date!" to heat up things, the little spammy email from emi contained a couple of pics, with funny little headlines: robbie comes undone! such a saint, such a whore! explicit sex scenes! excessive violence! binge drinking! drug use! inappropriate use of amphibians! inappropriate use of amphibians. *chuckle* if there is inappropriate use of amphibians in music videos, there must be appropriate use of them in that medium then, too. what would that look like, i wonder? round here, the video is on high rotation on mtv, viva and viva plus - if censored. it *is* a very good video (would be hard to mess it up when it's featuring robbie anyway). i like the visuals, the colours, the whole set up and atmosphere, which fit the song very well. 'tis about hedonism, after all, and hypocrisy and reality, so all that make-up, bad clothing, sex, snorting of drugs and cockroaches crawling from mouths and flashing skulls make sense. - i did see the un-edited version when it premiered on mtv, after all. it's so funny how it was attempted in the media to create outrage over this, a music video in times when there are so many more important things to get enraged about. robbie has gone to far! (uhm, why?) he's glorifying drug use! (considering he shows how ugly drug use and the morning after is, not exactly.) he's pissing and wearing pink socks! (so? don't we all?) how unnecessary to walk around ine his y-fronts! (i think that was something we all most definitely needed to see. nice package, robbie dear.) uh! insects! from mouths and between legs! it's disgusting! (i like the insect & snake idea, and the bodies of the little things are as shiny as the rest of the video. oh, we're all snakes.) the title of the song refers to urlLink this movie ! robbie is in bed with a woman and a man in the video! robbie must be gay! (who knows. maybe. does it matter? not really. are the scenes good? i think they are, so what?) oh robbie dear, you little smart'n'sexy provocative controversy whore.

 the boy called at 1am, waking me up in the process, obviously, to tell me that he picked up the parcel and liked it. which is great. but it's still there, the feeling of being disconnected, like hanging in mid-air. tried to tell him what i feel like at the moment, how hard it is to be apart, how hard it is to not have any idea what's up, and it just didn't work out. he didn't react, really, or get what i meant. or whatever. crying in the middle of the night. how great and useful.

 urlLink grim linked to something urlLink tom from plasticbag.org wrote friday: "...Anyone who is 100% sure of the morality of their position with regard to the war in Iraq probably hasn't understood the issues involved. Be prepared to have your mind changed. Remain open to new ideas. Protest / Advocate only what you really believe to be true..." and it's true. today, like yesterday, i found myself wondering a lot about the point of the protests and my views and what is right and what is wrong. i edited yestersday's post and deleted some of the bile. it's easy to get enraged and start seeing black in white when all there is are shades of grey. what if i am wrong, after all? like tom said, it's best to stand up for what you really believe to be true. after some more discussions with my dad, it's a bit clearer what i can stand up for: it's my belief in peace, my believe in the un and diplomacy and in the compassion and kindness of people. i can not stand behind blank anti-americanism, even if i strongly disagree with us politics and its pre-emptive war. i can not stand behind people carrying signs saying "stop the genocide" (which fails to recognise that there has been a genocide against the kurds in iraq) or "weapons instructors into the us" , "bush to den haag" or "my president is a psychopath" . it ain't that simple. in contrast to that, "you can't extinguish fire with fire" and "bombs don't built democracy" are slogans i would carry, too. overall, today isn't much better than yesterday. went to the gym this morning, which was nice - did back and lower body, until my legs felt wobbly. sunday mornings at the gym are empty - i was there from 8:30am on, first almost alone, then at least the only girl in the weight room/free weights. overall, it was calming and relaxing. am happy that my performance is still okay, even though i worked out less while at home. the boy gave me a call, too. he successfully avoided being the one to receive a patient with suspected urlLink sars 30 minutes before his shift was over, by flirting with nurses. good on him for the flirting, for a change. i've been joking all last week that he should be careful about sars, and now this. reality is so much not funny. however, our phone call again didn't provide the coziness and connectedness i currently crave. maybe i'm asking for/expecting too much from him in his current situation, who knows. he'll be picking up the parcel tomorrow - he's got the whole day off. he should let me know how he likes it after getting it, shouldn't he? i'll wait and see. and if he won't get in touch, it'll be just another kick into my gut (i was tempted to write "stab into my poor little heart", that would have been too pityful and whiny), nothing new. i could cry.

 i just saw al-jazeera coverage that featured close-ups of dead american soldiers. they seem to have shots to the head, their faces are covered with dust or burned and smeared with blood, but are still recognisable, their combat gear is torn, their underwear exposed, their bodies are being handled roughly by those presenting them to the cameras. i feel for the mothers and fathers and partners of these dead soldiers, just like i feel for those who have to endure the bombings (like mentioned before, compassion is all encompassing). i can not imagine what it must be like to see your loved ones this way, dead in the evening news, being shown off. these images made me think of urlLink hannes wader's song "es ist an der zeit" , a song that always moved me. "es blieb nur das kreuz als einzige spur von deinem leben, doch hoer meinen schwur fuer den frieden zu kaempfen und wachsam zu sein faellt die menschheit noch einmal auf luegen herein dann kann es geschehn, dass bald niemand mehr iebt, niemand, der die milliarden von toten begraebt. doch laengst finden sich mehr und mehr menschen bereit, diesen krieg zu verhindern, es ist an der zeit" it's actually the german version -with different, more hopeful, optimistic, activist wording, of the song urlLink "no man's land" by eric bogle . "and I can't help but wonder now, willie mcbride, do all those who lie here know why they died? did you really believe them when they told you "the cause?" did you really believe that this war would end wars? well the suffering, the sorrow, the glory, the shame, the killing, the dying, it was all done in vain, for willie mcbride, it's all happened again, and again, and again, and again, and again." ------------------------------------

 conversation at my mother's bookshop yesterday. my dad notices that the customer he is serving is wearing a posh-looking "no war in iraq" button on his label. dad: "oh, i just noticed your button. neat.- where did you get it from?" customer: "i got it from my union. - i work at thyssen, our union organised protest against the war during our lunch break on thursday." dad: "you work at thyssen? you own thyssen stocks then, too, don't you?" customer: "yes." dad: "now did I get it right: there were peace protests at thyssen? you're aware that thyssen's steel is used for tanks and bombs, that thyssen has supported iraq for decades (just a few tidbits of their activies: companies of the thyssen group urlLink headed a consortium which in 1980 built a plant south of Baghdad at which poison gas and biological weapons were developed , urlLink supplied turbopumps for the engines of SCUD missiles and apparently assisted in bunker building, too. and that's just iraq. they have super good relations involving tanks and technology in iran, lybia, all the good places.), are you? you're aware that your stocks make you profit from this was then, yup? don't you think protest against this war is rather hypocritical in your position then?" customer: -silent- i tell you, he's turning into an obnoxious, argumentative old man. and i love him. post script: apparently though, my dear dad later on eased this little discussion, by getting all catholic, talking about his experiences in wwii and talking about peace with the customer, so maybe this customer wasn't lost, after all.

 "so why do i find it so difficult to concentrate on anything else" urlLink stuart wondered today , and i, too, wonder, because it's similar for me. i feel lobotomised by current events and the tv. i should probably just turn it off, but i can't. the events that were held in response to the war in my city today seemed and felt not right. the prayer i went to was alright, they had an interesting reading and sermon by a pax christi (which is a roman catholic peace initiative) priest. he read from the revelation (which is actually the part of the bible i know and like best) and talked about the imagery, and followed with thoughts on the religious imagery that george w. uses - interesting stuff, well thought through. i realised during the prayer, how deeply embedded christian culture, specifically catholicism is in me, but also noticed how detached i feel from it. - i can say the words and prayers and sing the songs, but they are without meaning, they don't move me, no matter how hard i try to bring a meaning back to them by consciously removing the ritualistic aspects. i feel more at home chanting mantras these days. how strange. the demonstration was strangely emotionless, too. it felt ritualistic and pointless. i kept thinking how ridiculous it is that we middle-class people in a small town in germany take 2 hours off (fitting in nicely between shopping for organic food on the farmer's market, and settling in front of the telly for saturday soccer) on a beautiful spring day to walk through the street carrying signs and think it makes a difference to those who run this war. they don't care what's happening in their own country where they keep cutting constitutional rights left right and centre, why would they care about us, in a country that has fallen from grace already because our goverment opposed this war (which wasn't out of care for iraqis, or belief in the un, but because they wanted re-election. one would think george w. would understand this motive and be easier on gehard). i just didn't have a specifically good day today. the boy and i, we talked this morning, and exchanged views on the war (others would call it argueing), but had to stop in the middle of it, because he went out for dinner. added to my feeling of being left behind, disconnected and very low on his priority list again. - it's such an acute feeling, i wonder what it means, i wonder whether we can rebuilt what we used to have, i wonder what it would take for that to happen. i'm sad, because there is so little coming from him, that i find myself withdrawing, too, which isn't helping the situation, obviously. withdrawing seems like the better option though: being extra pushy would only make matters worse. it just doesn't seem like the right time to bring up what's bothering me, what i feel is not going right, - so i'm being the little martyr for now, swallowing it down and hoping it will pass, once his life gets more settled. don't know how to deal with my jealousy though, which keeps creeping up, too. no wonder though, is it, when everyone else takes priority over me? i don't know. what also keeps sneaking into my mind, and hurts, is that he still hasn't picked up my parcel from the post office. it arrived on wednesday, and he claims neither he, nor anyone he knows (you know, none of his flatmates, none of those he keps swopping work for) had had the chance to pick it up. - it makes me wonder why i rushed to get it all packed up so quickly, basically ran through town to get all the things i know he'd like together and also spend so much money to get it there quickly if he doesn't care. i wonder what he cares about in the first place: it doesn't seem to be anything concerning me, not the sms, the emails, the calls. it's sad, but right now it feels like people other than my partner, some of whom have never met me irl, seem to care more about hearing from me and interacting with me, than he does. comparing people like this is evil spirited, of course, and i know it - like i wrote above, these are changing times for him, and i really should stop this and support him and be quiet and the little martyr. - it's just not working very well, and it feels so fake, so calculating, so wrong. that should tell me something, i guess, shouldn't it? this afternoon, i went to the once a month saturday yoga class with bettina. - it was just katrin, bettina and me, so we got lots of attention, and lots of difficulty: a different kind of sun salutation that included the warrior pose i (virabhadrasana), urlLink warrior pose iii and urlLink half moon pose and subsequently made me topple over. uh, yeah. also attempted urlLink pincha mayurasana which was scary and difficult. headstand seems easy compared to this: i can trust my arms and shoulders to hold me and carry my weight in that - but my hands and elbows? bettina helped me hold the pose for a few seconds, but the feeling remained strange and scary. something else to work on, i guess. overall though, the class was good and energising. katrin and i made plans to go to the sauna together on wednesday (girls night at the gym sauna, - which is preferable over there, i don't like sitting next to body builder blokes showing off their dicks and ogling my abs, checking whether i am working them out alright. cultural lesson: we germans are naked in saunas). am not sure whether she's someone i have stuff to talk about, but it's good to have some plans, and it's good to make an effort, i think. like mentioned before: i need people around. lastly, on the way home, i passed by a poster proclaiming the start of a 10 week ashtanga and massage course starting friday in two weeks. i do have time on fridays, the location is within practically walking distance, too.... am unsure though, whether adding another discipline and yet another teacher is such a good idea. so far, sivananda teamed up with the bit of yvengar and ashtanga that ralph does serves me well. but then... i don't know. bettina might soon not run the class at my gym anymore: we're so few people, i wonder whether they won't cancel her class, soon. overall, though, that ashtanga couse sounds too good to pass by, the guy who will run it sounds knowledgable from the bio provided on the poster, and massage... hmmm. i'll go and write down the number from the poster tomorrow, i guess, and give the guy a buzz. if i can afford it, i'll do it. more time out of the house, more yoga, more new people. all good reasons, i think. that much for now. not that i have anything to do this saturday night, but flipping channels on the telly (they all seem to be anxiously waiting for the next bombings, little to show, apparently), and probably going to bed, soon. as unexciting as it gets.

 "I've had the TV on all afternoon, watching it while I work. Right now, I'm watching tiny pixelated people moving around on the deck of an aircraft carrier. This scene imparts absolutely no information, knowledge, or perspective to the viewer. I understand that the assault of Iraq is important to cover, but what about the protests around the world, the terrorist suspects on the loose with possible dirty bombs, and the plans for humanitarian aid? Those things are just as important to the story, and the news channels have devoted about 2 minutes to covering them over the course of the entire afternoon, opting instead to fawn over U.S. military might, their tech toys, and, wheeee, look at us, we're embedded." urlLink kottke: Note to anchors and reporters: stop smiling indeed, indeed. i'd add: also stop being so thrilled about your cool computer animations and touch screens you can draw on.

 "the end of the cold war brought an end to the bipolar system and now the united states can act alone without the agreement of another superpower. it is in complete contradiction with the philosophy of the united nations, which is based on multilateralism, and taking decisions by consensus. the current us philosophy is: "we don't need consensus; i decide." from earlier in the week: urlLink the guardian: an interview with boutros boutros ghali ; very interesting thoughts on the un, iraq, aids and israel. (again via urlLink grim )

 it's 5am, and i can't sleep anymore. - have been up for almost an hour. i fell asleep last night while the tv was on, turned it off at some point but kept waking up from dreams that were full of fear. no, not war dreams, just dreams full of strange threatening situations, me and evan in homes that weren't ours, being pursued by people who scared me. i can't pity myself for being up though. how could i dare to do that when 2 time zones away, people endured, heard, smelled, felt what i only saw on the telly? i've given up sleep for now, the tv is on again, and they are showing the sky over baghdad, where it's already day, and for now, there are no explosions visible - but then, the journalists seem to think the next bombings will come soon and possibly last all day. urlLink heather wrote eloquently about what she's feeling today , and indeed, like her, i wonder (but can not express that well, that's what i struggled with last night, i guess) how seeing those bombs fall on baghdad last night can be any less traumatic than seeing planes fly into the world trade center, or israeli attacks on palestinian refugee camps or the bombing campaigns in vietnam, or -for me- seeing pictures of a burned down dresden. heather wrote, after expressing she believes that all humans are capable of compassion and kidness: "what I don't understand is how anyone -- and i'm talking regular folks, world leaders and politicians should be more accountable and caring, but flatly, they often are not, and usually act primarily in their own self-interest and to win nationwide popularity contests -- can set that compassion aside, or simply not feel it." and that's exactly what i was trying to say. yesterday, strolling through my city around noon, on a glorious, blue-skied first day of spring out on the market, i felt how privileged i am. this will sound pathetic, but i walked along the market and shopped for plants for my balcony, and some fruit, chatted to the vendors and while doing that felt so privileged i am to be able to do as i please on a friday, priviledged that there were stalls full of good stuff for me to look at and pick, to live in a democracy, choose a religious belief and whether to live it, to have an abundance of media to look at and evaluate, to have education, relative equality, access to health care and above all safety. knowing that two time zones away, there are people who have not known this safety, is beyond my grasp. last night, when i saw the pictures of the "shock and awe" attack (i actually checked the dictionary again, to be sure "awe" means what i thought it did, i wondered whether i had overreacted at first because i misunderstood, but alas, i didn't), i called my mom. i had just come back from a dinner with a mate from australia who is studying here for two sememsters, and had had two hours of pleasurable chatting about afl and the finer points of german literature. - what a change to suddenly see these pictures, i needed some immediate contact with someone, i was literally sick to my stomach. i talked to my dad, too, who saw the images on the tv, too, but kept asking whether i thought a dictator like saddam "could be prayed away" . he saw some demonstrations and a vigil in hometown yesterday, and was very cynic about the people who were there (most of the "old 68er", people who were involved in the student protests of the late 60's, who my father detests with a passion), and i had a hard time -being as upset as i was- talking to him about it, and why i believed it was still good to be out there doing whatever one deemed helpful, be it praying of whatever kind, having a happening (apparently, a sign saying "baghdad, 3600km" was put up in a central place of hometown, surrounded by crosses) or a demonstration. i was trying to convince myself as much as him, when i was arguing my case for protest. i am still not sure whether i believe it will make a difference that i (and hopefully thousands of other people) will head out in the late morning: first to a multi-religious peace prayer (chanting shanti om to myself, i guess), then to our demonstration. my cynicism and detachement from protest and activism (which dieter noticed on on thursday), while i feel so strongly when seeing these images, yet lack the words, still puzzles me. i guess it's because this is more complex than many seem to realise, and i can not stand behind one sided-ness that fails to recognises that. i feel strongly about saddam being evil (a suppresor to both the majorit in his country, and the kurds), that iraq will hopefully be better without him, yet do not believe this war, these tackily-named attacks are the right way to deal with him or the right way to bring democracy to his people, that a part of me can not stand behind some of the simplified chants people will chant, the overly simplistic imagery that will be depicted in speeches, and the oh-so-hip-anti-americanism that might shine through, too. i cringed, on thursday, about references made by a speaker about the international criminal court and about our german constitution, that were simply wrong, about a peace song spontaenously sung by someone, that was simply horrible. it's just that the short-sightedness, the lack of real information, the prevalence of slogans and propaganda of some of these activists is unbelievable - you know, those who cuddle with israeli politics, while failing to give one second of a thought to palestine and whether israeli settling policy (which is robbing people of the land they have worked and lived on for hundreds of years) might have a tiny thing to do with people walking on buses with explosives round their bellies. interestingly enough, it's often devout christians, who so conveniently fail to feel compassion for palestinian christians. thankfully, apart from those references to international and constitutional law on thursday, expressions of the short/one-sided/wrong kind have been limited in regards to iraq at the demonstrations here yet, but who knows what has been written in kitchens around freiburg to be said today. no matter what, it will be interesting, and at the least, i will hopefully walk home with a feeling of comunity afterwards and a bit less cynic, knowing i am part of the dissenting majority. related: urlLink waferbaby: urlLink brainstorm: does protesting work?

 and good grace, i just realised right now they call this attack "shock and awe". excuse me while i throw up now. it's literally turning my stomach someone sat down and picked this name. fuck you, person, task force, whoever in the defense department decided this. fuck you, indeed.

 i already can not stand looking at the telly anymore. it leaves me too upset. i hated those guessed "news" we had until tonight, the speculations, the "experts", the pictures of the sky over baghdad. above all, i hate those flashy animations all channels seem to like so much because they don't have any real footage. - little computer made movies, interactive maps, featuring low flying helicopters, that drop little soldiers carrying rifles in oil refineries, or low flying missiles that hit underground bunkers. all tv channels also seem to love touch screen maps, everywhere i switch to, anchor(wo)men and experts, are widly circling and arrowing touch screens and satellite maps. "they could go there, or there/they are definitely going to go this way or that way/what we see there are the burning oil fields/these are troop movements/they will go there, and there and then in three days they will be in baghdad" these images of war that we got to see until tonight, they were strange. - sky over houses in baghdad, light flashes, tanks in the desert, surrounded by dusk, journalists who all seem to be standing at the same street in baghdad, tanned and dressed up with kyftas, iraqi soldiers seemingly surrendering to us forces, walking in a line, hands above their heads. to me, it all seems very removed, and that echoes what it was like 12 years ago. - just that 12 years ago, the image quality was even lower, and there were no "embedded" journalists, no videophones, no satelltite phones. and now, since half an hour, they are there, the images of a real war: baghdad, burning. clouds of smoke, lightened red by more expolisions, in the city centre. seeing those images has been even worse. i can't help but wonder whether (and hope that) these damn missiles are as accurate as the us military claims they are. i hope they indeed just hit public buildings and palaces and whatever else, but i doubt it. they scare me, these images, the thoght of what it muse be like to sit in a house in baghdad now. i wonder and worry about civilians, what are thy doing now? where are they hiding? what must it feel like when the earth shakes and the bombers fly overhead and drop more of these bombs. i also worry about what kind of reaction these images might provoke in some parts of the world. - will they make someone hate the us even more and go out on a street with a bomb tied to his stomach? i wonder whether only a country like the us, that has never experienced a bombing war against it's civilians on it's own soil can start attacks like those they are currently carrying out on baghdad. i am well aware this idea is flawed, as the uk, obviously, had its share of bombings at home during wwii, and is involved in this, too. but still - doing this must come easier when you don't know what it is like from the other side. round here in germany, the images of bombed down and burned out cities are still very present, memories of what it is like when the sirens wail and the bombers come are still in our collective memory. it's been 60 years since many of our cities were bombed. - people still remember, buildings still have marks. in the back of our cathedral, a picture shows how much of my city was destroyed, and that the only thing intact was the cathedral. - and that was purely accidental, geography (a hill in the city centre) made it impossible for british planes to fly low enough to bomb it, too. where my house stands today, everything was bombed out, burned down. no worries, i am not going to dispute wwii - i see may 8th 1945 (as all germans i know) as the day we were liberated, indeed. the way there, however, with bombings specically aimed at bombing civilians into surrendering, is something i have trouble dealing with and that i do not believe to have been the only way there. did you know that cities with middle-age city centres were specifically picked because they'd burn well? how much culturally important buildings were specifically targeted? have you seen pictuers of dresden? last weekend, my dad and i talked about war, discussing a book on the allied bombings on germany in wwii, his memories of it, and my grandparents memories of the war. - my dad was born in 1941, and has some memories, the sort of faint, hazy childhood memories one has, singular images, feelings. one of these singled out images is a tank in the backyard of the house where my grandma, my uncle and he lived (my grandfather was on the eastern front, where he was wounded, twice, but returned from in one piece, after being a pow, in late 1947). it must have been in early spring 1945, he thinks: it was a british tank, and he remembers a bag with dead chicken the british soldiers had taken (bits of them sticking out of the bag), hanging from it. for some weeks, the front being just kilometres away (the village where my dad has lived all his life, and where i grew up, too, is very close to the rhine, in an industrial area, and was hence strategically important, and under constant bombings, too, because of steel mills and coal mines and weapon companies - some of the cities around where among the most seriously destroyed in germany, with more than 90% of the city centres destroyed), my grandmother could only sneak out once a day to get water from the well on the other side of the street for herself and her two boys. - my dad's brother gnther died during the war, at 8 months, because he suffered from a gastro-intestinal disorder, and neither special food nor the medical care needed were available. my dad also remembers sitting in the cellar with his brother and grandma and the local priest when the bombings happened, he remembers the alarms and the noises. - the priest would stay all night and day, and sneak to the next neighbour at dusk, to stay there for a whole day, too. walking along the street during the day was too dangerous. in the us, there is no such memory of war and destruction at home. no one who had to experience living in a cellar for fear of bombings in a war against a regime they never supported. no one there had to fear being shot on the way to the well, like my grandma. lucky them, indeed, that they never had a regime on their own soil. never a war. never sirens wailing at night. i wonder also, how someone can see these images of tonight, and believe this is bringing peace.how can setting the sky alight do this? how can someone see these images, and not be shaken by sadness and concern for civilians. it's beyond my imagination what it must be like - but i wonder: where is the compassion for them, concern about what this is doing to everyone experiencing it? bombings do not teach people democracy, but instead you can bomb a society into collective post traumatic stress, and deeply install a culture of hate and violence and revenge in those who experience this. i'm upset and sad.

 urlLink "This war is not the result of a failure of diplomacy. This war is not a pre-emptive war. This war is not about weapons of mass destruction. This war is not about terrorism. This war is not about the liberation of the Iraqi people."

 "It started when the government, in the midst of a worldwide economic crisis, received reports of an imminent terrorist attack. A foreign ideologue had launched feeble attacks on a few famous buildings, but the media largely ignored his relatively small efforts. The intelligence services knew, however, that the odds were he would eventually succeed. (...) But the warnings of investigators were ignored at the highest levels, in part because the government was distracted; the man who claimed to be the nation's leader had not been elected by a majority vote and the majority of citizens claimed he had no right to the powers he coveted. He was a simpleton, some said, a cartoon character of a man who saw things in black-and-white terms and didn't have the intellect to understand the subtleties of running a nation in a complex and internationalist world. (...) Nonetheless, he knew the terrorist was going to strike (although he didn't know where or when), and he had already considered his response. When an aide brought him word that the nation's most prestigious building was ablaze, he verified it was the terrorist who had struck and then rushed to the scene and called a press conference." nope, this ain't about george w. urlLink when democracy failed: the warnings of history . essential reading. (via urlLink grim )

 the demo was good. - far more people than i ever expected. picked up dieter from the laundromat, and chatted and walked with him: we'll go as a big group on saturday. i realised, talking to him about what the speakers were saying, about what has happened, what we expect will happen, how very cynical i am about the power of the people, about social awakening and activism. i wish i believed it made a difference, i wish i believed that the people will flood the streets this weekend in protest and that it will make a difference, but deep down inside, a part of me doesn't believe that, as much as i try.

 urlLink cnn: war tracker - perfecting the illusion that this is all just a strategic multi-player computer game. the thought that people actually must have sat down at cnn and thought about how to present the war "data" (propaganda, rather), what diagrams would work best, and what colour scheme would give the prettiest design for the page makes me vomit.

 this being "day x", it's time to take the streets. - today and next saturday. i'll be out there with my local urlLink attac chapter this afternoon. - there will be protests and demos and vigils around the world today, all at 5pm in central locations of major cities. urlLink walk out & protest and join urlLink these events near you .

 background music at the supermarket this morning, david bowie singing "This is not America no this is not shalalala. This is not America no this is not. This is not America no this is not shalalala"

 urlLink poets against the war : urlLink viggo mortensen - back to babylon (via urlLink viggo-mortensen.org )

 urlLink afl : helping you urlLink access your inner bogan oh, the mystery of footie. my inner bogan can again only obsessively focus on the art of footie tipping this season, considering i still can not watch any games this side of the globe. next year, it will hopefully be different, and i'll have a full membership & seats at the g. and a prime view on hirdy's bum and scotty's legs every weekend. yeah.

 counterpoint to what's happening (or not happening) on cnn: urlLink personal melbourne . now i'm boy/melbourne/homesick.

 "But, hey, who knows -- maybe you'll find Osama a few days before the election! See, start thinking like THAT! Keep hope alive! Kill Iraqis -- they got our oil!!" urlLink michael moore: a letter to george w.bush on the eve of war

 urlLink kevin sites: a solo journalist blogging from iraq .

 "This time it is not oceans that separate me from my countries leaders, but a thick haze of half truths and PR spin. I dont understand what is happening. I don't trust those in power. The world landscape is so blurry and surreal that I cannot "feel" it. I will continue to pray. Not for some specific outcome, but for peace and clarity. When I asked that little zen master what I should be thinking about as I sat on the floor in silence, he replied, "Just sit. I sat for 10 years before I knew why I was sitting." "but, I.." "Just sit." Perhaps, today, I will sit. " urlLink thanks for this entry, urlLink halcyon . we should all sit, i think.

 my brother, who is a government bonds broker at a large brokerage firm in london, had a ticket (i.e. one single 10 or how ever many seconds deal) that was worth 290 million . fucking hell. these war times.

 i can't get over how great urlLink the notwist are. i love their 1998 album shrink. so bloody brilliant. "all the things i do with you they don't fade away" the care package for the boy arrived at his place today, but he might not be able to pick it up till monday, which i find unbearable. i send the silly thing via express for a lot of money, it's actually therewithin 7 days (a record), and he can't get it because of work. silly aussie post. he'll love the cd (and the rest, too, i hope), and the earlier he gets this stuff (not that the cd is exactly uplifting), the better. when i picked it out, i actually listened to 5 different cds, all german (sportfreunde stiller, element of crime etc.), but when i listened to this one, i instantly knew it had to be his, and wondered why i had bothered about listening to the other 4. the notwist are touring canada and the us next month, btw, urlLink including places where you readers live . go see them, please. for me. you'll like them.

 from today's urlLink yoga journal newsletter: "I aspire to awaken for the benefit of all beings."

 random. i was in the car when i heard the news on the radio that the inspectors were urged to leave iraq. since then i have even less hope that there is not going to be one more war happening in the world tomorrow. i have no doubts that saddam hussein is a dictator that the world would be a better place without. however, history has shown that sanctions and wars make dictators stronger instead of weaker. furthermore, this is not going to be a "war against terror". i fear this is going to be a war that will create more terror, more fear, that this will be a war that will make the world less safe. feels like time for good thoughts, prayer (if you like), meditation and continued demonstration of all kind. ------------------------------------

 it's been beyond busy, this past week, and has left me tired and brain dead. the parents are returning this afternoon, which means my work at the bookshop is done and i can head home monday. yay. i can't wait to get my routine back. in any way, i have a lot on my mind, but just can not be bothered to write right now. neither here, nor the emails due to so many. more monday, from the privacy and comfort of home. yeah.

 urlLink the age: blonde magnetism : "I got wolfish looks from men and complicit smiles from blonde women, who seemed to acknowledge my beaconlike hair as if I was now a member of an elite club," she writes, recalling that she was suddenly given preferential treatment at the market as well as at the London Library." might sound overboard, but it's true. it's a shocker how much you're noticed when you're blonde, and since i've been growing my hair and hence have more of that blondeness, it's been getting even more severe. quite funny. interesting article, and definitely a book i'd like to read.

 urlLink friday five! 1. do you like talking on the phone? why or why not? i like talking on the phone. i like voices and talking. as easy as that. 2. who is the last person you talked to on the phone? my mom, last night, asking whether everything worked out at the shop yesterday. 3. about how many telephones do you have at home? one phone. one mobile. 4. have you encountered anyone who has really bad phone manners? what happened? i encounter people with what i deem to be really bad phone manners all the time. just yesterday, someone called my parent's place about a complaint my mother made regarding an environemental hazard caused by a local factory two weeks ago. the woman from the clean up/complaint place was first off not coherent, didn't cohrenrelty express at the start of the call who she was and why she was calling, didn't give the correct days the complaint was made and the incident happened and was just overall insulting, rude, and not coherent, didn't leave her name, spelled the number wrong, and so on. after hanging up, i actually screamed because she sucked so much at being on the phone. 5. would you rather pick up the phone and call someone or write them an e-mail or a letter? why or why not? most of the time, i prefer calls. - they're just done and over with more quickly, and most importantly, you actually have instant interaction , which neither snail mail nor emails give. for the boy and me, the phone is our lifeline. nothing can replace it, we write emails, too, but the phone is our primary contact method, and could never be replaced with icq or another instant messenger for example. if i am very busy and actually don't want to speak to someone (and that happens), i often drop an email telling them i'm busy and when i'll re-appear. there are times when i just can not be bothered with chattery catching up calls, because i am too tired or edgy. for simple information supply, email is good, and sometimes, i send the occasional snail mail letter, too: some stuff can't be done via email - actually had to send two real letters this week, one to my uni's student services to request a new student id, the other to cancel a bank account. in general though: if i can do something via the phone, i do it that way.

 urlLink zoran djindjic, serbian prime minister, was assasinated this afternoon. after seeing interviews with him over the last years, i admired him for his firm belief in democracy, his belief in making things happen through tireless activism and creating a good future for the balkan by connecting with western europe. he repeatedly expressed hope that within 10 years, serbia would be part of the eu. he's been called the "serbian jfk" because he was attractive, educated, a man of reforms, even if they were tough. how terrible to see him be assasinated, like jfk. zoran djindjic was doubtlessly the greatest politican to have come out of serbia, one of the fiercest democrats and europeans of the last decade. what a loss to serbia/montenegro, the balkan in general, and to europe. it will be impossible to replace him. - thinking about what might happen in serbia now is worrisome.

 urlLink how utterly ridiculous can one get? shouldn't us politicians spend their time worrying about more important stuff on the "eve of a war" they are currently choosing to start? shouldn't they be spending time thinking about how to protect the people of iraq during this war about oil, about how to minimise the "collateral damage" that will hit women and children the hardest (as usual), shouldn't they get behind more and tougher inspections instead? other people might find this name change on the menu thing funny. - i find it revolting and worrisome. really, i wonder whether those stupid republican politicians behind this idea honestly thought this would have any impact on us in europe who oppose war with iraq. instead of insulting us (no one in europe eats "french fries" we eat "pommes frites" or chips, mates), or scaring us, or whatever else, it makes us rest more assured we don't want to be on the same side with those who eat "freedom fries".

 someone saved my life last night by calling just as i was subjecting myself to "you've got mail" on the telly (i hate meg ryan with a passion: it was like watching a car crash, i swear). thanks muchly for the conversation, entertainment and that voice, chap.

 what an end to that troubled week for the boy and me: evan fractured his wrist on thursday while playing netball.martyr that he is, he played the entire game after his fall ("can't leave the team alone!"), and idiots they are, the other doctors on the team deemed his injury "harmless" - while fiona the physio (you know, the one who wants to get inside his pants) thought he should go to the ed immediately. unfortunately, he didn't though, but instead suffered all night until he dragged himself there early friday. of course, as usual, when evan does something, he does it right: he got himself a distal third urlLink scaphoid urlLink fracture on his left hand. fracture of the wrist sounds quite harmless - unfortunately though, that scaphoid fracture can apparently be a meanie. not only will the boy be in a cast for at least 6 weeks (no working out, no driving, being unable to put lines into patients, being unable to do full examinations, no use of left hand, typing discharge summaries with one hand etc.), this thing can have serious consequences if it doesn't heal well. let me quote from urlLink the bones home page: the interactive hand urlLink scaphoid fractures "scaphoid fractures are known to have unpredictable healing. this is due to the unique anatomy of the scaphoid itself. the fracture itself often cuts off normal blood circulation to pieces of the bone. also, other wrist bones attached to each end of the scaphoid move broken pieces away from each other - so strongly that it may not be possible to hold them together with any type of cast. for this reason, these fractures may heal slowly (delayed union) or not at all (nonunion). also, if circulation to part of the bone is cut off and not recovered, that part of the bone will deteriorate (avascular necrosis) and lead to degenerative arthritis. (...) conservative treatment involves prolonged immobilization for as many months as the fracture takes to heal. because some fractures will fail to heal despite casting for a year or more, surgery may be needed to hold the bone pieces in place. surgery to promote healing is most often recommended for displaced fractures and those which have failed to heal despite casting. this involves special hardware and possibly a bone graft. this type of surgery is not always technically possible. degenerative arthritis is a definite possibility with these injuries and may require future reconstructive surgery. exercise and therapy is recommended after the fracture heals. (now, do is see someone already queing up to take position as his personal physio?) other problems include weakness, persistent soreness, visible deformity, reflex sympathetic dystrophy and other possible problems. stiffness after a scaphoid fracture is almost always seen." trouble with a hand is one of the worst things to happen to a doctor, really. it's not like evan was ever planning to become a surgeon, but you need a well functioning hand as a doc, period. thankfully, after the folks in ed had stopped laughing when he turned up yesterday morning, they referred him straight to the top ortho folks at the hospital, and evan got first class (free) treatment, including an mri, and a cast by the ortho surg registrar (who's usually above these duties). nice. they were considering surgery but for now chose the cast. i am not sure why they considered surgery - need to ask him whether his fracture is actually displaced or not. hm. i swear, i learned more about anatomy of the hand and fractures and treatment in the past hour than i ever thought i'd ever need. blessed be the internet. i'm a bit worried whether he will actually rest the hand as much as he has to and get through the day okay. apparently, the flatmates have been helpful so far, but will they do that for a full six weeks? will he have to change rotations? he's supposed to be on ed in three weeks, but would be most useless there with just one hand. he's also supposed to be on his country rotation in five weeks. will he have to go there, unable to drive himself? i wish i could fly over and be there for the boy. however, unless he gets surgery, it doesn't really make much sense. - i offered it, we discussed it, but i couldn't be there for the whole time he heals so what use would i be? he's just such a bad patient, the boy.- not just because he is a bloke and a doc. he can't rest, he gets restless when he can't work out, he pushes himself when he really shouldn't. and yeah, knowing about the risks involved with his type of fracture, he's in quite a foul mood, too. argh. argh. argh. i so hate the limitations of ldrs in situations like these. it's time for a care package. more: urlLink scaphoid fractures: frequently asked questions urlLink the scaphoid fracture page urlLink hand university - a patient's guide to scaphoid fractures

 urlLink friday five 1. what was the last song you heard? in the car on the way to the bookshop: die aerzte - "1/2 lovesong" 2. what were the last two movies you saw? actually at the movies: "the lord of the rings: the two towers" and "james bond: die another day". on the telly: a two part movie on the war in bosnia called "warriors" and "the talented mr.ripley". that was the week before last. 3. what were the last three things you purchased? this morning: two rolls at the bakery. yesterday afternoon at dm: moisturiser, eye make up remover, cotton make up remover pads. 4. what four things do you need to do this weekend? work at the shop till 2pm today, write some urgent emails, visit my grandma, look after myself (that includes cooking real meals, relaxing, cleaning the house to my comfort level, purchase foods for aforementioned meals, go to a yoga class & satsang, watch the finale of german "pop idol"). 5. who are the last five people you talked to? the woman who sold me my rolls at the bakery half an hour ago; evan, calling me last night to tell me he fractured his wrist playing netball; tina, who i had a big bitch session with and the three employees in my mom's book shop (anne, heidi, conny).

 cautious update: it feels like there's some firm ground under our feet again. yeah. (more tomorrow, when there's time. and folks: you rock. thanks muchly for the advice, kind words and emails. more thanks tomorrow, too.)

 hullo jack, ya know, i wish i knew what his problem was, or really understood what's really wrong for/with him at the moment, but i don't really, and it's been hard for me to really get what's up with him. the short version is that he finds being in an ldr very "difficult" at the moment. it started on sunday, when he told me he had been thinking about whether this was all worth it, whether he should step out of this relationship. that happened after a phone conversation the day before during which i kinda flipped at him. i had tried to get hold of him for a while (we had arranged to talk at a certain time, during which i was at the airport, dropping off my parents), and when i finally got through to him, he told me he didn't want to speak even for a minute, because he was out and about, his food was on the way, and bla-bla-blah, - stuff which i found a bit insulting, because he was out with another girl. i wasn't asking for an hour long confessional while he was in a bar, all i had wanted was a minute with him, connecting, nothing more, because i had missed our arranged phone time. he later said he was sorry for being mean, but didn't fail to mention that my reaction had been like that of his psychotic ex, jen. reason i flipped was because it just pushed all my "i am not a priority for him" buttons. - the recurring issue with us, really. in any way, we talked on sunday, and it seemed like all was well again, we had said our sorries, the week had been ok, but then came his aforementioned statement, like a firm kick in the stomach. i couldn't talk for a good minute after that, and kept shaking uncontrollably. it felt like i couldn't breathe, like when i fell off the swing, and unto my back, when i was a kid. in any way, right now, we're still together, but in a weird spot, really. he says that he loves me, but i get the impression that what he wants right now is to be with someone who a) is near him; b) works with him; and c) offers a relationship that's "less complicated" than being with me, who's far away. you know, there are tons of people around him, that are accessible, single, smart, that work with him, hell, there's even someone living with him, that fits all this (flatmate anna), there's this other girl who he's been spending fucking amounts of time with (fiona), who he told me was seeing one of his mates, until i asked today why the bloke was never there when she and evan met up, and he told me they had just split up. this is a recurring issue for him, too, surrounding himself with plenty of girls, because they are so good for his ego, make him so wanted and well. i thought he was over this, but maybe he isn't, after all. and then - isn't it human to enjoy company and attention? fuck. i guess he wants some newrelationshipenergy (TM), too, failing to recognize that all relationships take some effort once that has failed, that nothing fresh can replace what we have, our level of intinmacy, our connection and that we're basically a few metres in front of the finish line to turn this into a normal relationship, and that it would be insane to give up because of this, after everything we've managed. as much as it hurts, i know it's been good that he's been honest with me. being honest is the greatest thing you can do for someone. at least i get a chance to see the danger and maybe avert it. who knows. i trust him when he says he hasn't fallen in love with anyone, but i think he just sees and experiences every singly day how easy it would be to have someone who can go to the pub with him, who he can screw with when he feels like it, go to the gym with, go for lunch with, who doesn't need explanations about work related matters, what have you. there are just plenty of replacements for me all around. he's spending so much time out on quasi-dates with single female colleagues, i think he forgets how cool it is when we're together, and that these girls have nothing on me, that none of those fucking dates are anything close to what we have, that nothing anyone can give him is as grande as what we can have together and have had in the past. and yeah, this all just fucking hurts. to top this off, what has been crawling into my head has been that he's done this before, leave someone (who was far away) for someone else. he left psychotic ex for me, after all, over the phone. i just don't feel like i can trust him, or that i can rely on him right now, when i really urgently need it. at the same time, he says he needs me, but i don't see what more i can do, don't understand what exactly he wants. it's like he's opened the door and is just pondering for a sec when exactly he wants to step out. he's said some fucking hurtful things, too. i told him that he should be aware that if he decided to leave me via the phone, i'd be on the next fucking plane i could get on, that i wasn't going to let him do this without face-to-face contact. he replied to that that this made him consider leaving me even more, simply because he knows seeing me will refresh his desire to keep this relationship alive. if he wants to refresh our relationship, he should simply buy a fucking plane ticket and come over. he could at least fucking book for when he wanted to come over in july. other fucked up thing was that he said leaving me wouldn't mean he didn't love me, and that he might want to return to this relationship, after all. this is the most fucking egoistic thing i have ever heard from him. if he loves me, he will work on this relationship, as we've done before. if he doesn't, then he should leave. there is no combo of the two, no love but still leave. it's bullshit reasoning that's supposed to make it hurt less, but it just makes it all worse. in my book, you love someone, you stay with them, and commit yourself. you don't make an easy exit, just because you feel like it right now because it's "so difficult" . pardon me, it just isn't "more difficult" than it's been before. it's easy. he's got a job, he's got money, i will graduate, i am not out of my mind depressed (at least i wasn't until sunday), i will move, it will be sweet, or at least we'll know whether this is real or not. so what's this fuck all about? i really hope all this is "just another bump in the road" that will pass and all will be well again, but i've got this awful feeling that it isn't, and that things are coming to an end. it feels terrible to think and write this. since sunday, i feel like someone is constantly and simultaneously choking me and kicking me in the stomach. can't eat (and when i can, i overeat, yeah.), can't speak, can't listen to fucking music or the fucking radio, can't do anything at all. can't meditate. can't practise yoga. can't talk to anyone about it (have avoided the phone for that reason, and when i've talked about this with my mom, it sparked hour long sobbing). i walk around in a fucking daze, trying to function. it's been very testing to talk this through with him, too. i have all this things i want to know, stuff i want to understand, but i don't want to keep pushing this again and again. it hurts to feel so insecure about this, hurts that i asked him whether i can rely on him and he didn't reply (now, that's a new kind of "no", isn't it?). at the same time, i don't know how the trust can come back, what he could do to make things better again, aside from booking that flight, maybe, and designating time for us to talk. i'm very well aware that if he wants to end this, he will, and should, and that if that happens, i will have to let him go and wish him well. but it hurts, it just hurts so much. he says that we're in crisis, and i have no idea, no understanding where this comes from, out of the blue, out of the middle of bliss we had when i left 5 weeks ago. i am planning emigration and he's "forgetting" what it's like when we're together? isn't that a prime reason to end the planning, asap? i'm terribly scared. if the mere thread of this ending bowls me over like this, what will it feel like and what should i do if he decides he doesn't want to have this any longer? all my life plans are bound to this man, to moving into his country and living there. what if he doesn't want me any more? sorry for this whining, jack (but then, you asked for it). it's all just awful, awful, awful, and i have no idea what to do, besides trying to establish gentle communication, not pressuring him (which is hard, when all i crave is promises and stability), carefully making plans for july (which we started today), talking about what it's like when we're together. and yeah, you've got a secure spot on the waiting list for the position of "commonwealth man in caro's life". at least canada would be closer, plus you can fly, too, what a bonus. so, any great input, chap? thanks for listening, btw. muchly appreciated. love, caro (needing prozac, hugs and stability) post scriptum: felt like noting all this stuff here, just not like writing it in an artistic way. what for? sugarcoat my pain? no thanks. i'm going to a yoga class at a sivananda center in essen tomorrow morning, and really do not know whether that's a good idea or not. i don't want to unleash the emotions nicely locked up inside (if not far from the surface - close enough for stupid music on the radio to break through to them) and know that might happen. umph.

 lesson learned this past weekend: no matter how shitty your weekend starts, there is always potential for it to get worse. a lot worse.

 i am terribly edgy today. that's why i choose silence over whining and/or bitching and will remain quiet for the weekend.

 urlLink friday five 1. what is your favorite type of literature to read (magazine, newspaper, novels, nonfiction, poetry, etc.)? i read pretty much everything that gets into my hands, and being a bookshop owner's daughter(and currently even the person in charge of said bookshop), that's a lot of material of all different origins. right now, i'm in a bit of a novel phase and reading through several year's worth of man booker prize shortlists and winners. i get other phases though, too - weeks when i read nothing but biographies, or poetry or whatever else, and am an avid newspaper reaer, when there's a good newspaper at hand (like urlLink the age ). 2. what is your favorite novel? urlLink all these listed here , and more. 3. do you have a favorite poem? (share it!) again, it's not just one fave, and even with my favourite poets, i never have just one favourite by each of them, i enjoy plenty of poets and plenty of their works for plenty of different reasons. it's impossible and quite ignorant in my opinion to compare late goethe's poetry with that of his earlier days, or erich fried, rilke or kstner (even though i love almost his entire "lyrische hausapotheke") - and pick a fave. there's a urlLink list of some favourite poets right here , though. 4. what is one thing you've always wanted to read, or wish you had more time to read? there isn't anything out there that i really urgently need to read or that i#ve put off reading for ages. if i want something, i get it, and read it, even if i have to make time for it. 5. what are you currently reading? i am re-reading "the fellowship of the ring" by tolkien (which has been really enjoyable again so far), "practical lessons in yoga" by sri swami sivananda, a book on family relationships that my therapist recommended (whose english title i can't come up with right now) and the current edition of urlLink yoga journal , which is the first paper one that i ever purchased - it's only available at airport bookshops, and costs a whopping 11 Euro (twice the US cover price).

 "it's crazy, i'm thinking, just knowing that the world is round and here i'm dancing on the ground am i right side up or upside down? and is this real, or am i dreaming?" ~dave matthews band~ "crush"

 at urlLink nerve : alicia erian: break - scenes from a separation. urlLink part i - lost cause urlLink part ii - light arms

 "You guys have been out there all this time?" A few of the women looked at him nervously and nodded, but I spoke. "Yes, for a few hours," I said, and met his eyes, shivering under my coat. "Aren't you cold?" he said and put his hand on my upper arm. He was incredibly handsome and had a strong, but gentle hand that engulfed my shoulder. "Yes," I said, "It's supposed to be a spring scene and I can't stop shivering." "Aw," he said, and put his arm around me, then patted me on the back and gave me a playful, but firm shove, "Well get in there!" "I will," I said, and continued on my course to warmness. "he" is joaquin phoenix. and this little episode urlLink made anne realize a few things . good on her.

 a big fat envelope arrived in my mailbox today, from the urlLink canadian tourism board , full of leaflets and brochures and maps of eastern parts of the country. canada is mysterious! motivating! multi-faceted!emotional! i swear, i am not making this up: these are the exact words they use on the website, too. funnily enough, a similar fat envelope, with the exact same material arrived yesterday already. seems like they are very keen to make sure i feel the urge to discover their true nature , these canadians. not needed, really, mission accomplished, i'd say: there is someone's true nature i am quite keen to discover. he.

 i was sad this afternoon, after phone discussions with evan. it felt like he listened and understood what i was saying, and what it meant, for the first time in months. i wasn't fighting the sadness and the grief (because that's what it was, really), but letting them be, and that was good. i was starting to wonder whether i had turned all fatalistic and cold. - so i havent. the day made a turn for the better through yoga and dinner with the yoga people afterwards, a rigo with tina and emails. it was so good to sit down over food with 3 other people, and talk, be listened to, understood, - and liked, even with flaws. i am amazed by it, and feel blessed. i haven't had this in so long. how could i ever do without a support net? claudia (whos not regularly at yoga, because shes a stewardess) is apparently in a similar situation, also kicked off by her partner, who is now amazed, too, by what he started off, and she said some wise things. lots along the lines that there are no bad decisions, just decisions which have both good and bad aspects about them, but she thinks making a decision is always good. i think i agree with her. other stuff she she said showed she had listened to me and noted things i had said in the past. the first time i was ever at dinner with everyone after yoga, i had told them i was going to emigrate, and had said "but please try to get to know me nonetheless, yes?" , as if it was a joke, even though i was damn serious. and claudia mentioned that today. smart woman, this one. in any way, it was good, the yoga, and all that talking, and it looks like well be doing a big fat, drunken, dancing girls night out this weekend. which i havent done in way too long. when he left, ralf told me he wouldnt mind me not going to australia - hed prefer having me hang around. which is good to hear, and much needed. it sounds all hippie, but no matter what, it will be, and it will be good. this doesn't mean waiting to see what happens, - to me, it means making decisions, in the good knowledge that no matter what, it will be alright.

 go read urlLink note and urlLink banana split by urlLink michael . i admire his way with words.

 working with changes let's try an experiment. pick up a coin. imagine that it represents the object at which you are grasping. hold it tightly clutched in your fist and extend your arm, with the palm of your hand facing the ground. now if you let go or relax your grip, you will lose what you are clinging onto. that's why you hold on. but there's another possibility: you can let go and yet keep hold of it. with your arm still outstretched, turn your hand over so that it faces the sky. release your hand and the coin still rests on your open palm. you let it go. and the coin is still yours, even with all this space around it. so there is a way in which we can accept impermanence and still relish life, at one and the same time, without grasping. let us now think of what frequently happens in relationships. so often it is only when people suddenly feel they are losing their partner that they realize that they love them. then they cling on even tighter. but the more they grasp, the more the other person escapes them, and the more fragile the relationship becomes. so often we want happiness, but the very way we pursue it so clumsy and unskillful that it brings only more sorrow. usually we assume we must grasp in oder to have that something that will ensure our happiness. we ask ourselves: how can we possibly enjoy anything if we cannot own it? how often attachment is mistaken for love? even when the relationship is a good one, love is spoiled by attachment, with its insecurity, possessiveness and pride; and when love is gone, all you are left to show for it are the "souvenirs" of love, the scars of attachment. sogyal ringpoche: "the tibetan book of living and dying"

 have i mentioned dirk before? i think i haven't. he chatted me up at the laundromat three weeks ago, as i was burning a few cd compilations for a guy. we discussed cd compilations and their meanings and effects and it was quite enjoyable. - he was smart and well educated and interesting and while i am not out there looking for dates, i am looking for more connections round here nonetheless and that day, i was in a splendid mood and enjoying myself. i asked him whether he wanted a copy of what i was burning then (back then, i thought the compilations i had just made didn't have a message. but boy, was i wrong.) but he declined, getting all morally worked up about those compilations being for one guy, and that it would simply be wrong if he had them, too, because of the message, and no, he just couldn't have that, it would be like betraying the guy who was getting them in the first place. so thanks, but no thanks. of course, i said "now: i could burn a compilation especially for you, too." and it wasn't just said to make him go away, even though i wanted him to go away then. at that point of the conversation, we were downstairs where the washing machines are and he was interestedly watching me fold up my undies. hm. yes, these are my g-strings and my socks, and that's my sports bra, yes. so he said yes to my offer, and i made a little compilation for him yesterday. it's a chilly kind of summery thing, with lots of loungey dj stuff. - no deep messages this time, just plain old summer time enjoyment. kruder & dorfmeister and thievery corporation and remixed shirley bassey and lots more. it's nice, i like it. i send him an email yesterday informing him of his luck, and asked what he had been up to. and he said he was struggling with preparations for his abitur. abitur being the final exams at grammar school to get a grade for university entrance. which means he is 19, or maybe (and that would be very rare) 20. oy. at the cradle snatcher anonymous meeting: *caro stands up, blushing.* "hello, my name is caro, and i accidentally, unwillingly and unknowingly picked up a teenager."

 hold me now, oh hold me now 'til this hour has gone around and i'm gone on the rising tide for to face van diemen's land it's a bitter pill i swallow here to be rent from one so dear we fought for justice and not for gain but the magistrate sent me away now kings will rule and the poor will toil and tear their hands as they tear the soil but a day will come in this dawning age when an honest man sees an honest wage hold me now, oh hold me now 'til this hour has gone around and i'm gone on the rising tide for to face van diemen's land

 i defy gravity: only # 10 for googling urlLink emigration plans wrong split relationship . quite disappointing.

 urlLink friday five 1. what was the last TV show you watched? buffy, the premiere of season 7, wednesday night. hmmmm. spike. 2. what was the last thing you complained about? i don't know. i don't like complaining very much. - it doesn't seem like a very constructive thing to do. i think i sounded as if i was complaining during a phone conversation yesterday, but i wasn't. i'm beyond complaining in that regard. 3. who was the last person you complimented and what did you say? a guy. and i said good stuff about plenty of things about him. 4. what was the last thing you threw away? the paper cardboard wrapper of a rigo 4 pack, which i had lazily left in my fridge last night. 5. what was the last website (besides this one) that you visited? urlLink the airman's mess

 "i ask myself often: "why is it that everything changes?" and only one answer comes back to me: that is how life is . (...) in our minds, changes always equal loss and suffering. and if they come, we anesthetize ourselves as far as possible. we assume, stubbornly and unquestioningly, that permanence provides security and impermanence does not. but, in life, impermanence is like some of the people we meet in life - difficult and disturbing at first, but on deeper acquaintance far friendlier and less unnerving than we could have imagined. reflect on this: the realisation of impermanence is paradoxically the only thing we can hold onto, perhaps our only lasting possession. it is like the sky, or the earth. no matter how much everything around us may change or collapse, they endure. say we go through a shattering emotional crisis...our whole life seems to be disintegrating. the earth is still there; the sky is still there. of course, even the earth trembles now and aain, just to remind us we cannot take anything for granted." sogyal ringpoche: "the tibetan book of living and dying" this book came to me with great timing, obviously.

 michael crawford, who has schizoaffective disorder, describes what it's like to live inside his head, in "living with schizoaffective disorder" urlLink part i and urlLink part ii at urlLink kuro5hin.org . it's an impressive bit of writing, mercilessly open. his descriptions of depression are to the point, and come close to what mine was like for me. the other day, i was asked what it was like for me to be depressed, and i realised i had trouble describing it, because it's been so long since the last very bad spell. it feels like my brain has erased some of the bad stuff from back then, memories of what it felt like. i can't say that i mind. it was strange to realise, thinking about depression, that i'm very much not depressed at the moment, nowhere near it, in fact, and that this is a newthing and that it just happened, the feeling better. sure, there have been these mountains of change for the better lately, but the happiness still caught me by surprise. it's still kinda startling, actually. today is a strange day, mood wise, with a strange mindset and some sadness and worrying, - but i see it as just that, and am not scared, like i was for such a long time, that any bit of unhappiness might mark the return of the total loveless-ness depression has always been for me. these days, love, deep, real human connection provides a protective layer for my soul, putting a cushion between me and the boundless despair that erased my personality for so long. and i'm very thankful and happy about that.

 hmmmm. being sung to over the phone: very very good. emails being read in .rm format: very very good, too. hmmmmm. lucky me.

 the world feels like my oyster today. maybe it's the energy from yesterday enhanced by nre and spring. who knows. fact is, i've been cleaning and organising all morning, throwing things away, taking things off the walls, putting pictures away. i have this unstoppable urge to re-decorate the flat, to make it simple and clean and tidy. i want different things on the walls, i want to paint these walls. i want space for a little altar and meditation spot (i think). its quite intense now, this urge for change, in oh-so-many ways. i might almost start worrying about urlLink hypomania again. fact is, these past weeks have been full of new stuff, and i've been confronted with certain ideas i'd usually put off so many times, by so many different people that they start settling in. - sort of like: is this fate trying to tell me it's time for this? specifically, i wonder whether i should do a urlLink vipassana meditation course/retreat. could i do that? i'm not sure. i think more change is needed first. more time, too. the times they are-a-changing.

 apocalyptica &middot; coldplay &middot; counting crows &middot; live &middot; massive attack &middot; moloko &middot; radiohead &middot; sigur rs &middot; slut &middot; supergrass &middot; underworld (and many others i care less about) will all be at urlLink southside festival on the third weekend in june, in my corner of the country. i'm very tempted to shell out the 79. coldplay! radiohead! slut! all in one weekend! the only band who'd make it even better would be the notwist, who played there last year. need to find someone who'll come along. it would be so grande and such a nice thing to do before i turn a quater century old later that week.

 bliss. i'm in a state of pure & holy bliss. the ajurvedic massage by silke this afternoon was the most beautiful non-sexual thing another person has ever done to me and my body. thinking about it, it possibly beats about 80% of sexual things done to me and my body, too. not that my sex life has been that bad, but this massage was a whole different league. it was just what i needed, and i want more. i needed this, the touching, the smells, the physical sensation of the warm oil and the time for myself with this awesome woman who is growing to be a friend. i loved it all. for the first hour afterwards, i could hardly speak, so blissed out was i. hmmmm. i'm still practically purring. it was such a connecting experience, both between my body and me, and between silke and me. i can not remember being touched in such a loving, caring way, ever before, just for *me*, for my pleasure and health and wellbeing. i managed to tune out of everything for the first time in weeks. i have been unable to relax and turn off my mind during yoga and meditation lately (too many mental videotapes starting as soon as my eyes closed, not that i minded them), but during this, i was filled with pure, simple enjoyment, nothing else, no worries, no thoughts. pretty much the only coherent sentence i uttered in the middle of it was "this should be done to babies and children, so that they feel loved, and cared for and at home in their bodies right from the start" . before the massage, i wondered whether i would be able to relax enough to give a (brandnew) friend this much access to my naked body, but i could, and could so easily. it was normal and felt right and normal and not strange at all. it's the first time a woman touched my body this extensively and it felt lovely. :) it was full of female energy, this afternoon. if women were this nice to each other's bodies, we'd all be happier, i think, and be less evil and critical towards ourselves and others. i have never experienced this kind of undivided attention to my body, ever. maybe i've done something wrong in the past, picked the wrong partners, maybe (most had, in fact, body hate & dysmorphia issues that could easily measure up to mine or even topped them), but this was new, and this being done to me by a woman made it even more special. the 4 hour glory started after tea and chatting with a head and face massage using an ajurvedic paste that smelled like sandalwood. after a few minutes, i totally dropped out and enjoyed the sensations. - there's something about getting your eyebrows gently kneaded and your earlobes tucked that makes all thougths go away. the full body massage with a warm oil mix consisting of sesame and a mix from the hospital in kerala, that smelled a bit like molasse, started sitting, which took some getting used to. it was just new that someone massaged my arms and legs while i was sitting up straight and naked apart from a g-string (which by the end of the massage had completely soaked up the oil, too). i got used to it quickly though, and by the time i went to lie on my back, and silke started massaging my belly and breasts and arms and legs and feet - just everything on me, i had tuned out and was just blissful. next came lying on my right side, lying on the belly, lying on the left, then sitting up again. the massage was firm but not rough, with long strokes, and constant contact. it took more than 2 hours. 2 hours! not that i looked at any watches. i tried to come up with a metaphor for what it felt like, but i couldn't. i have never ever had anything close to this. i was completely drenched in the nicely smelling and feeling oil, my hair soaked up some of it, too, and i *connected* to my body, while my mind turned itself off as silke was touching me. i'm still lacking words to describe it. when the massage was over, silke padded the oil off, wrapped me in a piece of cloth and ran a bath for me, in which i soaked for a little while and washed off the oils. in the bath, i finally woke up again, in a way, the mental videotape coming back, as i realised being this oiled had a sexual quality to it, too. overall, it was so unique, so nice, to let someone treat me this well. so very very good, too. after the bath, and dressing (had to go commando under the denim skirt, because the g-string was just too oily) i had to drink a herbal drink that would further the positive effects of the treatment (straight from the kerbala hospital again, where she studied). silke and i had some more yogi tea, and chatted about life, and relationship and plans, and i borrowed some books and it was just overall nice. i hope we can further our friendship, silke and i. i want her in my life because she's so reflective, smart, strong and caring and positive. i will do my best. i'd like try to get this kind of massage regularly now, maybe every 6 to 8 weeks. it has been so good for both my mind and psyche already, i can not wait to see what i feel like tomorrow. it was a strange week for me, body wise, with being so very tired because of staying up late (self-induced) and being unable to sleep in, and feeling sluggish and unhealthy while at the same time being overly active and almost manic because of nre. it's gone now the strange feeling (not the nre though, thankfully!), even though i know i will sleep well later. very well, i might add. unless i suddenly feel the urge to pick up the phone, which migth happen, after all. oh, life is good. no, actually it's fucking brilliant. *purrr* *purrr*

 "i'm getting in touch these days because i want to, not because i feel like i have to...and that feels better to me." , he writes. i wrote back that that was nice, but that he shouldn't expect me to give him a medal for that: i was taking that for granted, getting in touch when it's wanted, not because of whatever outside force. he wanted me to do less: call less, want less, need less, plan less, and so i did all that, did everything he wanted, and now he's happier and feels better. i became reactive and constricted myself. needless to say, that was not very *me*, any of that. now i go out again, meet people, don't sit by the phone, just like he told me to, and he's surprised when i am not around when he calls, when i am busy, when i am not angry because he hasn't made an effort to get in touch in how many days. the power games are working. in unexpected ways, and i guess with consequences he never thought about when suggesting them. after forcing myself to do less, i now *am* less. i need less, want less, feel the need to be there less, have given up planning. it's all less. a lot less. i wonder how he can feel happier, with so little of me.

 urlLink i love when i wake up and you are beside me urlLink good morning urlLink i think i need some space to think

 i declared today to be a no-work-day. oh, the luxuries of law school life. the work is still there, obviously, and will need to be looked after tomorrow and over the weekend, but today, i just can not work. i tried, and failed, because the urge to rest my hot forehead on the cool cover of my schoenfelder (a law text book), became too strong. i'm just too tired. of these past 48 hours, only 7 1/2 were spent sleeping: 3 hours tuesday night, a blissful half an hour nap wednesday afternoon, barely 4 hours wednesday night. in short: i'm sleepfucked. not so much that i'm hallucinating (which has happened before), but the world is warm and hazy and seems awfully demanding. it's a hang-overed kind of feeling. - even though in those 48 hours i had only 3 rigos, plus one radler, which is more than the recommended intake for a woman of my size and age, i guess, but not enough to make me feel hungovered. i look the hangovered/sleepfucked part, too. everyone i met yesterday commented on me looking pale & tired, seeming out of it and less sparkly than usual, and asked what was up. to some, i talked a bit about why i stayed up late, and left out other bits about what happened when i stayed up late, but i smiled about both. because sleepfucked or not, i'm happy. out of my head happy, and right now, i don't have any reason to believe that that's going to change any time soon. which is a shocker, too. - happiness of this scale hasn't been a part of this life for a good long while. so today, i'll be lazying around, writing, doing yoga tonight, sitting in the sun on my balcony, and overall walllowing in happiness, good stuff and thoughts that make my insides tingle. it feels teenage. but i love it.

 it was a realisation while doing countless dead lifts during the back exercises of a body pump class yesterday: there's eternal common sense type wisdom and life help in the songs of urlLink right said fred , and they encourage self-esteem, dropping labels, trusting in feelings. don't believe me? read their lyrics closely. self-esteem, self worth & achieving goals: stand up (for the champions) "i was built to be the best number one and nothing less leave me to my destiny i have waited patiently i have vision' oh i believe i know i can count on me (...) it's just life that's how it is cause we have our strength and weaknesses and when i fall down i have to pick myself back up" trusting in feelings: i know what love is "there ain't a quick fix to a slow heartbreak there ain't a good feeling in a bad mistake but i know when it feels right i know what love is what love is what love is and i know what love is like there ain't another song like avalon when the lights are off to turn you on i know what love is like love is like a bed i make it every day love is like a breeze that blows you away love is like a wish and love is like song love is like a thought that spins you along i know what love is like" feeling good and desirable in your own skin: i'm too sexy i'm too sexy for my shirt too sexy for my shirt so sexy it hurts and i'm too sexy for milan too sexy for milan new york and japan and i'm too sexy for your party too sexy for your party no way i'm disco dancing i'm too sexy for my car too sexy for my car too sexy by far and i'm too sexy for my hat too sexy for my hat what do you think about that friend- & mateship: you're my mate "i'll tell you what i think i think she's a cow she's let you down too many times now let's go for a drink forget it for now put it behind you i think it's your round coz you're my mate and i will stand by you you're my mate and i will stand by you and in the face of things that could hurt you you're my mate and i will stand bye you i'll tell you what i think i think he's a pain he ain't got a car but he drives you insane let's go for a drink and sink a few enough about him let's talk about you coz you're my mate and i will stand by you you're my mate and i will stand by you and in the face of things that could hurt you you're my mate and i will stand bye you" quitting talking when it's all been said: don't talk just kiss "ooh yeah, there's people there's love you and i both apply to the above the one and only reason is fun fun fun well baby, we've only just begun don't talk just kiss we're beyond words and sound don't talk just kiss let your tongue fool around let's fool around" he. :)

 yeah the whole world seems very strange in a pleasant kinda way.

 i'm back home, and i'm happier than ever before about having my life back. it was a very much up-and-down kinda time with the parents (himmelhochjauchzendzutodebetruebt), and it was exhausting. exhausting because i could not recharge my batteries with good stuff (like letters, and yoga, and booze with tina), exhausting because of the criticisim, exhausting because it was so much family, all at once, asking questions i neither wanted nor needed, because they circled like birds of prey around things i am so unsure about. like thefuture. and evan. and thefuturewithevan. at the same time, i was (and still am) on a constant high, caused by a variant of nre, which is sweet and mind-numbing and over-stimulating and exciting and confusing and saddening. it is the latter because of what might result out of it, what it makes me wonder and think about, what decisions i should be in the process of making instead of enjoying the nre so much, being so turned on, so smitten by what turns up in my (hot)mail. i'm meeting daniel again tonight, too, which shall be interesting. i will have all my guards up. - life is all messy and confusing (and wonderful, too) enough already. no need to make it even more so, but he *is* interesting, and i need people around and so i will be out tonight, hopefully enjoying myself, possibly coming home needing a big fat drink in front of the computer again like last week and writing drunken eMails. it's overwhelming and fucking awesome, this being so very much attracted to someone. that someone is not daniel, i might add. meeting daniel (i am avoiding calling this a date), is a symptom of things being wrong, and it has a slight taste of revenge, too. of the "he does that, so i can do that, too" -variety. which is wrong, and feels wrong, but i still do it. which in itself says a million things already. got stuff to do: need to unpack further, need to go shopping for groceries and eat (or if I don't eat, i might be incoherent and silly by 9:30), need to write some mail, need to shower because 5 hours on a train full of dutch pensioners make me feel yucky, need to... enjoy myself tonight. will do all that.

 weisst du nicht genau, dass ich leicht entflammbar bin? du loescht das feuer mit benzin.

 i'm at the parents. my mother welcomed me on wednesday with compliments on my weight loss, and the suggestion that the only thing needed to perfect me now was liposuction on my hips. thank you, mother. she didn't get how horrible her suggestion was, and how upset and hurt i have been and still am, because she keeps commenting on parts about my body she deems wrong and faulty, and needing fixing. i got rather loud with her this morning, when she told me to look at her at the breakfast table, and then proceeded to advise me that my eyebrows were "overplucked". she started sulking after i told her i neither wanted nor needed her criticism. today being a public holiday, the parents and i drove to holland for some shopping (a family ritual on good friday), and my father tried to calm the atmo by buying me a printed marc aurel shirt i loved, but could not afford. i wish he had better ways of showing support for me. you know, like talking. despite that, i'm well. very well. all is still strange and good and changing and awesome, and i love it. it's so exciting, this life thing!

 life things have changed, in subtle ways, and i like it a lot. i had a non date on monday, with daniel, an ashtanga teacher who's running a class i am interested in. it was fun: i was attracted to him, quite violently (i felt like licking each and ever freckle on his slender body), even though he really isn't "my type", whatever that is anyway. however, what remained after the shared coffee was the realisation that there's someone else who i'd much prefer having had coffee with, and kissing on the cheek afterwards. last night after yoga, tina and i sat on the balcony drinking rigos, kristofer astrom crooning the 11 minute glory that "you don't know how good you are" is. the moon came up over the roofs, bats were flying, and we mostly sat in silence, being awed by the evening sky and the changing lights and the cathedral and martin's gate iluminated for night. i haven't been happier in years, even though life is so in flux, so confusing right now. nothing seems sure or secure right now, and as unbelievable as that is, it feels good: no matter what will be, it will be, and it'll be good.

 life is scary, and grande, and exciting, and pretty damn good.

 i fell in love today. i was browsing the racks of my favourite cd store, when a song they played struck *something* in me, hit a nerve, a feeling, that was so intense i literally stormed to the bloke at the cash register, who helped me try to figure out what song it was, and bought the cd. i fell in love with urlLink kristofer astrom's voice and singing. the cd is "leaving songs" and each and every one of them is a piece of fucking brilliance, which hits what i feel, way too well. creepy. but fucking awesome. music to listen to at night, in summer, on a deck out towards the forest, drinking wine, in the company of someone you intensely like. the waiting list for that position is open. any applications? now off for the non-date. or something. what an interesting day so far.

 the pro-lifers were on the main pedestrian mall again yesterday. just like the day before. it's unusual to see them out on the streets round here. this is germany: the big old abortion debate is settled, has been settled, for a decade. sorry, seems it me that you've missed these latest development. you can pack up those 30 year old colour photos of saline abortions and go now. oh, and don't forget the little plastic foetuses. a bit more than 10 years ago, there was much turmoil about abortion. the german democratic republic had completely unregulated abortion: you wanted one, you got it, -at least within the first trimester. the federal republic of germany had abortion under "indications", reasons that made abortion permissible. those included -among others- a "criminal", "medical" as well as a "social" indication, which obviously enabled every woman to get an abortion if desired. after much debate, parliament decided that while abortion should be a criminal offence, it will not be prosecuted if it happens within the first trimester, and after unbiased pregnancy crisis counselling three days before the procedure. so while abortion is technically illegal, and while it can be awfully difficult for women in the country to get pregnancy crisis counselling (especially since the catholic church disallowed catholic counselling services to offer pregnancy crisis counselling for abortion purposes), it works reasonably well, planned parenthood and even the women's group on the furthest of the left have stopped campaigning for completely unregulated abortion: germany is still a highly christian country, - it just won't happen. when i saw those pro-lifers for the first time on friday, realising who they were, and what they were doing, and which pictures they were showing, i felt rage rise inside me. they had the full deal, you know? the plastic foetuses. those posters of bloody, cut up foetuses. that picture of tiny foetal feet between adult fingers. a cardboard tombstone for the dead babies. references to genocide. the usual propaganda. they were well organised. they had one of the best spots the town rents to people who want to put up stalls in the pedestrian mall. organised they were, those pro-lifers. on friday, an old man offered me a pamphlet, and all i could say, in passing, was "no, i don't need your propagandistic lies, thank you." yesterday, coming out of migros, i was tempted to argue with them, all looking so holy when approaching passer-bys (and there were many. this is a major town, at noon on a saturday), especially young girls. i was very tempted, actually. i wasn't just tempted because i wanted to challenge the misinformation they were spreading. not just because most people at the stall were middle-aged men who apparently feel more of a right to decide about my body than me. not just because of the goriness of the propaganda in which they wallowed. not just because i wanted to tear apart their pseudo-arguments. not just because of their sorrow-filled, mournful eyes. you know why? i thought about a woman i know from gym. i haven't seen her since december. she was a bit more than 3 months pregnant back then. when she first told me she was pregnant, in early november, she told me she hadn't wanted to get pregnant, but now it had happened, she was happy and excited and wholeheartedly wanted the kid, her second. she started to show very early, and we talked about her pregnancy a lot, when under the showers after our workout. because she's already in her late 30's, in late november, she had an amniocentesis that she had been scared about for 6 weeks prior. after not seeing her for 2 weeks after the amniocentesis, i remember the sunday morning we met at the gym in early december, shortly before i went off to australia. the minute i saw, her, i knew something wasn't okay. and i was right. the amniocentesis had had an okay result, but the ultrasound which they did at the same time, had not been okay. the baby had been diagnosed with urlLink congenital diaphragmatic hernia , a hole in the diaphragm through which the internal organs move into the chest cavity, preventing normal growth of the lungs. she had started to show so early, because she had polyhydramnios, too much amniotic fluid; a common complication when the baby has cdh. she told me she had been told the prospects were grim at best and that she'd have to wait another three weeks, till the first week of january, for another ultrasound. that ultrasound would show whether there was hope the defect could be surgically dealt with after birth, or whether it was so severe that the baby would be born without any lungs at all. in case of the latter diagnosis, she and her husband had decided to terminate the pregnancy. - at the time of the second ultrasound, she would have been 19 weeks along. she was heartbroken, but bravely talking about it, and about how she was trying to not think at all, to not worry at all, to distract herself by preparing christmas with her daughter. i was shocked and heartbroken, too, unable to find the right words to say. i kept looking at her belly, trying to imagine what it must be like for her to be pregnant, being unsure whether she would still be pregnant three weeks from now. we had talked about her amniocentesis before; she was sure she could not handle a disabled child. i was weary, and during our discussions i realised that right now i don't think i could ever choose a late term abortion based on a disability for myself. i hope that whenever i decide to become a mother, i will accept my child as it is - disabled, as well. how would i feel, what would it mean if i terminated a pregnancy because the kid has down's syndrome? i know so many people with down's who lead such happy, fulfilling lives... in any way, i thought about her when seeing the gruesome images the pro-lifers had on show. i haven't seen her since december, no one at the gym has. i thought about her lots while i was in australia, sending good thoughts her way, hoping all would be well. it might mean all turned out as best as possible, the defect hadn't worsened in those three weeks, and she's still pregnant right now, preparing for the birth and doubtlessly complicated aftermath and hence not working out. it could however, just as well mean that all was as bad as it looked, that she terminated in early january, and can't face all who had commented on her pregnancy in gym. i don't know. if she has terminated, i wonder what she would have felt seeing those images at the pro-lifer's stall. i wondered whether those self-righteous middle aged men gave a damn about women like her, about women at all, women who had to make a decision they really didn't want, never wanted to make in the first place i wonder whether they really think that a woman ever has an abortion, "just because", light-heartedly. they all obviously have never seen the women in the waiting room at planned parenthood, waiting for their appointments for pregnancy crisis counselling. i saw them, every day i volunteered, sometimes looking after their kids, reading out to them, while the women were talking to susan. they were diverse, those women, of all ages, all social groups, some very much like me, others completely different. what united them was that they were all scared, all worried, pale, unsure. none of them was elated or happy about the decision they were about to make, but all at least had the chance to make that decision for themselves. how can those middle aged man be serious about wanting to take that choice away from them? why do they think they have the right to force a woman to give birth to a child that will not survive because of a physical defect, or to give birth to a child when their life situation just does not allow for a child at the moment? i don't get it. i walked past their stall, feeling the rage, but not the energy to tell them the story of the woman at gym, the women in the waiting room at planned parenthood, how great choice is, and what a great tool the "lord" they so praise has given us: the mind, a mind to make decisions with. i looked at them all, at their propaganda, briefly, - and walked past. i don't want to walk past them, silently, ever again, the more i think about it. and i won't.

 sitting at my computer, drinking poor quality cocktail substitutes and listening to tex perkins, i think about kissing you.

 urlLink first shock & awe. now a game of poker.

 urlLink something for kate will be in germany next month. i'm in shock. they'll be supporting -and it pains me to write this- urlLink silverchair . yes, something is wrong about that, indeed. the two concerts on german soil are far away (hamburg and berlin), but that would have been manageable, i would have travelled to hamburg; much worse: they are sold out. hundreds of unworthy germans will get to see and hear mr.dempsey, and it won't mean a thing to them. and i, something for kate's most devout fan in mainland europe, won't be there to stand in the first row, look him in the eyes and silently lip-synch every single line of every single song. duh. the sfk website promises touring in the uk in late may, early june. - maybe i can sneak off to see the brother in london *and* mr. depsey at the same time? hmmmm. (speaking of seeing mr.dempsey: urlLink something for kate: visual recording diary )

 my mother told my 92 year old grandmother today, that klaus died. first my grandma expressed sadness about his death because he was so young (63). then she said the following, obviously finding comfort in it. "he was a good catholic, and believed in god and in heaven, so i am sure he is in heaven now. and of course, he had a lot of money, too, so he'll have the most beautiful, most expensive coffin."

 urlLink fridayfive 1. what was the first band you saw in concert? it was october 1991, it was the phillipshalle in duesseldorf, and the band was roxette, who i didn't even like very much when the concert came along. less than a year later, in june 1992, i made up for roxette by seeing u2 for the first time, in dortmund. it was a religious experience. 2. who is your favorite artist/band now? i never had, and never will have just one favourite musical artist or band. the first that come to mind right now are those i've listened to these last few days: something for kate, the notwist, the whitlams, serge gainsbourg, robbie williams, u2. 3. what's your favorite song? again, i never had, and never will have just one favourite song. today, the song i keep putting on repeat is jasmin tabatabai's "absence makes the heart beat". this week, i've also been particularly attracted to "no aphrodisiac" by the whitlams and "the scientist" by coldplay. earlier in the week, i burned some compilation cds, and all those songs have been with me all week, and i haven't grown tired of them yet. 4. if you could play any instrument, what would it be? the piano. it's so smart, and sexy and seductive. in a perfect world, i could play it like keith jarrett. *sigh* 5. if you could meet any musical icon (past or present), who would it be and why? bono. if he's busy saving the third world, i'd settle for john lennon.

 one of my dad's best friends died late last night, after urlLink being very sick for a whole year. he is the first in my dad's group of friends to die, and that's why his death hits awfully close to home. he was hard-working, and hard. he was highly focused, and merciless sometimes. he had a successful career, a marriage that lasted 39 years until his death, three kids and three grandchildren. he was a devout catholic who believed in heaven. he always wanted to be first with everything, he was the first to start playing golf, the first to have a driver, the first to have a million in the bank, now he is the first to die. i hope you're resting peacefully, urlLink klaus .

 urlLink missjenjen has cystitis and meets tex perkins in the process. urlLink tex! perkins!

 urlLink the ultimate misogynist mindfuck. ever. a rant in honour of labia love

 the phone rang at 7am this morning. it was the boy: he booked a flight and will arrive in frankfurt at 5:55am on the 17th of july. he has three weeks holidays, and will be round here for two. he'll be out in the country hospital till then, and hence apparently can not leave on his last day of work, or the next for that matter, and hence also wants 3 days back in Australia before starting work. two weeks is a very short time to be together, especially for us. especially right now. in addition to that, experience has shown that the boy needs that amount of time to get used to us being together to start with. he told me i should thank his best mate santa who apparently "talked him into booking" monday night by giving him the exact same reasons i've given these past weeks. knowing this makes it all quite anti-climactic. why does my opinion not count? why does he need to be "talked into" this in the first place? am i not enough of a reason? does he even want to come here? i have doubts. - have had them ever since the meltdown. i wonder whether they will ever go away. can i trust him, ever again? i should be happy and excited, but this feeling of sadness and dissapointment is here instead. and that's just strange. absence makes the heart beat ~jasmin tabatabai~ all this time i kept wondering dearly where you'd go and how you are never knowing how to think clearly never cared whether you're too far never thinking that the world might spin too fast for i keep hanging on nothing there to wonder if to last cause you might just move one don't look up always look back cause i guess absence makes the heart beat just look up never look back if you wish that we'll ever meet after a while something's creeping up slowly you keep moving and i stand still try forgetting not to be so lonely i try moving and you keep still just afraid that the world might spin too fast cause i keep hanging on sometimes knowing that there's nothing left to last while you might just move on

 urlLink

 "Harry, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret. Everyday - once a day - give yourself a present. Don't plan it, don't wait for it, just let it happen. It could be a new shirt in a men's store, a cat-nap in your office chair, or two cups of hot black coffee." Agent Cooper , Episode 6 urlLink laura palmer's secret diary . it's great to relive the good old twin peaks days.

 urlLink the apathetic online journal entry generator

 i'm at the laundromat, burning cd compilations. it's such a tricky, delicate task. you know, i'm a urlLink kassettenmaedchen as defined by urlLink benjamin von stuckrad-barre in the short story of the same name from 1996. have always been, will always be. however, every once in a while i've been on the other side of the tape making thing, too, and made attempts at doing bait-type mixes to lure boys i liked. frank is in posession of the best one i ever made. and thorsten just taped mine over, the idiot. however, generally speaking, while i enjoy mixing stuff for people i like, i'm far more comfortable at the receiving end, being a true kassettenmaedchen. it's so stressful, preparing a cd or tape for someone, especially for a perfectionist like me. song selection! song order! the eternal question: are two songs by one artist on one compilation okay? is there an exception from the rule if they are from different albums? is there an exception when two songs are sung by the same singer, but were published solo and with band? what message does this thing have? do i want this to have a message at all? what should the ratio between comfortably old and possibly known (and maybe hated?) and fresh new stuff be? will the recipient be able to handle a song by serge gainsbourg? is this whole thing not terribly boring? don't those songs all sound the same? isn't this more about me then about finding music the recipient will like? what if the recipient hates this? compiling a cd or a tape is very personal. a bit like undressing in front of a soon to be bed partner for the first time, when you're not sure (s)he's loving you enough already to not care about the not so perfect body bits. or like telling a deep dark secret in a very fresh friendship. the scary part is, that i won't be even in the room (or on the same continent, for that matter) when this cd is being listened to, and i won't see first hand whether any songs will be fast forwarded or skipped or whether there'll be cringing action at the serge gainsbourg song or maybe even at something for kate or whether this will make the recipient smile and interested in more of this. when undressing, you can at least prepare the scene, with good lightning and easy to get out clothing and a generous amount of alcohol to be consumed before and during. with secret telling, you get both verbal and non-verbal clues from the person you're talking to, and can pull the handbrake, when you realise it's not the right time yet. but this cd compiling is one way communication, with time delay. once it's burned and send off, there's no way to change it. eeeep!

 i'm happy, you know? it's strange, how i suddenly noticed that it's here, this happiness, and how it has sticked around for days now. i'm not used to this. sure, not everything is perfect right now, some stuff is far from, actually, but this strange acute happiness syndrome has lasted through a massive hangover, a session with dr.k, study related stresses, boy stresses, time flying by and me getting maybe half the stuff done i need to get done (but maybe that's just because i'm enjoying myself, who knows), a few things that aren't usually that good. so it's still here, this happiness, and that just fuckin' rocks. you know, it's friends that make me so happy. i've realised again that starting up, and deepening and developing friendships is a bit (and sometimes exactly) like having a crush. not only do you get some newrelationshipenergy(TM), you're also anxiously trying to figure out whether there might actually be *something* of substance after all. or whether that substance is still there. i can't put into words what i missed these years, with tina and me seperated and without contact. in a way, we picked our friendship up where we left it. i realised the other day, that we are so similar in some regards that it hurts. while we've not worked through everything that went bad then and are still sometimes tripping around issues, and while it's sad that it took us so long to get back to what we've got, there's not a moment of regret we didn't catch up earlier, but an allcovering happiness about us having reconciled. and it's good. i needed a galpal here. there's another not so brand-new friendship that's lately been deepening with novel-like emails which are exhausting to write, but feel fabulous to send off and receive. they make me awfully happy, too, even when those novels are sad and make me wish to give his 7-year-old-self a big fat squeeze and tell him he should hit back, and that even if he won't, all will be fine in 15 years, and he'll get through alright and be a rockin' kind of bloke. it's all very good, and i feel very much cared for, and that rocks. then there's kathrin, who i met at gym yoga. we've been chatting, and to the sauna, and we met both yesterday and today to work out, which has been good. with her, i'm most curious whether we have more in common than just our interest in yoga and the same gym. we're in two quite different spots, admittingly: she's from the former east, and i'm west; she's married (nice hubbie!), i'm partnered (and in turmoil, still); she's a physio, i study (and she's got awful respect for that, which she just shouldn't); she's trying to conceive and i'm nowhere near that. nonetheless it's been cool so far: we're both willing, and interested, and we'll see. exciting! there's the "boys" at the laundromat, too, just a 2 minute walk away anytime i need a free coffee, a burned cd and a few caresses for my ego. on thursday, when i unsuccessfully burned a few cds there, reza (who runs the copy shop next door) came in, and proclaimed me the ideal woman every man wanted. i told him it was just because of my curves and muscly roundness, and padded my thigh. to that he quickly jumped over to my computer and admiringly weighed and padded my thigh, too. hm. i've got a good firm thigh these days. :) dieter offers more than friendship every single day anyway, but i wonder whether he wouldn't decline if i took him up on it (which i just wouldn't do, ever). marco does that, too. but i don't mind. no matter what, it's fab to be a local somewhere and to always be welcome, and it makes me feel at home in this city. -which i just haven't felt in years, actually. and there's so many more: the yoga people, kitto and heather and brianna and some more scarleteeners, some more blog folks, like stuart (who i owe multiple emails, still) and lastly, my other tina in faraway austria, and i miss her, and can't believe i haven't seen her in 9 months, and wish her penty of good stuff, and that all will go well at tuesday's exam. generally, i feel quite well looked after right now by my friends, and that's a feeling i haven't had in a while. spring being here, helps, too. it popped up from nowhere, the green stuff, sometime last week, and now it's everywhere the hills around the city are brightly and violently light green, today the skies are blue, there are primroses on my balcony (yellow and pink), and while it's chilly, it's fresh and nice outside, and i realise i can't wait for summer. further happiness is caused by plain old feeling good in my body. it's still a new thing for me sometimes, liking my body, but right now, i do, and do so muchly. this morning, kathrin, hubbie matthias and i went to a spinning class, which i hadn't done in ages. the bloke who ran it did it fabulously: we were put in groups, and chased and lead, and for a while had to imagine being urlLink domestiques and do a little maneuver including falling back to the team car, getting water, then pedaling all the front to the peleton to reach our team leader. 25 minutes into the class, the endorphine high kicked in. i kept imagining urlLink tour de france scenes, i was pedalling away full power and awfully, awfully happy for being healthy, and able to do this, and being with friends and having fun. when we had finally reached our hilltop and were on the final descend, the bloke who ran it told us to imagine a great descens, and i closed my eyes and saw and felt a perfect descend in the pyrrhenes, plenty of curves, wind, views, valleys. it was perfect, and like meditation. and as usual, by the end of an hour on the spinning bike, i was full of admiration for urlLink lance and every other pro rider: my bum hurts so much after this one hour, it's agony. so good no one's here to ask for sex of the intercourse kind right now, it'd be impossible. i urgently need padded pants if i want to do spinning more regularly again, to prevent serious bruising and blood flow problems to happen. oh well. it still rocked, and rocked muchly. to end this happiness register for now, i indulged yesterday, and purchased a tub of urlLink http://www.usa.thebodyshop.com/web/tbsus/products/us_products_detail.jsp?curr_category=TBSUS_body_body_butter&parent_category=TBSUS_body&itemID=TBSUS34557&is_mac=false">body shop mango body butter and now smell and feel totally soft and edible and all over the body lickable, that i do wish someone was here to do just that, after all. now i got to hurry: dinner at tina's place, and i still need to change into something presentable. life is so bloody good right now. (regarding happiness: leaving cnn turned off and putting the head into the desert sand for a little while, helps, too.)

 browsing urlLink personals feels just like shopping on urlLink ebay .

 urlLink donald rumsfeld: poetry.

 here in caroville, we're a bit tired and trying to avoid self-pity, which is so embarrasing when the reason for feeling poor has been self induced. i'm feeling great, despite being tired (as one is after 2 hours of sleep, - a 2 hour afternoon nap can't make up for a whole night, i guess) and drained by whatever is still left of this hangover of mine. tina and i had a fabulous time last night: on top of a brillant yoga class during which i managed to do a headstand, in the middle of the room, and hold it, came episode #3 of the thornbirds, plenty of vino, and above all, lots and lots of high quality girl talk. for the uninitiated: episode 3 is the best of the series, mainly because it's the culmination point of ralph (the priest) and meggie's relationship. and because those sex scenes were the first i ever saw on the telly i guess. and they are actually not that bad, either. tina and i squealed with delight at some of the overly dramatic scenes and squealed some more when ralph finally breaks his vows and "turns into a real man" when he has has sex with meggie and talks about finally feeling "whole" during afterglow. awwww. you know, that's what i want, soppy, overly romantic that i am: sex as the union of two people, despite all odds. tina and i, we had an extraordinary amount of red wine, both during and after the episode, and when the vino was gone, proceeded to salvage the last alcoholic beverages in my fridge, too, a process during which we realised that "rigo" by bacardi is nothing but a poor cocktail substitute for bogans and white trash, and a way to seduce young-uns to consume booze. we talked until about 4 in the morning, both crawled into my bed, and once we finally managed to stop talking, slept. tina for quite a while, me only until 5am, when i had to get up for a scheduled urlLink scarleteen staff discussion. i wonder how i managed to type coherently, but i did, and it was a fruitful, worthy discussion. i crawled back into bed and slept another hour till i had to get up for therapy. took quite a bit of effort to get going: there's a rule to not go to therapy intoxicated, so i showered till no hot water was left and until i felt i could think straight, put on make-up and started to feel at least sort-of alright again. therapy was quite okay, even though i am still not sure -as mentioned before- it's actually useful to talk about the boy at the moment, with anyone. i can't say i enjoy someone basically telling me i deserve better, and that he thinks evan is doing this because he's under too much pressure to really leave me, for an hour a week. i still got my mind set on giving the boy some slack for now, because this is a major life change for him, and wait and see what happens when he comes over in summer and then we'll take it from there. he started looking at flights this week, too. which is good. after therapy, tina and i brunched extensively for hours at my place, and then shopped a bit and just had an overall lovely girl time, which i missed so much, both in general, and specifically with her, too. so silly that we split for 3 years, about nothing (aka a bloke). we always were each others support nets, and when we went our own ways, both crashed. here's to hoping we can get back on track together, too. not sleeping alone was nice, too, even though it was tina (aka a girl, who i like, but not in that way, most of the time), and there was hence little cuddling. no matter what, bed company is lovely, and having someone there for brekkie was, too. so all was good and splendid, and an enjoyable time was had by all. it feels like our friendship is fully back on track, which is so good for my sanity and happiness and everything. i tried to be efficient this afternoon, but to no avail, so i went to bed, and felt good about that, too, and woke up when the boy called, which was cool, too. overall, i'm tired, and hangovered (hmmmm.. aspirin and diet coke with lemon -the best ever- is a good relief, i'm just discovering) but awfully, awfully happy and levelled and just content with life. all very much needed, that trashy tv and vino and girl talk. now food. not because i'm terribly hungry, but because my stomach is still all fuzzy, and because an old fashioned (not terribly healthy, but great) comfort food dinner of fish fingers, new potatoes and spinach to be followed by hagen dasz macadamia nut brittle will make life even better.

 urlLink friday five . 1. how many houses/apartments have you lived in throughout your life? 6. my parent's house. the flat i shared in unitown when i first started uni. the flat in unitown where i currently live. for shorter periods of time, i've lived in my host family's house in christchurch, new zealand, evan's parent's house in melbourne and evan's new house. 2. which was your favorite and why? while i like my parent's home, i like my current flat most: it's comfy, home, mine, centrally located, and just cool. i could do with a bath tub, though. and flatmates would be nice, too, but that's impossible here. 3. do you find moving house more exciting or stressful? why? stressful. when moving from the shared flat into this one, we totally miscalculated the effort involved in renovating this place, and the day we had booked the moving truck, nothing was packed. my dad and i were still laying new carpet when my mom and two of my friends packed and drove my stuff here. that's never going to happen ever again. 4. what's more important, location or price? it's a mix of both. living in the middle of the city centre right now, i know i'll find it hard to ever not life in such a great location. however, sometimes it's just not affordable. which this place thankfully is though. 5. what features does your dream house have (pool, spa bath, big yard, etc.)? good sized yard and porches and an outdoor entertainment area wit bbq. great location in a cool neighbourhood. oversized bathtub with spa. built-in-robes. wooden floors. high ceilings. character.

 am still a bit sicklish. have had so much licorice tea and sage bons i'll throw up if i have any more. i decided to test the healing properties of some gallo zinfandel: tonight it's episode #3 of the thornbirds, and tina's coming over again to share both the wine and the movie with me, watching richard chamberlain and raquel welch consummate their love on a queensland (really though a hawaiian) beach. my life is just way to boring, isn't it? i should be out there screwing catholic priests (or at least my very own boy who doesn't seem to care about me, thank you very much) on beaches myself, shouldn't it?

 kitsy killed herself in the laundry. kitsy being the previous person to rent the house evan shares with susie and anna. it happened 6 months ago and the laundry in question is *the* laundry, in *the* house. yes, the laundry that had a surprising amount of insects that seemed to come from nowhere when we first cleaned the place just before christmas. the laundry that goes off from their big kitchen. i'm not surprised. evan's right-hand neighbour, an adorable lady called sue, had taken me out on a guided tour through town and for lunch and coffee back in january, and had told me about the people who had lived in evan's house before. of kitsy, she had spoken in the past tense, had instructed me to give any mail for kitsy to yet another neighbour who would "send it home to kitsy's mom in the us" , and uttered lots that basically described kitsy as a mentally ill, drug abusing woman in her thirties, who had had an abundance of problems, who couldn't look after her young son, who lived with his dad in melbourne. i can't put down what exactly made me believe kitsy had killed herself, but i just got the vibe from it all. i never asked sue outright whether kitsy had committed suicide, but the night after sue had taken me out, i told evan about my impression that kitsy had killed herself. and indeed, she has. in the laundry. the left-hand neighbour, a bloke i never met, saw evan yesterday and noticed his cast, and asked whether he, had fallen prey to the "spell that's on the house", which - according to him- had caused multiple broken bones, and well "then the suicide, too". so evan asked "which suicide?" and left-hand neighbour was way too happy to share the details of kitsys death. what an idiot, indeed. it's unclear whether kitsy actually intended to kill herself or not. - she died of a drug overdose. it apparently took a few days until she was discovered, in the laundry, because she had led such an isolated life. susie is freaked about this having happened in her house a mere 6 months ago and wants to move out now. apparently, when susie walked into the house for the first time, with the real estate agent and evan and two more friends, she didn't like it at all and felt that something was wrong about it. fact is, i never thought the house had a particularly good vibe, either. it's a pretty place in a great location, but i wouldn't have chosen it, for the beige carpets, and the curtains and the vibe - it felt loveless, sterile, not lived in, and i had somehow gotten the impression that the departure had been very sudden and sloppy. i can't put my finger on what exactly gave me that impression... maybe the forgotten buddha in the backyard, maybe the coat hangers in the built in robes, maybe the nails in the walls. something about the house felt like someone other then the person living there had packed, which was -as it turns out- the case after all. i specifically didn't like the kitchen on first entrance. the entire right hand side of it, the one where the laundry door is. it just didn't feel very comfortable at all, from the very first moment, when the house was still empty. - it got even worse when susie had put her ugly giant table in that part of the room. - i preferred having meals in the living room or outside. i talked about it back then, too, how it felt sterile and cold and empty. which it did. i always left the door to the laundry open, because the glass door from the laundry to the backyard would bring some extra light into that bad-chi corner of the kitchen. i tried to repair the broken french blinds on the laundry backyard door for even more light, but failed. in contrast to that, susie always closed the door to the laundry. in 35 degree weather, she attempted drying her clothes in the cool, closed laundry. i always dried the clothing outside in the backyard, leaving all doors open to let the sun and air (and the urlLink spiders ) in. probably all just coincidental, really, combined with me being sensitive to the feel of the place, nothing more. i don't believe in ghosts, at all. never have, never will. i don't think life and death and this world function this way. i do believe in life energy of some form, call it chi if you want. - and something about the chi of the kitchen and laundry wasn't right, who knows why. while i was there, i tried to fix whatever gave the kitchen and laundry a bad chi, not knowing what exactly was wrong. but now that i do know, what was wrong, that someone had died, and others had packed, doesn't change a thing about my feelings for the house in general. it's a bnice house in a great location, and even though i wouldn't have picked it myself, i would live there, despite the carpets, despite the curtains, despite kitsy's death. actually i find it quite sad that there were no real markers about what had happened. about who kitsy was. there were no clues, no real leftovers of kitsy's life, apart from aforementioned buddha figure, the coat hangers and the mail and the magazines (esquire, time, shipped from the us) that kept arriving for her. the little she impacted the house, the little she impacted those around her, apparently, living in seclusion. she hardly left an imprint on those who lived around her and didn't let them. - sue apparently tried hard to connect to her but for her left-hand neighbour bloke she was apparently no one, nothing. - otherwise he wouldn't have abused her for the poor joke and an attempt to scare evan with the "spell that's on the house". how ridiculous. i googled kitsy in an effort to find out more, to no avail. why be scared because you know someone died in the house? why be scared because it might have been suicide? the only drama about this all is how sad and depressed and alone kitsy must have been in this pretty place, in that pretty suburb, in that town, with such a great neighbour like sue next door. it's sad she either decided or by accident took too much of whatever poison was her choice. that's the entire drama of this, nothing else. it startles me, that susie is so freaked now. if the death of a person in a certain room affects her that much, how can she even enter the hospital every day? i'm also startled that evan started talking about fear at night and ghosts. sure, i don't live in the house right now, but what's this all about? sure, the house's vibe wasn't great in my opinion, but evan always loved it, and never had a doubt about it, ever. so why now, i wonder? because of someone dying? and i wonder whether hearing of a death that happened to someone we never knew in our home has such a shock value because we're so far removed from the beginnings and ends of life these days. we are born and we die in hospitals. anything besides that is out of order. i'm not trying to make suicide sound like normal death. it isn't. i can wholeheartedly understand anyone instantly wanting to move out of the home where a family member killed her/himself. a schoolmate of mine found his dad in the cellar after he had shot himself in the head. a long-time friend of my mom died several years ago in a suicidal looking situation (she had been an alcoholic and had been on a binge mixed with meds and had then gotten a heart attack), naked on her kitchen floor. not wanting to live in a house or flat where someone you've loved was so desperate, so lost, is something i can understand, wholeheartedly. and as mentioned before, being human, i feel compassion for kitsy, who was so lost and desperate in her home, too, which is now evan's home. however, kitsy's death, no death ever spoils a place. plenty of people kill themselves by throwing themselves from sydney harbours south head, or jumping from melbourne's westgate bridge. - it changes people's thoughts about a place, but does not change a place, per se. whether that's good or bad is debatable. i recently read alice sebold's "the lonely bones" in which ruth feels places where women were killed...for her, passing by places where lives were ended is unbearable. i'll never forget visiting sachsenhausen concentration camp with my blind mate ben. it was a ghastly cold winter day, and the impact it had was visual, physical and emotional. i read out something for the group we were there with, and cried, because it affected me so much. ben, however, despite what i read out, despite what he knew had happened there, felt that sachsenhausen was peaceful. he couldn't see the barracks, the writings in the gate, the images of the bodies in the underground cellars. he knew they were there, touched the barracks, the ovens, but overall to him, being unable to see it, sachsenhausen felt peaceful, holy, sacred. - sachsenhausen being a place were thousands of people were tortured, killed and burned. the atrocities had not changed the feel of the place for a blind visitor. kitsy isn't a ghost sneaking around the house. there are no sad memories of her around, which -as i've mentioned, is sad in its own way. i think the strangeness, the lack of flow, of chi in that part of the house (and some other areas, too) came mainly from the lovelessness of the house, caused by her death and the move arranged by others in a haste. the house still had that lovelessness after evan and susie had moved in with all that furniture they hated, with all the mixed-upness and lack of loving and care and those beige carpets and curtains. while i was there, i tried hard to get rid of it with cleaning and care and straightening, but some things, you can not change with that alone. my flat had a lovelessness about it, too, when i first had a look at it. - the girl who lived here before me was very unhappy, got unexpectedly pregnant in here (but is happy now: saw her and her daughter a little while ago), broke up from her abusive boyfriend. i changed it rapidly, with all the love my dad and i put into it when renovating, with all the colour i put in. it's my place now, completely mine. the fact someone else was unhappy here doesn't mean i have to be unhappy, too. quite sad that evan's house will now never be a love-filled space, with susie hating it for no other reason but it being the place of kitsy's death.

 how does it feel to be on my mind?

 i'm back in the world of tricyclic antidepressants. i always vowed i'd never return, but here i am, willing to give them a try, once more. i went to a new doc today, the one zuza recommended, and after a short but good consultation, left with a presciption for 25mg urlLink elavil and some peppermint oil for my urlLink http://my.webmd.com/content/healthwise/56/13872">tension-type headaches . so i was spot on in my self-diagnosis and expected treatment. the dosage is low: i am supposed to take 25mg, at night. - that is a third of the lowest dose given for the treatment of depression. outside a clinical setting, the lowest dosage is 75mg, the highest recommended dosage is 300mg, so i really am taking very very little here. i am supposed to rub the oil into my temples when the headache kicks in, and that felt surprisingly good today already. i am not allowed to use any otc pain medication, no more aspirin. i need to call in and ask whether some naproxen will be fine though - i'll get my period next week, and usually need some then (usually one dosage a day); but who knows, maybe using my spanking new divacup will change that. i wonder whether it'll work, this tricyclic approach. urlLink it *is* up-to-date treatment for headaches , one of the latest trends, and i am actually quite happy i got this prescription, not some silly recommendation of "relaxing more" or something. the doc seemed knowledgable, the entire practice is specialised in both pain treatment, migraines, and depression. apparently, i am supposed to notice a change within 4 or 5 days . - the doc told me to schedule another appointment by mid-week if i don't notice an improvement till then, and to keep a headache diary. i wonder whether i'll get side effects, too. last time, 3 years ago on doxepin, they were terrible. i need to watch my food intake and exercise even more to make sure i keep them at bay. hopefully this little bit of meds will only have little side effects, too. i hated the dizziness, and the weight gain and the blood pressure troubles. the more i think about it, the more i realise i actually wouldn't mind a full blown antidepressant prescription right now that much, even though i'd be weary to use tricyclics on normal dosage again. i just worry so much about sliding back, with all this change and all the decisions i'll have to make these coming months. i know so much of my behaviour is still not normal, still not healthy, and my anxiety needs to be dealt with. i have not been too good at getting the most out of my therapy anyway. i know that if i really wanted a prescription, i could get it from the doc i saw today, but dr.k. would never approve. and do i really want it? wouldn't it be terrible to use medication as a safety net? i really am not that sure.

 "it's kind of hard to rush to your defence when i agree wholeheartedly with all that has been said you're cold, too self-assured by half controlled, like pouring water from a tap into a glass i'm not about to give you what you want 'cos i think you've had your own way now for far too fucking long it's gone sour, tastes bitter on my tongue spent hours wasting, wait for something good to come along if i knew then what i know now i guess i would have still have loved you (did you love me, did you know how?) it's funny but i love you now just like i loved you then, i can't pretend but that was how it started, this is how it ends and i've been on a steady downward slide but now i'm sick and tired of sick and tired it's time to make things right it's fine, i'm thinking of myself and mine and me, not you or them or anybody else" "that was how it started, this is how it ends" ~cinematic~

 i threw the roses and the bouquet away. well, i didn't exactly "throw" them, no tearing them apart, no burning, no anger involved. i put them into the dust bin downstairs, gently, the bouquet with the pin saying "nur die liebe zhlt" facing up. i closed and locked the bin. i wonder what the neighbour who will put something in there next will think. it felt and feels right, putting them away straight away, even though the empty spots at my bookshelf are painfully obvious.

 i am putting the last remaining symbols of our relationship away. "we're all over. and i'm all over town. we've got work here. tearing it down." it isn't that much: when i first started cleaning out and toning down to free my mind at the beginning of the month, a whole lot was put away already. today, the last photos went into a box. every image of melbourne that was on display in my flat went with them. my water heater and the magnetic whiteboard, which i use to stick pictures on, are almost unadorned now. the large framed aerial shot of melbourne is hidden in a plastic bag and waiting to be brought into the cellar, once it has been wrapped in some cushioning newspapers. i put away the compass he brought from thailand. "for i have a compass i watch the sundial and i defy gravity just to get myself back to you" . i need to find a new name for the blog. i changed all my passwords. the flowers will have to go tomorrow. there is a dozen dried roses i got from him before he left in early 2002. throwing them into a bin will be quite easy. the bouquet from urlLink nur die liebe zhlt , however, is not as easily dealt with. should that go into the cellar until i feel like getting rid of it for real or should i burn it straight away? i took it from the spot on the bookshelf where it has been hanging since we went on the show in january 2001. looking at my computer screen, i notice they are missing from my field of vision, these roses. they are dusty and smell a bit like honey. i put them back into their spot for now. - i will carry them downstairs tomorrow. for tonight, they can remain up there, where i don't notice them as much as if they are lying around, waiting to be brought out of this flat. - i know that i don't need them, i have the memories of that day, and images, yet i still cling to those roses. probably just because they are real, something i can touch, and smell, and hold on to. silly me. i can't and won't put the cds away. i will just have to watch what i listen to. coldplay's "warning sign" was background music in today's buffy episode. it made me cry. the two shirts, the grey suburban one i kept borrowing until he gave it to me, and the cookie monster one, will move into a corner of the wardrobe. i will keep the silk shawl from thailand around though. the jewellery will stay where it is, in the bathroom. i will not wear it. i haven't worn it in ages anyway. it was never really my style. i packed away the brochures and leaflets from various melbourne universities and from the department of immigration, too. that was the hardest thing to do. but i'll be fine. even though it hurts, this packing, even though i've been crying so hard my eyes are swollen beyond recognition, even though i've been scrunching up my face so terribly that my jaws hurt, even hough my head feels like it will explode, this is liberating. something is ending, something new beginning. i need to grieve right now. till now, i went along with the change without pausing for much thinking and for the sadness. even though it was over before today, it hadn't stopped for real, i hadn't stopped to recognize it was over. today, i stop, finally. i put life on hold to get this done and over with.

 an upside to things being over now is that i can finally stop glossing over the bad stuff, and be honest, for real. to myself, here in this blog, to my family, those around me. i re-read tonight what i wrote after returning in january, and can't believe how little i wrote, how i lied by leaving things out. why did i leave out the never-ending trouble with his family? why did i not write about how they announced we should not be speaking german in the house? why did i not write about how sad christmas was and how misplaced i felt? why did i never tell someone how much it hurt that we couldn't sleep in the same room when at his parents place? why did i leave out the dissappointment about evan taking jim along to the sapphire coast? why did i not write about being so exhausted by his criticism, how i could never be good enough, no matter how hard i tried to comply with his wishes? why did i not write about my insecurities and worries, about feeling misplaced and unable to keep up? why did i not write about how he told me not to come along to an event with his colleagues, because a girl would be there who looked like me, and "i'd hate her"? i wanted this relationship to be perfect, to look perfect. to myself, and others. (writing this, i think about him being with someone else, and while i wish that he will find someone who can make him happy, better than i could, it still hurts. he and i, we had something, and we don't anymore, i should let go. but why does it hurt so much?) with an ldr as extreme as this one, once people know you're in it, they somehow feel allowed to ask terribly personal questions, all the time. how is it going with your partner? isn't that hard, that distance? how to you manage, you know, sexually? are you seeing anyone else? when is he coming over? ain't that a terribly long time? these questions are there all the time. customers at the shop. former classmates. people from the exchange (who actually think we are married). people at gym. if people remember little about you, they do remember the 16.400km ldr and that you went on tv with it. i shared it openly in the good days, after all. when asking these questions, they never want to hear the truth; they want the glossed over version, the happy news, that you're the ones who manage. i always gave everyone the good news and the good news only, even to those who could have dealt with the truth, like my friends, or my family. i always smiled, and said thatall was well. i never told them how lonely my emigration plans were. that evan never even read the leaflets from the department of immigration. that he and his family recommended ways of me getting money to finance uni that were rude and insulting. i never mentioned to anyone how terrible things were when jen was still around. i never told anyone i didn't get to meet any of his friends the first time i was in melbourne. i never mentioned how little evan communicated. how i felt that if i just loved him enough, strongly enough, he would love me, too. but i can stop now. i can tell them it's over, and stop the lying through omission. i can stop it here at the blog, where i tried to convince myself all was well, and constructed an alternate reality, always expecting him to maybe start reading, one of these days. but he never did. no more glossing over. just the barenaked truth. how liberating.

 the only reason i still somehow wanted evan to come over in july, even though it was already over in so many ways, was so we would get to say goodbye properly. now the last time we were together will always be the goodbye in front of geelong hospital, the sunday i left in january. he had to work that day. i remember walking through the empty house afterwards, trying to leave an imprint, straightening things, putting up a photo of me on his nightstand. it felt like the final goodbye, flying out that day. it was over then, somehow, and i can't really say why or put my finger on why it felt that way. it just did, and i tried ignoring it. how strange. maybe that feeling, and the "is that all?" thoughts which came creeping up all the time i was there, were the reason why i became so clingy after returning, why i tried so hard to not loose track. fact is, things were over before today. they were over before i kissed someone other than him, and when that didn't feel like the end of an era, or the breaking of a spell, as i thought it would. they were over before i slept with someone else, even though sadness settled in after that happened, because i realised it was over, and had been over for a while, and because it felt like a new thing was starting. today was just the final blow, really, and i just wonder why he didn't falter at all. - very much not typical for him, to have an opinion, and a firm one at that. how strange.

 "ich hab grad zrtlich an dich gedacht wie du behutsam und ganz sacht mich total verrckt gemacht du kamst wann du wolltest gingst morgens um acht tausendundeine nacht ich hab dich lieb so lieb lieber als du denkst ich hab dich lieb solieb auch wenn du nicht an mir hngst du wolltest dich nicht an mich binden mich so lange wahren eine familie mit dir das war mein traum doch dir war's viel zu frh es gibt bestimmt doch auch bessere andere als mich du willst dich erst umsehen man weiss ja nie ich hab dich lieb so lieb lieber als je zuvor ich hab dich lieb so lieb ich nehm's halt mit humor ruf doch mal wieder an und erzhl mir, was du trumst ist ganz egal wann, berrasch mich komm her und sag dass du bleibst fr immer jetzt fr ewig oder mehr doch halt - ich muss wohl schon trumen jeder hat so seinen tick fr deine suche wnsch ich dir viel glck ich hab dich lieb so lieb ich hoffe du verzeihst ich hab dich lieb so lieb ich will nur noch dass du es weisst ich hab dich lieb so lieb lieber als je zuvor ich hab dich lieb so lieb ich nehm's halt mit humor" "ich hab dich lieb" ~herbert groenemeyer~ just in case you don't speak german: it's over with evan, for real. so i am single again, for real. and am not breaking any arrangements with anyone anymore. that's a good thing. while this end has been a long time coming, and should be (and soon will be) a relief, right now, i am very sad. saying goodbye to evan is saying goodbye to so many things, so many wishes and dreams and hopes and plans. i made so many mistakes i never want to make again. i will never let something like this happen to me ever again. now i truly have no definite plans for my life left anymore and can give my life a much needed new direction. it's sad, and grande, and scary, too.

 i was in a strange headspace last night. it's been a strange few days here, and i have constant headaches, way too many things i should be doing but which i don't get done, because time rushes by too quickly, and there are other things that annoy me to no end. - it's the usual: uni, the parents, evan. i feel like i will never get this degree, because i am such a failure. my mother treats me like i am 5 years old, and i let her do that. evan left some cryptic message, and i am not sure whether to react. i think i know these headaches are just tension headaches, caused by stress and worries (which i have, doubtlessly), and the fear that this might be my next bout of depression sneaked in. last time, headaches were the physical manifestation of my budding depression. last night, it all somehow culminated when i came home from watching matrix reloaded (which i -just for the record- still haven't formed a definite opinion on). i went with tina, who -i've realised again (how could i forget, really?)- apparently lives on a planet different than mine, so life felt lonely late last night, and i couldn't really reach out to the person i really longed to talk to, because there is no phone near him. no good. i am so bad at reaching out when i need someone, anyway. - i always make my needs smaller than they are. i did manage an email though, and was woken up, 30 minutes after going to bed, by a phone call, which made me smile, and life better. so life is a bit better today already. i talked to my mother this morning, and told her how difficult it was to tell her things, if doing so turned her into big brother. i arranged for a docs appointment for friday to get the headaches checked out. i worked out. i need to do stuff for myself, and not let others rule my life. so difficult though, when there's so much to do and deal with right now. so far, this week feels like a test whether i am indeed better, or whether the last weeks were mania after all.

 urlLink a plane with spanish peacekeepers on return from afhanistan crashed in turkey today. - i find them upsetting, these news. terribly upsetting, actually. for the next 15 months, i don't want to hear any bad news relating to peacekeepers, no matter where they are from or where they are serving. i would make a really terrible army wife.

 i'll have to write a thank you note to harilal, the yogacharya who taught the yoga-workshop that filled this weekend. apart from excellent asana practise, more than 3 hours on both days, he gave us several lectures on yoga and yoga-therapy. this afternoon, as we all sat around him, listening, me kneeling with a meditation pillow, silke leaning on me so that i could stroke her head (in my experience yoga and these kinds of weekends always make everyone touchy-feely in a very good way), harilal said something that was like he switched on a lightbulb inside my head. it wasn't a thought that is completely new to me, in fact, i had thought along similar lines before, but the way he phrased it was a revelation. we were talking about spirituality. the essence of what he said is this. "we don't need churches, mosques or temples. we should be spiritual everywhere we go, in everything we do. we should look after ourselves, our bodies, our minds at all times. our lives should be temples. our bodies should be temples. our homes and our families should be temples. if we do that, if we rest in our lives, our bodies, our families and our homes, we won't need anything else, we won't be rushing around looking for happiness and contentment anywhere else, with far-flung travels to other countries, with ever-changing things." bang. now here we have the reasons why i was so dead-set on emigrating to australia, why i held on to the relationship to evan with such fervor, even though i felt so lonely, and got so hurt, and doubted so much. three years ago my life wasn't a temple. it wasn't spiritual. i wasn't at home in my life, my body, in this city, with the people that surrounded me. - going away, searching for "salvation" and happiness in melbourne seemed better than what i had. until i met evan, i was never one to rely on a man, but with him, i did, and did so completely. - i clung to him, and a relationship that was faulty from the start, because it seemed like all would be lost if he was lost. falling in love with evan and making these extremely lonely emigration plans for these three years was not exactly conscious escapism, but being unable to see myself go on the way i lived back then definitely played a major role. when evan appeared on the scene, i suddenly had something to occupy myself with, an excuse for withdrawing myself from people, an excuse for not searching out better, healthier friends and making a career change. everything was suddenly solved - i'd "simply" go away. truth is, nothing was solved. - the problems just kept piling up, because i was so lonely, and so unhappy in so many ways. these days, my life is a lot better than it was for most of the past 3 1/2 years. - it surely feels like i am on the right track to being at home in my skin and my life again, to making both a temple. right now, the desire to live somewhere else, outside this country, this continent, is still there, but it has little to do with escapism and more with knowing i can be happy in many places, with many people, doing things i might not even think about yet. i does not have to be melbourne, with evan, no house in carlton or hawthorn, no ip law firm job. i've finally realised that the only way that going away and a relationship can ever work is when i am already happy with where i am and who i am. for emigration to be a good, healthy thing to do, it can not be about fleeing from a situation that is unbearable. for a relationship to work, it can not be clinging to someone for fear of not having anything left if i let go. thank you for making me realise that, harilal. namaste.

 i was wrong. a glass of pimms wasn't "the only thing that could make my life even better" yesterday evening. the purchase of a plane ticket that will ensure i will get to pick up urlLink someone at frankfurt airport at noon on june 21st did such a good job of making my life better that no amount of pimm's could measure up, ever.

 i just came home from the seminar, and it rocked, and i'll have another day like today tomorrow. my phone will ring in a few minutes, and someone with a great voice will be on the other end of the line. i'll make myself some super tasty warm mozzarella sammies later. the only thing that could make my life even better right now, now would be a urlLink pimm's cup (with half ginger ale, half lemonade), the main ingredient for which is not available here. thankfully, my dear brother is smuggling some urlLink # 1 into the country for my birthday. oh, i'm such a happy girl.

 i realised late last night, how much i value openess, honesty and capital r's. earlier last night, i realised how good it is to spend an evening in entertaining company. food and wine were good, discussions interesting. a good time was had by all. i'm happy. and now off to 6 hours of pranayama, asanas, meditation and mantras in the company of good friends. life is very good this side of the globe.

 tina and i will be entertaining guests tomorrow night: we have invited timo and paul for dinner. i used to regard both of them as mates, a few years ago. when i started uni, i did what the majority of young female law students did: i partied, and partied hard, at the local fraternities. tina and i, we weren't just casual party-goers, we were die hard regulars at one particular frat house, spending almost all of our weekends there, being involved in traditional rituals, going to lunches as well as their balls, serving as dance partners during ballroom classes, the whole deal. - all that, even though at the parties, we often felt like nothing but decorations, like part of the inventory. looking back on it, it's hard to ignore my stupidity and blindness back then, playing high society with these insecure, stupid boys who were thinking they were the future leaders of this country. strangely enough, despite all the superficiality, tina and i had fun, at least for a while. lots of fun, actually. we both met tons of people there, not all of them jerks, and did good stuff, experienced cool events, making casual friends in the process. timo and paul were always good blokes, both doing theology, timo with the goal of becoming a priest (ever since tina rejected him, actually, hello thornbirds!), paul with the goal of becoming a teacher. they were blokes i liked and knew, that i spend time with, renting movies, hanging out outside the frat house. with paul, things were maybe a bit more close than with timo. paul used to tell me about the gals he had crushes on, he used to sit on my balcony ogling the next door balcony, because one of his crushes lived there. no matter what, we were never really close, super-tight friends, always mates. three years ago, when i first got depressed for real, i drastically cut ties to many people and things. within a very short period of time, i stopped seeing tina, stopped going to frat houses, stopped going to uni for a while and got rid of all casual and superficial friendships. - almost all friendships i entertained back then belonged to that category. that included both timo and paul. i made myself very very lonely. it wasn't that anything was inherently wrong about timo and paul, or about our casual friendship, there was nothing that they had done wrong. somehow, i just couldn't deal anymore, with so many things that summer. couldn't deal with anyone, or anything, couldn't pretend anymore to be someone i wasn't. i was never the happy go lucky frat house girl. timo, paul and i, we were never so close that i could have come right out and told either of them what was wrong with me. neither of them belonged to the group of people who called me for months and who kept leaving messages, even though i never returned any calls. when i dropped out of the frat circle, out of the friendship with tina, and out of their lives, too, i never got the impression they cared that much. - i always thought that anyone wanting to be in touch with me knew where i lived, could easily find out my phone number, and would get in touch (even if my depressed self didn't react to any attempts), but they never did. apparently, they still cared on some strange level nonetheless. - not enough to make an effort, but enough to keep asking tina whether she knew how i was, even when she too, dropped out of the frat circle 2 years after me, when she split with the frat boyfriend i never really liked. shortly after tina and i had reconciled earlier this year, tina ran into paul and told him about seeing me again. since then, he and timo have been keen to meet both tina and me. paul and timo are flatmates, they share one of the ugliest, dirtiest kitchen in town and are both hungry at all times, so tina and i thought cooking for them would be a good thing. so we're doing that tomorrow night. i'm curious about it, and nervous, too. not because of cooking dinner, i'm making stroganoff, and that's easy and quick and will work out fine - it's nothing to loose sleep over. i wonder about this: tina and i, we picked our friendship up almost where we left it. - now what will it be like with those two? will we have stuff to talk about? will there be weirdness? how will it work out? i wonder and worry, just a little. this time tomorrow night, i will know.

 how many times have i vowed to stop googling your name? how come i always have such terrible timing when i give in to the urge to see whether it turns up something new on what you do? how many times have i managed to find out about your latest readings just days after they happened? this time, i'm 10 days late for one of your literary gigs in northtown. - you were reading as one of three special guests of northtown's latest avantgarde literature club. the recognised one, the one that country-wide feuilletons talk about. i shouldn't kid myself. i wouldn't have gone up north anyway, even if i had known about your little gig beforehand: i was in montreal. even if i hadn't been, i wouldn't have tripped up north to see you read. - it would have been too absurd to travel several hundred kilometres to silently sit in the audience hearing and seeing you read, applauding you. i would have tried to look casual, when it would have been anything but. but still. fact is: i wonder how you are. in the picture they put up on their website, next to your little biography, you look severe, a little tragic, like the upcoming but currently starving and suffering multi-talented artist that you are. in your eyes i can see some of the disconnection i expect you to feel to it all. i imagine your face moving into a grin, soon after that picture was taken, but maybe that is just me imagining things. you look like yourself, despite that beard. looking at your image, it doesn't take much work to imagine what this new face of yours would look like when talking to me. i can actually hear your voice and know how you'd laugh at me, if you knew i was writing this. the little bio calls you an "all-rounder" , an "exceptional artist with childish sujets and aggressive realism" . it talks about your animations, about your "wonderful songs" , which "are somewhere between brutal singer-songwriting and gentle, playful minimal electronica" and about some of your stories, like the one about paul and marinade, who rub wollen dolls so that they don't have to have sex with each other. i soak up the little info on the website and your image, just like i've soaked up all the little info on you i've stumbled across, urlLink sometimes even when i wasn't looking for you , in the three years since we last met. in some weird way, i still miss you in my life. in some weird way, i want you to know that i care about how you are and what you do and that i am happy for you because of your work and success. - even though i still suspect you would shrug that off, because it would just show that we never were, and will never be, equals. in some weird way, somehow, after all these years, despite it all, i still love you. which no one really understands.

 there's an email in my inbox from jim, one of evan's close friends. you know, the one he took along to our supposedly "romantic" days alone at the sapphire coast, before his family joined us for the holidays. jim writes: how is everything with you? i understand from evan that all is going along pretty well but would be great to hear from you anyway. i doubt this is a ploy to make me confess stuff to jim or get an inside view - if evan wanted that, he could simply ask me, or, if he wanted to be secretive, search for the blog, which he hasn't done. he never looked at it in the 2 years since i've had it. why would he now? this little sentence actually makes me believe evan has not told jim anything about our recent troubles. he's always been closed up to the people he calls his "friends", to his family, to everyone. always out to preserve the image of the perfect being he thinks they want him to be. it's quite sad: jim's a good one, a reliable friend, he could give good advice and set stuff into perspective. - far better than anyone of his new friends could (not that i think evan has been discussing stuff with them), not just because he knows me, and knows me quite well. i'm sad for evan, that he's so lonely, and makes himself so lonely, and does not go out to get support from people who would care. while i can relate to his keeping things to himself (i'm not the most open person ever either, and i, too, keep stuff to myself sometimes, or from certain friends) i've realised in recent years that it's patently unhealthy for me to do so. friendships work this way. they work through actual interaction, through opening yourself up, through making yourself vulnerable and being accepted nonetheless, - not just through watching the footie together and going to the same hospital for 5 years in a row. so what shall i reply to jim? i feel quite like telling like it is (with some exceptions, obviously), because he's a friend of mine as well. why would i want to keep up evan's silly pretense for him?

 it's been a rainy kind of day. it rained in the early afternoon, when i finally got the much needed nap i had planned on having since the weekend, the rain bringing up pictures in my sleepy head of a morning in montreal. it rained at the end of today's excellent yoga class, when we were lying with our legs up against the walls, the rain hitting the roof of the house gently, deepening the feeling of comfort and protection inside. on the way home from class, the sky was washed clear and blue, the world bright and shiny, and the air fresh. few things beat summer rain. it also rained when tina and i stood on my balcony tonight, marvelling at the complete triple rainbow that span across the sky over the city, between st.martin's gate and the cathedral. i think i've seen a complete rainbow only once before: at tongariro national park in new zealand, in 1996. and today's rainbow was even more intense, and magical. today was a day to stop and listen to the rain. it's been a rainy kind of day, and i loved it.

 i've been back for 5 days, and it seems like light years in some ways, and like i just stepped through the security check at dorval in others. -----------------------------

 happy birthday, urlLink jack !

 i don't get him. i don't get how he doesn't get it. he called me this morning, waking me up, at quater to 9. we had talked on thursday, for 5 minutes, which were only about me having arrived safely on european soil. today's call was a "let's pretend all is well" maneuver, which i was too perplexed to end, because when the phone wakes me up, i am always too startled and need a big chunck of time to wake up. he told me he misses me, told me he missed me the week that i was away. all i replied was that it had been a little strange because this had been the longest time we haven't been in touch since december 1999. i did not miss him though. it was more me missing a habit, a ritual. bizarrely enough, he has not asked a single thing about my week away. not who i stayed with, who i met, what i did. nothing. not after i've been throwing in names. i listened, asked polite questions. the only thing i truly submitted was about me running low on energy because of recent sleep deprivation and not having spent an evening alone in 3 weeks. he didn't ask what i had been up to these three weeks. he's so out of the loop, and not out to change it. this morning, all i could do was observe, and note it, i didn't feel like changing it. there are so many things i could say if i wanted to truly, awfully hurt him, about what i have been up to, about what is so not happening between us anymore, but i don't. i still like him, still love him, on some level, yet i am truly and utterly amazed and just don't get how he can say he loves me not knowing me, not caring about what's up, not realising this is the end, my lonely friend, the end. imagine the scenario: your partner tells you (s)he needs a relationship break, does not know where it will go, tells you (s)he is not planning anything anymore in regards to your relationship, then spontaenously goes off to another city in another country (which (s)he never mentioned before). would you not react in any way? i would. i would be alarmed. but he isn't. don't get me wrong, the purpose of flying out to montreal was not to stir him up, to get him to react - it was not revenge. but i am certainly wondering why he is still not reacting. but then, maybe that isn't that bad, after all. him fighting for real now, trying to win my love back, would quite possibly be even more alienating that this silence already is.

 i am tired tonight, and thoughtful, too. i should think through lots, find words for things and situations, say things, but right now, i can't, really. i realised it's been almost three weeks since the last time i spend a whole evening by myself, and almost 2 months since i wasn't totally sleep deprived at all times. tina was here tonight, and i was so exhausted i fell asleep during the chick flick we watched. i like it, all this interaction i've had lately, all these new people, all this talking and doing things, but i need some time to settle, to process - time with myself. or, alternatively, time with someone who does not expect entertainment and sparkliness from me, as the two local blokes (who have, on two consecutive days, been proclaiming how smitten they are with me in almost the exact same words) do. - i want more of what i had last week, and i also want my austrian tina back. i urgently need a whole day by myself, a day that i can spend with splurging things into notepad to post or not post here, time for long due emails that need time to be replied to, no appointments, no work out, nothing, just me. instead of whining about it, i should just make time for it, shouldn't i? however, i worry about all these new people, fear that they will be gone when i am not available when they ask or send sms, when i say no to coffees at uni cafe or hanging out or ice creams. - so yeah, i have trouble with my boundaries and my needs, now that i finally do have a social life to speak off again, now that i am finally alive again. time to start finding a balance. but first: off to bed.

 thoughts of you were sparked by...a bloke passing me by at dm, smelling like you....doing the dishes, in my kitchen, which is almost as small as yours...putting your pt/my latest pulling t-shirt into the laundry bag - i will wear it tomorrow, once it is washed....buying the ingredients for chicken broccoli linguine, to be cooked this weekend, just for me....your name tag/my bookmark, falling out of "middlesex'...two last correspondance tickets from peel and vendome falling out of my purse... noticing i am mistyping my y's and commas and brackets, because i've gotten used to your strange keyboard.

 i spend 30 on peace of mind today. in the process, i called roughly 10 doc's offices, explained that no, my request made sense even though 30 hours had passed (screw uninformed medical staff), sat in waiting rooms for about 3 hours total and saw two docs, the latter of whom i will make my new local gyno. she just totally rocked. not only did she have a bhagavad gita in her waiting room, but instead of simply writing out the perscription for plan b, which would most likely have involved throwing up and nausea and me worrying for a few more weeks, she did an ultrasound to check whether anything had been or was happening with my ovaries because of the missed pill that was to blame for this worry. - thankfully, it hadn't and wasn't anywhere near anything happening. it would have been strange anyway, because my body was never good at ovulation in the first place. blessed be diane-35 and my pcos-screwed-up body. sure, at 30 that ultrasound was more than twice what plain old ec would have been, but i must admit that it was worth every cent. other screens will still have to happen, obviously, but those were good, peace of mind giving black and white ultrasound images today. note to self : keep in mind that life's little dramas always arrive with the worst possible timing. there is something like too much of a good thing. yes, this applies to astroglide inside condoms.

 i'm still in between it all. not there anymore, not home yet, right now sitting at a 10p per minute computer terminal at london city airport, waiting for my flight to frankfurt. it's only been a week since i took off for montreal, and it seems like so much longer, because so much happened. right now the entire trip feels quite surreal though, too - doubtlessly partly because i am sleepfucked and the lights are bright round here, but also because it was so extreme in a way. did it really happen? did i really fly over the atlantic, just because? and what now? one thing is sure: beginning. no end.

 we went flying yesterday, the urlLink airman and i. and fly, he can. it was my first time ever in a small airplane, and i had expected it to be scary, with nothing but that tiny little bit of metal between me, several thousand feet of air and the ground and all. alas, it wasn't - it was far less scary than flying in a 747 or any other bigger airplane for that matter. and not only was it totally not scary, it was actually downright sexy and enjoyable. yesterday was a day of shitty weather here in montreal - rain and grey skies and lowish clouds and lots of unpleasantness. the weather reports were unfavourable - jack's flight school only releases planes when clouds are above 1500 ft, and all morning, they were at 1000 ft. we made our way out to his airfield nonetheless, he started flight planning (calculating the plane's weight and balance) and we waited for some more weather reports - they stayed terrible. it looked like all we would be able to do would be touch and go's - continually landing, taking off and circling around and doing it all over again, which i thought would be exciting enough anyway. so we got the plane ready, i got my passenger instructions ( touch nothing, unless i tell you to! ), and my very own set of headphones, and jack started talking to the tower. which, i tell you, is a very good thing to listen to. ground, good afternoon, this is urlLink cessna 172 sierra oscar foxtrot at the flight school, with the ATIS, for touch and go's. jack's all competent when sitting in a plane, talking into his mike - serious, knowing, friendly and in charge. and well, if you listen to his radio, he's got quite a distinctive voice there, the man. do me the sierra oscar foxtrot, darl. just after first contact with ground, waiting to be let on the runway for the touch and go stuff, the latest weather reports came in. the clouds which had been reported at 1000 ft the previous hour, were now reported at 1700 ft. - which meant that after asking ground to ask the flight school, we could do our planned city tour, circles over downtown montreal. it was absolutely fucking awesome. it's so great to be right next to the pilot, especially the pilot being jack, hearing all communication between him and tower, seeing him actually fly the plane, looking extremely content when doing so. i tell you, there are few moments when jack looks happier then when he's got those headphones on, and the yoke (the steering wheel of the plane) in his hand. it's very direct, the little plane and very comfy, too. usually, flying seems so strange, so unusual, a bit against human nature to me. up there, in the cessna with jack, it was perfectly right and normal and comfortable and safe, and i wanted more than the three circles over the city that we could do before the weather got too terrible (clouds dropping to 800 ft). it was so fabulous an experience that all i could do was smile and be happy and admire the city from above and the pilot right next to me. it needs to be repeated. tonight though, in 4 hours, it will be a stupid big old 772 that i will fly with, to london, and without the airman on board. these were good days, these six days in may (6dm), and it will be strange to be back in my life on the other side of the atlantic, without flights and him and all the things he is and does.

 they met in a hurricane standing in the shelter out of the rain she tucked a note into his hand later on they took his car drove on down where the beaches are he wrote her name in the sand never even let go of her hand somehow they stayed that way for those 5 days in may made all the stars around them shine funny how you can look in vain living on nerves and such sweet pain the loneliness that cuts so fine to find the face you've seen a thousand times sometimes the world begins to set you up on your feet again it wipes the tears from your eyes how will you ever know the way that circumstances go always going to hit you by surprise i know my past you were there in everything I've done you are the one looking back it's hard to tell why they stood while others fell spend your life working it out all I know is one cloudy day they both just ran away rain on the windshield heading South she loved the lines around his mouth sometimes the world begins to set you up on your feet again it wipes the tears from your eyes how will you ever know the way that circumstances go always going to hit you by surprise i know my past you were there in everything I've done you are the one ~blue rodeo~ "5 days in may"

 urlLink friday five 1. would you consider yourself an organized person? why or why not? i am highly organised. bordering on ocd, one might say. 2. do you keep some type of planner, organizer, calendar, etc. with you, and do you use it regularly? yes. an old fashioned black one page per day calender. i long for a palm pilot. hmmmm. 3. would you say that your desk is organized right now? yes, it is, and not just because i am an ocean away from my desk at the moment. - it always is. 4. do you alphabetize CDs, books, and DVDs, or does it not matter? it matters. a lot. cd's are organised by genre, band and date of publication. books are sorted by genre, language, publishing house, authour and date of publication. 5. what's the hardest thing you've ever had to organize? immigration to australia. i found it absolutely overwhelming and scary. - it was probably my unconscious telling me it might not be the right thing to do in the first place. now that those plans are resting for the moment, i feel much better.

 i'm in montreal, and i like it. a lot. montreal is a fabulous town. days are spend with carefully measured amounts of touristy stuff, generous amounts of strolling through town doing nothing in particular, tasting food i've never had before (how can i ever live without bagels again?), hanging out and meeting people i have known for years, yet never met before. - like my fellow urlLink scarleteeners urlLink rizzo , urlLink dzun and bettie, who is a rocking kind of woman, has a cat i wanted to take home and a smart husband. above all though, i've been getting the urlLink jack spratt tour of montreal, getting to know the airman himself face to face. i got the inside track now - i've seen rocky sit in front of his tv all day, have been to the regiment, where i met goodbar (who is quite a charming boy, when you first meet him). i listened to jack and goodbar sing songs in the mess. i now know which green leather chair he sits on when writing, i have had my fair share of bleues, had brekkie at cosmo's and can attest that he does wear army issued boots at all times. and his bum is one of the reasons people call him j-lo. furthermore, there will be urlLink chicken broccoli linguine tonight, and flying tomorrow, should these thunderstorms stop. strangely enough, it didn't faze me at all to fly over the atlantic and meet someone for the first time face to face. - it feels like we have known each other for years, which we have, after all, since the old opendiary days. i also realised yet again, that computers and blogs and message boards and icq and emails do not distort someone's true personality by default - which is reassuring, i guess. it's good for me, this little break. it's all good. and everybody's happy.

 am in frankfurt, all checked in, and ready to board, soon. strange, being at this airport with a destination that is not the usual one. just changed money, and it's the first time i ever had canadian dollars, i think. there will be plenty of first times during this trip, i guess. dirk saw me off at the train station this morning after dropping by for a spontaenous brekkie, which was lovely. - in the past, leaving the city for frankfurt airport often felt like fleeing it, and today it didn't, even though one might argue that this trip has the air of running away from stuff about it. it's strange, and good, everything that has happened these past weeks, and i want more of it. more happiness. more people around. more sparkling conversations. more life. i think i'm on the right track.

 i'm 95% packed, 2 hours and 50 minutes away from hopping on a train to frankfurt airport. there, i'll hop on a plane to urlLink london , then on to another plane to urlLink montreal . the excitement is there now, and i wish there weren't 16 hours until its resolve. eeep!

 urlLink update : michael crawford: urlLink living with schizoaffective disorder (part III) is now online. excellent conclusion to this well written, honest article.

 urlLink bilateral relations are harmonious. :)

 2 1/2 more days. 2 more sleeps. both days will be featuring 30C, and sunshine, and doubtlessly pass by quickly: there are train tickets that need to be bought, some uni stuff that needs being done, laundry, too, there is underwear waiting to be bought (yes, that is how bad it is), more exercise to rid myself of nervous energy and make me worry less about my butt, ordering some currency (or maybe they have this one at all times anyway?) and finally packing, too. the usual drill before one hops on a plane. this being so spontaenous, the obsessive-compulsive in me is worried about overlooking lots. but it will be fine. i have no doubt that everything will be fine, in fact. i thought i'd be more nervous this close to wednesday, but right now i am just excited, in a calm, happy way. the worst case scenario is that we have all this stuff to talk about, just without chemistry, which i not only don't expect, but which would still mean we'd make exceptionally good, close friends. it's a no-lose situation, so to speak. lucky me. lucky us.

 these two hours on the phone were no fun. i found myself firing off bitter sounding observations, to no fighting back, to silence. i was hurt and angry and sad, simultaneously throughout, and while some things are out in the open now, they are far from clean and sorted, obviously. 3 1/2 years do not end just like that, with one phone call, even if that's the culmination point to 10 weeks of underground argueing. there are still things between us, but crucial things have gone missing; there are disagreements on fundamental issues that do not seem to be reconcilable. right now, i feel better, and worse, at the same time. as needed as change is, actually setting it off does hurt. it's the mind clinging to permanence, i guess. no matter how shitty that permanence is. i think these are growing pains.

 life is good. no, let me correct myself: life is fucking brilliant. i had the most delightful night out last night, with claudia from yoga, and two of her friends. - it was the first time we ever hung out outside yoga class, and i am sure it wasn't the last time. kicked off the evening with cocktails at jackson pollock bar, ogling blokes and discussing life, and then moved on to urlLink jazzhaus . hadn't been there in ages, and had forgotten what a decent, attitude-free place full of diverse people, and free of chart music it is. it was "funky dance night - djs meet live musicians", and the musicians were urlLink rachel morrison & meeker , who had played a concert there earlier that night. they were extremely energetic, you could feel how much they enjoyed playing, tom morrison, the guitarist, was extremely attractive, and the music was funky, melodic and highly danceable. - just what i needed, really: we danced for two hours straight. so still no full night of sleep for me - was up and running by 8am, after maybe 5 hours of sleep, because the sun was shining into my room, and so i went to the gym for an upper body work out and a nicely taxing hour of spinning. i think i will now spend a good part of the afternoon napping. - so unusual that i have been living on so very little sleep lately. really have to be careful not be totally out of energy by mid-week. it's a lovely day today - warm and sunny, the air is clean and the sky blue, i'm wearing a denim skirt that's falling off my hips and a bonds singlet, and it feels very promising, this summer. i can't remember feeling this alive, this well, this energised in years. but i am not complaining, at all.

 you can stop calling me mrs.robinson: urlLink dirk is not a teenager, after all, but 25, and hence a mature-aged student doing his abi after an apprenticeship, three years of work, and some round-the-world-travelling. what a relief to know that my age sensors aren't totally off. and he's nice and entertaining, too!

 i am completely still and in complete turmoil at the same time. and i like it. a lot. it's hard to put into words, - hence all those lyrics these past few days. it feels like i am growing up in leaps and bounds right now by behaving in the most non-adult way imaginable. i am putting myself, and my wishes, before everything else, for the first time in years. i'm behaving totally out of "character" (whatever that is, anyway), yet doing just that feels perfect in so many ways. the mantra is: if not now, when? i'll be 25 next month, and had symptoms of the dreaded quater life crisis for months: pointless worries about goals and relationships and things being different now than what i thought they'd be like 5 years ago. i'm still in europe. i am not married and not engaged and most likely will not be either to the person i thought i'd be both with. i still haven't finished my degree. i am not working the high paying job at a commercial law firm that wants my soul, nor do i want that anymore. i realised this past week that i want to look back at being almost 25, and -hell, at my entire life- without pointless thoughts and useless wishes and longing dreams about things that might have been. - instead, i want to do the walking over the edge of the rappel tower, and act as if my life were a movie script and see what's up and know for sure. it got kicked off tuesday morning, harmlessly enough, with a paragraph in the middle of an email making my head spin, for hours, during a busride, doing my upper body workout, during a step class, an ab class and when under the showers. what seemed insane at first thought soon seemed very needed and like the only sane, useful thing to do. "i say fly to see me. really soon." to which my head replied: if not now, when? now, 3 days later, after little dramas, it's a firm, definite plan. and i like it, a lot. as scary as some things about this still are, as unsorted they are, as against what i always said i wanted things to be like. i was seriously worried this might be some kind of mania, actually. - dr.k. says it's not, and that it's just right for me, to do what i will be doing, and not a symptom of some kind of dysfunction. i believe him. strangely enough, everyone agrees with me, too, even the parents, who today rekindled my belief that they are actually human after all. how strange. how wonderful. it's still all in between. in midair. in flux. changing. exciting. it's leaving me breathless. i can't say that i mind though.

 "i want to know i want to know will it make a difference when i go it makes a difference that im feeling this way with plenty to think about and so little to say except for this confession that is poised on my lips im not letting go of god im just losing my grip i want to know i want to know will it keep you guessing when i go" ~over the rhine~ "when i go"

 urlLink friday five 1. name one song you hate to admit you like. cry me a river - justin timberlake 2. name two songs that always make you cry. urlLink von guten maechten , words by dietrich bonhoeffer, sung by anyone fragile - sting 3. name three songs that turn you on. if you wear that velvet dress - u2 you don't know how good you are - kristofer astrom believe in me - lenny kravitz 4. name four songs that always make you feel good. come fly with me - frank sinatra ich weiss was ich will - udo juergens du trgst keine liebe in dir - echt no regrets - robbie williams 5. name five songs you couldn't ever do without. one - u2 # 41 (live at luther college) - dave matthews band back to you - something for kate we haven't turned around - gomez ruhe vor dem sturm - nationalgalerie

 "would you not like to be sitting on top of the world with your legs hanging free would you not like to be ok, ok, ok? (...) i can't believe that we would lie in our graves wondering if we had spent our living days well i can't believe that we would lie in our graves dreaming of things that we might have been" ~dave matthews band~ lie in our graves

 i am either manic, or this is the best thing i ever did. i really don't know. but it feels great. :)

 i guess this feels similar to standing on top of the urlLink rappel tower .

 urlLink alles neu macht der mai , was the comment my mom made when i told her about the revamp of my place i am doing today and tomorrow and however long it will take this weekend. right now, the flat is in a similar state as my head: a total mess. for some strange reason, i can't seem to find my cleaning & tidying rhythm today. - i keep jumping from one corner to the other, one task to the next. very untypical. i'm throwing some things away, putting others away for the moment (or maybe forever, too?), creating space to breathe in the process. it's direly needed, and an outside manifestation of what's been going on inside of me. i'd really like to paint this place, tear out the carpet, make it all bare, but if i stop and think for a moment, that would be overreacting and quite pointless, because no matter what happens, i won't be in this space for a very long time. - and i can't afford paint right now anyway. i took all pictures and paintings and posters off the wall. when i removed the robert delaunay poster, the paint crackled and came off where the urlLink poster strips had been. fuck. will have to cover those spots now - that much for poster strips not damaging the ground they are stuck upon. - i had planned on leaving that bit of wall bare. am not sure whether i should put the framed aerial view of downtown melbourne away. it's pretty. i got as a pressie from the law firm in september, it hangs in view of my desk, and i am not sure i want it in sight right now. or want it at all, for that matter. i guess i might take it off yet keep it up here in the flat, under the bed maybe, and see how i feel without it. delaunay is gone forever, as is the framed tate gallery poster. only have one replacement so far: urlLink red on maroon, one of rothko's seagram murals . i reserved at a shop in town yesterday. i'll see what ikea has in store, too. - i'd like another rothko, but i can barely afford the one print (of pretty low quality anyway) i picked now. the framed nude by alfred, my arts teacher, will stay, as will the haring calender, as much as i hate it. i decided i won't care what month it is, and just have those images up that i like and that fit colour-wise. mybe the poster in the kitchen will go, too. i am not sure yet. so. other things to go: the fake sunflower that used to be on the windowstill. apart from the stones from nz, actually all the knick knack that used to be on the windowstill is gone, as is all the stuff on my desk and around the computer. it will be nice once i have plants on the balcony, to have an unobstructed view of them outside. it hurts a little, this putting away. who am i doing this for? for me? for someone else? why do i want it bare? fact is, i do. i want space. less stuff where dust can accumulate. fewer things to distract my mind. i already feel that it's better for me, to be surrounded by less stuff. and this is still my place. what a strange day today.

 the 285 flights on ba are gone this morning. they seem to have been an april special on expedia.de. fuck. it hurts. that's what you get for sleeping over decisions. this morning's pain shall be filed under ye olde if you get a chance, grab it, and use it, immediately - lessons. not that i needed it. if not now, when?

 it's been a hectic past few days, with the parents in town. they arrived midday friday by train, just hours after i had said goodbye to urlLink jack at the train station. friday night, they were so tame and nice i was startled and wondered what was wrong with them. saturday morning, however, started with nasty comments by my dad about dirk (whom he has not yet met, i might add), continued with my mother mistaking shopping with me for caring for me and culminated in me crying once i had got home and they had set off to spend the afternoon in france. it sucked muchly. by the time dirk, kolja and friends (garb, doro, martin) and i were to set off for urlLink zmf to see urlLink die fantastischen vier perform unplugged (and after some booze and dope, i might add), all was well again though, and a grande night of jumping and screaming and singing along was had by all. the greatest moments of the night were doubtlessly thomas d. (man with the most beautiful urlLink tats in hip hop) singing urlLink liebesbrief and the final performance of all time fave urlLink tag am meer . fucking awesome, that night. sunday was filled with a touristy 5 hour drive through the blackforest (including ending up in the middle of church celebrations in a small black forest village, where everyone wore tracht, i'll have to write about), which was scenic, but mightily stressful, too. i can't really explain what was wrong, but afterwards i was tired and drained and couldn't really say what was wrong, but all was wrong, and yeah, i cried again. which -for the record- i hadn't in weeks, really. not since the end with evan at least. i think dirk was lost, with me being so out of it, for the first time since we're together. it's the effect the parents have, i think, which so nicely collided with me having my period and being stressed out anyway. duh. i would have wanted them to be there because of me, to just hang out and talk and relax, but instead it was hectic and stressful and touristy, and money was an issue at all times, and i hated it. and my mother made some of the most ridiculous comments i have ever heard. i need some time to get back on track, i think, to reconfigure and get back to normal, and some cuddlies to ease my mind. so much change in such short time, guests, so much stuff packed into just a few days. - no wonder i am drained. it will be well, i know it. but right now, i'm awfully sorry for how strange i have been, and how weird things felt last night and this morning with dirk, just because i was weirded out by them being here, and trying to make my point nonetheless that i was in charge of my life (e.g. telling them i didn't want them to meet, because they had an opinion already anyway, and because i neither wanted nor needed their approval). we picked up our results at the health department today (which should be written about seperately as well, i guess), but haven't had time for celebrations so far, which feels wrong, as well. negative hiv tests call for champagne, i think. but it will be well. because it's summer, and we are in love, and life is fucking brilliant, underneath it all.

 monday, on the way home from the supermarket, carrying a four pack of rigos under one arm, dirk and i passed by two obviously homeless punks sitting at a bchle near my place, begging. the two were in good spirits, jokingly shouting at us "hey folks, how are you? can we have one of your rigos?" "well, blokes, usually, sure thing, but it's my birthday today, and we're doing some partying so we need all four of them. but next time, i'll give you one, alright?" i replied. "oh, it's your birthday? cool! congratulations!" the two of them offered me handshakes and well wishes, and i graciously accepted them. after a short little chat, dirk and i got going again, and they shouted after us wishing us a great day and telling us that they'd smoke some dope in my honour that night, which i laughed about and thanked them for. yesterday afternoon, the two of them were sitting at the exact same spot again, and i walked past them on the way back from the supermarket. "hey blokes, how are you today?" . both were in great spirits, recognising me, asking how my birthday went. "you gonna be here for another few minutes?" , i asked, "if you'll be here for another half an hour, i'll go home and get you the leftover rigo i still have from monday, what do you reckon?" . an offer that wasn't refused. thirty minutes later, i get back to them, giving them that last rigo, icecold from my fridge. they seem amazed i kept my word, and laugh, and so do i. we chat some more, i ask how they are, how long they'll stay in town, and whether there is anything else i can do. i tell them that i'd prefer giving them something a bit better than booze, like something to eat, if they wanted. they tell me that yeah, they hadn't had anything proper to eat all day and that they'll stay in town till the weekend, before moving down to zrich. i tell them that next time i see them this week, i'll get them something proper, if they want, which the two tell me would be cool. i got to go and tell them "look after yourself, you two cuties (which they are, really) i'll see you around later this week." before i rush off though, the one sporting a mohawk tells me he still has a birthday pressie for me, and hands me a a scrap of paper, containing enough pot for one joint. i smile as i walk away, and for much of the evening, when thinking about those two, and in what great mood they are, despite it all. they seemed happier than many. i realsied that sharing stuff you enjoy yourself (no matter whether its just dope and booze), and friendliness and talking and connecting, no matter how brief the period of time is, no matter how different someone seems to be compared to yourself, are seriously good things, that light up your day.

 i have a severe case of birthday hangover. or something. i am tired after all these birthday celebrations, tired because of the heat, annoyed because the parents will be here this weekend and my flat isn't clean enough to abide by my mothers standards, tired, too, because i haven't had a day for myself in ages. annoyed, too, because i am in pain from a bike crash that happened monday morning on the way to the hiv testing (that's what you get for wanting to hold hands while cycling. lesson learned.). i sure look like i've been beaten up, so bad is the bruising on my leg and the scraping on my knees. - it's so bad that walking, sitting, sleeping hurts. jack is coming to visit tonight, for the next day and a half, and while that's great, after everything that's happened, i am already sorry because he'll see such a grumpy, annoyed me. it's all been well though, really, i am just severely low on energy now, and need rest and lone time, and a cool drink, too. last night, i went to silke's little birthday bash, which was fabulous. she had it themed - "arabian nights" - and everyone was dressed colourful and fun. it was a wonderful get together on her large balcony, with plenty of interesting people, and plenty of interesting talk. i found myself in deep talk about yoga with harilal, who is leaving for india next weekend, thanking him again for the workshop and what it did to me. i also ended up in deep talk about life and changes and my "favourite emotions" with amoth, a friend of ralph & silke's. excellent stuff, really. i also chatted to ann-kathrin, markus wife, who nearly died of hellp syndorme and an assortment of other severe complications (kidney fauilure, necrosis of the liver, severe infections later on) after giving birth to their first son three months ago. she's a wonderful, fantastic woman, and their child is absolutely breathtakingly beautiful and adorable. it was a really good, enjoyable evening. - i cycled home past one am, barefoot, happy and tired, enjoying the brief ride through the city. my birthday on monday was fine, too: beautiful, sun, champagne, love and rigo filled day, followed by late night talking and a short night at dirk's. - it was the best in years, i'd say. dirk came over late sunday night, and we sat outside and talked and when it was midnight i unpacked the remaining pressie from the rents (the harry i'd been reading already, and i got a hairdryer i had wished for). dirk gave me an highly personal present, that got me absolutely smitten. the little box is sitting on my desk now, right here next to my computer, and i keep opening it, looking at its contents, holding them, feeling them, admiring them. they might look like nothing to an outsider, the little things in there, but having heard their stories, they mean a lot. no money in the world can buy a present like this. wow. monday morning, after the bike crash, we went to the health department, which was a funny experience, overall, even though i was quite surprised how little pre-test counselling they gave. it's a week till the results, and i am also surprised by how unworried i am this time around, at least about the hiv. my blood was very light on colour again, and so i am concerned about low hb again. guess i should head to the blood bank again, to donate and see what it's like, my hb. oy. after the blood testing, dirk took me out to brekkie, right downstairs at uc, which was a lovely little luxury. afterwards, we went to the laundromat, where dieter and marco openend a bottle of champagne on me, and fun was had by all. alcohol in above 30 weather, in the middle of the day, has funny effects. after some exhausted napping and a funky phone call by urlLink jens , dirk and i headed out on the bikes for a half an hour ride to a lake recommended by dieter in the afternoon. it was lovely: great water, great location, few people. we swam (pretty much) naked again (i am turning into a nudist one of these days, i swear - but it feels so much nicer to be in the water without a bikini...and i must admit that i've never seen anything prettier than naked dirk coming out of a lake. yum.), were lying around reading mags and harry potter and having rigos and watermelon. a very simple, very lovely kind of fun. in the evening, after a nap and a shower, we cooked dinner and ate on the balcony, i made the dough for jamie oliver choc chip cookies for silke, and we rode to dirk's place. i baked the cookies, he packed for his school trip (coming home tomorrow), and we talked late, about important stuff, outlooks on life. it pushed some of my buttons though, that talk, and made me feel low, unable to pin down the exact reason that caused my low-ness. it was still there when i woke up tuesday morning, still there when we said goodbye before he hurried off to the train station for his trip, and little bits of it are still here, as i type this. i talked to evan, too, yesterday, and that re-enforced some of that strange feeling as well. i told him that i am seeing someone, and he got very upset, telling me the break-up was all because of me, that he was replacable and obviously never meant much to me and giving me the usual mindfuck about me making all the rules and being pushy and yadayadayada. it upsets me that i am *still* gloomy, because all should be fine and dandy and cool, because all is fine and dandy and cool. it is summer. i am in love. what else do i want? what else do i need? i hate it, how these old issues keep creeping up, once a week, just because, sparked by stuff i still can't really identify. i think i will take up amoth's offer and talk about them with him again. one thing amazed me: i told dirk monday night, in our deep discussion, how things are rarely black or white for me, but many many shades of grey instead. evan, on the other hand, just 10 hours or so later, accused me of seeing everything as either black and white. strange, really. i am realising i spend three years with someone neither knowing him, nor being known by him. how strange. how sad.

 scenes from the waiting room at the hiv testing & support services at the health department. 4 people are waiting, all in their twenties. a good looking, dark haired straight bloke, reading the day's paper. a queer bloke, wearing flip flops, shifting in his seat, being impatient and bored. a couple, consisting of a tall, blonde nervous looking bloke who keeps fidgeting with vaccination leaflets, accompanied by a completely unfazed, blonde gal with bruised knees and elbows, who keeps looking at the info material around, snickering at inaccuracies and misses "these idiots have missed out on hpv in this brochure!" . nervous bloke, looking for something to take his mind off the needle ahead, grabs a leaflet from the table next to him. it's a little info book for men and boys, full of info on anatomy and related issues. he starts reading the introduction, and the first paragraph reads "in this booklet you will find out, among other things, why it is in some regards better to have a small penis..." "what?!" nervous bloke shouts in shock, "what is that about?" . his blonde chica grabs a booklet, too, and starts reading as well, breaking out in laughter when she realises which sentence upset the male by her side. she gently pats his head: "don't worry, they're just saying it to make those with low self-esteem feel better. you really don't have to worry about anything at all. it's all fine and dandy and working just right, so stop stressing." nervous bloke stays slightly agitated though. "but in the first sentence? hitting you over the head with something like that? telling me something is wrong about me?" . the blonde chica by his side keeps laughing. the laughing and amusement on both their parts grabs the attention of the other two people in the waiting room. flip flop bloke reaches over to the table next to nervous bloke, and grabs the same booklet he and chica have been so amused about. he starts reading the introduction. seconds later, doubtlessly straight after finishing the first sentence, he breaks out in loud, hearty laughter, grinning at nervous bloke and his chica, who breaks down laughing in return again. as a result, straight bloke next to nervous bloke reaches for the same leaflet as well. blonde chica encourages him "come on, read it, too, we can start a group discussion on the issue then!" , while nervous bloke exclaims "oh, yeah, come on, read about my worries." straight bloke starts reading, and breaks down laughing as well. the door to the examination room opens, a woman comes out and flip flop bloke can walk in, to pick up his result, breaking the little laughing circle the four had formed. doubtlessly, there has rarely been that much laughter in that waiting room before. moral of the story? you never know where fun and laughter and snickering with people you've never met before can happen. the waiting room in front of the examination room where you'll get your hiv test or its results might be one. yet another reason to get tested, regularly.

 being 25 feels fucking awesome.

 what a year it has been it's my birthday tomorrow, and with that comes, as usual, a reflective frame of mind. there hasn't been much headspace to think these past days: happiness, and sex, and booze, and dope, and the sun, do not spark great intellectual thoughts overall, i find. dirk and i have been together much of the time, too, so there has neither been time nor desire to sit down at the computer to create a moment for thinking and writing. - been too busy lying at the dreisam, talking and reading, too busy sitting on the balcony, too busy being busy with each other. he's been away now and there is time to think and write for me, while he is grass boarding with michi, coming over again sometime later today to be here when my birthday starts. it's strange to realise 2003 is already halfway over, strange that it's my birthday, yet again, that i'm slowly heading from mid-twenties to late twenties, strange to realise that right now i am in a place completely different to the one i thought i would be in on my birthday one, two, three years ago. i always thought that by 25 i'd already be in australia, possibly married or about to get married to evan, long done with uni, working. i am nowhere near any of that, and fucking hell, am i happy. it surely has been an extraordinary year, this last one, and that's even more true for this first half of 2003, the last three months specifically. it's been choc full of change and thoughts and realisations, this 2003. as strange as it may sound, but with all the ass-kicking and hurt and fear and screaming and crying it has been treating me well, this year, waking me up, bringing me to life again, changing me, for the better. no wonder i couldn't see myself where i am right now. - out of my mind happy. truly, madly, deeply in love with a man like dirk. pondering life, feeling like groundbreaking decisions are waiting just around the corner. i don't blame myself: how could i have imagined any of this? it seemed set in stone (at least superficially, not deep down inside of myself) that life with evan in melbourne, marrying him, moving, having children, doing law for the rest of my life. anything but the plan with evan had turned into an non option, which, i guess, was the beginning of the end in a way for him and me anyway. no wonder i never even wondered whether there might be something better for me, something healthier, someone else, someone who truly wants me, someone i truly want, too. strangely enough all those silly, silly plans i had made, what i thought our wedding should be like, what have you, now seem insane, and like nothing i could, would do. ever. i felt strongly for evan. i loved him. it's strange to realise that that has changed, completely, and that it had for months, which i just didn't want to realise when it happened, which was obvious in my wondering "so this is it?" while in was in australia this past winter. we talked sometime this past week, evan and i, and it is gone, whatever i felt for him in the boyfriend/girlfriend category. i love him, still, somehow, as a friend, if you will, and there is no residual anger, no pain, no hurt from the break-up left. i feel love for him because of the time we spend together, these years. i talked about it with dirk yesterday, wanting to say that i still love evan in some way because we know each other so well, but i realised that would have been a lie. sure, we knew lots about each other, but i can't help but wonder how much of it was real. back then, my thought was i wish i could be who you wanted all the time , so i constructed a version of myself i thought he would love. sure, i know lots about him, little thing, big things, but considering how long it took him to be honest with me regarding his feeling about my move, i wonder how much i truly, deeply know about him. there are things i suspect right now, that i can't, won't post here, things i feel i know about him, that i wonder about, wonder whether they are accurate, and if they are, whether he knows them yet, will act about them, be honest to himself. it's a strange thing, knowing someone. talking to evan briefly on thursday, i was mainly happy to hear his voice, happy to laugh with him, but very strongly felt that he might become a lifelong friend, but could have never ever been my life partner. i told him so. i wonder whether it freaked him out. what i feel for dirk now is just so very very different on so many levels, that i have trouble expressing it without sounding like a lunatic or on the rebound. - and i am neither. i wish evan could see me now, not because i want to hurt him or want him to see what he is missing out on. i want him to see me, because i think he should see me, the real me, just once. i want him to see the changed outside, make-up less, dressed down, skinny, long haired, tanned caro, and my changed inner me, this much more unsure about life, undepressed, completely and utterly happy in her own skin caro. the one who sleeps outside waiting for shooting stars, who swims topless in a lake, who loves yoga and reads the bhagavad gita, who is finally enlarging her circle of friends again, who feels like she needs little in life for happiness. i doubt he would recognise me. i read in my old diaries today, about what i did and where i was on my birthday the last few years since moving here, and it makes me realise how changed i am, too. the 1998 birthday had a drinking session on my balcony with the two tinas and some frat boys at my old flat. in 1999, i had a big ass party with moritz at the frat place, a party that got really expensive because so much beer was consumed, and where half the people didn't even know it was my birthday. i remember being sad because didi didn't even call, and ogled arndt, who's getting married one of these weekends. in 2000, i had a party here at my place, as pictures from then tell me. 2001 was spend with michel and tina and britta, first on a hill near the schauinsland and later at fritz's party in denzlingen, which was fucking awesome. most people i spend those birthdays with are people i am not in touch with any longer, for a multitude of reasons. last year, i spend the day pretty much alone. tomorrow, i will spend the day with dirk. - there will be partying with the yoga people on tuesday, at silke's birthday party, how convenient for me, and there is no one else i feel the need to party with. dirk and i, we will head to the health department in the morning, for free hiv testing (isn't that a great birthday date?). dieter asked us to come by the laundromat to have a bottle of bubbly to celebrate my birthday as well, so we'll do that afterwards. then we'll quite likely take the bikes and find a lake or a field or a hill to lie around on or next to, picknicking and spending the day together. big time cycling might be out of the question: it looks like it is going to be above 35 again tomorrow, just like today, and the heat is mind-numbing and tiring. it will, doubtlessly, be a lovely day, just like these last days have been lovely. what a year it has been, this last one. what a year will it be, this coming one? i can't wait for more of this change. time to leap into it. chromatic i stand on the side of the road watching for a car a truck so I can go i've got to get myself out of this nothing place i've been running around with a tied shoe lace what a year it has been what a year it has been lost my love shed my skin what a year it has been there's a cheer leader squad on the side of the road cheering the night now for somewhere to go there's me on the corner the corner is home look at the controller we're about to hit a new zone flashing lights from up above so close too close was crazy love so gather up your broken brow millions together will do it somehow "what a year" ~alex lloyd~

 i wonder why people want things in life, when they can have this love thing. the last few days have been spend in complete and utter happiness, a happiness that is so all-surrounding, there is little place for anything else. thursday night, dirk, michi, ute and i spend the night at a nearby lake. we swam at dusk, the light being unbelievably pretty, tinting everything golden, then pink, enhancing the green of the trees and the blue of the lake. we lit a fire, bbqed, drank, smoked and talked. i lay under a tree on the pebbly beach and looked up, seeing the stars between the leaves, dirk by my side. we slept under the stars, me cuddled up against dirk, near the fire, and i saw the shooting star i had wished for and made a wish. when the sun was up, we swam again, naked, and i felt free and loved and just unbelievably content about where i was, who i was with, how i was feeling - all that despite being tired, despite having managed to be bitten by a flea (anyone wanting to scratch my stomach?), despite a slight sunburn. it's fucking awesome, this love thing, it really is. it leaves me breathless and smiling like a lunatic, wanting nothing more than what i already have, yet at the same time making me realise that i can do anything and everything, being loved this way. it's making me re-discover sides of myself i had long forgotten about, and making me do things i never thought were me. - but they are. i am more myself than i have been in years. and it's all because of this love thing. wow. du, sagst du, ich bin kein mann fr eine nacht, ich muss nur immer irre viel verreisen. heut hab ich mal drber nachgedacht, deine chance ist da, ich kann es dir beweisen. nimm mich mit, nimm mich mit, nimm mich mit, tommyboy auf das abenteuer liebe und so weiter! ich kanns sehn, es wird gehen, es wird doppel-dreifach-schn mit dir als mein begleiter! ich mal dir alle unsere mglichkeiten aus: nordpol, sdpol, grossstadt oder strand... am strand der ganze sand... vielleicht lieber doch aufs land... bin jedenfalls schon so gespannt... "nimm mich mit" ~2raumwohnung~

 i asked urlLink kyth for five questions, you know, that meme thing. just because. and here they are. thanks, kyth. 1. what made you decide to be a lawyer? well done kyth, tough one, this one. truth be told, i started doing law (and i am still not done yet, bad me, after all) because doing what i really wanted to do - journalism and writing, going to a certain journalism school in hamburg- didn't seem like an option when little me finished high school. my parents wouldn't have paid for it. i thought "i'll do this, quickly, and then do what i really want to do" , because i was too young to go to that journalism school anyway, and because they liked people to have degrees there, anyway. somewhere along the line, in the middle of law school, if you will, i lost track and started to think -doubtlessly being borg-style assimilated by the mediocre people at law school- that i liked law, and wanted to do it. i even somehow started to think that i wanted the whole high paying, soul-stealing firm thing. so i worked at andersen, back when they hadn't sold their law department to ernst & young. it felt good, being the evil one, dressing up appropriately, what have you, but deep down i really really hated the work there, just being locked up in tiny rooms without ever seeing clients, editing contracts worth 43 million euro. all the while, i hated law school, and never really got into the swing of things - it just didn't feel like my territory, my way of thinking, my passion. no wonder, really. a little while later, i discovered that i actually truly, genuinely like an area of law, intellectual property. i subsequently worked at two firms in melbourne, doing pretty much solely ip (once lots of technical stuff, once kinda glamourous and litigation heavy), and realised that yes, i can really do this law thing if i want to, i can enjoy this, actually, and it can be something i like doing. will i ever be a lawyer? i am not sure. i do know though that i will graduate, and what i will do then, i'll see. even if i continue on to do articles, i hope to take all those cool journalism school entrance exams i always wanted to take, just because. if i continue law, it might end up being ip, it might end up being something else. i realised sometime these past few days, that i might not feel good working in such a money-focused world, helping make rich folks richer. but i will see, i guess. 2. what was the most challenging thing you've ever done? plan emigration to australia. and eventually let go of that plan. it was my dearest wish, my most important plan, for several years. it was my future, my entire future. at times, it felt like an unmanagable plan. - there was so much planning involved, so many things that needed consideration, that i lost track of the reason, the love that was supposed to be the reason for the move. it isolated and depressed me, and when it finally dawned on me how bad this plan was for me, it took several months to let go of it. but when i did, when i packed the brochures and the books and the leaflets on how to fill out your applications, it felt like a burden was lifted off my shoulders. 3. what do you believe in? i believe in a higher, all-surrounding power that has many expressions and that is visible in every living thing. i believe in love, in the wisdom of the bhagavad gita, in the now. 4. given the choice: fame or fortune? Why? fortune. to -as cliche as it sounds- donate it to a good cause (something feminist, empowering, or human rights related) or my swamis ashram. who'd want fame? for what? i see little purpose and point in fame, and all those pop stars, pop idol shows, all those soaps, show that. 5. what are ten things you simply can't live without? love, a small circle of close friends, yoga, books, music, blogging, dreams, a rigo every once in a while, living things around me, a bike. if you want five, as well, leave a comment with email addie, and they shall come your way.

 coming home from the gym tuesday morning, pedalling slowly along my street (trying to avoid running into pedestrians), i saw him sitting in front of my house, waiting for me, fresh from his last but one abi exam. the entire way home from gym i had wondered about going over to his place to see him: monday night had upset me quite a bit, with my silly issues and having made their little appearance for no real reason at all. but he was there, already, waiting for me. wow. over lunch and cuddles and irresponsibilities that felt delightfully good, we figured it all out again, without stress and worries, and my issues dissolved into nothing again, just like they should. i discussed that issues stuff with silke tuesday night at yoga - she calls them favourite emotions , and that's an appropriate term, i guess. in a way the guilt and inadequateness and the worry about pushy-ness are comfy. i know these emotions, i can resolve to them instead of really dealing -and possibly changing- the situation at hand. guilty as charged. it's amazing and new and scaring the shits out of me to realise and accept how essential his presence already is for me. i've never let myself feel this way for anyone before, and right now it's hard to find a balance between that feeling and plain old common sense about relationships, not rushing into them at the start but retaining a sense of self and independence. i've never had this before, i need to learn how to do it, this close, non-distance relationship thing. i need to figure out how to live, love, handle this intense all-consuming-head-over-heels-forever-love thing, which is as unbelievable as it is unique. this is the kind of stuff that makes people run off to vegas. or so i think. this stuff makes me wonder why people want anything in this world. this love makes me feel so content and fulfilled i am almost completely need-less. it will work, i have no doubts about that, but right now, alone at home and still awake this long past midnight (after a day of celebrating dirk's last exam with beer, prosecco, rigos, pot and natural highs) i feel just a tiny little bit lost, unsure about where my center is, where the balance is, where i belong in this all. i wonder what i need, and how all that will eventually work with his needs. you can ask for anything you want/anything at all/and i'll understand it/and there are no strings attached to it. i truly, honestly, deeply mean and feel that. however it's tricky to put to work. it's a little tricky to put to work if i have no idea what *i* need, or when what i think i need or want, or would like to have is completely counter to what he needs. it's nothing fancy, this stuff. it's relationships 101, introductory lecture. easy business, basics, but to me, it's new, brandnew, because in all those ldrs i had, so many low quality compromises were made when together with silly "well, soon we won't be together anymore, we shouldn't be argueing" logic. writing this, posting this, is blowing things a little out of proportion already. me wondering about my needs and his and how to work them out is nothing big, nothing to worry about, nothing bad. this is just me, full of all this warm, fuzzy emotionstuff for a tall blonde man with seefahrer eyes who's quite likely asleep in his bed just a few kilometres away. this is me feeling all this sitting at my computer, not sleeping next to him, which feels a little bit lonely. i should just go to bed, and sleep, soon. and stop listening to urlLink tex singing "ich kann dich spren". silly me.

 it's hard to realise how little it takes to bring up good old issues . you know, that being pushy stuff. that not being enough stuff. that not making others happy stuff. i hate it, yet can't turn off the litany in my head, even though i know it's not accurate, even though i know it is ridiculous, even though i slept over it. i wish i could just snap out of it. ctrl-alt, del the programme. doesn't work though.

 from a recent email from a smart melbourne man: "in the end though, you can't double-guess the future, and in relationships you have to trust the fact that your instincts and intuition are probably wiser than your head." indeed.

 currently feeling: bittersweet. hurting someone i care about because of feeling the way i do for someone else, is surreal, tearing at myself. i have omitted things from the blog because of that. i wrote things these past weeks about my life, described scenes and moments, leaving him out. i read these sentences now, knowing he was there, wondering why i couldn't muster up the energy, the will for honesty, why i was such a coward. this here, this blog, describes my life. i write this for me. no one but me looks at it as often as i do, no one will look back at it as often as i do. i should, no, i want to be honest here, because i wasn't at opendiary, years ago, wasn't here for a while either, constructing an alternate reality in which evan and i were perfect and happy, an alternate reality in which all was well. i fooled myself: i don't want this again. years from now, i will want to remember what waking up next to him is like, him usually being awake already, looking at me. i want to remember his seefahrer eyes, the taste of his skin, his long limbs and travellers and climber's body and skinniness, the soft golden hairs on his tan belly. i want to remember riding my bike along the river, on my way to his place on a hot summer sunday afternoon. i want to be able to bring up an image of us on my balcony at night. i want to remember looking into his eyes, holding his gaze. i want to write down our words, the one's we've reclaimed and analysed, the talk of vegas and white sheets and so much else. but it is more than bittersweet to do so, here.

 herzlich willkommen: urlLink jens - der literarische solist. dirk's best and oldest friend, blogs, too. i've been sneak-reading his writings for a little while - ever since dirk told me he knew all about online writing because his best friend was doing it, too, after i disclosed that i spend time online, doing this blogging thing. the three of us, dirk, jens and i, we had an entertaining little threesome phone call yesterday. i was at dirk's place when jens called to give him the thumbs up after seeing some pictures i had put online for dirk. in the process of our talk, i also got official permission to read and link. which is all fine and dandy. danke! it's a fine line to walk, this openess, this writing for many to see, especially if these are people i know or shall get to know in real life or people i love. tina was the first (besides evan, who never used it) to be given access, and since then, i've come a long way. opening up, being honest always means opening up for potential hurt and pain, risking showing "too much", whatever that "too much" is. but there is no other way than this.

 it's hard to admit having made mistakes, especially if that mistake was not being totally honest, especially considering how much i've been waxing on lately about honesty and its importance. it doesn't make it better that i lied by omission. it doesn't make it better that i did so thinking i was protecting your feelings, when i was doing the exact opposite. being blunt and honest is the greatest thing to show one cares. i care a lot about you, i have for ages, but when i noticed how much even bits of the truth hurt you, i was a coward and resolved to self-censoring here, to ommitting what was happening in my head and my heart when talking to you. it hurts me to hurt you, because this is so late, this being honest, but there was no other way. i wish i had real reasons, excuses, but i don't.

 evan called last weekend. the two conversations we've had since we've broken up have been better than any we've had since i returned from melbourne mid-january. it was strange to talk to him in a way, because there is, quite simply, little left to say. a day or two before, i had send him a short list of things i had left in australia (expecting to see them again sometime this year) which i want him to send me. there was a little bit of bile in that email, doubtlessly: i mentioned the condoms in his closet which i bought last year, and asked him to throw them away. i hate(d) the thought of him having sex with someone else with condoms i paid for. but then, i should be happy if he used them, shouldn't i, considering he was unable to purchase any himself. dear me, what made me stay with a man too fucked up to buy condoms? our talk, however, was surprisingly bile-free. - for me, there is little left to be bitter about anymore. for the first time ever, evan was honest when we talked: he said outright that he never wanted me to move to australia, and didn't feel comfortable with the plan, ever. i got honest, too, telling him i had gathered that much from his behaviour (not accepting my proposed solution for the money issue, not reading immigration material, etc.), and told him that while i could at least kinda see his reasoning, i couldn't understand it, couldn't accept why he didn't want to do anything about those things that were on his mind, why he never mentioned his doubts. i made him listen to all the hints that had been there, made him listen to the terrible thoughts his behaviour had given me, let him tell me my observations were right. i told him that if there were any parallels between my behaviour and jen's (his ex), like he claimed in january, it wasn't because he managed to pick up two similarly fucked up women in a row, but because his behaviour caused a certain kind of behaviour in return. i am starting to be happy we broke up now, and not in a few months, closer to my intended departure, even though this was close enough. i am happy this didn't happen after i packed. i am happy this didn't happen after my move. i am happy this didn't happen after a marriage and children, which is not out of the realm of possibility. i might have kept being quiet about my worries for a few more years, he might have kept quiet, too, and we would have been a terrible, terrible couple in return. it hurt, and it still hurts a little, every once in a while, like when my grandma asked about evan, when the woman in a cafe in hometown asked me when we'd get married - straight after your graduation? , when my aunt asked about when evan would come, i told her he wouldn't, which kicked off a 2 hour monologue about break-ups. it is better this way, it truly is. i deserve more than this distance thing which poisoned my life, which made me shut down my life, in so many ways, big and small, from cutting myself off from friends, to losing track of my studies, to not repairing my bike because it wasn't worth it. i deserve to be loved. i deserve someone who cherishes me and my body, who makes me feel safe and wanted and loved. i've started to believe that the distance was one of the reasons why i entered into my last two big relationships, with didi and evan, who both lived far away. it might sound insane, but fact is, i like control, need control, and in those ldrs, i probably (subconsciously) controlled how much i revealed of myself, even when i really didn't feel very much in control. i kept secrets from both partners, too, big secrets. idealisation played a big role in either relationship. both relationship started out as one night stands, and proceeded to deepen because i pushed for it. one of the reasons that i was with didi was probably because i wanted to lean on someone during the major life change of starting law school and moving away, without being tied down locally. as mentioned before, one of the reasons i was with evan, was that i needed to get away from a superficial life i hated and needed an escape -australia-, too. letting go of control has been an issue for me for quite a while. i am scared that the real caro (whoever she is, whatever she is like) is not lovable or desirable. my ocd personality has made even minute things, like letting someone else do my dishes or make my bed or cook dinner in my kitchen, almost impossible. - it's been worse when letting someone take control of a situation, of my life. strangely enough letting go has started to feel better to me. sure, i notice myself noticing when i am letting go, like when dirk does dishes after i cooked dinner, but i *am* letting go, letting it be, not stressing about the right way that my dishes have to be done. i am letting go of wanting to be perfect. i show my insecurities and make myself vulnerable, even after i failed, like i did on wednesday night. things are over with evan. and it is better this way. i am growing and learning and changing, and will not make the same mistakes twice, or rather: a third time. i will not hide in an ldr again.

 southern germany is under a heatwave at the moment: it's been well into the mid thirties every day for the last two weeks. - when i arrived back here tuesday afternoon, getting out of the air-continioned train, the heat was as intense as standing in front of an open oven. - it's mind-numbing, this heat, and it turns getting things done into quite an ordeal. - and there is lots needing to be done in my life right now. i've been extraordinarily busy since returning: i spend several hours yesterday driving around with tina, who needed to buy a fan (which i should really think about getting, too), and had offered to take me to a garden center to buy plants for my balcony, while she was at it. we were successful, after a good 4 hours, and 5 stores, and i was totally drained, thirsty, and hurting afterwards, because i managed to get myself three blisters from my birkenstocks. good grace. however, my balcony is a much friendlier, much more colourful place now. on the windowstill, there is a large urlLink lavender , next to a container with a pink urlLink geranium , flanked by urlLink alysum . there are two small containers with urlLink daisies and orange urlLink osteospermums , next to a urlLink sunflower i got from dirk today, and another container with a red urlLink geranium flanked by urlLink lobelia . in the sunniest corner of the balcony is a container with a really lovely urlLink oleander , which is just getting ready to bloom, next to my mamillaria nivosa cactus. i saw a lovely gardenia at the store, too, but at 12, i can't really afford it's sweet smelling floweriness. or can i? apart from that, there was laundry that needed to be done and i finally managed to drag my bike to the repair shop. 72 later, i had a functional bike again (even though the bike has a date for a much needed complete overhaul next week). it's a life changing thing, having a functional bike again, i never repaired it, because of the lame "i'll be going away to australia" excuse. but then: right now, it ain't functional anymore, anyway: i managed to run into a piece of glass right here in front of my house on the way back from the store, and the back tire is flat again. yeah. i didn't swear though or whine: it was quite simply way too funny. dirk will repair it tomorrow, too, blessed be his manual talents, considering the 18 gears my bike has, it would take me ages to get it done, and get it done correctly. i'm quite happy how calm and happy and well i am, and that i've been doing good stuff for myself, too, despite all that busy-ness since returning. i feel much more like myself than i have in ages, it seems i am re-discovering parts of myself that got lost under the caro i was when with evan. i spend much less time online these past days than in months, and as a not so good side effect, i've been quite unreliable when calling people when i've said i'd do so, because i'm so busy living, filling my days with life. the highlight of the afternoon was sitting in grnwlderstrasse with dieter and reza after picking up my laundry, our feet in the bchle (the little streams of water running through the city), sipping afri cola. people passing by smiled about us. - legend says that if you step into a bchle, you'll have to marry a local. - i wonder whether that pertains to voluntary stepping in, too. no matter what, i am lost anyway: i stepped in twice already anyway. dirk came over last night, too, when all was done for the day, and we sat on the balcony after the nightly thunderstorm, enjoying the cool breeze. the sky was breathtakingly beautiful and tinted pink before the almost full moon came up. we listened to a mix tape i made years ago, talked, and for the first time in years, i was a bad lawyer-to-be, but a relaxed chick and inhaled, which was nice. i guess there are some things one never un-learns, like cycling. or inhaling, deeply. he. today was a much more relaxed day than yesterday, it was too warm to move anyway. it's been a hanging around kinda day, but that was much needed. i realised i can't get the thought of bod mod out of my head. somehow, i want to mark myself, mark how well i am again, how happy. my cartilage piercing marked my being in new zealand, my belly button marked fighting against depression (and in a way was the opening bell to the end with evan, even though that was almost 2 years ago). the thought of a nipple piercing is still there, but i still think it would not look particularly good on my type of breasts and nipples, and just today, i looked at some pics of infected nipple piercings on urlLink bme , which were quite the turn-off. if not a piercing, maybe ink then? it's tempting, very tempting, even more so since it seems as if everyone i meet these days is inked, too, and i've gotten up close and personal with the tats, admiring what they feel like. i'll take my time though, or at least try to: i got the cartilage one on a whim, and while i longed for 7 years for the belly button piercing, i went and got an appointment an hour before getting it. who knows what i'll do now - there are various people here in town who are good tattoo artists. i'm a changed me, and i love it.

 pride is a strange thing. inside myself, it is linked to insecurity. tina and i watched urlLink out of africa tonight, and we cried at the end of it, as usual, from when urlLink karen asks urlLink denys for a dance to make another memory she can torture herself with (or even earlier, actually, when denys talks about mating for life, one day at a time), to when the lions sit on finch hattons grave. the movie brought up one of my recent issues way too well: unconditional love as letting go, love without strings attached. you owe me nothing in return. afterwards, with tina gone, i wasted time online, being too proud to make a phone call that might have eased my mind, too proud, too, to hop on a tram to get some company and conversation. - i waited till it was too late for either. all just because i got insecure, all out of a sudden. it's a little as if walls went up around myself, to protect me and prevent me from showing too much, from getting too close. a call now would show i care, care more than i say i do, maybe. a call right now might be too much, too close, too clingy. honesty shows how much i care for someone, but tonight i am not honest to someone i care about: i don't call, even though i want to. i am playing games in a way, and it doesn't feel good, being mixed up with my insecurity and my pride. i want to love with my hand outstretched, offering, but right now, i am scared of getting hurt, scared of rejection. i will make myself talk about it, tomorrow, when my pride and insecurity have calmed down, when pure, blunt honesty feels right again, when i've caught up on much needed sleep the lack of whose is surely clouding my mind right now, when this balmy night is over.

 "you look so fine i want to break your heart and give you mine you're taking me over it's so insane you've got me tethered and chained i hear your name and i'm falling over i'm not like all the other girls i can't take it like the other girls i won't share it like the other girls that you used to know you look so fine knocked down cried out been down just to find out i'm through bleeding for you i'm open wide i want to take you home we'll waste some time you're the only one for me you look so fine i'm like the desert tonight leave her behind i f you want to show me i'm not like all the other girls i won't take it like the other girls i won't fake it like the other girls that you used to know you're taking me over over and over i'm falling over over and over you're taking me over drown in me one more time hide inside me tonight do what you want to do just pretend happy end let me know let it show ending with letting go let's pretend happy end" "you look so fine" ~garbage~ ---------------------------

 the minute i arrive, i get criticised by the mother, my headaches kick back in, and i start reaching for food for comfort. i should, quite simply, not come to see the parents, unless there are pressing reasons to do so. it's been a stressful and annoying few days, and i can't wait until it is 9:20am tomorrow, and i'll be on my way back home. dirk will pick me up at the train station, there will be yoga that afternoon and dinner afterwards, and jazz ohne stress at night. i have a week off, too, and can finally plant stuff on my balcony. i will have my life back. hooray!

 i'm tired today, and thinking too much. i don't know when and why exactly my mood changed today, from yesterday evenings happiness, but it did, and now i am sitting here feeling blue. i'll be going up to hometown tomorrow, and i really don't want to and have no idea why i am going, besides having said so since easter. but the train tickets have been purchased and it would be 30 to hand them back in, i have an appointment to get my hair cut on friday, an appointment with the health insurance guy on friday as well, and need to buy clothes, urgently, which one can't really do round here. starting friday, i have a week long holiday from uni, and apart from all the stuff i already organised, i'd rather stay here, work out, be around people i like. instead i will have 5 stressful days with the parents, and i am in no mood to deal with them at all. they will ask too much about graduating and finals. they will ask about evan. they will ask about jack. they will ask about daniel and dirk. my mother will make comments on my looks. they will quite simply ask too many questions i don't feel like answering at all. my mother thinks i am unhappy, and keeps telling me that i am. she's also complaining that i've changed, and don't have time for her anymore. and i have changed, and i don't have time for her anymore. - i am busy having a life, being around people, for a change. she seems to be very upset, and told me today that she felt like i "didn't want to deal with them anymore" which is silly parental rhethoric. they'll be visiting in three weeks, why see them now? but well, there is nothing to be changed now, i'll be leaving at midday tomorrow. i still need to pack, and i don't feel like it at all. but i got to start, sooner rather than later because i'll be out tonight, to a lecture by sumaya farhat-naser, a palestinian peace activist who i've admired for a good long while because i read all her books. dirk is coming along, and i am quite sure that i will need a few beers on my balcony in his company after the lecture. i fear that the next few days will be draining instead of relaxing, and i am already running low on energy anyway. in the past, going home was always a refuge, always another way to flee from life here, and right now, i really don't have anything to flee from. which is good.

 apparently, saturn is moving into cancer today, and that seems to have a major impact on pretty much everyone. scarily enough, my horoscope relating to that special event in (and i am deeply sorry for that: purchased when bored at london city airport for several hours) urlLink new woman is spot on. it's all about change. and i don't even believe in horsocopes.

 last night, dirk and i went out to urlLink jazz ohne stress , a weekly session type jazz performance at urlLink waldsee , a local pub thing. it was absolutely fucking awesome. we sat outside by the lake, drinking beer in a warm, but not too humid summer evening, the music tripping to our ears from inside. past 11, it got too chilly so we moved inside and watched and listened to the musicians playing perfect music for a perfect evening. i had a rigo and sat in amazement listening to the premiere of a song the sax player had written to mark his son's birth. when i got home, thunderstorms started. lying in bed, i watched lightning flashes, counting the seconds till the thunder hit, being incredibly happy about where i am right now, and who surrounds me. i wouldn' t want to have it any other way.

 i've been thinking about love a lot this past week, as one does, at the end of a relationship. whiny thoughts of the "i will never be able to love this way ever again" have been rare. fact is, i will never love the way i loved evan ever again, because it was such a lonely, unhealthy, clingy kind of love. so often, it left me sad and drained instead of energised and happy. it wasn't always bad, but it simply wasn't good most of the time. i loved him, feverishly, to no avail. i always tried to love more, harder, more intensely, trying to convince him to love me back. i smothered him in caresses, attention, presents, hoping for a few crumbs of love in return, but rarely got any. i kept moving closer, closing up my eyes to his moving away from me. i cherished his body, knew every square centimeter of his skin and made love to it, while my body remained unloved, untouched by him. i will never be able to love that way again. right now, i feel unbelievable amounts of love for so many friends near and far, and strangely enough, the love i feel is open and without boundaries. instead of closing up, trying to protect myself after this recent bit of heartbreak, heartbreak that lasted 3 1/2 years, i love even more intensely already. - and it's unlike anything i have ever felt before. it's clear, see-through, flowing, open and pure. it's caring intensely, while letting go, letting be, whatever it may be. instead of clutching my fist around love so that it can't escape, i turn my hand upwards, open my hand and offer it. it feels unbelievably good.

 stepping on my balcony at 7am, it felt like a summer morning in melbourne.

 urlLink richard chamberlain has come out of the closet. ....and it won't hamper my enjoyment of urlLink episode 3 in the future one bit. good on him. better late, than never. :)

 i've had a bit of a life this weekend. i worked out lots, spend time with tina, met kathrin, talked to urlLink jack a few times, spend a big chunck of sunday sitting on a hill in the sun with dirk. in short, i was quite the happy girl enjoying summer, and now have the slight sunburn to prove it. ack. ambre solaire 30+ (whose smell gives me flashbacks of my last trip to oz) didn't last throughout the afternoon. while i shall forget some things about aussie life, just so it doesn't hurt that much, i shall not forget the lessons learned about sunscreen and protective clothing, just so burned shoulders won't hurt so much, either. i am dealing with the changed evan situation quite well. i though i'd get angry at some point, like people do when grieving, but so far, that anger is nowhere to be seen. maybe it's because i got so angry weeks, months even, before those last words were said, who knows. right now, i am honestly happy for him having an opinion and mainly think it is his loss, that he won't be coming over again, his loss for not making a final try or at least saying a final goodbye, his loss fpr missing out on a much improved, much happier me, in the best physicial shape i have ever been. his loss, really. am i still sad? in some ways, yes. yesterday, i showed dirk a book i thought he might like, tim winton's "an open swimmer", and when i opened it, two scraps sof paper, which i had used as bookmarks, fell out: one was a receipt from dymocks geelong, where i had bought the book, the other a scrap of paper from geelong hospital, with evans full name, his pager number and password on it. it was strange to see his name on that bit of paper, and it made me sad, too. i can see him taking it out of his breastpocket when coming home in the evening, putting it on his bedside table (the one that i reworked), with his hospital id, pens, pager and all the other stuff he usually carried around. it's sad how many things, big and small, will be different now. it is such a giant thing to not be moving to melbourne anymore because of him, even though i am well aware that if i want to, i still can. our relationship was so many things besides the two of us. it was driving around singing along to u2. it was watching the bombers play. it was lots of music, something for kate, looking for cds at jb hifi. it was our two different languages. it was making love in all the rooms of his new house. it was cooking certain meals together. it was flying across the world. it was melbourne in all its glory. it was getting to know geelong. it was running along the river and working out together. it was being picked up in moonee ponds with pretzels. it was rituals we had. it was the poses he would strike when i walked into the bathroom while he showered. i miss these things now, too, and the memories of these things keep hitting me, in strange moments. saturday afternoon, i did my usual ab exercises, and realised he taught them to me. friday, i couldn't get the view of downtown coming from ascot vale out of my head. i can't listen to lots of music. besides all that, i had started to built a life in melbourne. i had my very own colleagues and friends, i had my own footie team that i knew and loved and cheered till my throat was sore, i knew my way around the courts and the libraries, i had my own phone number and voice mail, i was registered as a blood donor, i could navigate the city, i had applications for schools, i had taken my ielts, i knew which suburb i wanted to live in, the barista at the local coffee place knew me. i was a local, at least a little. and now all that is gone, too, and that hurts as much as not having evan in my life anymore, which is quite sad in itself. how did he, did we get lost along the way? how and why did all these things start to matter so much?

 i am going up north to see the parents tomorrow. am not exactly happy about the whole thing, really, but my grandma has been in hospital since thursday. she's scheduled for an op on monday, to remove dead tissue on her foot. at 93, full fledge anesthesia is a risky business, and considering i wasn't there for her birthday two weeks ago, an emergency trip is in order. i really hate the "i am visiting because you might die in this" stuff, but that's it, really, in a way, and i am not thrilled. apart from the bad rason to go up north, the train trip ain't gonna be fun, either: i've got cystitis (if this is a light one, as my doc told me, i'd never wish a severe on upon anyone, ever), and that train ride should be fun. am catching an ice train, just because they've got the nicer loos, and my tip will only be about 4 hours. and i'll arrrive on time to see the tour arrive in paris, too. it's almost all organised, only need to pack now and clean a little, which i will do while watching today's time trial, the most exiting day in tour history since the urlLink legendary last stage battle between lemont and fignon in 1989 . dirk will come over, too, for his first full afternoon of tour coverage. later, (after lance has enlarged the time gap between him an ullrich, i hope), i'll only have to find a home for my plants. i hope andrea can look after them, talk to them, water them. it's still all chit chat, what i am writing. too much happening in my head, too much stuff on my mind, and i feel too sick anyway. off to watch the tour, which will be nail-bitingly exciting. may it lighten up my life.

 i'm kinda speechless these days. it's the heat and the mid-airish-ness of not knowing where my balance is, i guess, and just life in general, with all its changes. i haven't seen dirk since sunday: lovely urlLink jens is still in town, and the two of them needed some time together, and that was -of course- just fine with me. what was bizarre, and felt kinda ridiculous, though, was being on the phone with dirk in the evening, just 10 minutes away, both of us missing/wanting/needing each other, yet neither of us just hopping on our bikes to make the contact immediate. it felt like punishment. or something. who ever said that absence makes the heart grow fonder was a liar. i'll drive over to dirk's place in a short little while, to see jens off at the train station in the early afternoon. it's a bit of a bummer that we didn't get more time together, but i am sure this wasn't the last time we'll meet. i've used this little bit of lone time, too, studying, watching the tour, doing yoga, casually looking for a job (found a 6 day research stint at the commerce department which would pay 100 per day, applied, and am now crossing my fingers), applying for a seminar in september with silke, going to jazz ohne stress with tina last night. she's indeed leaving in three weeks, to spend the next 6 months preparing for finals at her parent's place. i don't think that's a good idea at all, but if she thinks she needs parental supervision to actually study, i hope it'll work for her. it surely wouldn't for me. she found someone to rent her place for those 6 months yesterday, so it is going to be real, her move, and that's strange going to be strange for me, because no matter how often i've whined about her since we've re-united, she is an exceptional friend to have around, and having her back in my life has made an enormous difference. her move will make an enormous difference in my life now, too. i am speechless. this writing is just chit-chat, nothing more, and it annoys me, really, that my voice is gone for now, and that my need to write, too. it will return, of that i am sure. i just wish i had something to say. i wish this life limbo was over.

 urlLink today's stage as seen from space. a brilliant link, brought to you from bob. thanks!

 what has been making mondays so strange lately? i wonder, really. for some bizarre reason, the last few mondays have all been low days, and today is no exception. it's still this finding a balance thing that i've been mentioning for a while now, i guess. i bet the best thing would be to not stress and to relax instead, but that's hard, when my favourite emotions come creeping up again. welcome fave emotions, hang around, we'll have a good time, my darlings! hello guilt. hello selfdoubt. hello selfhate. so lovely to see you here, settle down and have a drink with me. it's silly, really, to feel responsible for other people's feelings and emotions and matters, and i should, quite simply, just snap out of wanting to control it all, and let things be and take words as they are spoken, without too many interpretations. too bad that i've never been good at that. too bad i've never been too good at recognising my needs either. it's no big deal, overall. but it's a tad bit annoying that mondays make me sad. and that i am feeling sulky and stupid knowing i am just that, sulky and stupid and that feeling and acting that way is childish and totally counter productive. am still not taking better care of myself better, still nowhere near figuring out my needs. i need to do both and remember to just love above it all, which i do, anyway. loving is easy, after all. at least urlLink lance showed good form today. that's something to love, too.

 there's been little to say and little desire to come up with sparkly written stuff: life is simple, love-filled, bloody damn good, and time passes, quickly, too quickly, to sit down for writing. there's been much loving this week, the summer, the heat, the tour for entertainment, an excellent therapy session on wednesday, and lots of yoga, too. the weekend shall be good, too: jens will be arriving in just about 2 hours, and i'm excited about meeting him for the first time tomorrow, for brekkie: the boys shall have a night to catch up before i come into the equation. the downtown street party is on outside my door, and for the first time in years, i am not annoyed, but excited about live music and people and fun right downstairs. it sure is loud till late (there was noise till 2am this morn), but the mornings are quiet, because the delivery trucks usually waking me up at ungodly hours can't get through. oh, heaven: sleeping in with dirk by my side, after a past midnight joint, and a 90 minute tour de france docu on arte. so yeah, i am repeating myself: but i love life, this july.

 i'm in housewifey clean-up overload. and i love it. it's going to be a lovely day. - not just because my place will be super tidy and shiny and new at the end of it, the first mountain stage of the urlLink tour is happening all day to keep me company and entertain me, as i dust my book shelves and wash my windows. yeah. i threw tons of stuff and random papers away yesterday, chatting to tina while deciding what to keep and what to chuck, and it's amazing how much better i feel the more i throw away, the leaner, cleaner and tidier my place gets. it's good to have some time for myself this weekend, and so much of it, too, even though i am not doing anything really exciting with it. i need it, this down time, this taking stock and being homey and watching the tour, hoping that urlLink lance will be in yo-yo at the end of the weekend (if not today). oh, life. in july. lovely.

 dirk came over at 8am, having just missed the train to luzern he and his brother had wanted to take. our disagreement yesterday about the details of the trip (and whether i should know such details as to what country they were going and what day they might be returning) had been short and ridiculous, but hurtful nonetheless. -it ruined my day, completely, and left me angry with myself and him and everything. - and wondering about the line between free love and letting someone treat me poorly. it felt ridiculous and pointless, because i was happy for him and wishing him well for his travels with his brother, and knew that he was still tired and hungover from the night before, and that i had sounded controlling and silly, too. he walked up the staircase to my door, this morning, his pack on his back, and brekkie from the bakery for me in his hands, and we hugged, and kissed, and we both said our sorries and apologies, and later kissed and loved and apologised some more until it was well again. our bodies had to do some of the talking. it means so much to me that he came over this morning, that he brought my fave brekkie, that he made the first step and that we got to have a good goodbye. it was all very good, and much needed, too. so yeah. still learning, still working on finding a balance. guess it'll take a while. but that's fine.

 i donated blood yesterday. sitting in the lab room, waiting that the nurse getting got ready to take my blood pressure, body temp and hb, i chat with her, telling her i am curious what my hb will be like because it was too low to doante last time. she asks me whether i am "in the field" , medical personnel. - it's a question i hear quite often when at the docs: it's caused by the type of language i use when talking about medical issues, i guess, and by the type of things i ask and know. it happens when you date a doc for 3+ years: you start using that kind of language. before my brain switches in, i reply "no, i'm not in the medical field, but my partner is a doc." . uh-oh. as i say that sentence, i realise that wasn't the case anymore, and cringe. i tell myself that correcting that mistake isn't worth it, because i'll share a total of five minutes with the nurse and most likely never see her again. little do i know what kind of discussion she'll get into though. "so what do you do?" she asks me "i'm a lawyer-to-be." , i tell her, as i lean my arm on the padded cushion, so she can take my blood pressure. as she puts the sleeve around my arm, simultaenously pops a thermometer in my ear and continues her examination of me she informs me " i really don't want to upset you, but i have to tell you that i think lawyers and doctors really make shabby couples." uh? pardon me? the nurse gets into a big fat talk about how incompatible lawyers and doctors are in regards to love and even included examples about every doc and lawyer couple she ever knew. it is quite a funny situation, actually. i sit there in my chair, being examined, pretty much silent, smiling to myself and silently agreeing with her on things such as work dedication and frame of mind being obstacles for good doctor/lawyer relationships. but i can't tell her it is behind me, that struggle, and that i really don't need or want her advice, because i ditched the doctor several weeks ago. "how long has it been going on?" she asks, after scribbling my exam results on my donation form (bp as high as ever, temp 36.8, hb 14,4 on second taking, after 11,7 the first time. uh? odd.) and as i get ready to leave the room, i tell her "three and a half years." . "that's quite a while." , she replies. "good luck then. but if things go wrong, don't let that passed time stand in the way of leaving, yes?" i nod, thank her, and head for the room where the doc will have a final look at me before 500ml of blood will move from my bod into a plastic bag. i don't need any more luck, or that kind of advice anymore. found that one out myself, after all. that's what i call luck.

 urlLink friday five! 1. do you remember your first best friend? Who was it? my first best friend was anna, the daughter of one of my mom's friends. they lived just around the corner. anna is a year younger than me, and we have pictures showing us together from her birth on. we spend our childhoods together, cycled around our village, later hung out at starlight express as young teens, travelled to the uk various times, spend a summer in spain. 2. are you still in touch with this person? no. anna and i, we lost touch in the years after i moved down here. we last met in 1999, when she visited, and we noticed that we had hardly anything in common anymore. it had been approaching for years, that break-up of sorts, because during the second half of our teenage years, it became obvious that our interests were very different, after all. 3. do you have a current close friend? yes. my dearest tina, in faraway graz. i haven't seen her in a year, because i was always out of the country when she was in town, and just haven't manaed to travel to her end of europe yet. but i'll hopefully, hopefully see her next month! yay! finally! and well, there is dirk, but that's different. :) 4. how did you become friends with this person? i met tina in the first year here in town. we were neighbours, living on the same floor: she lived alone, i shared a flat with the flatmate from hell. over the months, she spend more and more time at my place, hanging out almost every night, eating pasta and rice pudding, watching the telly and talking about our days. oh, the old days. 5. is there a friend from your past that you wish you were still in contact with? why? yes. many friends, actually. when i got depressed, three years ago, i cut off ties to many good friends from the past (many of them from the exchange), for no real reason at all. i miss timm, for example. and chris. and so many others. one of these days, i should kick myself in the butt, and get back in touch. - because all those i am back in touch with again (like mic, and local tina), were lovely and cool about having me back in their lives.

 i looked at him today, sitting on my balcony, and waited, trying to figure out where i fit into the plans he was telling me about it didn't and doesn't feel good, that waiting thing. - it's cowardly. and all just because i am getting scared by living in the now. thing is: i love dirk. i love him so much it is turning my head and my life and my heart upside down. so much i think and feel things i don't feel comfy posting here because they are so insane, after this short while, so intense, too: love making (in the truest sense of the word), life, babies and forever and always. it's insane, but feels so bloody damn good. today, i had trouble letting that love be, letting it take whatever way it will go, had trouble letting dirk be and accept his choices and that he might be going away. "you can ask for space for yourself/and only yourself and i'll grant it/you can ask for freedom as well/or time to travel and you'll have it/you can ask to live by yourself/or love someone else and i'll support it/you can ask for anything you want/anything at all and i'll understand it/and there are no strings attached to it" today, that didn't work, really, that didn't feel ok. my first impulse was to lock myself up, stop wanting, caring, loving to avoid possible hurt. all just because i got scared. scared by the intensity of it all, scared by the future, scared by what it will be like if he does go away, well knowing that there is no alternative to letting him go if he choose to, letting him do whatever he feels like doing. deep down inside i know i will be okay, if he goes away. i know my love won't end with that, i know that even if it does, one day, it will be good to look back at it and know that i experienced this love, in its intensity. but today, the one wish dominating it all was the one for permanence. i want this to last. i really really want this to last. i want him. it's so silly to want him, because i "got" him, after all (or so he tells me), and the only thing that counts is today, is the now. i know that it is normal this longing for permanence, but right now, it's poisonous and wrong. - we're both figuring out where to go and what to do with our lives: this is not the time for putting chains and limitations on each other. and his freedom, the travelling, the adventures make him the man that he is, the man that i love. but where do i fit in? what do i want from him, from life? where do i want my life to be? i still haven't figured out any of that, still haven't found a balance between life and this love thing, still haven't progressed much regarding my life plans. i don't know what to do about my insecurities and fears, i know i need to look them in the eyes and convince them they have no basis and are pointless, because all there ever is is the now, and that i am blessed and happy for all that *is* in the now right now. it will work out, i know it. i will figure out my path, live in the now, stand up to those fears and insecurities, let him be and i and it all will be fine. but right now, it seems kinda overwhelming. this love thing is truly turning it all upside down and inside out.

 sunday night, 7pm. location: urlLink zmf . weather: 23C, sunshine, light wind. summer has returned, after a week of much needed rain. tina and i sat on the hill behind the large tent, on a checked plaid, with tomatoes & mozzarella, warm bread, veges & dips, ice cold wine and mousse au chocolate for dessert, listening to urlLink carl orff's carmina burana in all it's paradoxical, passionate, percussion glory. we chatted whenever the soprano sang because her voice hardly left the tent, read along to the lyrics in the grande moments and swayed and yo-ed in tune, too, and had the most delightful evening in ages. the sun set over the kaiserstuhl in time with the reprise of "oh fortuna", and we later cycled home, well fed and well entertained. summer. wow. have i mentioned before how much i love july?

 i love my life. and july. i am in love like i never thought possible. dirk came over late wednesday night and stayed till this morning when it was time for school, because we were unable to say goodbye last night. he went to school in the work pants he had worn wednesday afternoon and my villa maria rugby shirt. the urlLink tour starts tomorrow, and i've got my day firmly planned around the broadcast of the prolouge. hell, i've got the next two weeks firmly planned around the tour. i re-potted my sunflowers today. i worked out, for the first time since the bike crash and the heat, and loved it, and chatted nicely with folks at the gym. there are many good people, near and far, that i care about, and who care about me. i am slowly but surely figuring out what i want to do with my life. mic is coming over tonight, and i'll be cooking chicken in djion-mustard curry sauce, followed by jamie oliver's mousse au chocolate. it's been raining for almost three days straight, and between showers, the air is fresh, the sky is washed clear, and the clouds are fluffy and white. i love my life, this july.

 how come, by the way, that once goodstuff starts happening in your life, you attract more goodstuff? like good people, for example? i am so happy about all those fantastic, interesting people who have recently popped up in my life, and about what has been happening through and with them. there's dirk, of course, and all his friends that i am just getting to know. there's urlLink jens calls within hours of me thinking about talking to him, as does tina. i had a lovely evening with my new downstairs neighbour andrea. unexpected snail mail from gabriel, who i met on the plane to montreal, arrived today, and when i pick it up at the post office (oversized envelope and all), i run into mic, whom i haven't seen in 18 months or so, but whom i thought about just last week. - we're meeting up tomorrow. wow. lucky me.

 i keep looking at dirk, in disbelief, totally speechless, because of what i feel for him, what he feels for me, how happy i am, how happy we are. he leans on me, cuddles up to me, and it feels like home. i am wide open and in shock because of this fantastic intimacy thing, so breathtaking and sexy and the biggest turn-on i can imagine. it's all so bloody damn good. wow. this morning, being awake way too early (last nights vino consumption with andrea ruined my sleep cycle), dirk sleeping wrapped around me, what had happened last night, happened just like that, feeling fabulous and exciting and new, was still super present in my head. a bit of worry crept in, stunned worry at the intensity of it all, and wonder about whether it's good, the way we're doing all this, so intensely, so immediate, without holding back. can there be too much of this intimacy thing, too much, too soon, too few boundaries? "if we have all this, share all this, do all this already, might we run out of things to share in the not too distant future? in the light of day, and after a few more hours of sleep and thinking, i reckon that those thoughts this morning were subconscious catholic girl shame (long thought under control) backlashashing, coupled with fear of getting hurt and me sabotaging my own happines (as usual). the first being the result of years of parental and societal conditioning and the last remnants of body shame and taboo still there, the latter the result of past hurt. if i stop the thoughts and take time to feel what is there, i know it is right, though, all of it. it feels perfect and amazing and fantastic. this is what i always hoped, wanted love to be, to feel like. this immediateness, this intimacy. and now that it's here, now that i feel it, i need to get my head around this happiness and bliss and intimacy. but i am getting there. and i can't imagine us running out of anything any time soon.

 wann kommst vorbei lehnst dich an mich du hast mein herz so unaufgerumt komm einfach rein du strst berhaupt nicht ich hab sowieso grad davon getrumt das du vorbei kommst ist meine hoffnung mitten in der dunkelsten nacht komm einfach rein die tr ist offen ich hab sowieso grad an dich gedacht wann kommst du vorbei? "wann kommst du vorbei" ~niels frevert~

 as we walked along kaiser-josef-strasse yesterday morning, holding hands, dirk planted his right, flip-flop clad foot accidentally, but firmly and completely nonetheless, into a urlLink bchle . legend has that when that happens, you'll marry a local. do i count as a local, after 6 years here? the jury is still out on that one, but nonetheless, i couldn't help laughing, and kept telling him throughout the day that he was verloren now. he insisted that he had gewonnen though, instead. he.

 i bought a urlLink moleskine yesterday. a5, ruled. an expensive beautiful piece of stationary art it is, awaiting words and ideas to be expressed between its pages. it's going to be my first paper diary in years, 4 years, or 5, i am not so sure. it will be an experiment to write on paper again. it currently feels like i will take a break from writing online for a while. how long, i can't say. maybe a few days. or a few weeks. - quite likely not for good though: this got so important over the years, i don't think i'll quit completely, ever. but right now, i need to take stock and find words again, in my mother tongue, on paper, where only dirk and i will read them. there has been change, so much change these last months, this year, that i need my thoughts for myself, and myself alone, without an audience besides dirk. it hasn't felt quite right to write here for a while now. i've been inspirationless. i don't like the semi-publicity of this at the moment. i don't like that evan started reading after ignoring it for years. overall it just doesn't feel like it used to, to write here. i want to remember and re-discover the joy of writing and chronicling, i want to be honest, and i think it will have to be the old fashioned way, slow writing, with a pen, and paper. this is not goodbye (yet). but this onlinething has got competition now, my lovely moleskine, still virginal and empty. so very much unlike this thing here.

 i got the 600 for 6 days work marketing job from uni. yay. after the initial interview the week before last, i was told i got it. mid last week came an email informing me that no, i couldn't join, they were only taking marketing students. early this morning, however, came a call from sylvie, the organsier, and a final ok. i just got back from the first planning session. it's going to be funky: it will involve interviewing customers to identigfy the value of a brand, a bit of travelling and work at 3 shops near stuttgart, and three overnight stays at hotels that i can pick. started planning already. oh, schwaben. it's going to be a cultural experience. he. :) (and all is fine and dandy with dirk. it really is. few things a mid-day talking-kissing-undressing can't make better.)

 that's what you get for wanting the moment to last: dirk is going home up north, for a few weeks at the end of the month, when the lease of the flat he shares with kolja ends. he wants and needs time with his family, and life down here is awfully expensive, and he hasn't got a job yet, nor an internship. it's fine. of course it is. but it still hurts, for reasons that have little do to with him, and so much more to do with me, and past hurt. i worry that he'll forget me and that what we have will turn abstract while he's gone. i worry that he will get a fabulous internship in a great place (which i really hope he will get), but will head out to south america or new zealand or wherever welse, without seeing me again. i worry so much, made a silly scene last night, for no reason at all. this just hits all my buttons, his leaving, brings up all my fave emotions, even though i consciously know it ain't a big deal at all, and that we'll be fine, that he'll have enough of home in a short little while, and that it'll work out. but today, i'm still feeling kinda blue.

 it's been a long week with neither time, nor headspace for writing. my trip home was stressful. my grandmother was in critical condition, the op on monday unsuccesful, and on wednesday, her right leg was amputated mid-thigh. the odds to survive that second operation were apparently 10:90 against survival, but she's pretty much ok right now, if weak, tired and anemic. i returned down here on tuesday night nontheless, because it was just too taxing to be up there with the parents. when i arrived back here, one of the first things i did was cry for a good little while, because i was so exhausted from the trips to the hospital, supporting my mom (because my dad treated her like shit) and sad about the prospect of my grandma loosing her leg. monday and tueday, i wished she would die before the op. she was extremely weak and non-communicative and it seemed to me as if the docs wanted to operate her, just to put her to sleep, so to say. it seemed to me that it would be better if she didn't have to go through the amputation and the realisation that the leg she has walked on for 93 years is gone now, but for now, she seems to be doing ok. the docs are surprised, and everyone else is. too. she woke up after the op with perfect blood pressure (120/70) - i don't have that good blood pressure ever, really. my grandma and i, we've talked on the phone pretty much every day. no great conversations or whatever, just brief little chats and she's lovely and sweet and telling me she's "a little better" compared to the day before when i ask her how she is, and i tell her that i love her, think about her and pray for her. she asked me for the latter the day of her op, and i went to the cathedral, lit a candle, and said the prayer's she wanted me to say for her, even though i never really pray this christian way anymore. so yeah, it's been a strange week in that regard, really. when the ice train came into the train station tuesday night, dirk waiting on the platform, it felt like much needed coming home. this city is home, for now, finally, and dirk is my home, too. he had the keys to my flat while i was away, had watched the telly there, slept there, and it was lovely to come home to my place and find it alive, lights on, late night dinner waiting to be cooked for me in the kitchen. it's great to come home to a person that you love. the weeks has run by somehow, it's saturday already, and in a few hours my friend meals from sydney, currently living in konstanz, will arrive for the weekend. the last time i saw her was in melbourne, in september last year. it's strange how different life is now, compared to back then, how different i am, too. i told her on the phone i wasn't with evan anymore, and she hadn't heard about it yet, and that was strange, too. i hope we'll have a good, quiet time together, with lots of talking and hanging around. it's going to be a really hot weekend, and lounging on a lakeside will quite likely be as adventurous as it gets. speaking of evan... i finally got an email from him, after three weeks or so, and he tells me he, too, is seeing someone else, which i am happy about, and that he checked out my blog a few weeks ago, which i am not happy about. he never did that when we were together: why now, i wonder, why not earlier? how utterly ridiculous. i just don't get him, but then i don't think i need to get him anymore, so it's all fine and dandy. es ist wie es ist. or whatever. i hope i will finally have time and headspace for real writing sometime next week. it's strange how time is rushing past, filled with love and hours in bed and sun and books and talks and people, and i don't chronicle what's happening. i want to remember what happened this summer, years from now, want to remember what i thought, what i did, what i read. is this grasping, wanting more than the now? quite likely. but i am so happy, so thankful for life, this summer, that i want to be able to look back at these days should sadder times ever return. yes, that is grasping. how silly. but i forgive myself. it's that love thing, which is simultaneously clouding my mind, and opening my eyes.

 today is the 55th birthday of germany's basic law, our constitution. i love our basic law; reading its first 20 articles is one of the few things that make me feel patriotic. reading it always makes me proud of the "fathers and mothers of the basic law", about their wanting to learn from the past, and build a better future for germany. it rocks. it's pure constitutional poetry. today was also the 11th election of the bundesprsident, germany's head of state, an event held on the birthday of the basic law, every 5 years. i watched the procedure on the telly, as i've done before: it's always a good show, that election. the pre-reports that focus on all the famous folks invited into the bundesversammlung, info on the nominees, that sort of thing. of course, the standard bundesprsidenten-wahl question was in order, too, same as everytime: why not let the people elect the president directly? it was so funny really, to hear all those sportsmen and women (who the conservatives invited to come along and vote) asking these bizarre questions and telling the reporters they would like to see the prsident take up a more active role in everyday politics. it made me shudder. read the law, you morons, take a look back in history, and realize why. fact is, the role of the bundesprsident was specifically crafted in the basic law as a mainly representative one, and the non-direct election of the prsident is an essential part of that. our prsident is supposed to be above day to day politics, to be non-partisan. he is supposed to give impulses to current politics, without being directly involved in them. an actual election campaign could taint that. fighting for voted could taint that. it would open the office to populism. - and quite simply put, we just haven't had too good experiences with directly elected heads of state round here. not that i think we germans would be on the verge of falling into a dictatorship again, if we let the people vote, but i just don't want urlLink bild to decide who will represent this country. i know the whole representation thing makes the office of the bundesprsident sound pretty useless, but i've found all our presidents to have offered invaluable impulses and ideas to the country, its people and politics. some more, some less, obviously, but in my opinion its the transcendence of the job, that made it possible for them, to give those impulses. theodor heuss, our first prsident, shaped the job he was the first to have. he showed that being without direct responsibilities (apart from signing laws and swearing in ministers and chancellors) didn't have to mean being un-important. he was a father figure to a whole generation, lovingly called "papa heuss". he visited every country that germany had occupied in the previous decades, as a dignified, open, interested man, presenting himself, and the country he represented, as intellectual people who did not ignore the past, but who were, at the same time, looking forward into the future. no german who has ever heard it can forget richard von weizsckers speech on the 40th anniversary of the end of wwII; i even own it as a book. no one can disregard the important work roman herzog did in re-uniting germany. just our current president, johannes rau, was never to my personal liking, mainly because he was the head of my home state and because of his preacher-like rhetorics: many believe though, that he has served our country well these past 5 years. i don't really, but thankfully, his time is over in a few weeks anyway. considering the bundesprsident is supposed to be above all party politics and be an identification figure for the people, and considering this has worked well these past 55 years, as all presidents have scored exceptionally high approval rates within a few weeks of their election, the election process itself has always been an awfully partisan affair, and this year was no exception. strangely enough though, both candidates ended up being both to my liking. for the first time, none of the usual suspects, long serving supreme court judges or politicians made the short list: both urlLink horst khler and urlLink gesine schwan are professors. i liked horst khler right from the start, even though i hated the way he was selsected. i saw his first tv interview wth his wife, and his bio, manners, smile, internationalism and former position as head of the urlLink international monetary fund were very impressive. knowing about the make-up of the bundesversammlung, i had little doubt he'd be elected anyway. so why not someone who has spend the last few years on the outside, looking in? in a time were germany needs a lot of input, new directions, that's surely a good position to have been in. gesine schwan seemed strange at first, but she grew on me. today to be exact. i watched my first thorough reports on her today, shortly before the voting started. i hadn't known that she had been thrown out of the spd for being to "middle of the road", hadn't known about her family actively opposing the nazis, about her ideas on society. i realised today, that there were more reasons to elect her than just her gender; some of the things she said were absolutey fabulous. where khler used economics as arguments, she used sociology. i totally agree with her that blindly supporting a totally flexible society causes indifference, un-attachment and loss of societal bonds, and that that can not be a goal of society. i realised, as the votes were already counted in berlin, that she would have been a totally new kind of president, not just because of her gender, but because of her unbelievable drive, energy and smile, because of her complete un-attachement to current politics (that being something she shares with khler) and even more so because of her focus on society, not politics. she frequently said that politics was more than economics, that is something i can only second. however, as expected, khler won the election, and will be our new bundesprsident. he won on as small a margin as possible, a little coup doubtlessly organised by rampant cdu electors, but i have no doubts that he will do a good job, even if i already see myself disagreeing with him; he mentioned somewhere, that we need a new discussion on abortion law. we surely don't. in general though, he seems like an interesting, well-educated man, who gained a lot of insight into global politics in his last job. in addition, his family seems fabulous, too. he has got an interesting wife, they are parents to a son who was a teenage parent, and to a daughter who is severely disabled. i think that surely makes him someone who can speak first hand about a wide variety of issues. it was great watching this today, seeing our democracy in action, both fantastic candidates being so thankful, so honored to have been nominated in the first place, for this highest office of our country; khler being totally fluttered and happy and shy when the results came in, when history had been made. but still. it would have been nice if it would have been a woman this time, a woman as qualified as gesine schwan. if even more history had been made today. ----------------------------- more politics: urlLink nytimes: susan sontag - "regarding the torture of others" sontag makes a large number of excellent points in her fantastic essay on the power of pictures and words. it made me realise that fuck, the rhetorics of the bush administration have tainted my view of reality, too: what happened in abu ghreib was torture. not humiliation, abuse or mistreatment. as a lawyer to be, i should be more aware of my words. at least this language ain't mine, so i got an excuse: i've always accurately referred to it as "folter" during discussion in german, after all. sontag effectively and captivatingly puts into words what i have found myself unable to express about the torture by american soldiers as well. "looking at these photographs, you ask yourself, how can someone grin at the sufferings and humiliation of another human being? set guard dogs at the genitals and legs of cowering naked prisoners? force shackled, hooded prisoners to masturbate or simulate oral sex with one another? and you feel naive for asking, since the answer is, self-evidently, people do these things to other people. rape and pain inflicted on the genitals are among the most common forms of torture. not just in nazi concentration camps and in abu ghraib when it was run by saddam hussein. americans, too, have done and do them when they are told, or made to feel, that those over whom they have absolute power deserve to be humiliated, tormented. they do them when they are led to believe that the people they are torturing belong to an inferior race or religion. for the meaning of these pictures is not just that these acts were performed, but that their perpetrators apparently had no sense that there was anything wrong in what the pictures show." [...] "shock and awe were what our military promised the iraqis. and shock and the awful are what these photographs announce to the world that the americans have delivered: a pattern of criminal behavior in open contempt of international humanitarian conventions. soldiers now pose, thumbs up, before the atrocities they commit, and send off the pictures to their buddies. secrets of private life that, formerly, you would have given nearly anything to conceal, you now clamor to be invited on a television show to reveal. what is illustrated by these photographs is as much the culture of shamelessness as the reigning admiration for unapologetic brutality." [...] (on attempts of the administration to prevent the release of more torture pictures) "but the real push to limit the accessibility of the photographs will come from the continuing effort to protect the administration and cover up our misrule in iraq -- to identify 'outrage' over the photographs with a campaign to undermine american military might and the purposes it currently serves. just as it was regarded by many as an implicit criticism of the war to show on television photographs of american soldiers who have been killed in the course of the invasion and occupation of iraq, it will increasingly be thought unpatriotic to disseminate the new photographs and further tarnish the image of america. after all, we're at war. endless war. and war is hell, more so than any of the people who got us into this rotten war seem to have expected. in our digital hall of mirrors, the pictures aren't going to go away. yes, it seems that one picture is worth a thousand words. and even if our leaders choose not to look at them, there will be thousands more snapshots and videos. unstoppable." one of the best things, if not the best thing, i have read so far on this. speaking of pictures of american soldiers who have been killed, i came across urlLink the washington post: faces of the fallen - us fatalities in iraq today. shocking. totally shocking. now imagine a similar database with all the iraqi victims. yeah. that would be the start of a revolution against bush. or at least i hope it would be. also at the washingtonpost: urlLink in iraq, the job opportunity of a lifetime - managing a $13 billion budget with no experience . young us conservatives, fresh from grad school, have made decisions in iraq they were totally not capable of doing. scary shit. urlLink aaron posted that the article reminded him "why enthusiastic young white conservatives shouldn't be allowed to leave the us without adult supervision, let alone being put in charge of rebuilding a country" . right on. and lastly: urlLink i am happy for michael moore . in a war like his, a war against stupidity, all weapons are allowed.

 i am feeling a tiny little bit better, healthwise, at least compared to yesterday. yesterday was awful; i felt progressively worse during the day and got pretty scared when i couldn't speak at all by nighttime. it happened as i was calling dirk, i just couldn't get words out, all i could do was cough and hoarsely whisper. dirk didn't even recognize my voice. duh. can't blame him. so today is better, and that's good. slept a little bit better (albeit not much), can speak a little, can think a little, the headache and facial pain are bearable, the muscle and joint pain, too. depending on how i'll feel tomorrow, i might still go to the docs in the morning, just to check. the self-diagnosis is that of a simple common cold that has turned into sinusitis and laryngitis; the latter could be to blame for that muscle and joint pain, i guess. it's awful, and i never really had that before. so yeah. i still look like shit, too, swollen face and neck and huge bags under my eyes. there's a lecture i should go to at 2pm tomorrow, i'll see whether i can manage: considering the short 10 minute walk to the bakery this morning left me needing a nap afterwards, i am not so sure. i'll see how it goes. i just hate being sick. i hate it so much, and the last few months have had so much sickness and so many disease scares, i've had enough for a few years. in late november, after a few weeks of very intense work, i had sudden hearing loss in my left ear. it happened after a week that consisted of an exam, a 3 day ip seminar where i held a presentation (and hardly slept, because of socialising, preparation for that presentation and attending a 5am morning vesper mass) and a day of 15 hours of market research work at a noisy, busy airport. that same day, my grandma died, news that weren't surprising, but pretty bad nonetheless. when i arrived back home that night, i was totally wiped out, cried for a while, while dirk tried to comfort me, and feel into bed. i woke up at about 3am, with an awful, awful noise in my ear, that wouldn't go away. i felt like i was under water, one side of me at least. no matter how many times i tried to "un-pop" my ear, it just wouldn't change at all. the noise in my head totally stressed me out, i started to get totally irrational and scared. the noise and the balance problems were totally frightening. unfortunately, i didn't know that those psychological symptoms are part of sudden hearing loss. - i might have been able to relax a little, if i had know. i went to the er early that morning, where they couldn't do much but tell me to go to the ent later that day, which i did. hearing tests showed massive hearing loss. i also had tinnitus in that ear. with swift treatment (basically blood-thinning meds) and silence and relaxing and sleeping, my hearing returned over the course of a few days. the urlLink ">tinnitus stayed though; even though it has gotten a lot better in recent weeks. just now, with this cold, it has made a return. it was an awful experience. it didn't help, that the cause of that kind of hearing loss is not quite understood: some think it's a circulation issue; others reckon an electrolyte balance inside the ear is to blame, in some cases it's noise. the main belief is, that it's caused by stress and personality structure. obsessive-compulsives are quite prone to it. uhm, yeah, stress. obesessiveness. yeah. interestingly enough, phil collins had sudden hearing loss, too, and still has tinnitus as well. another possible cause for sudden hearing loss is urlLink acoustic neuroma , a tumor on the hearing nerve. it's pretty rare, but apparently pretty frequent in cases of hearing loss at my age. yeah, a brain tumor. that kinda scared me. a whole lot, actually. after several hours worth of tests, that was ruled out though. quite a relief. after that whole hearing loss drama, i had a massive bout of flu that knocked me out over christmas. then came an intense allergic reaction, and tests showed that i am allergic to a wide variety of metals, sheep wool (!), molds of various kinds, foods (including sea food, milk etc.) and a whole lot more. yeah. after that, after changing my bcp prescription, i had awful full-body-itching, which i though to be a side effect, while my gyno thought it to be the onset of urlLink acute intermittent porphyria , a chronic liver disease. yeah. more scary shit. a gastroenterologist sorted me out though, and my liver is fine. then, in march, the good old tension headache made a dramatic little return. muscle relexants and a few low doses of elavil did the trick though, and i talked my doc into giving me a prescription for 6 session with a physiotherapist, and those have helped tremendously. still have 3 to go, and they are such fun. it seems that my first vertebrae is to blame, so the physio (young, pretty and muscular) searches out the muscles supporting my head, presses certain spots for a while (which hurts, hurts, hurts), but afterwards, i feel better. pretty amazing. evan's new partner is a physiotherapist, too; i can understand how he chose an apparently less intellectually interesting (his words, not mine) relationship with someone with those manual skills over an ldr with me. surely nice to have someone with those skills nearby at all times. i'd like that, too. he. so yeah, in general, i think my body has been telling me, in pretty dramatic ways, that something simply isn't right in my life and that i need to change something. like my obsessiveness, my stress levels, the way i approach life. so hard to make those changes though. if i get so run down with the little things i have to deal with in my life, how am i supposed to handle a full-time job/kids/the real world? kinda scary. the doc told me, after the hearing loss, that if i didn't change life now, i'd quite likely keep having trouble for the rest of my life. he compared the hearing loss to the ulcers other people get when stressed, or the ibs, or whatever else. i know working out helps with my stress, but i get so stressed out about doing the "perfect" amount of exercise, that it stresses me, too. i know yoga helps me with stress, but the whole cult-drama surrounding ralf has turned me off his classes, totally. yoga practice by myself is good too, but i get upset if i don't do it "perfectly", i.e. get up before 6am each and every morning to do a full sivananda session before uni, including pranayama and meditation. i know this isn't a sane or healthy or yogic approach at all. i should take it as it comes, and be glad with it, but i can't. same with eating and stayin hydrated. good eating helps me stay energised, but during the week, i find it hard to find the energy to cook good meals, even though it's important to plan those a little as a new vegan. i've gained some weight with the bcp change, too, which has made me all obsessed with weight again. it's like a vicious circle. i know i should tackle it all one little baby step at a time, but it seems overwhelming to get my health and life into a bit of an order. i should probably simply quit wanting to do everything perfectly. easier said than done. gah. at least i've had a healthy meal today. and yesterday, too. all almost completely vegan as well (apart from some milk in the frozen spinach i used for my pasta). that's something. and i resisted the urlLink aspirin & pseudoephedrine so far. little miracle symptom masker that it is, i really didn't feel like feeling all high today (pseudoephedrine does that to me, i'm super sensitive to it), just to totally crash tomorrow, when it's time for uni again, and when a whole week of work, and a weekend of work and travel is ahead of me. and i slept okay. and i got some fresh air. and i marvelled at the plants on my balcony. and i relaxed, watching urlLink crossroads , and loving it, all its inconsistencies and shallowness included. overall, considering the sick-ness, i guess it was as good as it could be, alone at home and all. good on me. can't wait for the man to come home though: life is simply better when he is around. a lot better. how good i still have three more days to regain health and beauty before he returns. &nbsp; urlLink urlLink

 ...love royal weddings. always have, quite likely always will. i got hooked as a little girl, when i watched royal weddings with my grandma, starting with that of fergie and andrew. my grandma loved reading about europes royals, especially the english ones, in cheapo yellow press mags with badly re-touched photos on their covers; proclaiming new drama, every week. in recent years, i realised i also like royal funeral and christenings, anything royal, really, as long as its on the telly with bad experts talking about nothing for hours. hmmmm: royals! give me that charming young prince william, anytime! so i spend this morning just the way i spend urlLink last friday afternoon , watching yet another urlLink royal wedding , and oh, was it lovely. i ohhd and ahhd at everything and sniffled, a little (not as much as last week, when frederik cried... if you haven't seen anything, or heard his speech to his bride, urlLink read this and weep!) and not just because of this awful flu that is severly hampering my abilities to do pretty much anything. this was a full on royal wedding: pretty bride & attractive groom; urlLink full on conservative but stylish deeply v-necked wedding dress ; plenty of strangely dressed guests; a little drama (oh, the rain!); pretty hats and dresses and flowers; kisses; classic wedding music; a big fat catholic service (the catholic girl in me needs that kind of service in a wedding) and urlLink 1 corinthians 13:1-13 . awwwww. i like weddings, handfastings, love-proclamations, committment of any kind: i love them all. they don't have to be royal, but royal is always good, because of the grandeur and ultimate fairy-tale material on show. in general, though, i think the main cause for my fascination with weddings is not just my XX chromosomes, it's seeing people, no matter of what gender or age, being so in love, so trusting in what they feel, that they want to tell the world about it in a public manner. it rocks. seeing the massachussetts weddings last week got me teary eyed in front of the telly as well: my love of weddings doesn't solely stem from white dresses, big parties or catholic rituals or anything. - even though all that is surely nice. it's the love behind it. britney spears 5 minute marriage left me stonecold. carmen electra and dave navarros nuptials didn't. on my way to the supermarket this morning, i passed by two wedding parties in front of the mayors office, and they got me all happy, too. maybe it's just that happiness that i like, who knows. when i was with evan, i was dead-set on marrying him. i fantasized about where in melbourne we would get married, what it would be like. i looked at dresses on websites. i thought about who would dj, what the first song would be. - in short: i turned into the kind of woman i never wanted to be. i wanted a wedding like the other aussie-german couple we knew. my mistake was a common one: i thought much about *marrying* evan, not about *being married* to him. the first might have been fun: big parties are always good. the latter would have been a total desaster, probably sooner rather than later, for a multitute of reasons. i wanted marriage to make that surrealist, faulty relationship that we had to last. i am happy that dream never came true. these days, on a personal level, that wedding thing is a total non-issue for me. i actually have a hard time understanding that i really wanted this all, a little more than a year ago, and seriously thought that sooner would be better than later. . that doesn't mean i never want to get married: i surely want to have a life partner, someone to live life with, to love, to have children with, the whole deal, with a big party and committment, too. however, it just doesn't seem urgent at all. - i'm not ready for any of that right now, and that's fine and dandy for me. that doesn't mean that i don't see what dirk and i have as the real deal, as something that won't last. it's quite the opposite. i enjoy our love so much in this present moment that excessively pondering the future just isn't an issue. - i don't know where the roads will take us this year, and why should i stress about it, when it's all good as it is? why should i push something on him neither of us wants or is ready for (yet)? a true partnership takes time to grow, and what has grown between us this past year is better than anything i ever experienced, ever. i am curious what will come, one moment at a time. like the buddha said: "love in the past is only a memory. love in the future is only a fantasy. true love lives in the here and now." yeah.

 it's always nice to realise a belief or opinion you've held about something is totally spot on. it's awful-awful-awful though, when those beliefs and opinions are &middot that the us justice system is faulty, corrupt, discriminating, ineffective and open for witch hunts and revenge; &middot that us prisons are hellish; and &middot that that the death penalty is no verdict any just society would ever inflict unto its citizens. i thought i was already completely disillusioned about the us legal system, but apparently, i wasn't totally disillusioned. at least not until this morning. i guess i have reached an even deeper level of disillusionment today. this morning i came across a urlLink current post at urlLink margaret cho's blog , a post that featured excerpts from a letter by damien echols, describing his life on arkansas death row. "who's damien echols?" , i wondered. margaret offered just a short introductory note, but provided a link. i had seen a urlLink wm3.org banner before, at another blog i frequent, but had never actually checked it out. after reading damiens letter, i did though, and it totally shook me up. in may 1993, the mutilated bodies of 3 eight year old boys, james moore, steven branch and christopher byers, were found in a drainage creek near west memphis, arkansas. within a day, local police were questioning local teenager daniel echols. he was the odd one out in west memphis; long-haired, wiccan, with a faible for metal music. a few weeks after the discovery of the bodies, another teenager, jessie misskelley (who hardly knew damien) "confessed" to police that damien had killed the boys with his friend jason baldwin, and also implicated himself. in february of 1994, jessie was found guilty on three counts of capital murder and sentended to life in prison without parole. 2 months later, damien and jason were found guilty as well. jason received a sentence of life in prison plus 40 years. damien, who was believed to have been the head of a "satanic cult" during whose rituals the boys had been murdered, was sentenced to death by lethal injection. knowing just these little tidbits, one might think that this is the perfect example of the us legal system working. people who commited a horrible crime being convicted and sentenced accordingly. the problem however, is that there was no solid evidence at all that damien, jessie and jason were involved in the murder of the three young boys. let me repeat: no. evidence. at. all. there were however, a town full of people who fell into "satanic panic"; a police department unable to deal with a triple homicide who did not follow essential clues and let people trample down the crime scene; a medical examiner who did extremely sloppy work (with my cursory medical knowledge and a bunch of csi episodes on my back, i could easily spot a whole bunch of weak points in his autopsy report); police officers not informing a suspect about his rights and coercing said teenager (who, by the way, has a below average iq) to make a false confession; a community so shocked by the gruesome murder, that they preferred to quickly blame it on someone who seemed odd, instead of looking for the real killer among themselves; a judge who chose not to include essential defense evidence and let the da present bogus scientific evidence; and a real suspect, the aggressive stepfather of one of the victims with good connections to the police department. overall, it's a story so unbelievable, that if it were in a book or movie, i wouldn't believe it. i just wouldn't buy that in this present day and age, people who should know better, who should hold themselves to extremely high standards of professional conduct, police men, judges, district attorneys, would act this way. close their eyes to the truth. use music lyrics, religious beliefs and style of clothing as evidence of criminal intent. disregard the absence of any physical evidence. "loose", spoil or just not collect essential evidence. but in the case of damien, jessie and jason, they did all this. and more. a whole lot more. it's all so fucking OBVIOUS, it's unbelievable that those policemen never doubted that the three teenagers weren't the one's who really committed those murders. the chief investigator claimed on a scale of 1 to 10, he was so sure those three did it. he'd choose an 11. i wonder whether that man can sleep at night. if those men all never doubted their opionions, a few episodes of csi, a few crime books surely have taught me more than any training west memphis police and their medical examiner have enjoyed in forensic taught them. so much of what happened there is forensic knowledge every tv watching layperson has. excessive stabbings (in rage) and genital mutilations often being signs of an emotional connection between offender and victim for example. or basic how-tos of not spoiling a crime scene, such as not moving the victims and not letting other people get there. or taping confessions in their entierety. or informing suspects of their rights. i could go on, and on, and on. damien has been on death row for eleven years now. in his letter to margaret cho he describes his day; some "highlights" include being woken up at 4am for breakfast; meals consisting of spoiled meat and vegetables with crickets and other assorted insects; rats in his cell all over him at night; no real human contact apart from a brief phone call in the morning with his wife. i am amazed how reflected, articulate and well-spoken damien is, how hard he tries to keep up a routine, to keep his head together, meditate and not let the situation get total control over him. i can't imagine a situation where you have even less control of your life than on death row, but damien seems to hold up amazingly well. margaret added that she edited the letter to spare damien trouble, and i can only assume that she's left out things that are so bad i don't even want imagine them. there have been a few articles in the papers round here lately about that jail warden, you know, that man who's so prominently featured in the abuse pictures from abu ghreib; stories about him abusing inmates in us prisons, long before. i have no doubt at all, that those stories are true. i hence have little doubt, what the situation on arkansas death row must be like; abuse wise, i mean. i whine about my life; not too often anymore, considering how happy i've been this past year, how much better i feel about myself and life and everything else, but i still do, occasionally. way too often. how can i? this wonderful, free life full of options and choices and possibilities and love and sunshine and blue skies and smelling the flowers and being with the man i love and touching him whenever i want. i have no reason to whine, really, no reason at all. i am healthy and whole and surrounded by goodness; my "problems" are minor and temporary. damien is on death row in an unjust country for a crime someone else committed (someone who might have committed another murder; someone who is still free), having been robbed of his options, of life with a wife who has never known him in freedom and the kid he fathered as a teenager before this all occured (and that was born while he was already in prison), of fresh air and the nightly sky and decisions about his life and everything, just everything. all just because he was a teenager not much different than i was like. not much different from what many teenagers are like. a bit of an eccentric, an outcast with a strange style in clothes, an interest in religious beliefs and a liking for music with heavy guitars. fucking unbelievable. sure, being a priviledged person in western europe, i could compare myself to many million people on this world and regard my life as better, but somehow, even though i am not american, damiens story hits close to home, my home; probably i guess, because what happened to him, the fear and ignorance and injustice he and the other two were confronted with *are* universal. another lesson, i guess, to value what you have, and to treasure life and the present moment. because all you ever have, thank you once again, urlLink eckhart tolle , is the present moment anyway. i feel strangely compelled to write damien a letter of support now, not that i feel that anything i can say might be insightful. they say on the website that all three appreciate everyday mail, no in-depth discussions of the trial, of wicca or whatever, just regular, nice letters. could i write those without feeling guilty of the goodness in my life? maybe i'll send bookd from their amazon wishlists instead. or a few dollars to the legal defense fund. how can the us claim to have the right and duty to spread freedom and justice in other countries (with bombs, tanks and soldiers and all), when freedom and justice don't even exist in the us? once more i am glad to be european. more: urlLink wm3.org urlLink courttv: "the west memphis three: did satanists murder 3 boys?" urlLink wm3.org: synopsis of the case by burk sauls

 urlLink i stopped wearing shirts with captions a few years ago, after realising that my "sex bomb" t-shirt was just a little too attention-grabbing, to be exact. i remember a particular incident at "marias" with mic, back when we were kinda hooking up but not quite hooking up, when his eyes were transfixed on the sparkly letters on my chest the entire night, actually telling me that he, too, thought i was a sex bomb. he. i'm not one for abundant statements. i gladly make an exception from the "no-caption rule" for my new "bored of the beckhams" t-shirt though. not that this isn't an abundant statement, but it's an accurate description on this almost brazillian-style-yellow-press-yellow-shirt. the brother, still residing in london, send it over the channel, after we had talked about the beckhams during one of our email conversations. how could one not love to wear this shirt after the recent scandals being all over the tabloids, the boulevard tv shows and back? i am sooo bored by the hooopla around them, the haircuts, the nail polishes, the matching clothes, the affairs, the mis-spelled tattoos. enough of this car-crash watching. - it's getting boring. added plus: the yellow is uplifting. i'll definitely wear it out to watching the euro 2004 games in biergartens all over freiburg this summer. yay to that. and yay to hello for this picture posting thing. highly cool. &nbsp; urlLink

 i love living downtown, i really do. 30 seconds to uni, 45 seconds to the farmers market at the cathedral, 15 seconds, a simple walk down the stairs, to about 5 bars and 2 clubs. that last thing can be cool some days, and totally totally mindblowingly uncool and awful other days. like early this morning. my poor sick body was resting in bed, asleep while the balcony door was wide open (cool air feels good in stuffy nose and all), when a drunken urlLink soul & house singer left through the backdoor of the downstairs wannabe-hip-club-for-meterosexual-freiburgers at 4:30 a.m. with the owners of hence club, screaming and singing at the top of her doubtlessly very wide range, very capable lungs, apparently alternating between making out with both owners (how one can physically make out/scream/sing almost simultaneously, i am not sure, but this woman surely could!), screaming "this will end in fucking tears, boys, this will end in tears." no screaming back of my sick self even made it to that mad trio, that's how loud she was/they were, how out of it, sick and incapable of screaming i was/and am. fuck em. i've been awake ever since, watching nighttime trash tv, feeling like shit. it's a public holiday today: i could have slept in. once i am awake, i have a really hard time getting back to sleep, especially when sick, especially when dirk is not around to cuddle with. and today is going to be hot, so sleeping during the day might not offer as much relief as a nighttime snooze with cool air. fuck em.

 enough of this hiatus. here i go again, with a sparkly new blogger given layout, no less. hmm, that new blogger design and those templates are yummy. so shiny and new. nothing quite like getting back into that old blogging groove when you wake up with a sore throat and head cold on an 28C may day, a day that should be spent studying the finer details of property for that killer recap class with that world renowned property prof (who quite likely is the one man who actually understands each and every nook and cranny of german property law) and monopolies law for that equally killer recap/exam prep class with the man who is doubtlessly germany's top cartel/ip judge. oh yeah. sounds like the most perfect day for getting back to blogging after a 9 month absense. 9 months! geez. i could have given birth in that time. alas, i didn't. where did those 9 months go? what did i do? strange not to have anything written from those months, they were good, and full, and full of change, too. quality posts, soonish. now: more tinkering with more blogs i own; more aspirine and the first real food of the day. so weird/good to write here again. is it time for this again? i'll see.

 when i arrived back home late last night, i got to unpack the birthday present my brother send me from london. it's a urlLink pink t-shirt from fcuk that lists "love/sing/sleep/dream/eat/fcuk/laugh" in bold arial down the front. it's lovely. i know that "fcuk"/"fuck" thing is getting kinda boring in the uk, but this ain't the uk, so why care? i like it. apart from the "fuck" thing, i think did everything listed on the shirt, these past few days. and more. a whole lot more. it's been a while since i had days that were as packed as these without being stressed out. it was a good seminar, this one. exceptional, actually, and my ultra-brief stay in munich with dirk's friend martin was highly enjoyable, too. i left the city late saturday morning, packed into a tiny corsa with 4 other people heading to the seminar and lots and lots of luggage: not the kind of roadtripping i like. as if that wasn't enough, the other 4 seemed to have only one topic of interest: preparing for law finals. those fuckers. put more than 3 law students in one place, and within less than 10 minutes they will discuss finals, review classes or not, exams ad nauseam. i slept instead of partaking in this boring exercise. the driver, the aforementioned girl i would have preferred to avoid, almost killed us twice, alas, with no success. after 6 hours of being squeezed into the corsa and a brief stop at germany's only urlLink feng shui resthouse , i was dropped off at martin's place in downtown munich. martin and i, we wasted no time and immediately took off to a party that ended up incorporating 3 locations (a lakeside/garden bbq/rented bar) and lasting 9 hours. a grande celebration, indeed. it was the combined birthday/graduation party of one of martins snowboard teacher friends, and yeah, it was an experience, not just because i (obviously) didn't know anyone but martin. it was a surreal/twilight zone type of experience at times: everyone was good looking. the group of friends that was partying that night (close to 100 people or so) looked like out of a clothing shoot for urlLink neon or something. everyone was *hip* in that pretentious but effortless-looking "i don't care about clothes at all, i'm just coming back from the beach/the slope/something equally cool" leisurely, sporty easy-going surfer-style. i know it's just as fake, just as planned as any other style people and cliques choose, but it still had quite some appeal. much more appeal than all those law people wearing burberry, trying to be all upper class at least. i don't know whether all the non-perfect people the birthday girl knew were not invited, but i don't think i have ever seen that many really good looking people in one place. it was odd, but fun. one bloke in particular, a snowboard-teacher/physiotherapist (how come i like physiotherapists all of the sudden?)/student called harry was especially exceptional. at location #1 (the lake), he was jumping around in bathing shorts that could not have hung an inch lower without exposing his dick, and good grace, this man had THE BODY. i think i've never seen that kind of body in real life before: it was perfect. absolutely perfect. perfectly rounded. perfectly muscly (no bodybuilder-ugliness). perfectly firm. perfectly proportioned. perfectly six-packed. perfectly hip-boned. perfectly veiny stomach. breathtaking, that body. harry very obviously knew about his bodies' perfectness and showed it. jumping around, shaking his bum. doing sports. shaking his head just *so*. he had this physical-ness and ease about himself that made me all envious and goose-bumpy and getting a girly hard-on. on top of that, he had the arrogance to go with his perfectness. what fun. he kept making playfully arrogant sidestatements to me, and i kept kicking back. didn't have my usual level of verbal skills available though: i simply could not stop admiring this perfectly bodied arrogant prick. it was estrogen at work, i'd say, or maybe it my genes that were telling me to procreate with that body to give my children a better chance at life. how good that i have my estrogen and my genes under control and don't listen to them. at least most of the time. at the end of the night, just as martin and i were leaving the party, i actually told harry that he had the most beautiful ass i had laid my eyes on in the last year. yes, this was a sexist statement, i know, but i had to say *something* to acknowledge that he had won (and won me over). and well, he appreciated the comment, and seemed pleased. i bet he had heard that before. and more than just once. so yes, it was fun that party, for more reasons than the visual appeal. being out of my comfort zone is good for me, most of the time, and it surely was good this time: i got to sit and wait and observe and realise that all the cool people where not that cool after all, because they were unable to approach and make smalltalk with me. when i had enough of that, i chatted up some new people and enjoyed myself. strange how i forget during my reclusive times how much i actually enjoy interaction with others and that i am actually good at it, too. in the course of the night, i teamed up with peter, who was a guest who knew almost no one else as well, and we chatted about the usual things people who meet like we did talk about: football, women, men and sex. those are the eternal issues, aren't they? apart from that, there was some decent drinking, watching the football, being sad because freddie won't be shooting any more goals this euro and dancing to ragga (is that what it's called?). at 2:30am, martin and i cruised home in his grande old mercedes. it was a string of perfect moments, that cruising home to downtown munich, listening to air and coldplay and talking about personal matters. strangely enough, those perfect moments reminded me of driving home through melbourne with evan. munich isn't melbourne, martin ain't my boyfriend, and that mercedes was surely more comfy than the mg, and i have never talked that openly with evan about what about that long distance relationship did, what i let it do, to my mental health right after that conversation, i had one of those brief moment of being scared about being so wide-open and honest and talking so much, as i often do when i finally talk to people without the usual joking and punlines and cynicism, but i told martin about that feeling, too, and that moment passed, and it was all fine. we slept in on sunday, had breakfast and then our time together was over and i headed out to catch my ride south to the chiemsee at noon. - didn't get to see much of munich, really. - it was a fantastic "first" impression nonetheless. i loved the vibe of the city, the look, the feel. i could live there, i think, and live there well. i would love to live there, i think, not that i'd know how to afford it, but there's plenty of ip to be done there, so it's something i will surely keep in mind. the one hour journey down to the chiemsee, this time with just three people in the tiny corsa, was uneventful: i sat in the back preparing the case i had to present, avoiding any further discussions on law finals. arriving in gstadt at the ferry, i could finally escpae the eternal law final discussions of the corsa crew, as a couple of fellow seminar people and our lecturer max were already waiting for the next ferry, eating ice cream and enjoying the glorious weather. last time i was there, in november, it was all quiet and serene, bright blue skies and sunshine and the alps in the distance, no one on the ferry but us. this time we had the same bright blue skies and the alps were still there of course and there was sunshine, too, but it was also more than 25C degrees, there was lots of lush green and flower displays on the island and there were also throngs of tourists on the ferry with us. it was cliche germany, cliche bavaria at its best. the only thing missing was some bavarian music, or maybe some wagner. one of the people waiting with max for the ferry was christopher, max's only "leftover" doctorate students from munich. at first sight, he totally reminded me of my friend timm, who i met through the student exchange program. it would turn out that that was an accurate first impression: christopher is quite similar to timm in some ways, not just looks-wise, but personality wise as well. it was eerie in a way, as it made me miss timm who i lost touch with over the past years, and because i sometimes thought the person who was there was timm, not someone else altogether. i actually had to apologise to christopher at one point during the seminar, because i was just mixing him up with timm in my head and once i quit that, it was much better. no need to mix someone up with a long missed friend, when that person is fantastic already. while definitely not timm, christopher turned out to be much more than good looking and funny: he's extremely smart, spontaneous and fun to be around. - anything but your average law student. no discussions on law finals were had in his presence. we kinda clicked in some ways, and ended up spending a lot of our time together during the seminar. i wish max imported him to freiburg. - i don't think there's a man like him to be found at freiburg uni's law faculty. i wish there was. or maybe not, because crushing on him would be kinda taxing in the long run, ogling him in the library and not getting any work done. he. :) it was fun while it lasted though. i could do with need someone like him around. so what did we do all these days? law wise, there was lots of work. max gave some brief overviews on important cartel and competition issues and we ended up discussing specific competition issues relating to unfair advertising in great detail and with great enthusiam. lots of time was spend doing case work and hearing lectures by participants. i would have liked some more detailed discussion there, but time was limited, so we rushed through some parts. my little case presentation went well, especially considering how little time i spend preparing it. overall, i learned a fair bit these past few days, realising that competition and cartel law is the other law subject besides ip that i enjoy. i guess i can love law on more days than just thursdays. life wise, it was a mini holiday, really. football was watched on sunday night. christopher, jens and i sat on a landing stage late sunday evening drinking beer, as lightning flashed over the kampenwand, thunder rolling in, rain falling down on us. only as lightning was coming closer and as the rain got heacer and heavier did we sprint back to the convent, huddling under the gate to the courtyard. during our lunch breaks, various groups would trot over the island, admiring the gardens in full bloom and the little ducklings and swans and being envied by tourists when they realised that we were allowed to go inside the convent. mealtime was always good, too, excellent chats and good food (vegetarian but very much non-vegan. they had a list and i marked myself as both vegetarian and non fish, so when they served fish for everyone, i got meat. it caused much confusion because in bavaria, vegetarians apparently all eat fish. duh.). the evenings were long, and there was little sleep. late monday night, as the entire group including max sat on that landing stage, getting drunk, there was a technicolor, miami vice style pink sunset to be observed, and funny conversations to be had. yet another string of perfect moments. long after midnight the hardcore few of the seminar (nadia and i being the only girls) went skinny dipping on the northside of the island. the water was nowhere near as cold as expected, and it was just lovely to swim under the starry sky in the silence of the lake, later sitting on another landing stage, talking for a few more hours. i went to morning laudes on tuesday morning, at 5:30am, which was, like last time, quite a spiritual experience. it was the only chance to again observe the lives of the nuns living in the convent. it's a life so very much different to any life i will ever live, so different to any life i'd ever want to liver, but with an appeal that i can relate to. right after mass, i went swimming with christopher one last time to start the day (not quite skinny dipping this time), and that was yet another perfect moment. it was still totally quiet, the sun was coming up through some light clouds, there was mist hanging over the alps and a lone fisherman was out fishing. the water was cold and nice and refreshing and i felt alive and happy and well. why i never liked swimming naked or topless until last year, i don't remember. - it feels so much better. so yeah, overall, i had a great few days: intense, on many levels, and it wasn't just the competition law. it was strange to face that girl that totally triggered me on so many levels, but i dealt with it, catching that ride and even sharing a room with her. it was alright, not just because i realised that she has flaws, too. i felt pretty good about being me these days, so why try to be someone else? good question, isn't it? i spend good time with people old and new, not just christopher, but nadia, too, who i will be hanging out with later today to watch the football. it was fun that till and reinhard were there as well, and there were more folks who were enjoyable who i will be seeing at uni. who knows, these 3 days might be the basis for a friendship or at least some coffee company for uni. - whatever will be, will be good; i'll feel less lonely in the crowds. there were some good conversations all around during meals, and it was good to once again interact with law people again, making me realise once again that there are some good people among the psychos. when it was time to leave yesterday after lunch, i would have loved to stay longer, even if it had meant more work. despite the workload, it felt like the holiday i needed so much. i got to catch a ride home with reinhard and till (no final exam preparation talks this time), and we road-tripped through bavaria, extending that little holiday of ours. we looked at one of king ludwigs castles ( urlLink schloss linderhof )and its venus grotto (the place where he listened to wagner, all alone), having an awful, rushed guided tour there that was designed for the attention span of a "see-europe-in-5-days" american audience. it was overall ok nonetheless, because no matter how awful that castle with its kitschy grotto was, the landscape was grande. and it's "location. location. location." right? i'm even more sure now than after seeing herrenchiemsee, that ludwig was not a mentally healthy person. listening to wagner in a fake grotto dedicated to venus? pardon me. we hopped over the border to austria to get petrol, speeding with till's tiny nissan micra over curvy roads along glacier lakes and back into germany through tiny villages that looked just like people from overseas think germany looks like. neuschwanstein was the distance, which we will visit in november, when max heads out to the convent again for a true ip seminar. we drove home via lake constance and it was past 11 when i got home. walking towards my flat, from martin's gate, i got a serious case of culture shock from all the people still sitting outside and being on the street. - it wasn't that i hadn't seen that many people during those past days, there were the tourists, after all, i think it was the change from country to city. where are the mountains? where is the lake? it didn't help that i was totally zonked out and tired and unable to communicate at all. - dirk was quite upset at me being so out of it. when i'm tired, i apparently appear angry, even though i'm not, and he still can't recognise it. all is fine again today. - i spend the morning at uni listening to max holding the lecture in front of the commission that might give him the job to head the chair for commercial law. now there's organisational stuff to be done, boring things like clean the flat, and a lecture at 4pm that i am not motivated to go to. but i will. go me. so what did i do these past few days? love/sing/sleep/dream/eat/ fcuk / laugh/drink/admire/pray/adore/crush on/ swim/learn/study/enjoy/relax/talk/ listen/road-trip/be-friend and more. i'm happy, yes. very much so.

 more and more issues regarding the law seminar weekend ahead are being resolved, and that's quite a relief. i hate last minute planning. got my ride. got my place to stay in munich for tomorrow night. got the laundry happening, will pack later today. just haven't prepared my case yet, or managed much of the 150 or so pages i should still work through in advance. it should all be fine on time. as fine as 3 days urlLink in a convent on a tiny bavarian island in the company of law people working 10 hours a day on competition and cartel law can be. i was scared about being bored and lonely last time, and it all turned out fine: got no reason to believe it should be different this time. will be good to socialise with law folks, don't do that enough. will be good to work through my social anxiety, too. because of course the person i least wanted to carpool with because she makes me feel inferior, the one who started law school with me and did it all perfectly, now doing her phd, is giving me the ride. i'll be learning a few lessons this weekend, and they won't be about cartels or competition at all. it'll be intense, i know that already. but i love the place: the island is great, the weather is supposed to be good (am even taking along a bikini), the convent has a calm atmosphere and i will definitely take part in a morning mass again. i might even take along my yoga mat to practise outside before breakfast. it'll be a mini holiday with a maximum of work. all i need to do is to make sure i don't get as stressed out and sleep-deprived as last time, when i got myself hearing loss as a result. so yeah: this is it, till wednesday. i'm off to work.

 ha! how good does it feel to be tracked down every once in a while? it feels fantastic. yesterday, my first ever "boyfriend" karsten left a message on my parents answering machine to ask for my phone number to be able to wish me a happy belated birthday. how cool is that? i haven't seen karsten in 5 years. i thought about calling him this spring, when i was bored and lonely in hometown for a week, but didn't, because of the usual past boyfriend reasons. it's been 13 years since we hung out together, two kids in love, smooching at the movies during "pretty woman" and going on canoe tours with the club we both belonged to. it was all totally non-tragic and good and cool and harmless and healthy. life just took some odd turns, so even though we've been in touch on and off all these years (always knowing where the parents lived), somehow we never managed to sustain contact. he's a breathtakingly beautiful man and i'm already excited about hearing how he is, how his life is, he's listed alone in the phone book, looks like he's not with the girlfriend anymore that he lived with when we last met. i'll be in hometown i august, i should propose a meeting. hmmm. evan, for the record, has not been in touch. what does it mean that a 6 month boyfriend from 13 years ago calls, yet the 4 years boyfriend from 1 year ago does not? hmmmm. i just care a little. but i do. and to admit that is odd.

 oh yes, thursdays, i love law. this afternoon's ip session had a slow start, but the last 30 minutes were a-w-e-s-o-m-e. we discussed copyright issues of deep-linking. and boy, is it fun to discuss internet matter with people who have no idea whatsoever how the internet/a browser/html/rss/anything works. it was lovely. i could not avoid explaining a classmate the finer details of linking. i got a bit snarky, maybe, but it was fun. a lot of fun. the opinions he expressed would have ultimately put an end to the internet per se. while i don't regard and the internet as lawless territory (or that notion as desirable), in my opinion, online, the law should serve the medium, and as this is a new medium still very much in development, the law needs to adapt. thankfully, the bgh (highest german civil court) in the paperboy.de case argued carefully that deep-linking is not infringing copyright, looking at all possible issues with great care. i hope this class continues this way. yum. just realised that i should ask prof.dreier whether there are other remedies in cases of deep-linking that results in stealing bandwidth. need to think this through. hmmm. interesting. today's class made me wonder though: why do people do ip if they don't have the brains for the technical aspects of it? odd.

 so i'm a year older, and all that has changed is that i now got one more thing to worry and feel bad about. sitting at oskars yesterday morning with dirk, having (totally non vegan) breakfast, i got a 10-minute-quarter-life-crisis. 26 suddenly seemed awfully close to "late twenties", like almost 30. it just hit me that for years, i expected to live a different life at this age. like in melbourne, with a job, married, thinking about having kids. on some levels, i haven't totally dismissed these wishes. i want a life partner. i want to be done with uni. i want to lead the fullfilling life that i long for. it's ridiculous to feel bad about not having all that yet. i got to be patient with myself: i'm getting there, if slowly. it's been a strange last few years, i should be patient with myself, encouraging, instead of ashamed for not having reached my goals yet. at least i am still trying. a strange kind of sadness lingered on from that 10-minute-quarter-life-crisis, for the entire day. we did plenty of nice things yesterday, and i was painfully aware that it is a luxury to just dismiss everything that needs being done for half a day and go shopping for presents and to the movies. - but still. with birthday money from the parents i bought myself the fancy salad spinner i have been needing for ages (no more swirling salad around in a dishtowel for me) and two cds, wilco's "a ghost is born" and eskobars "a thousand last chances". seriously good stuff. it was lovely to simply spend and hour at mller's cd department, as awful a place that is, just listening to new cds. i used to go cd shopping with evan a lot, and i miss that and being exposed to new music through him. later, dirk shopped with me for his present to me: lingerie, fire-engine red. really good stuff, lacy and see through, yet totally un-trashy. never owned red lingerie before, and this stuff is seriously hot. also got a squaky, inflatable nemo from dirk. so good i got a man in my life who knows and encourages my silly side. we had some birthday cake, too, and went out to see urlLink hoellentour , a documentary by oscar-winning film maker pepe danquart on the 2003 tour de france, in the late afternoon. i had read all the rave reviews the docu had gotten all over the place. each and every one of those reviews is very much deserved. hoellentour is a fantastic piece of docu filimg that won't just appeal to tour de france junkies like me. it's got it all: great imagery and colouring, gentle observation of its subjects, fantastic music and timing. - and all that real life drama! that last time trial in the rain, when ullrich fell, could not have been "scripted" any better... life makes for the best stories, after all. plus: i really really like erik zabel now. i was always kinda indifferent towards him, admiring his achievements on the bike (most green jersey wins, most stage wins, consistent riding over years etc.) but not caring *that* much about him. this film has totally changed my view of him: good grace, is he an adorable, lovely, funny man! he came across as a totally natural, hard working, extremely funny, loyal guy. no attitude whatsoever. the 2003 tour must have been a humbling experience for zabel, crashing badly early on, no green jersey, losing sprints to petacci in the first half of the tour (before petacci, the loser, quit at the first molehill). zabel surely shows a lot of his true self in this docu. it's so funny to observe his relationship with rolf aldag: they seem like a long married couple with appropriate loving bickering and well defined roles (who gets which bed, who has control over the remote). zabels happiness for aldag after winning the mountain jersey is totally genuine and loving. - one of the best moments of the docu, i'd say. in contrast to that winokurov seems hard to grasp, floating around in the team doing his thing (like, almost win the tour), without really any attachements to anyone. maybe it's just the language barrier, who knows. overall, it is amazing that pepe daquart got such intimate access to the entire telekom team. - and he definitely made the most out of it. he shows more though, than just the workings inside a team. danqart portrays the strangeness of the tour in its entirety (think "caravane"!), the glorious scenery, the fans camping out in the alps and following the tour around, the historians who deem it the greatest sport event ever, the journalists, the little villages transformed for a day for the occasion. the racing scenes feel like music videos with their electro-jazz soundtrack by till brnner and flowing camera movements and close ups of feet, legs, gear changes. the post race scenes are a stark contrast to that, totally quiet, zabel ponmdering the race or barely staying awake as legedary telekom physio "eule" massages his legs. i'll definitely watch the movie again, buy it when it gets out. its a much better 2003 tdf souvenir than any video that just shows the race as you got to see it on the telly anyway. am now even hotter for this years' tour than i was already. didn't think that was actually possible. in the evening, tina came over to watch the football with dirk and me. rigos and champagne were consumed and we screamed at the telly, but alas, germany lost and gets to come home. bummer. tina and dirk got along well, too, and that's good, because those two haven't gotten to know each other much yet. i'll keep watching the euro though: at least england is still in, so i can keep wearing my "bored of the beckhams" shirt out. and well, there's sweden to watch, too, which are entertaining to look at because of urlLink extremely urlLink yummy urlLink freddie urlLink ljundberg . and portugal! figo! why not watch football for the men? so yeah, the birthday is over, and some sadness still lingers on, and i have no real idea as to why. there's therapy tomorrow, and i quite simply do not feel like turning up there with these unresolved issues (yeah, i know, "isn't that what therapy is supposed to be good for?"), because i don't feel like therapy at all right now. i don't want to deal with my issues, thank you very much, i got too much work to do right now. not that i have any illusions regarding those 200 something pages i should read before sunday afternoon. off to ip now. i got to remind myself that it's thursday. and urlLink thursday, i love law , right? right.

 looks like i don't need urlLink google anymore to stalk you, totte. i shouldn't be surprised, really, considering things written by you turned out to be in urlLink books i ordered without knowing about your input and all. today, an email from a mailing list arrived in my inbox telling me about your latest gig, happening the next few days in northtown. it wasn't about you per se, that email, obviously, it was a mailing list for urlLink niels frevert . remember? for me, nationalgalerie's "indiana" was the soundtrack to that summer 10 years ago. you heard them play that spring, i think, you wore their goat image on a t-shirt. urlLink i remember dancing with you to their song "die waffe" after stephan died . in my head, nationalgalerie's music and niels voice are forever connected with that summer. "wie aus dem nichts/tauchtest du pltzlich vor mir auf/wie aus dem nichts/schnappten wir beide nach luft" "von tief traurig bis berglcklich/ist es nur ein kleines stck/und irgendwann kommt/himmelhochjauchzendzutodebetrbt" "alles so weit weg es kommt mir vor/als wre ich Lichtjahre entfernt/zwischen vorher nichts und hinterher/ich schlafe morgens angetrunken ein/um mglichst lang im nirgendwo zu sein/der erste affe - lebend -/meilen unterm meer/fehlst mir/fehlst mir/habe sehnsucht/nach dir." niels and nationalgalerie earned their firm spot on my favourites list that year, i still listen to their music a lot. do you? so that mailing list email told me that niels will participate in a theatric improv show at northtown theatre company on football. a list of all other participants followed, and well, there you were, as well, with all your northtown literature homies. on the northtown theatre company website, "really good!" is the addendum to a description of what you do in that show. if i were in northtown, i might go and see that show, after all the usual ponderings about being your audience and all. - it does sound very entertaining, and i would like to see you perform to be able to compare your public persona with the one i used to know. turns out, i would have had to go twice though, because niels and you were not performing the same night. alas, i'm not in northtown out a few hundred km away, so there's no point in wasting time thinking about it. how odd that just after i decided once again that googling you really is a fruitless/harmful/pointless endeavour because it keeps me stuck in the past, avoiding the now, i get emails with your name in it. you got me, once again.

 it's been an odd day. - somehow nothing went as planned today. couldn't really afford that in a week as busy as this one. dirk crashed with the grassboard yesterday afternoon, and after a restless night for both of us, we spend the morning at the docs, waiting more than 4 hours, re-reading various editions of stern and spiegel from last month. something is wrong with his knee: what it is, the doc can't see because of the swelling, so for now it's wait-and-see and a bandage that needs to stay on for 5 days. he might end up not being able to cycle or hike for the next six weeks. yeah, that would seriously suck and hamper our summer weekend plans. it also put our plans for my birthday on hold: no spa and sauna-ing for us tomorrow, with that knee bandage. no massage at the spa for me, either. we couldn't have gone anyway: late in the afternoon, i got seriously sick. after avoiding dairy for weeks, it is not a good idea to eat fermented cow dairy, no matter how small the amount. it does not end well. it ruined my evening to the extend that i could not go to see "before sunset" with tina because the stomach cramps were so bad. and yeah, the going out for breakfast thing won't be happening tomorrow either. hooray! so how did i spent my evening? i slept in front of the soccer. in all, today was to full of discomfort and unhappiness and worry and not nearly enough work, with too few successes, accomplishments and good things. and now i'm a few minutes away from turning 26 and it's kinda gloomy, actually, because today was kinda gloomy and because it will be such a normal day tomorrow, that birthday of mine. i wouldn't want a big party anyway. - it just sucks that all the small plans we had made for tomorrow have fallen though. and it sucks that i haven't gotten any mail yet. and that i just don't know what nice thing i can do for myself tomorrow. bummer. alas, like i said a few days ago: there is a good thing about a bad day: all that room for improvement. i guess it goes for years of your life, too. goodnight.

 we've got the urlLink gmail in the house. and it's so shiny! and sparkly! and new! and clean! and intuitive! and empty! i think i might start liking email again. urlLink thanks again, stu!

 last night, as i was preparing dinner, dirk rushed into my flat. "you got to see this. i've never seen something like this before." "what?" "there is this couple downstairs at the cafe, right below my window. they've been sitting there for a few hours, just talking, and then about 15 minutes ago, they started kissing, and they have not stopped once to breathe! i swear, not once!" so yeah, voyeurs that we are, we hurried downstairs into dirk's flat, raising the blinds to sneak a look. and sure enough, they were still kissing, sitting on two different chairs, leaning towards each other. they were kissing without actually pausing for breath. or moving their heads. or moving at all, for that matter. it was funnny to look at. they were young, the girl maybe 15, the boy maybe 18. and it was awful kissing. god, it was awful kissing. like watching a trainwreck, or roadkill or a press conference by george w. bush. it looked as if the bloke was to blame, a total looser at pushing his awful kissing technique on a girl. i don't have enough negative superlatives to express how awful it was to look at, that kissing, from a technical point of view. you know, it was not sensual, exploring, tongue suckling kissing: it was the jaw grinding kind. rhythmical, fast jaw grinding. like chewing, really, in synch. at a rate of 45 chews a minute. think calfes sucking on udders. or something. it looked unsexy. and unenjoyable, too. i think it was thanks to that awful technique that they didn't have to stop for breath. but still, dirk and i, we couldn't stop watching, because awful kissing or not, they were still going at it without pausing. their endurance had some romantic appeal, chewing or not. "maybe they are actually trying out for a kiss-a-thon, or something?", dirk wondered. it was funny, really, us being so amused by their awful but enduring kissing. we looked down on the strangely kissing couple, being happy for them for their apparently successful first date. and sad for them, for their awful kissing technique. - not that that bad technique seemed to dull their enthusiam. i pondered aloud what the girl could do about the bloke being such a bad kisser anyway: at 15, one can hardly pull away and shriek "yuk!" after the first awful kiss on a first date. why not go along, trying to improve his technique? - not that it looked like she tried very hard tp push against his evil kissing technique. i felt a little old, a little bit odd, being amused by bad, but enthusiastic public displays of affection. it's been more than a year since i had a first date with first time kissing, and while that kissing was a whole different league than that we could observe down there at the cafe, i missed it, the excitement of first date kisses. after several minutes of watching the non-stop-kissing-chewing, one of us lowered the blinds and dirk and i quit the voyeurism. and we kissed, standing in the middle of dirk's flat (no chewing involved), and i realised i am not missing out on anything, with not having first dates and first date kisses in my life right now. because one year after our first date, and our first kiss on augustinerplatz (a frightened little kiss it was, all exploring and sensual and wondering, the first first kiss in four years, and no chewing involved either), the two of us, we still kissing exceptionally well. :)

 i have a well documented history of stalking some of my ex-lovers. including you. not stalking in the legal sense of the word, obviously, you would have noticed that by now, wouldn't you? i google you name, frank, and urlLink tottes name (he was your predecessor, the one i was still hooked on when in was with you) regularly, trying to keep an eye on what you do. yeah, that googling thing is kinda freaky, i know, and i'm sorry about that. it freaks me out to see people googling me successfully. a few years ago, a former co-worker from melbourne told me, passing me by during lunchtime in a cafe, that "he had found my website" . my heart stopped, thinking he had found the blog, when all he had found was a silly photo page. but still: it's not a good feeling being searched out, i know that. do you know why i google you? it's quite simple: i wonder how you are. while i wonder how you are, however, it somehow feels to me as if i don't have the right to contact you directly. - it has been such a long time since we last spoke, it was such a strange thing, that thing between us, it looks a little strange to still think about someone you loved a decade ago, as a teenager. for you, frank, and for totte as well, google regularly uncovers new stuff. it must be because you're both artists, both urlLink having gained some kind of small-scale fame and success in recent years . as i bet you can guess, new websites either feature reviews or announcements for shows, happenings or readings that either of you takes part in. i'm pretty sure you've realised that someone is regularly checking google for you. the art studio you run with your mates has an excellently designed website: i guess that whoever maintains it knows a thing or two about referer stats. do you wonder who that person searching for you is? do you assume that the mysterious google stalker is looking for you, or assume he is actually looking for the man who shares your name, the one who runs an eco-conscious weaving business with his wife in one of the eastern states? i have your email adress; i have had it for a good long while, actually. - long before it turned up on your studio website, i had found it beneath a comic you had submitted to a contest. as you've noticed, i've never used it though, even though i've been tempted, more than once. what if you didn't reply? what if you wouldn't know who i am? what if my email to you got lost in spam? you still live in the same city, in the same flat that you lived in 10 years ago, when i was madly in love with you, and oh so confused about men and love and life. i wonder whether the woman listed with you in the white pages is your lover, life partner or just a flatmate. she's an artist, too, that makes me lean towards thinking she's your lover. back in the day, you used to share that flat with many people. do you still live in the same room of that flat, the one towards the backyard, with the view of the roofs of the city? i loved that room, with its emptiness and wooden floor, with the drawings leaning against the walls, with a fern leaf i had sent from new zealand pinned over the pasteboard you used as your desk. i have contact details for totte, too, and i haven't contacted him either. the last time i talked to him was in the summer of 2000. the last time you and i talked, it was the last millennium. was it in late 1996? early 1997? it was after my return from new zealand, for sure, and we sat in your room for a few hours, talking, for the first time ever totally openly and honestly, and we realised we had communicated really badly years ago. after that, there wasn't much left to say, was there? did we continue write letters afterwards? i can't remember. most letters i have from you are from 1994 and 1995. quite obviously, the fact that i haven't contacted you doesn't mean i've forgotten about you, or stopped caring or thinking about you. otherwise i wouldn't be writing this, right? i haven't forgotten about you, at all. i think about you, often. i have written about you often, in the 4 years that i have been writing online. at the moment, i think about you a lot because of that "10 year anniversary" coming up. 1994 was such a wild year for me, and you were an essential part of it, with totte. the entire drama that totte and i were finally matches that alanis morissette song i never get tired of quoting regarding him: "what's it been over a decade?/it still smarts like it was fourt minutes ago" . it is still strange to me, urlLink how what happened between you and me was so entwined with what happened with totte and me . i rememeber that party that you both attended, me clinging to you to avoid totte, us kissing in the hallway as you left, me and totte hurting each other just hours later. it was one of the most bizarre nights of my teenage years. overall, it was a strange year, that one, but an enjoyable one, too. you were in it. and i loved you. more than you realised until after we were done. somehow, these past years that i've been googling you and totte, i've always managed to find the announcement websites for events featuring your or tottes work just days after they took place. there hasn't been a realistic chance in years to attend any of your events. when i actually knew about something in advance, it was either too far away (mostly in northtown) or i wasn't in the country in the first place. sometimes the events were not only too far away, they also seemed so small that contact with you was going to be invetable there. when you worked at some museum over the summer of 2001, offering printing workshops as part of an exhibition, i was simply scared out of my mind to go there. i worried that you'd see me but wouldn't recognise me. i worried that you'd see me and would recognise me. what good reason would i have had to be there at that obscuse exhibition in that tiny museum in the middle of nowhere? i have seen quite a few of your paintings online, and i love them. they speak to something in me, and not just because they are yours. i can't describe what it is. the performances you've been pulling off have made me laugh. i've only seen snapshots and short descriptions on a website on artists in your state, and those have been hilarious. reading kurt vonnegut's"slaughterhouse" to cows? collecting your navel fuzz? my only suggestion: i would have had that cow event sponsored by urlLink peta . a few months ago, google turned up a website that seriously shook me. from februar to march, giant paperboats that you had built, some up to 9m long, were exhibited in your town, on the shores of the lake in the middle of your city. urlLink i was too late for that event as well. it would have been a perfect event for me to get a look at your work: no museum, paperboats in a glass pavillion by a lake, no opening times, no entrance fees, and the risk of running into you, even though i've been subconsciously longing for that, would have been low. in august, those paperboats that you've built will be launched unto the lake, as part of your city's lake-fest. i can't tell you how tempted i am to come up for that. the timing is perfect: i plan on being up north then anyway. your city is just an hours drive away from hometown. the lake fest might be big enough to provide cover if i decide that i don't want to get in touch, but not so big that it might be impossible to get in touch, if i want to. because that's what i want, i think. i want to be back in touch with you. that's what's puzzling me so much, actually. i feel ambivalent about being back in touch with you. why do i want this? i've come to realise that the reason why i keep googling your name is simple: i miss you, in some weird twisted way. i miss the strange things we talked about. i miss your view of the world. i want to know how you are, who you are now, whether you are happy, whether you love, whether you are loved. i'm quite sure about those latter things actually, i remember you as someone who longed to be a lover. there were always several women you fancied, or so it seemed to me. part of me wants to communicate with and understand you on a level i couldn't when i was 16 and you were 25. now that i have reached the age that you were when we were "together", i've come to realise that even though it felt as if you had the world figured out and were an adult, you most likely hadn't and weren't. i've been lost in many ways, and have been for years. i think you could relate. i think you could show me that yes, it is possible to live outside the norm, maybe just a little, and be daring. because you, frank, are daring. building giant paperboats to be launched on a lake? daring! i'm nostalgic about our relationship, too. you were the first man i ever slept with, and on some bizarre, hypothetical level i would love to show you i can do it a whole lot better than i could that day in may 1995. not that i assume you'd still be interested. not that i'd actually pursue that, ever. i'm a lot more shy than i was at 16. - it was all just a show then, anyway, that self-confidence that made you believe that i didn't fancy, didn't love you as much as i did, as much as you fancied, as much as you loved me. above all, i'd simply like to meet you as an equal. i'd like to meet you at an age where the age difference between us matters a whole lot less than it did ten years ago. but i am fucking scared. scared you won't recognise me. scared you won't remember me. scared we won't have anything to say to each other. scared of awkwardness. if i sit down and think, i know that you would recognise and remember me, even though it's safe to assume that you left more traces on my life than i did on yours. but what if we didn't have anything to say? and what if we did? turning up unannounced at your art event would be such a cliche, too. kinda like copying urlLink before sunset (which i will see tomorrow night, by the way) - not that i think of us in such grande romantic ways, not that i think the little thing we had would be enough to turn our lives around. it was big then, at least for me, but it does not have a legacy large enough to expect any life changing experience if we indeed see each other again. to be realistic, if i decided to go to your boat launch, i'd quite likely stand on the sidelines anyway and watch from afar. at least until i am comfortable there, until the main event is over, something like that. this event is something you've apparently planned for a good long while, and i surely wouldn't want to interfere. i guess i might even end up watching it, contacting you afterwards. i'm well aware that i could just as well send you an email beforehand, saying something like "i heard about that paperboat event. is that you? if so, i think i'll be there. see you then?" that'd be quite an adult thing to do. bummer though, that despite my age, my adult type behaviour tendencies are not very distinctively developed. i got some more weeks to think about whether i will go and watch your paperboats being launched. right now, i think i will. i will see you there, then. will you see me there? urlLink

 why is it so hard for some people to recognize diary frauds? a diary i had perviously never heard of went bust these past days. the regular readership of that diary shows the usual behaviour: outraged/amused/upset or still in denial. the apparent facts uncovered by that readership show that the creator of that diary lied, faked, lied, faked and lied some more, and has done so in at least one, possibly two previous incarnation(s). with some time on my hands today, i read what is still left of that diary. while i could see why that diary gathered a big following, it made me wonder how anyone could believe that those writings were real in the first place. - the thing simply had all the usual signs of fraud written all over it. there was drama, drama and more drama. there was an endless string of crisis, emergencies, borderline personality type behaviour, all over the place. there was simply too much happening, too. people taken into the house, babies being born, an internet start-up, affairs, affairs, even more affairs. there was enough sex for to fill a bunch of porn-scripts. the character was lesbian, and within a week apparently bedded 3 straight women. the language was very descriptive, abundant with adjectives and monologue. while some online writers use prose-like language and lots of dialogue. most of the time their personality shines through the prose and the dialogue. to me, real diary writing is usually..well, personal. lived. call it real, if you wnat. nothing written on that diary seemed "lived" to me. it seemed dreamed, wished for, essentially imagined. crafted. apart from the elaborate wordings and strange descriptions, to me, the sex scenes gave it away. they were so..impersonal. the girl on girl sex sounded like the script for bad porn aimed at men. i don't doubt that there are lesbians in minnesota who love sex and enjoy strap-ons and who have lots of sex - i know that for a fact actually, because urlLink heather is one of them, - i just doubt that a minnesota lesbian that enjoys strap-ons would write about her sexual adventures as if she were a bloke, with bloke language. read heather. she's real, and her strap-ons, girls and sex are, too. urlLink scarleteen taught me a lot about realizing when someone is fraudulently posting. it was usually the drama that gave them away. the stories were usually outrageous and so complicated that they made the mind boogle. strangely enough, all fraudsters somehow managed to come up with eerily similar stories. "pregant at 13 by mom's boyfriend, being thrown out of the house" is an old favourite. the bored middle class girls in front of their computers who post that and similar crap don't realise they are diverting attention and time from those who actually are in trouble and need help. and that they are numbing the communities they troll at for the unfortunate few girls that actually are in that awful position. a pedophile once made up a drama prone lesbian teens that was into videotaping sex, trying to coax real teenage lesbian board members into swapping pics. a middle aged man once went to extraordinary lenghts to establish a college-age lesbian persona in the online erotica and sex-ed communities as well, tricking many people in the process, making an austrian girl travel to the us to meet "her", later claiming that he was a pre-op transsexual. he didn't explain though, why there was that 30 year gap between his male and female personality. duh. back in the old opendiary days, i remember a diary that was quite similar in style of this recent fraud. it was about a harvard-studying, world-travelling, beautiful, genius teenage girl. on top of that, she had a rare disease, was still a virgin, did a triple degree, was bisexual and had an entourage of equally talented good looking boys who all kept diaries at opendiary, too! how useful! she comitted suicide by drowning herself in the canale grande in venice on ash wednesday, by the way. it was a captivating read, actually. - but oh. so. very. fake. strangely enough, all those people managed to draw copious amounts of people into their fabrications, getting them emotionally involved through and into their lies. sudden deaths, long breaks and disappearaces are essential to getting people worried about you, too. those fake people seem like vampires to me; sucking the attention out of too well-meaning, easily believing onlookers, feeding on their care. it might be a hard realisation for those who feed the needs of those who keep fake diaries, who are drawn to the drama and want to help, urgently: real life is generally pretty boring and, well, normal. unless you are urlLink salam pax , i guess. life is about family and love and work and what you do on the weekend. it's about what happens in your city, in your community. it's about the things you enjoy, the things you hate, what you cook for dinner and where you holiday. it's the odd scene you passed by on your way to work. the ex-boyfriend you saw at the pub. whatever. "life" is what happens to someone every day. sure, some people write only about certain aspects of their lives online, events they think will entertain others, events they enjoy sharing, things that present an image they like. - who could blame them? selecting what to write online is a way of shaping your memories and a way of shaping the image others have of you. i do that, too, and i think everyone does, more or less. of course, everyone has times of drama and crisis and big events. good grace, if i think back to last year, even i had lots of drama. in the span of about 2 months, i split up with a boyfriend of almost 4 years who i had wanted to marry and move countries for; had an affair with someone from another country that i had met through diary writing (hurting him in the process, which i still feel awful about) and meeting dirk, essentially moving in with him within weeks. yeah, that was some drama. it was all real though. because it was so real, and because it was so weird and strange and hurtful for real, actual people, i never told the full story online, and never will. i left out things, edited myself, because i knew people involved were reading. and i still made awful, awful mistakes in the whole process. that's real life to me. life for most people is not piggyback rides in the sunset just hours before you die (which another diary fraud claimed) or turning three people in a week into lesbians. not that i don't wish that life *should* be like that for more people. maybe that's another appeal of fraudulent diaries: people would love to have lives that exciting as well, with world travels, dinners on barcelona rooftop balconies, an ivy league college and more lovers than one can handle. just today i got an email from someone telling me that even though he is a bloke, he can relate to what i write. - that's a fabulous compliment to get, i think. to me, it's a given that men can relate to what women write, and women can relate to what men write. at least to what we all write with an open heart. to me, the essence of writing and putting personal things online, and reading the personal things others put online, is connection. connection through universal feelings and events. i read about someones experiences, and even if they are totally different to anything i have or anything i will ever experience, if it was written it with an open heart, i'll be able to relate to it. it doesn't matter if it's someone unlike me: a bloke with dyed hair in socal working in porn; a woman in australia worrying about her dying father; a mother writing about life with three young kids, describing her days, and how she and her marriage have to step back at times. it doesn't matter what the emotion is, it doesn't have to be all gloom and doom; humour offers real connection, too, i think. written with an open heart, honest writings enable others to get a glimpse of what the writer feels, share the joy and the burden and feel with them. in my opinion, many people read journals to recognise things about themselves, to not feel so alone with their feelings. to connect. aren't we all just looking for connection? i will sound all esoteric now, but i believe that we are all waves in the big old ocean of life. we are all, essentially, the same on the inside, even if no two waves look exactly alike. we have so much in common though, and we are all in this together. how sad we rarely take the time to notice. how sad that those online frauds feed on that essentially human desire to feel the connection. so why is it so hard for people to recognize diary frauds? - in my opinion, it is because we want to believe, because we want to connect, because we need that connection. look at the waves, feel the ocean. it is that easy, and that complicated, at the same time. &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot &middot post scriptum. if in doubt that i am who i claim to be: i have had telephone conversations with about half a dozen scarleteeners, including urlLink heather , who also has a copy of my id. i have met another half dozen scarleeteeners, journaling and online people in person, among them the smart, adorable urlLink seska (nsfw). so this caro person exists, and i am real. and really, who'd make up a life as everyday and uneventful as mine? thankyou. goodnight.

 for two hours every thursday afternoon, i love law. it's during the two hours that prof.dreier teaches intellectual property/copyright. (i won't link directly, but in case you're interested, he can be found at http://www.zar.uni-karlsruhe.de/zar/kontakt/mitarbeiter_seite.php?ID=3). he seriously rocks. intellectual property is my favourite law subject. i've concentrated on it for years, and while my immediate plans to leave the country are on hold, i still hope to get an llm specialised in ip at some point in the future. i've heard it all before, patents, trade marks, copyright, but with this current lecture, i'm definitely learning a whole lot of new things. - apart from some more facts, i've been learning how to use my own head again, how to built better arguments. it's prof.dreier's approach to teaching that's making you think again. that's what makes his class so worthwhile. as a law student round here, from day one, you're discouraged to use your own head. blame the system, if you will. when you first get into law school, they kill your language skills and force you to adopt the formal language of the law. then they make you insecure about your gut feeling, logic and insticts and teach you to rely on commentaries, and more commentaries and cases and more commentaries. sure, law and law research and teaching can only make sense when taught in the context of the system they exist in, but what's the point of killing all potential for new influences? all these years into law school, i still haven't understood it. the dogmas of law turned me off law, made me hate it for ages, and are the reasons why i'm still not done with it. all my ip profs, however, have taught me to use my head myself, to actually discover the reasons for opinions myself, to find my own reasons and to express them well. it's quite undogmatic, ip, more case law than most other fields in german law (we're a civil law system, after all), so it's essential that you can use your head. and i love that. it's surprisingly hard to un-learn the braindeadness instilled by all law subjects but ip though. when i wrote my paper on the finer aspects of "use" in comparative advertisement in trade marks these last months (about the eugh "toshiba/katun" decision), i found it unbelievably hard to find words for my very own opinion. i managed though. i got my grade today, and while it's not perfect, and while i had hoped for something better, it's the best grade i ever got in law school. considering i puked about half of the 30 pages into the computer in the last 72 hours before handing it in, i can be quite satisfied, i think. go, me! i first got interested in ip during my first intership at the now long dead german division of andersen legal. - i first looked into the actual text of trade marks law when phillip, the young lawyer i shared an office with, had to deal with a case that dealt with phone books and was actually quite high profile. these days, he's partenr in a specialised ip firm in dsseldorf. very cool. one of these days, i'll have to thank him for my start into ip. during my first intership in melbourne, i got my first glimpses of hardcore licensing matters and confidentiality agreements...and i loved every minute of it. i was at a very technically oriented firm that had started out of a government department. their cases came from many different scientific backgrounds: mining, chemistry, biotech - it was very interesting to read about the projects on which universities, governments and private investors collaborated; projects that we built the legal groundwork for, trying to anticipate issues that could arise over the years to come. working there made me realise that i could actually like law. i realised that i could like it, when its not about people, but about science and brands and things, and when there's lots of potential for litigation. yay for litigation! my second internship in melbourne was serious boutique ip, and that's where i really found my place. the firm did lots of character protection and litigation, so the tiny office was full of toys and dolls and other property seized with anton piller orders. towers of tumbling monkey games! the best thing about my time there, however, was working on the trade marks application for a certain good looking, tiny, female australian entertainer with a penchant for golden hotpants and seductive posing. it was so hip! i even got to look at lingerie as part of the job. had i stayed with evan and moved to australia, i could have worked at that firm, while getting my degree. the job alone made me think hard about going to melbourne, even without the relationship with evan...but...it wasn't enough to counter the stalking-evan-factor that would have been a big issue had i immigrated (or at least tried to) after the break-up. but who knows, i might get back to the offer, if it was still there, of course, should i decide to and find the funds for an llm in melbourne, after all. yeah, i'm dreaming. prof. dreier's class is hardly as glamourous as trade marks for kylie, but it's still the highlight of my week. this years class is his class of guinea pigs. we're an experiment. he started with a few weeks of intense fact cramming, sp that for the rest of the semester, we'll be holding discussion rounds on issues we prepare for in advance. while this kind of thing is standard teaching overseas, it's a brandnew concept, quite a revolution actually, for old-fashioned german law teaching. and you know what? it works. today was our first discussion round, and almost everyone had done their reading. while it wasn't as active and opinionated yet as i would have liked, it was pretty good. the only annoying bit was one classmate who was constantly speaking. he comes to ip from a geeky point of view, that kinda clashed with the copyright on happenings and art we discussed today. his views on art made me want to give him free tickets to the kunstmuseum in basel. duh. we also discussed copyright on legal drafts, and his arguments showed that he had never ever drafted something he was proud of. good grace, he should have seen the 100 something page thing we prepared on the career of the aussie entertaienr to show the mark had been extensively used prior to someone else registering it, and that we had overriding popularity. tsk. in my opinion, the term "work" should generally be very open. exclusion can happen later, that's what we have the barrier laws in ip for. why start excluding at a point when it's not needed yet, risk leaving out things that are worthy of protection and overly complicated the term "work"? tsk. most interestingly though, it wasn't until a short discussion after class with said classmate and prof, that i heard urlLink prof.dreier is actually the project lead for icommons germany , urlLink http://creativecommons.org/projects/international/de/">the german "division" of urlLink creative commons . bad of me, that i hadn't heard about it before. just shows how i compartmentalise my life. - i use a urlLink creative commons license for this blog myself, and have done so for a good long while, yet because this movement started in the us, and because my online writing is so non-law and hosted in the us and written in english, i read about something like creative commons and make up my mind about it, yet don't get into legal thought how that transfers to germany and german law. silly me. - i really need to change that. the creative commons system is so easy and excellent, such a useful, easy to understand approach to clarifying copyright issues and freeing content on the internet! fabulous prof.dreier is working on it. next week, creative commons will be the discussion topic for our thursday class, and hell, yeah, i'm already looking forward to it. i bet i'll be in agreement with the geeky classmate a lot next week. and while i don't plan on talking blog during that discussion, it'll be a good time to start de-compartmentalising my life. today was a good day, law-wise.

 good thing about bad days: all that room for improvement! when a day is really awful, things can only get better. - and they have tonight, and that's good. the main stressor was dealt with this afternoon (12 pages of civil law case stuff were written in 2 1/2 hours), some ebay gear arrived, there have been emails big and small that made life better (thanks, urlLink you , and urlLink you and urlLink you ) and soccer and dinner and talking about the silentargueing, and now life is better, much better. and i'll fall into bed quite likely waking up happier tomorrow morning than this morning. thank you, life, for teaching me that showing weakness is strength. namaste.

 i dislike disagreements, silence, sleeping alone, feeling punished and feeling manipulated. i not only dislike, but absolutely hate it when all this happens simultaneously, for no reason at all. and when the next day, it seems as if i imagined or made up all of this in the first place. a night like last night makes for a seriously awful start into a day like today, a day that is way too grey, rainy and cold for a day in june anyway. and yeah, there's a shitload of stuff on my plate that has to be done today, and i don't feel like dealing with anyone or anything. bad timing, me. with great timing, however, the tension headache has made a return, and there's no physio appointment till next week. time to down some aspirin with pepsi light, eat something and get my act together. today, too, shall pass. somehow.

 urlLink "..to remind you. of the things you know you will one day forget." i'll never be a rock photographer. at least not without a new camera and a few years of traning. the something for kate pics are dark, reddish, blurred. at least they are up close: when you re-size them to tiny, they are actually kinda good and the light effects look kinda funky, too. as unbelievable as it sounds, my good old camera finally died just as the pictures of paul dempsey and me were taken by the stalkerish luxemburg sfk fan. unbelievable. ever heard that strange saying about beautiful people making lenses split? odd. i still have hopes that thomas (one of the swiss) has some better pictures, including one of clint and me. or so i hope. i should find out this week. for now, i'll look at a blurried paul dempsey. still good looking, that man. urlLink

 am i antisocial, by heart? i wonder, really. these past weeks, i've gotten quite seclusive again, not returning calls, avoiding uni when possible, rarely being with anyone but dirk. i've been a loner ever since that first bout of long-distance-relationship induced depression. over the last year, there had been improvements. the dating when the break-up happened, the yoga folks, tina back in my life and all, but now, i'm back to my loner-self, once again. the yoga folks, i've lost after the cult incident (my instructor joined a cultish group and tried to make me join, too. have been trying unsuccssfully to write about it for weeks); tina in austria, i've kinda lost over a non-issue (a man) for the moment (which sucks, beyond words); tina in freiburg, i've been rarely inclined to spend time with lately (for no particular reason); tessie, i haven't talked to since we spend a week together in march... i could go on, and on. i'm such a loser when it comes to keeping up friendships, especially with women. it's not that i don't like having female friends. right now, i miss it, immensely, actually. i was never a girl with a big girly clique. when i started uni, there surely were a few girls, but it just wouldn't last. and then for years, i was too depressed to be good to anyone. i sincerely want to have a close confidante: it sucks so much that i can't talk about some things with someone. sure, there's dirk, but what if i want feedback about our relationship? some outside perspective form a close female friend would surely be nice. bummer is, that i am however, in such a non-giver mode at the moment, that i'm the worst kind of friend anyone can imagine. it's so hard for me to give right now, it feels like such a burden to be with people right now, that i just can't be bothered. on a more general note, part of my difficulty being a good friend is that i have some seriously bizarre expectations towards people. as if that wasn't enough, i take ages to relax into friendship and really be at ease with someone. it's not that i am shy or reserved. - i am the total opposite; really good at striking up casual conversation and making small talk, talking about everything and nothing. i have a few big issues though. over the years of being depressed, i lost my understanding of the rules by which friendships function in this society. i un-learned what you can tell people, and when you can do so. i un-learned how loud one should speak and when, how you can tell someone you'd like to spend time with them. in short: i un-learned how one builds friendships. yeah, un-learning some society rules is generally cool, but un-learning this set of rules is kinda sucky, indeed. it turned me into being someone undefined, a blank page one time, overly open and talking intimately, speaking my mind the next. i never realised that it made people perceive me as being hard to grasp, really busy, and not needing new people in my life. when i was still with evan and lost and lonely, the first thing i'd usually tell people was that i was going to move to australia, soon. i subconsciously really didn't want to make them interested in me, i think, and didn't want to look like i needed friends, even though i did. and still do. and yeah, there are the expectations, too. tell me that you don't know who kofi annan is and you're doomed. talk mean about others, making me think you might do the same to me, you're doomed, too. be too blank, uninterested in life, doomed. be too shallow, doomed. leave me waiting for you for hours, doomed. it's all or nothing for me, and that's just so silly of me. so teenage. i would hope people would give me leeway as well, hell, i need that leeway from everyone these days, yet i have trouble giving it to others. fact is, by excluding people for those silly, un-important reasons, i am the one who loses in the long run. it's ridiculous of me to expect that everyone sticks by my standards of what's important, because i know my standards are odd. someone who doesn't know who kofi annan is, or who listens to music i can't stand might still be a good communicator (the past has surely taught me that), someone to have fun with, who knows. i, surely, will never know, because i give up before i get a chance to find out. i never expected perfection from a man, from love. why do i expect it from women then, from friends? maybe because i don't *really* want that close friends in the first place? i don't know. maybe it's actually not exactly perfection that i want, but that clicking thing that can be there when you fall in love, when you're on the same wavelength as someone. while it's perfect, it's not exactly perfection. it's recognizing a kindred spirit. tina (in austria) and i we differ on so many things, yet we had this clicking thing for years, anyway. i'm starting to wonder whether that might be the core of the issue, actually. maybe i can't bear having/building/developing any friendships right now, because i still grieve about not having her around right now. maybe i've been trying, all these months, with all those women who i've been around to re-create what tina and i had, to no avail (no one can substitute her, you know), instead of waiting and seeing which direction that friendship with that woman might take. deep down inside, i want what tina and i had, the real thing, no substitute. i worry that we will never have that again. the more weeks pass without words between us, the lesser the chance. yeah, that's all seriously fucked up, i know.

 i just recently transitioned to being vegan, for a plethora of reasons: ethics, health, taste. a strange side effect has propped up these past weeks: my sense of smell has improved significantly. so much actually, that i can not stand cheese in the vincity of 5 metres. similar reaction to meat. it's not hating cheese, or wanting to be disgusted by it: i never cared much about cheese in the first place. now, however, its smell is literally making me sick. i can't even wash the plate dirk prepared his cheese roll on, and can smell that he touched cheese with his hands even as he washes them. other smells offend me in a similar way: smoking and pot have been really revolting lately, as well. cheese, however, or rancid dairy of any kind (yoghurt, butter, whatever) is worst. any vegan reading this who can attest that i am not alone? have been googling variants of vegan/smell/sense of smell/cheese to little avail. puzzling.

 i've been feeling a little lost these past few days, apart from the something for kate induced high on wednesday night. maybe it's something in the water. maybe the venus transit or the heat yesterday that totally knocked me out. something must be to blame. i've simply been out of synch. no wonder, really. i haven't been working out, i haven't done any yoga or mediating, i haven't done enough work for uni, haven't fed myself well at all. i haven't been very happy, apart from wednesday night, really: headaches, backaches, tiredness. the usual, really: the body telling me it doesn't like how i'm living, that i need to look after myself a bit better. in the most bizarre twist of our otherwise so boringly normal happy loving relationship, somewhere these past days, dirk and i reversed our relationship roles: i started needing lots of lonetime and space, he started getting all cuddly, sometimes insecure and totally in-love. once we realised what we'd been doing, it was actually kinda funny. until then though, it was a rather disturbing experience. i felt quite awful, and while i tried to remain compassionate with dirk, i *still* needed my own space. at least we've both gained a whole lot more insight in what it's like to be the other one. strange to experience once again that our relationship needs opposites, contrast. we're so similar, dirk and i, more similar than we really want to acknowledge, that we go to extraordinary lenghts to be different. it's all normal though, i think. we're a man and a woman, after all, and we're together. we're different. - and we obviously need all kinds of emotions, all kinds of mechanisms in our relationship at all times. and that's funny. and adds to the adventure. we're having a little at-home-date tonight, i'm cooking dinner ( urlLink vegan carrot stir fry ), and we'll have some quality time later, which we hope to stretch into the weekend. there's lots of study that needs being done and dirk needs to apply for school for next year, too, but we're planning on doing some shopping for some summer clothes and shoes tomorrow, which should be nice. and maybe there'll be some time for yoga, as well. i sure hope so. i need to relax, stretch and chant. and get in synch. om tare tuttare ture swaha urlLink urlLink om shree sach macha prahbu ki jai paramatma ki jai om shanti shanti shanti om

 "i could feel what it would be like to be in the country again, walking across the grass under that moon when the world seems to be silent. i wanted to be out there so badly that it was hurting me. it was kind of that sense of loss you have when someone dies. you want to sink to your knees and keep saying "no, no, no, no," as if that could somehow change things. it was so beautiful, remembering, but still so painful. that's exactly the kinds of things i need, because it stokes the fire in me that wants freedom. it strengthens my will." urlLink a new letter from damien echols , posted by urlLink margaret cho .

 urlLink &nbsp; urlLink yes, this is a setlist! and yes, that writing is the same as on all sfk cd booklets. he. i'm underslept, overexcited, dehydrated, underfed and my feet hurt. - post-concert hangover, i'd call it. the concert rocked. totally. it was as signifcant to me as the first time seeing u2. yeah, quite unbelievable, i know. fantastic location, tiny, tiny, tiny club. super-tiny. capacity maybe 500, 2/3 full. we were 5 sfk fans (probably more after they were done with their show), we found each other, stood right at the tiny stage (like a metre away from the band) and rocked together. a short, but powerful, guitar-heavy 40 minute set was played, with a surprising amount of old songs. it was awesome, totally overwhelming, because it was so good, something i had waited for for so long. i cried during an acoustic version of "you only hide". - and yeah, we later chatted with the band, who was down-to-earth, super-friendly and cool. and good grace, are these people attractive! the artsy pics on the cd covers don't do them justice. just as predicted, i wasn't cool: i took pictures of me with paul dempsey. he. those plus a detailed report, soon. i need some brekkie now. and some music. yeah: sfk. what else? :) (hmmmm! urlLink something for kate visual tour diary europe 2004. photos of karlsruhe, soon? - surely, yesterday's concert was a lot smaller than any depicted there.)

 i really should not tell anyone how many weeks it took me to realise the pun about urlLink one night in paris (released today, and quite likely the dvd dirk will buy a dvd player for). one might get the impression that i actually still am the tame catholic girl i should have grown up to be.

 today! today! TODAY! urlLink something for kate! urlLink at substage! in karlsruhe! supporting swedish brit-poppers urlLink eskobar ! today! i woke up thinking: "TODAY!" , goosebumps all over. i kid you not. i wish i was. or not? i don't care. i'm feeling good. fantastic. super-great. teenage. the last days were a little gloomy, today is not. bright blue sky and sunshine and 30+C do help, too. maybe i am tuning into my 13 year old self in a way, 13 year old caro on the day she was allowed to see bono on stage for the first time. that day was june 4th, 1992, the tour was zoo tv, a meagre 12 years ago, and today indeed has similar significance. no, no, no, i am not overrating paul dempsey, i swear! i still remember the first time i ever heard a something for kate song. it was just after christmas 1999, the evan affair was in its first tender weeks, and he had given me a tape. i was preparing lunch at my parents place, in the kitchen that doesn't exist anymore, and put the tape in my mom's stereo. "picked the wrong time to be looking up at the night..." paul dempsey's voice started floating through the rooms. "before you jump you better think twice/no angel's gonna appear to offer you advice/whatever you want/whatever appeals to/whatever it is you haven't got/sentimental/knowing/sentimental/knowing when you get on that road i've got no idea where you're going..." later, the pushing guitars and heavy bass of "hallways" and "electricity" would make the floor shake, just a little, with evan happily jumping through the rooms, playing airguitar. i fell in love with him, just a little deeper, then. i fell for "something for kate" then, too. it wasn't just because it was one of his his favourite bands from melbourne: it was indeed, purely for the music. it was something about paul dempsey's voice, about the way the songs were crafted, that totally moved me. "beautiful sharks" would turn into the soundtrack for that winter, the first weeks evan and i were together. after evans return to australia, i'd sit alone at my computer, listening to the album and using the lyrics in my opendiary. "slowdancing/with someone who is a thousand miles away" . yeah, i was lonely with this music, too. strange really, considering this was "ours" in a way, "back to you" being "our" song, it's lyrics strong, giving this onlinething a name, for a good long while. a song evan told me he got sad to, during a concert in melbourne, thinking about me. the relationship i had with evan included lots of music. many cds i have today were presents from him, bands he told me about, music we listened to together, concerts we went to. cd shopping at jbhifi was almost an everyweekend thing we did when together in melbourne, when he'd be done working at myers. it's always been a strange thing for me to listen to music no one around here listens to, no one else likes. music loving for the music only, in an absence of live performances and videos and marketing. among all the great music i got to know through evan, something for kate always remained my favourites. evan gave me their third album, echolalia, as a present for my birthday in 2001 (the year that i could not come to australia), signed. hearing those songs for the first time, midday on a hot summer day on my balcony with tina, it was like meeting a long-lost friend and discovering all was still fine: the songs were so shiny and new, less raw, beautifully arranged, yet deeply familiar. during my extended stays in australia in the southern winter of 2002 and the southern summer of 2002/2003, i each time managed to miss out on concerts by them by a few days or weeks. - evan would see them on all their tours, as he had for years. he and his friend santa, who had been following the band since their darkest days, kept telling me how good they were, live. i kept joking that the day i moved permanently to australia, they'd split up, so i would never get to see them in concert. however, it was us that split up, evan and i, not the band. afterwards, i could barely listen to any music, because everything was full of connotations and memories. i got another package of cds from him, directly from whammo, for my birthday after the break up: gelbison, the new powderfinger, and something for kate's "dj vu" single. - the album wasn't out then. i didn't get the album until it was finally released round here, a few weeks ago, and it was the same long-missed-friend thing as before, even though i did notice that many of the rough guitars i loved so much have given way to subtler tones. so tonight, i will finally see something for kate, with 4 1/2 years of anticipating a night like this behind me. i still can't really believe that it will indeed happen tonight. in about 5 hours, i'll be on a train to karlsruhe. yeah, my expectations are high, and yeah, the are just supporting, so yeah, they will quite likely just play new songs to promote the album, but what it boils down to is that i will see them perform, which i never expected to happen, since the breakup last year. i always expected to see them in melbourne, maybe at that cool place in st.kilda, with evan. that will never happen. but i will see them tonight, in karlsruhe, alone. and while it's different than i expected, it will be good. i will be in first row, amazed, knowing all the lyrics. possibly the only person in karlsruhe to have heard about the band before, to own all albums, plus some rare little somethings. and while being my 13 year old self, i'll attempt to try to hide it, my deep attachment to the music, just a little. the fandom i openly expressed at 13 -standing on my seat, shouting "bono! bono! bono!- doesn't quite fit my oh-so-cool-self these days. yeah, i just wrote "attempt to try to hide" . he. :) i'll quite likely fail. so i'll quite likely be totally uncool. my camera, cd covers and black waterproof pen are already in the bag i'll take along, anyway. he.

 urlLink not really.

 this morning, on the way to the bakery and the farmer's market, i took a moment to look through the telescope the local optician had gracefully placed in front of his shop door to watch for a few moments as urlLink venus crossed the face of the sun . i had unsuccessfully tried to buy some protective sunglasses at his shop yesterday, when he'd told me he'd be outside with his telescope all morning, so people could take a look. very nice of him. with the transit not observable without protective eyegear, it was strange to see that little black dot on the face of the sun. strange what a small event this was, from a purely visual point of view. strange that this was something that no one living today had ever seen before. i wasn't dissapointed though. i hadn't expected something "grande", more obvious. i knew what was to come. fact is though, this was a grand event, in a non-obvious way. i felt (now, that sounds odd) "chosen" to be able to see venus, that black little dot in front of the sun, while everyone was going along their day, passing around me and the telescope in the middle of the city, sun shining brightly above everyone, without any indication that what was happening up above was quite grande - astronomy wise. sure, the urlLink eclipse of 1999 was a whole different kind of experience, larger than life (for a multitude of reasons, not just the moon/sun thing: i had a fucking great time.), but still: it was funky to see our planets move today.

 i finally saw urlLink the trailer yesterday. with my ancient, snail-like dial-up at home, and the constantly flipping computer currently without audio, i watched it at the laundromat, with headphones. several times in a row, actually. it indeed is, like a urlLink dailykos post yesterday called it urlLink the best-anti-bush-ad, ever . wow. priceless imagery, priceless soundbites ( "i call you my base" , "now watch this drive" , "bad for the people, good for business" ), fantastic editing. knowing michael moore, i am sure there is better yet to come and we've seen nothing yet with this little trailer. and how i love his populism! "let me read to you the patriot act!" . i'd never think i'd like populism, but facing this kind of a situation, it's direly needed to wake people from their collective consumerist stupor: time to show them the real bush behind the marketing. - or at least shake up their image a little bit. i am, in all honesty, counting down the days till the documentary reaches the screens and will pre-order tickets for opening night, as soon as possible. i was laughing hard and getting really excited, freaking off an american woman (who happened to get some things faxed by dieter as i was watching the trailer again and again) in the process. she was there with her daughter, and when dieter chit-chatted with her, asking whether they were on holidays, she tried to explain something in german about her daughter, the air force and boot purchasing for the army. it was a lil' puzzling, indeed. it felt like she didn't want to elaborate the matter with us rampaging anti-american leftists, and i didn't feel like trying to uncover what she actually meant either. strange situation. another fantastic anti-bush ad: reagan's speech at the 40th anniversary of d-day intercut with dubya's shabby speech on sunday. while i reckon that reagan was not much brighter than dubya, he could at least deliver the lines written for him. sure, it must be a substantial loss for his family, even though i guess (from personal experience) that after ten years with alzheimer's, it was on many levels a relief for him and them as well. i can't, however, get over the amount of history re-writing that's currently happening because of his death, at least in the non-european media i get to see round here. sure, funerals are a time when people tend to look at the good things to remember and gloss over the bad things about the deceased, but good lord, what are they doing these days? from what i've seen on the non-european telly these past days, reagan not only ended the cold war, no, he was also the first to "care" about the us's neighbours in middle america (how many innocent people died because of his politics in el salvador, honduras, guatemala? - all i say is outside, it's america. outside, it's america. ). i haven't heard anyone mention the disasterous foreign politics (anyone realised yet, that supporting islamic fundamentalists to counter soviet communism was a bad idea back then, and one of the reasons for the current shit we're all up to our necks in?) or the toll his interior politics took on the already poor. i will always remember him as the president who failed to act during the aids crisis. i will remember him urlLink photoshopped with kaposi sarkoma lesions all over his face in colors magazine . on the weekend, i saw a memorial docu on him, which featured a musical evening at the white house which culminated in nancy and him singing with the actors. - all that (apparently) during the iran contra affair. good grace. it made me cringe. and cringe. and cringe some more. almost as much as dubya playing golf. on a nicer political note, i went to see urlLink joschka , our foreign minister, last thursday. what fun! they hauled him down here as part of the green european election campaign, and it totally paid off. somehow i had never realised what an exceptional spontaneous speaker he is: a full-blown, die-hard politician, awfully quick-tongued and spontaenous. there was lots of shouting from the audience, as customary at urlLink green party events, and joschka took the time to discuss things in detail with the shouthers. perfect opportunity for him to show off, and fun to watch as well. the most notorious shouters belonged to a group of anti-globalist anarchists, who kept shouting things about leaving nato, dissolving all borders and joschka having sold out on his firm belief in socialism. they actually accused him off dropping his radical beliefs "in order to become foreign minister" to which he just joked that yeah, when he figured out in 1982 that party-politics was the way to achieve something and joined the early greens, he had done so because he knew that 16 years down the road, he'd be in a ruling coalition and foreign minister. yeah. some moments were thought provoking. he actually got me to re-evaluate my stand on the eu and turkey and after a shout regarding iraq, he asked the audience to imagine what our current situation would have been like if the spd/gruene coalition had not been re-elected: stoiber would have surely send german troops to iraq, german soldiers would be dead now, and a madrid-style attack on german soil not exactly unlikely, too. overall, the evening just confirmed my decision to vote urlLink green in the european elections, even though their stand on ip issues sucks, big time. fact is, when it comes down to it, i simply care more about our european constitution, a ban on gm-food and cloning , sound environemental standards and guidelines and other typically european issues than about ip. bad ip lawyer-to-be, me. lastly: how good americans care so much about urlLink the sanctity of heterosexual marriage .

 urlLink one is more than enough already.&nbsp; urlLink

 i'm not just tired: i'm totally exhausted. from doing nothing. nothing it all. there is so much to be done though, that it's totally overwhelming me today. laundry. household chores. some shopping. just *things*. with my ocd in overdrive, i can't even look at anything (the floor, the kitchen, the bathroom) without being disgusted, feeling an overwhelming urge to clean, yet being overwhelmed by the amount that needs to be done. to top everything off, it's grey and rainy, outside. so grey and rainy that all i want to do is hide beneath my blankets and sleep. i know that once i start, once i turn on some good music and get going it will be better, but right now it feels monumental, this little bit of cleaning this little flat. it's ridiculous. and all just because i feel lonely.

 urlLink urlLink urlLink last week, i send a postcard to support urlLink the wm3 great postcard project . it's a quick, cheap little thing anyone can do to show support. you select few who read this, could you consider sending a postcard as well? this whole story is stuck in my head, and i don't think that that will change soon: i ordered urlLink "devil's knot: the true story of the west memphis three" from amazon a few days ago. am still thinking about what to write in a letter, and am sure i will do so, this week.

 for the first time in a week, i'm alone for several hours at a time. this past week has been hectic with being sick, boring market research work combined with a trip to the parents and visitors, dirk's uncle and cousin, for the past three days. they left with dirk around noon, heading for basel, to see urlLink the soccer tonight . so i am alone. and instead of using this much missed lonetime to the max, studying (despite the holidays), cleaning the flat or grocery shopping, i've been sleeping, wasting time online, finishing urlLink jrg bckems captivating junkie/journalist autobiography , watching the telly, pruning the garden and scaring the evil urlLink aphids away, that have invaded the urlLink sweet peas and the daisies. yay for rape oil. maybe that's just what i needed, after all: catching up on lonetime, wasting time, all by myself. will pamper myself a bit tonight in the bathroom with lovely urlLink lush things. - and even after that, i'll still have the entire evening for doing actually productive things. like washing this mornings massive amounts of dishes. he. i'm loving it, my lonetime. i still hope dirk will manage to catch the last train out of basel though, so i get to sleep next to him tonight. don't need *that* much lonetime, after all.

 isn't this a lovely picture of jose luis rubiera? surely the best i took last saturday. &nbsp; urlLink my very personal tour de france coverage can be found at flickr . enjoy!

 it's been a perfect day at the tour, perfect from start to finish. it started as we were driving into besancon. a phonak van was in front of us, and a cyclist, too, and as we drove past, i realised that it was urlLink oscar sevilla , warming up. yay! my dad and i found a good parking spot, just about 500m away from the tour route in downtown besancon, about 2 cycling minutes behind the starting area. it was a perfect viewing spot, too, a long ascent where you could see far in both directions, with a bend, too. no careful planning could have provided us with&nbsp;a better spot, really. we had lovely neighbours standing next to us. to the left a super-friendly french father and son team. we had fun attempting to actually discuss cycling with bits of french, german and the use of hands and feet. to our right was a group of american blokes in their early thirties (chris, doug and alex) all of them currently living in basel. chris, was as much of a cycling crack as me, so i had someone to discuss cycling things with en detail, you know, whether urlLink robbie mcewen &nbsp;is a fair cyclist, whether urlLink thomas voeckler might win the tour one day, why the people who were calling urlLink jens voigt "judas" on the way up l'alpe d'huez have no clue about cycling etc. the other two were tour virgins. alex, though being a tour first timer, turned out to be interesting company, too. he used to be in the marine corps, went to iraq last year, and he's not in support of dubya. an interesting conversation was had between the two of us on american foreign politics and everything else and it might get into a second round, too, as basel is just an hour away, and as he has only been to freiburg briefly. we might&nbsp;go to next saturdays urlLink time trial 2 in bhl as well, or at least i asked chris and him.&nbsp;it would surely be nice. lance will be there, after all, as well. alex, doug and chris were meticulously prepared: they had lots of good food (including giant sandwiches and fruit salad), beer to share (!) and an american flag. so i ended up standing in front of, or next to an american flag for the whole day, mostly speaking english, too, and wearing my urlLink "live strong" shirt supporting lance. the only way to not appear american would have been a large&nbsp; "i'm german, though!" sign, but that would have gotten in the way with the clapping, cheering and photographing. so i tried not to care too much. our little group was later joined by fred, another american and a complete tour viewing pro for years who was fun to talk to as well. he actually spend yesterday in paris, lucky him. so my dad and i were in good company, in a good spot, and in such a good mood that the awful amount rain that came down on and off for the first few hours didn't matter that much.&nbsp; later it got hot and sunny and perfect. i could not come up with a better place to be, a better thing to do than standing at the side of the road in besancon, in the sun, waiting for lance in good company, drinking beer. i was totally and completely and utterly happy. and i still am, actually. and then the riders came, jimmy casper, laterne rouge, being the first one. and the fun started. the atmo was lovely, the cheering was good because among those last riders there were tons and tons of french. at some point, my dad went to a different space to watch, and while that wasn't exactly what i had hoped for for our father/daughter tour de france weekend, it was alright. i wasn't all by myself, after all. so we cheered. we guessed who was coming next, because no one had brought, and no one around us had, a classement generale from the previous day (i had tried to but the internet cafe suffered from dsl death friday night). we tried to come up with all the first names of the riders riding past, as the cars following them only showed their last names. we did an organised "aussie aussie aussie! oi! oi! oi!" cheer for the aussie riders. we spoke cycling. we cheered. i took lots pictures and some even turned out fabulous (blessed be my mothers' minolta dimage camera). if that law thing won't work, i'll be the next urlLink graham watson . he. between the riders, some of those who had already finished were already cycling home. poor urlLink liberty seguros cyclists not only had to ride home, but they had to ride home with big backpacks on their backs as well. i would have expected them to have better funding. at some point, three urlLink t-mobile people, among them urlLink erik zabel , were riding home slowly (and without backpacks) among lots of cheering and clapping and hoopla. zabel looked totally happy and relaxed, being on his way home and all, and started giving high fives to fans as he rode past. tour de france groupie confession of the day: i shared high fives with erik zabel. ha! i have washed my hands since then though. because as lovely as erik is, he ain't lance after all. so what can i say? it was a lovely day. late in the afternoon, the top ten riders cycled past, the cheering got more intense, the excitement got, too, and then it were jan ullrich, andreas klden and ivan basso riding past, all 2 minutes apart from each other, and then came lance, riding furiously and faster and better than everyone else, everyone cheered and clapped, the maillot jaune was shining in the sun, and within seconds lance had passed, and the moment had, too, and the spectacle was over. they were the highlight of it all, of course, these few seconds (and i have a video to relive the moment, too) and then everyone went home. we said our goodbyes, the blokes and i, my dad came back to the spot i was standing, and we started walking back to the car. all day, i had seen people wearing lance's yellow urlLink "live strong" wristband, and all day i couldn't make myself ask one of them whether they got them from somewhere right there, or whether they had brought them from home, having bought them from the net. because i longed for one. i've longed for one for ages. on the way to the car, there was a huge group of american cycling tourists, all very fit looking, all wearing yellow "live strong" wristbands, right in front of me. so i finally chatted to the man right in front of me. "excuse me sir, i just realised that you're all wearing the live strong wristbands. did you get them around here somewhere?" it must have been a bit odd to be asked that by someone wearing a yellow t-shirt inscribed with "live strong". he explained that they got them earlier during the day from a car during the caravane. i said something about not seeing that and he was friendly enough to explain that you could get them at niketown shops in the us, and online, too, to which i replied that i knew that, but that they didn't ship overseas. i thanked him for the info, we said goodbye, and he walked faster, returning to his group. i was a bit bummed out that i had missed that chance to get that muchly desired wristband and my total high of a day of tour watching, was just a little bit dulled. just a tiny tiny little bit. and then, with a few steps, the american cycling tourist came back to me, the yellow wristband that had been dangling round his right wrist now in his hand, and he pushed it into mine, saying something like "you know what? there you go, have mine, i know you'll really enjoy it". and i was stunned. "thank you. thank you so much. you've just made my day even better than it already is." i replied. "i thought so!" he said to me, smiling broadly, jogging back to his group. that's cycling fans. a day at the tour. can you imagine anything better to do in july? i most certainly can't.

 i bought a yellow t-shirt yesterday. it's really very yellow: canary yellow. as yellow as it gets. i've never owned something this yellow before. my only other yellow piece of clothing, my urlLink bored of the beckhams shirt , is much less bright, much less yellow than this t-shirt. this morning, i carefully wrote urlLink "live strong" on it, with black textile paint, in that nice bau urlLink haus 93 font. why, you may wonder? - i'm getting ready for the tour. my father will arrive this afternoon, and very early tomorrow morning, we'll drive the 160km to besancon to watch this years' final time trial. i can't imagine anything nicer to do tomorrow than standing at the side of the road for a whole day, shouting "allez! allez! allez!". we've done this before, my dad and i, watch the tour. 4 years ago, the tour visited this hometown of mine, and my dad visited then, too. we had two glorious days: my city was arrival town for one stage, and start town for the final time trial. those two days were the foundation for my fascination with the tour. - a year later, when the tour was on the other side of the border, urlLink my dad and i saw two more stages . until the tour of 2000 i had never thought much about cycling as a spectator sport. sure, i heard about the tour and knew who won when and who the biggest cyclists were. &nbsp;sure, i was excited when ullrich won, i heard about the doping scandal in 1998. sure, i admired what the cyclists did in the mountains. - but i never cared much. had someone asked me, i would have probably deemed it pretty boring to stand by a road for a few hours, waiting for the woooosh of the peloton, a whole 5 seconds worth of cyclists riding past you. but watching the tour, seeing it in real life, is so much more than those 5 seconds, so much more even than those 5 seconds 147 times in a row, as my dad and i will experience them tomorrow at the time trial, when each cyclist will ride alone, 2 minutes apart. to me, watching the tour is about excitement, about passion, about speed, about meeting people, about dedication, about tradition, about fun, about support for those who participate in what i reckon to be the hardest sports event in the world. if you've never been to the tour, it might be hard to imagine how cool it is to wait for the peloton. the waiting begins in autumn, when the tour route is announced. where is the best place for me to see a stage? on the selected day, you stand at the side of the road in some obscure french town as more and more people turn up, the entire life in that city standing still, in wait for the tour. you search for the best spot to stand, which can be a bit tricky when not familiar with the city. wide curves are good, those where you can see far in both directions, and you choose to stand on the outside of the curve, even though that might mean that the riders might be a few more metres away. you talk to the folks next to you, and they come from all over the world. i've personally&nbsp;stood next to&nbsp; half of europe, americans, canadians. - no matter where you are from, you share one interest, and it's cycling (at least on that day) and you share theories on tactics and discuss favourites. those who are fluent in french and who are experienced tour watchers bring portable radios, and they are the ones to turn to with the neverending question of "where's the peloton right now?" at some point, the street is closed, more or less (depending on the size of the city you're in), and the caravane arrives. it's sponsor cars and carriages giving away free samples and pressies, from coffee, to sausages, to tools for cheering (green hands, white inflatable tubes), the giant yellow lion (the one that credit lyonais gives to the winner of the yellow jersey every day) drives past, just as a giant aquarel water bottle that sprays the audience with water on hot days, and huge cyclist figures representing the different jerseys. official yellow tour cars sell memorabilia. after the caravane, police rush through, and cars from the organisation, and more police, and more extremely fast cars from the teams and you wait and wait some more, and the excitement rises and the people move closer to the street and you wait some more and then you'll start hearing the helicopters. with the helicopters comes the breakaway group/the poursuivants/the peloton. and you cheer. and you try to take photos. you cheer some more. you clap, showing your admiration. you attempt to see who's where. and then they are past you, and more cars rush by until the van with the red sign passes and it's over for the day and you're happy and elated that you were there, for this giant sport event. and then you say goodbye to those you spend the day with and drive home, with the radio on, so that you get to hear what happened to the peloton after you saw it. i'm so much looking forward to tomorrow. i haven't been this excited in ages. it will be so cool to see lance in yellow. it will be so cool to wear my undergound lance support shirt; underground, because i just could never ever bring myself to waving an american or texan flag, not just because this is france, where lance is still resented on some level. i'm excited about who we'll be meeting, about how many people will be there, what the atmo will be like, how jan ullrich will hold up. i'm excited about spending time with my dad. i'll see the tour tomorrow. and good grace, i. can. not. wait. any. longer. finally lance will actually hear me yelling my support. - it's been a bit ridiculous, screaming at the telly these past days, jumping around the flat as he took the yellow jersey and won those stages. time to get ready for tomorrow. i need to buy a small radio and paint my toe nails yellow.

 it's been a strange few days, these past ones. they have been busy, but thankfully not overly stressful. - the semester is winding down, so as i settle into a study routine for the summer, things should get more relaxed, even though i still have a rather decent workload. - there's another seminar on chiemsee in november, and i am thinking about writing another paper. should i or shouldn't i? maybe on copyright contracts? or biotech patents? i'm tempted, even though it would be for nothing but fun. - it wouldn't even be helpful job wise: having all your seminar papers (and grades) from one person looks kinda odd, and i already have tons of classes from max. in recent weeks, there were a few cool law events to get me motivated for the study-filled summer; the contracts in ip seminar and a trip to the bgh, the highest german civil court. the contracts in ip seminar was cool. - we did some role play to work on our negotiation skills. we drafted. we discussed litigation strategy. - and i loved it. i can do this stuff, and do it well. go, me. and thanks to my melbourne law firms: you rock. the bgh trip was by my cartel and competition law class; our prof is a judge at the cartel senate, so we got to see him at his dayjob. - very entertaining, he was just as hardcore and inquisitive as in class, while the overall atmosphere at the bench was quite relaxed and friendly. the trip meant getting up at 5:30am which kinda sucked, but in the end it was all worth it: the three cases we got to see were all entertaining and cool and one (concerning market definintion) was very important, too.the only possible improvement: they could have served coffee. thankfully i wasn't alone in having trouble staying awake: some of the judges dozed off, just like i did. what i liked most about the happenings at the bgh was that there was real argument happening, real discussion, real work. - very much unlike what happens in lower courts. it was so inspiring to watch.the bgh lawyers reminded me of the barristers i got to see at work in australia: well spoken, argumentative, quick minded. i loved it. the best, however, was the bloke sitting in from the cartel department though: excellent rhetorics, firm legal arguments, fun to watch. until last week, i surely *knew* what the cartel department did as amicus curiae, but somehow i couldn't figure it out, but now i do, and it is oh so cool and funky. now i only need to get my two exams, and do so quickly, join the bar, work a few years, become super firm at litigation, turn 35 and somehow get one of those muchly desired admissions at the bgh (it's an exclusive club of only 31 lawyers) or join the federal cartel department's litigation team. yeah, i wish. for the moment, it should be more than enough if those good experiences help me to get through the boring weeks of studying and paper writing in the middle of summer. hmmm, motivation! tasty! this week, it's not that good, my motivation regarding law: my batteries are running a bit low, even though there ain't that much on my plate for the week. - with everything winding down at uni, i've got time to catch up with some people (cooked an excellent three course&nbsp;vegan dinner for till on tuesday and will be meeting thomas again this afternoon), time to get ready for my dad's visit over the weekend, time to watch the tour, time to work out. i've finally been working out regularly again for the past three weeks, and that's been good for my overall happiness. my body feels so much better when it's in motion. of course, i've been overdoing it, just a little bit, as well. just as usual, i have trouble realising when i've done enough. because in my world, i never do enough, no matter what i do.so even though i feel a tiredness lingering in my legs, i went to the gym last night, intending to go to a spinning class, followed by an hour of pump and an ab class. - thankfully, outside forces stopped me from fulfilling that plan: spinning rocked (the instructor had some ltfl happening and it was fun and extremely sweaty) but&nbsp;no one else happened to be there for pump. so i rode home. which was already hard enough. what's wrong with me and my head that i get so over the top with, so stressed out about something that is -above all- supposed to make me feel good?oh well. so what's been strange these past days? i'm alone at home. over the weekend, dirk decided it was time to leave town for a while, so he had his bike checked out, bought some padded pants, packed his bike bags and headed off very early monday morning.he called tuesday night, from somewhere south of zrich, which was a bit surprising (but not really) because he had wanted to ride along the rhine to lake constance and back through the black forest. so now he's in switzerland and won't be back till next week, when his friend tammy from canada visits. she travelled with dirk and kolja and a bunch of other people through australia a few years ago, and they haven't seen since. once she's here, dirk will go travelling with her and possibly michi, too, for a little while. i won't come along: i have no funds and should be studying anyway. afterwards, dirk and i want to go away for a few days, too, not that i know how i am supposed to finance that. maybe we'll just go hiking for a few days. what's so odd about him being away is that it's like the closing bell to our time together. sure, it's still quite a few weeks until he leaves the city, but it just seems like he is as good as gone now. he has already terminated the lease of the downstairs flat and the letter from the school he has applied to, near berlin, could arrive any day. once that has happened, i have little doubts that he will move away, too. he keeps saying that he is not sure yet whether he will indeed go away, but if they accept him, i think he will go. the semester starts in late september, he needs to find a place to stay there, he needs to register as a student, take all his stuff up north to his mom's place... so yeah. once he's back, and once we've gone on our little trip, we won't have much time left together. it feels like our relationship has a "best before" date stamped on its bottom. it makes me feel helpless. and worthless. and unsure. and sad. another ldr? right now, i can't really see myself doing that kind of thing again. i have more than 5 years ldr experience, after all, and it's been so much better to actually have a relationship for a change, a real one, right here. i guess i could do it again if it was for a short period of time, if the relationship featured a strong element of perspective. - what that means for dirk and me, i know.i also know what starting uni is like, i know dirk and how he communicates through phones and such, and i wonder whether it could ever work at all. i have no idea about what i, what we should do. and that's all i want to write about this right now, really, because there's so much more to say, so much more to think about. &nbsp; "remember to remember me standing still in your past floating fast like a hummingbird" "hummingbird" ~wilco~

 the latest rammstein video almost made me physically sick this morning. it's awful in it's imagery, awful in its darkness and aggression, but above all, i made the mistake of listening to the lyrics. i saw an interview with them this week, in which they explained that their new single "mein teil" was about armin mewes, the rotenburg cannibal. armin mewes searched and found a man through the net that wanted to be eaten by him. he found someone, a man from berlin&nbsp;called bernd brandes, and they carefully drafted a plan that would incorporate both their desires. that plan involved the cutting off, frying and eating of bernd brandes' penis, while he was still alive. unfortunately, penis apparently doesn't cook as well or taste as good as the two of them had imagined. how sad is it, if you end your live for the fulfillment of a fantasy that doesn't work out as planned in the end? can we utter a collective "duh!"? wouldn't this make a good verse for a new version of alanis morissettes "ironic"? the details of what happened in mewes huge estate are mindboogling, and i honestly regret that i ended up reading that&nbsp;20 page report full of details (straight from mewes mouth) in stern magazine sometime last year. it was a whole lot like reading american psycho, which i regret reading, at least somewhat. i wish i had never read that scene with the rat. hell, i wish i hadn't read about that biting of labia scene either. but i have. however, that was fiction, and what mewes did with brandes was real life. he videotaped the whole thing and mewes wasn't found out until more than a year later.above all, the whole cases raises many legal and ethical questions; mewes trial (which ended with a guilty conviction, and an eight year sentence) was controversial. was it murder? was it assisted suicide? his "victim" wanted to be eaten, after all. can you actually consent into being eaten or does the legal concept of the inailenable dignitiy our basic law assigns everyone make this impossible? in their interview with mtv, the charming members of rammstein gave their position on that issue. after all, they said, brandes offering himself to mewes and being eaten by him was an act of love, of friendship. bernd brandes wanted to be eaten by armin mewes. the average pig, the average cow, they said, doesn't even get asked. good point, that one. one for veganism, i'd say. not a good point for allowing consent into being eaten though.

 it's how i have fun these days. urlLink gerolsteiner has an ad that runs in the middle of zdf's tour coverage. it features everyday people riding on everyday bikes, being given bottles of water and cheered by the urlLink gerolsteiner team . they run next to those everyday riders shouting "allez! allez! allez!" the ad perfectly illustrates what i call "le tour for loosers" or ltfl: riding your bike and feeling like you're part of the peloton of the grand boucle. - even though you are -quite obviously- not riding 200km a day for three weeks in a row, not riding in the alps, and not really as much into torturing yourself as the folks who actually do ride in the tour: you're just on your way to the supermarket or the gym or at a spinning class. last week, i went to my first spinning class in months. - somewhere along the line i must have forgotten how much i enjoy it. - otherwise, i can't really understand why i haven't been to one in so long. it's the perfect cardio for me, cycling. it's the perfect way to move. sure, i've been riding quite a bit on my own heavy, boring, old trekking bike, but that just ain't anything but getting from a to b, even if i do ride fast and furious (i usually kick big gears: i've got big thighs, they like big gears. i'm like jan ullrich, he.). my everyday riding surely isn't as fun, as taxing, as endorphine-high laden as spinning. how do i love thee? let me count the ways... i went on wednesday morning, to a class by aline. she isn't one of my fave instructors: her classes are usually quite boring, and her spinning classes are no exception. however:&nbsp; who needs an instructor when you've got the "le tour for loosers" concept? good instructors sneak "ltfl" into their teaching during spinning. they tell you that you're a domestique fetching water for the captain, so you have to cycle extra hard, all alone while the rest of the class just spins. they tell you just how the road feels below your wheels. they make up road chases and split the class into competing teams. they turn the whole thing into a communicative, fun, imaginative, sweaty hour. aline doesn't do any of that: she changes the songs, yes, and they are good songs, too, she tells you what you're supposed to do, but she doesn't actually "instruct" or "guide" the class. duh. i wonder how she ever got her spinning certificate. it didn't matter much last wednesday, that she's such a lousy instructor. i have "le tour for loosers", after all. i can guide myself. it's easy, too. when cycling, imagine tour scenes.long chases through quaint little villages. break-aways. mountain descends. sunflower field. heat. rain. your team in front, leading, like le train bleu. the colors of the peloton. the fans. classic tour stages, tour city, team time trials and classic tour mountains, the tourmalet, the col de la madeleine, mont ventoux. at the end of class, during the final climb, i pictured myself riding up l'alpe d'huez, people cheering "allez! allez! allez!", my name on the road, the 21 switchback turns, the blue aquarel gates giving the distance left to run, didi senfft as the devil at the red flag, the whole deal. it was fun. so much fun. "le tour for loosers" works outside of spinning classes, too. it works every time you're riding a bike. use it when chasing green lights, telling yourself that you're a sprinter, needing just a few more points at that time point (the traffic light) to get you into the green jersey. if you're a pro at ltfl, for added difficulty, imagine that you have to stay away from robbie mcewen's elbows. imagine that that person riding behind you is robbie mcewen. use climbs, no matter how tiny, to the max: get out of your saddle, swing the bike, imagine you're on mont ventoux, being chased by pantani in his best days. enjoy the turns. on the way to my gym, i ride through a park that has some nice ones, plus a little tunnel followed by a tiny little ascend: it's the best part of my way to the gym. and well, above all: race. other people in this bike crazy city have doubtlessy discovered ltfl, too: at traffic lights, there is always a race. always. the pensioners with their 2000 mtbs, tight biking shorts and urlLink "black forest ultra" bags on their backs are the&nbsp;worst: they are unbeatable. they are the lance armstrongs of ltfl traffic light races. you can not pass them, ever, and if, by some strange little twist of fate, you do, they chase after you until they lead again at the next traffic light. they are like eddie merckx, lots of little cannibals, who want to stand at the next red light before you do. there is so much aggression in those little races between the red lights on basler landstrasse that i don't think the tension between ullrich, klden, basso and armstrong on the last 500m up to villard de lans yesterday was much different. le tour for loosers. next stage: tonight. i'm going to another spinning class. beware. and yes, chances are, it will be urlLink a mountain time trial . what else could it be? :)

 "took all week for the feeling to come dry your eyes we're staring at the sun want to calli've got nothing to say want it all got a line and the nerve to stay &nbsp; you're keeping secrets, there's only one i need to find shaking myself from the hum of the morning saving it all for the rest of the night losing myself to the drug of the city lights you're keeping secrets, there's only one i need to find said it all now there's no mystery talked so much i forced myself to breathe underhand but it all went to plan sold my soul to an understanding man stayed up all night for the kids it's getting better you're keeping secrets, there's only one i need to find" "keeping secrets" ~motor ace~ i've got motor ace induced flashbacks. i met up with thomas last week; he is one of the swiss blokes i met at the something for kate concert last month. chatting at the concert, we realised that not only do we both live in freiburg, but we also share that little obsession with australian indie music. so we've started swapping cds for some cd burnage that is, of course, covered by 53 urhg. *cough* thomas borrowed 7 gems from my cd collection, a collection he took the appropriate time to praise, by the way (way to my heart? tell me that i've got good musical taste "for a girl", and in return i got to borrow motor ace. motor ace ain't good music, you know. it's mainstream radio guitar pseudo indie pop rock: it's not overly original. but it's fun. i can't remember when "keeping secrets" was in the charts. - it was during one of my visits in 2002, the song was on the radio lots and i liked it, in all its blantness and sing-a-long-compatibility. in fact i sang along all the time. i always sing along anyway, to almost any music. i sing badly, too. some of the happiest memories i have of being with evan involve singing u2. the two of us in my room in rothenburg ob der tauber, working on our costumes for a dress-up party that night, singing the songs from "achtung baby", with no cd top back us up, making up all the instruments, too, and having the songs in correct oder as well. driving in the mg to geelong, top down, u2's "best of" (or anything by them, really) on the mp3 player, both of us singing along at the top of our lungs. it was on the day that i flew home, i think, that evan and i were at jb hifi in east keilor, and i longingly stood in front of motor ace's "shoot this" cd. alas, i wasn't allowed to buy it: evan hated it. he carefully guarded my muscial consumption, and he did so well, introducing me to many of my favourite bands. i am thankful for that.had it not been for him, i quite likely would get fewer compliments for my cd collection these days. evan disliked motor ace a lot. he would sing along to it in the most ridiculous way when i was singing along to it on the radio. he would over-emphasize the singer's strange little brit pop inspired aussie accent when singing along, sounding over the top and hilarious. "yoo'rre keaeaping seacrets theare's only one i neeed to faaaaaaaaaiind" . so i didn't buy motor ace then. and didn't on my next trip. one time, when i was back here in germany i longed for it so much that i sat at my computer and kept listening to a 30 second bit of "keeping secrets" at amazon or some other website.but i still didn't buy it, didn't download it illegally from somewhere knowing evan hated it. i wasn't supposed to like this music, you know? but now i have the cd in my hands. the first song i turned on thursday afternoon, just as thomas had left, was -of course- "keeping secrets" . i turned the volume up, and sang along. it's been fun, and cool, and everything, to finally have this music, as lousy as it is. there's one downside to it though: i keep hearing evan's weird little rendition of the chorus in my head when listening to the song. motor ace flashbacks. duh.

 how non-subtle is it, that urlLink zdf uses urlLink a song by urlLink sheryl crow for their tour de france coverage? i'll take it as an indication that they too believe, just like me, despite all german patriotism, that lance will wear the yo-yo in paris in two weeks and two days. it's been a strange few days: they are busy and stressful and full of thought and exercise and watching the tour in between. just discovered the urlLink tdf 2003 blog today by the way. hmmm. i've got my cartel exam tomorrow afternoon, which i will write in the lunch break of the licensing agreement/contracts in ip workshop i will participate in friday and saturday. should be both interesting and fun: i like licensing agreements, r&d agreements and confidentiality agreements and everything ip contract really. blessed be my first melbourne law firm. on the upside, i've been socialising a bit, too. my motivation is a bit odd, i admit, but with dirk's impending departure to go to school at the other end of the country, it's time to work on my social net and not spend the evenings in cuddly coupledom in front of the telly. - i've been meaning to improve my social net for years, and now is a good time to start, really. i met two of the girls from the seminar for coffee, and that was good. nadia is an awful lot like me, and that's funky: we both find it hard to study, both have been in ldrs, both like the tour, both talk more than regular people. i'm hopeful. it's a little bit like falling in love, this wanting to have a friendship thing. last night, i took a break from the sitting at home and studying and went out for dinner with my physio, chris. he smsed me in the afternoon, something i had kinda expected ever since i left my mobile number on the office answering machine to set up some appointments on tuesday. very funny, and oh-so-unprofessional! he. so we went on a non-date last night - both of us being partnered and all. it was an evening of really good conversation (from the tour to veganism to physio to yoga to law to physio to love), and i realised how much i long for a bloke to hang out with and talk. i like male perspective on things from males that are not my partner, and i'ev always had good male blokes until recently. there's this potential here, i think: bloke-buddy-potential. and that's a lot. i got to see his flat, too, which was spacious and excitingly tidy and lovely and gave me a bad case of instantflatenvy. he lives in one of the 1900s mansions in a cool part of the city, freshly renovated, wooden floors, a pretty bathroom with a round glass shower and a giant balcony facing south. duh. sitting out there last night, drinking red wine was a good distraction to everything that's been upsetting me these past days. so yeah. no we've got rainstorms and hail and thunder and lightning. perfect weather for a few more hours of cramming cartel law into my brain. off i go. ---------------------- i support urlLink fleshbots stand on the urlLink war on pornography . googlebomb galore!

 ...they don't go to heaven where the angels fly (snarled by kurt cobain, in that unplugged session) let's talk about pest control. i don't know what's wrong with my garden this summer. maybe summer is to blame, the summer that is absent, that is. i've never had a bug problem on my balcony before, but this year, this-it's-20C-in-july-summer i do. do aphids like cool wet days? i don't know. but i've got the impression that they do. i thought polyculturing would help prevent bug pests. i thought herbs and strongly smelling plants would help prevent bug pests. my balcony is a miracle of diversity. my balcony is full of wonderful smells. it's a lovely place created with the intent of making it a nice place to hang around for bees and bumblebees and those weird colibri-type little flying things that used to live in the mediterraenean until last years' super hot summer convinced them that freiburg is a cool place to live, too. they like my balcony, too. one of them is visiting several times a day. his name is kolja. or so we think. so let's take a look at my balcony. jasmine. osteospermums in various shades of violet. heliotrope. fat hen. lavender. goethe, my ginkgo biloba tree (only 25cm tall yet). violet phlox. lobelia. stone flowers. geraniums in pink, white, red and rose. a banana tree. a marguerite tree. olli, the oleander, growing leaves gain even though he nearly died from drought in his winter quatier in the hallway. white sweet peas that have found their way to the gutter. sunflowers and poppy (still tiny). my four cacti live out there, too. in the herb section, there is vietnamese coriander, thyme, basil, rosemary and lemon balm. there used to be mint. - the aphids invaded it so thoroughly, that i simply could not see myself ever eat from it ever again. it's been a few weeks since the aphids first turned up. the sweet peas were still tiny, i had just re-potted them for the second time, and one morning, when i marvelled at their growth and beauty, there they were, the little buggers, eating away at my beloved self-grown little sweetpeas. the marguerite tree had them, too. the mint was covered as well. and my pots of basil, grown from organic seeds turned out to have some as well. those fuckers. it was a bit like d-day. just without the snipers waiting at the coast. it was a sunday morning, no regular shops were open, the drugstore at the train station did not stock any bug remedies, and so all i could do was cut off the worst affected sections of the marguerite tree, spray the plants with water to no avail (no supersoaker in sight), and hardly look at them all day, because everywhere i looked, there were aphids. or at least so it seemed. the next morning, as soon as the shops were open, i bought some eco-friendly bug killer: rape oil solution in a handy spray bottle. gentle on ladybugs and bees and all the other friendly things. it gave my sweet peas genetically damaged leaves, turned some aphids brown, crunchy and dead, but did not cause the genocide i longed for. not that i really longed for an aphid genocide, that is. i hate killing things. even aphids. no matter what other people might say though. one of those "other people" could be evan, who would have a few stories about me and bugs, me and spiders (all poisonous, of course, this was australia), me and roaches on toothbrushes. he would however, quite likely tell the following little story about me and ants. on my first visit to australia, in the winter of 2000, his family had, as during many winters, a bit of an ant issue in the kitchen and bathroom. we're talking of a whole lot of an ant issue, actually, at least from my western european perspective. ants that would greet me from inside the kitchen cupboard, from inside the sugar jar when i got myself a cup of tea. ants that would sit on the toilet seat welcoming me when i wanted to pee in the middle of the night. ants that would hurry away when i turned on the water in the shower (or did they hate to look at me naked?). evans mom, a truly lovely woman, far less ocd with household chores than me, hated the ants, but hated using poison in the kitchen (a stand which i share wholeheartedly). because she had had that ant issue several times before, she knew the issue was going to pass, sprayed some poison here and there and wiped the ants away with kitchen paper on the kitchen counter. one weekend morning, when i had enough of having ants in my tea, ants in the shower, ants on the toilet, i went on an ant mission. first in the kitchen, wiping them away, everywhere, wiping the kitchen cupboards, taking out the trash in which they loved to spend their time. then i went on a mission in the bathroom. i investigated. i checked the trails. i realised that there were holes in the sides of floorboards which could be easy entryways. and then i sprayed. and sprayed, and sprayed some more poison. even though there were not enough ants to justify all that spraying. it was, i must admit, quite a satisfying experience. not because of the killing: there was hardly any killing, there were no ants, just their trails. it was because i was doing something . when i came back from my mission, the bathroom out of order for a while because of the poison, evan made a whole lot of comments about germans. germans using gas made by bayer. and comitting genocide. and loving it. oh, yes, that's what he did. and that's why he would tell the story if you asked him. my approach was a good one though. the next morning, there were many, many, many dead ants all around the places where i had sprayed. i felt a bit sad, actually, imagining how the poor little ants would arrive at night, entering the bathroom through the holes in the floorboards, dying when they encountered that nasty residue of baycol. or whatever it was. anyway. that's the little "caro and ants" story evan would tell if you asked him about me and killing bugs. despite what that baycol bathroom ant incident might look like, i really don't like killing things. i enjoyed that bathroom massacre because i was doing something against something that annoyed me. - not because i liked the killing. i hate killing insects, plants, anything. i just try to somehow justify it when it concerns tiny spineless things that eat my plants, but even then i suffer because it just doesn't fit with the non-violence approach to life i deem best. but what way should you go? poison is bad for the environment, but at least it works fast. eco friendly methods, like the rape oil against the aphids, are healthier for big animals like humans, but far harsher for the bugs, i reckon. over the winter, dirks large palmtree (lovingly called "olga") began to be the home to tiny fruit fly type flies. not wanting to spray anything, i bought yellow pheromone stickers to attract the flies, and fucking hell, it worked well in attracting flies. way too well, actually: the yellow things would be blackened by tiny bodies within a day or two. to my horror, it would take hours until the flies would die. hours of pain, i am sure. imagine half your life with your body stuck to sticky slime that smelled like sex. on some days in summer, a group of flies will meet in my room and fly under the lamp. after lots of pondering about what to do, i bought some eco-friendly fly spray, and that stuff kills them by slowly dissolving the chitin in their bodies. eco-friendly? pardon me. i've taken to ask the flies and the bugs to leave before spraying them. i tell them that they are welcome in this world, that i cherish them adn i know they have a purpose in this world, but that i would prefer if they chose another place to live. and then i spray. i'm serious about the asking them to leave thing, actually. on the osteospermums, i could see darwinism in action, as some snail-like things started eating away at the already partly crunchy aphids and the spider-like mini flies that followed in their trails. so in a perfect world, i would have bought some ladybugs to eat the aphids. - i just realised this week that you can actually do that, and what a costly endeavour it is. a batch of friendly bugs is roughly 20. probably only worth it, if you have a large garden, where they can make a home. not worth it, if your garden is nothing but twentyfive terracotta containers on a balcony in the middle of a city. last weekend, as dirk and i sat on the balcony having breakfast, i actually saw a ladybug, for the first time this summer. i welcomed him warmly, asked him to stay and placed him on the bug infested osteospermums. - he didn't seem to like them much, and walked around the lavender instead. for the moment, the situation is under control. while partly genetically damaged and lunched and munched on, the sweet peas are happy, and growing and growing and growing and pretty and i love my garden. first thing i do after getting up is opening the balcony door to check how everyone is. during the day, as i do my studying, about once every hour i go outside and admire the garden. dirk and i, we eat our meals out there, too, when the weather is nice. in the evening, i spend some time tending and watering and saying goodnight. i practised yoga out there on sunday, doing the yoga journal "happiness" routine, and doing that around things i have grown, things that are filled with love and energy is just lovely. the now is out there, on my balcony, between my plants, between my flowers. i never thought growing things would be my thing, but it is, and it gets more and more important with every summer. maybe it's my grandpas genes. he was a carpenter and enthusiastic gardener, and bulding things and planting things was his passion. he raised most of his plants himself, inclduing masses of geraniums and roses. and tending roses is a science. most of my memories of him are of him in the garden or the workshop, wearing his blue work apron. he was happy when he was out there, working hard to make the garden beautiful. he is the reason why i plant geraniums every summer: they smell like him. even though i love my grandpa lots, even though he was a good gardener, i know that even if he hadn't passed away 16 years ago, i wouldn't have approached him with advice on bugs: grandpa was less hesistant with poison. he used herbicides and pesticides, sprayed from a huge yellow tank that he would wear in backpack-style fashion, wearing a breath mask. my brother and i weren't allowed in the garden for the next day or two, to avoid us getting up close and personal with the poisoned plants. if i sprayed pesticides in my garden, i simply couldn't stay away, not for a day, hell, not even for an hour. hippie? yes.

 and just for the record, to remind myself: this weeks horoscope from urlLink freewillastrology : "I propose that you conduct a radical experiment for the next three weeks. Between now and July 22, try on the theory that life is on your side. Assume that all of creation is conspiring to give you exactly what you need, exactly when you need it. At least once every day, speak these words with passionate sincerity: "I believe that reality is a sublime comedy staged for my education and amusement, and that there is a benevolent conspiracy to liberate me from my ignorance and help transform me into the unique masterpiece I was born to be.""

 i talk lots. always have. in primary school, each and every report card featured a variaton of "carolin is an exceptional, bright, diligent student. she is articulate and well spoken. she should, however, learn when to stop talking so that others can voice their views as well." if you've ever met me in real life, you'll know that the only time i don't talk is when i've just fallen asleep in the middle of conversation. enjoy those precious moments of silence moments after i`ve fallen asleep. they don't last that long: i talk in my sleep, too. over the last few years though, i've changed. i got depressed and i got quiet. i shut up for a whole year, really, the only place i ever spoke being my online diary at opendiary.com. while it was the place where i talked the most, whined, raved, cried, even there, i fabricated an alternate reality in a way, because reality simply sucked too much. i'm not depressed anymore, and i don't present an alternate reality in my online writings anymore, but when there are things on my mind, i still stop talking, or at least i say less; a lot less. this blog is living proof: extensive writing, extensive breaks. most of the time when caro goes quiet, something's up. and that's the case right now. something's up, and i need to think and deal and figure out what's right and what's wrong and what i should do and what will make me happy in the long run and whether wait and see is a good approach, ever, or not. it's all a bit strange and i just don't feel like writing about all that right now. not just because this is online and public. i'm just very much over creating an alternate reality, so i won't write about things when something entirely different is on my mind. on top of that, i've got a cartel & competition law exam coming up friday, and a workshop on licensing agreements on friday and saturday, which all needs to be well prepared. and urlLink the tour is on, too. should i feel the need to write, i will. today, i don't really, and i haven't this weekend, even though i tried. this week, i'll quite likely be spending time with my law books, watching urlLink lance on a bike,getting sweaty and thinking at the gym, and that should be enough for now. that's a lot of stuff anyway, isn't it? sidenote: urlLink greece won , which rocks, rocks, rocks. it makes me wonder though, whether the olympics will happen in 40 days time. they'll be partying so hard that they'll never finish those leftover stadiums or rehearse the opening ceremony. he. also: urlLink what happens at the iraq sovereignity party? - you tell your guest they are in charge, but they can't drink without permission."

 i'm tired. tired. tired. it's this having a life thing, you know? i'm alone at home again on this monday morning, and it's good to be alone. i've got quite a lot to do today (trip to the laundromat, shopping, studying, working out), quite a lot to do this week (studying), but in an effort to not get too stressed out too early in this 32C day, i think sitting down and writing is a good thing to do for now. it's been a nice few days, these past ones. last wednesday, tammy arrived from canada. dirk met her in australia in 2001; she joined kolja, sebastian and dirk in their van, they later picked up ullrich, and they travelled through western australia for a few weeks. you know how sometimes when you meet people that you've travelled with, you don't have anything to tell them because all that ever connected you were your travels? for dirk, seeing tammy again has been anything but that. the two of them have gotten along as well as back then (i'd guess), and i've enjoyed her stay as well. she has been a lovely houseguest, the most easy going and easy to please i've ever had, and her stay has been the much needed mini-holiday i've been longing for. they've been busy in a highly relaxed way, these past days. there's been lots of going places, lots of hanging around, lots of talking, lots of fun. tammy got an extended version of the obligatory city tour: she was appropriately impressed. the city made quite an effort to show itself from its best side: constant sunshine and bright blue skies made everything look even more cute and lovely than it already does anyway. we climbed up the spire of the cathedral, walked through the little streets, hung out on augustinerplatz, chilled in cafes. thursday night, we met up with michi to watch fahrenheit 9/11. on friday, we took the train out to schluchsee and hung out and swam all afternoon, a nice wind making the sun bearable, the place thankfully emptier than i have ever seen it. very relaxing, indeed. friday night we went to a reggae party at susi that michi had organised, where we danced and drank cocktails till 4am, ogling pretty people, being amused by all those very blonde, very european girls trying oh-so-hard to be african queens by having blonde dreads and smooching rastamen. we rode our bikes home at 4am, in a warm night, under a full moon. tammy was lovely company at the party, we laughed lots about the same things, ogled the same boys and danced: i could do with someone like her around at all times. she's smart and interesting, she likes her challenging job with autistic kids and she's relaxed and easy going and fun to have around. we got along really well. when she left yesterday, i told her that she should move here. i meant it, yes. after way too little sleep, i spend saturday alone in bhl, watching the lukchallenge time trial 2, and with it lance armstrong, george hincapie, jens voigt, thomas voeckler, bobby julich, uwe peschel, michael rich, christophe moreau, patrick sinkewitz and other elite riders. it was cool to see the race, but quite a harsh difference to last weeks tour experience. the audience was primarily german, and hence neither interactive nor enthusiastic. there was almost no serious cheering (there was no way to get an aussie-aussie-aussie-oy-oy-oy cheer going for michael rogers), there was no serious fun and i didn't stand next to anyone willing to chat. it got a bit boring and lonely at times, indeed. many spectators weren't real cycling enthusiasts, either, so i felt a little freakish, being surrounded by people who didn't even know why didi senfft was running around in that devils costume, and who knew none of the riders and kept confusing the teams. the spot that i was standing at was good though: it was right near the starting ramp, with good views of stage for the team and prize presentation, right near the starting ramp. for the actual race however, it was anything but an ideal place: located pretty much in the middle of a straight 4km part of the track, the teams raced by at more than 50kmh. yeah. that much for good middle of the race photo ops. overall, it was worth it, though. i saw lance, after all, from up close, too, while sheryl crow was sitting in an usps car happily looking on as lance and george hincapie waited for their start. that was cool, of course. not so cool was the fact that the organisation played sheryl crow songs as the lance and george were waiting for their start. very non-subtle. marcel wst commented the entire race, close to where i was standing, so he offered a good distraction as well. so the trip to the race was good, a sunny day by another roadside seeing people excel in an exciting sport. it was so good to see jens voigt and bobby julich win: i am sure it was good for voigt to get the appreciation after the bad experience riding up l'alpe d'huez when enraged ullrich friends kept shouting "judas" at him, because he had chased ullrich down the day before to protect his teammate basso. the only downside really was the loneliness. oh, and yes, there are urlLink photos . saturday night, when i came home after the sunfilled day at the race, i was wiped out and tired, so all dirk, tammy and i did was some more hanging out, a cheapo laubfrosch pizza on the banks of the dreisam, and walking up schlossberg to sit and talk and drink red wine and look at the moon and the fireworks over seepark. i fell into bed soon after that, while dirk and tammy went on to party at grether ost (mainly because juff was there, who tammy instantly liked at the reggae party) where they hung out till 4am once more. sunday was supposed to be travel day for dirk and tammy. dirk had discussed with michi that it would be cool to roadtrip with tammy to lake constance, to neuschwanstein near fssen and then on to munich, from where she wants to head to hungary to meet family. michi wanted to head to his bavarian hometown for some three day beer-fest this week anyway, going past lake constance for a music festival where one of his friends is working. yesterday morning, it all got me quite upset. for the past days, ever since tammys arrival, really (ever since realising how lovely she is) i've been wanting to come along to the first leg of the trip. lake constance isn't that far away, and i thought it would be cool to hang out for an afternoon, go to that festival, camp and/or sleep outside and head home by train the next day. sounds good, eh? a little too good, maybe? yeah. being underslept and underfed sunday morning, i got mightily stressed out. i really wanted to roadtrip with tammy and dirk, but felt like i didn't deserve even one more day of holidays because i pretty much didn't work at all last week. i got stressed and sad (as can happy easily when i'm underfed and underslept), i got into that old familiar depressed headspace about not deserving this and cried and couldn't make up my mind. after an hour of teeth gnashing, i finally decided that i would come along and that i would feel good about it and enjoy myself. if not now, when? exactly. however, as i am obviously here in freiburg this monday, so something mustn't have worked out, right? right. the plan had been to leave midday. like 1pm or 2pm. dirk, tammy and i were all packed up and ready to go by then. so we waited. and waited. and waited. and waited some more. then it was 3pm. dirk called michi, who said it was going to be another hour. it was 3:30pm. it was 4pm. it was 4:30pm. the overall mood started to sink quite dramatically. especially mine. i called michi and he got all pissed and said he'd come when he was ready. we waited some more. i got annoyed. and then i realised that by that time, it just wasn't going to be worth it for me to come along. the drive down to lake constance takes about 3 hours. there wouldn't be any swimming that afternoon. i'd be annoyed by michi (as i have been for his lateness many a times). it wasn't going to be worth to roadtrip to lake constance just to sit in a car with tammy and dirk for three hours with a pissed off michi and to go to a concert i wasn't interested in. hell, even if we had camped out at the lake in niederrimsingen (30 minutes from here), where we've camped last year, i would have deemed anything past 5pm way too late to leave. why is it so hard to get ready to go somwhere at a time that it makes sense? michis lateness annoyed me in so many ways. it stands for so many things. i knew that if i needed a lift to the train station the next day, i surely wouldn't get it from him. and so it dawned on me that it just would not be right for me to come along after all. why roadtrip stressfully? i'd rather not roadtrip at all. it was a sad realisation, for me and dirk and i guess for tammy as well, who kept asking whether i couldn't organise to stay for two days, but i really couldn't and didn't want to. i felt a bit like a drama queen for changing my mind. but then, i was still tired, still stressed. why risk dragging all that into the week by going on a hasty roadtrip that would not include the things that i had expected from it? by 5pm, tammy, dirk and i went to the downstairs cafe to have some beers to spice up the waiting. two beers later, michi had decided it was time to go and turned up. it was 6pm by then. i said goodbye to dirk and tammy, i felt just a little sad about staying behind, walked home, bought myself dinner, watched the telly for a while and went to bed super early. so this was the roadtrip that wasn't supposed to be. and i'm alright with it, happy that i am at home today, not already sitting on a train tripping back to freiburg in this heat, worrying about everything i got to do today and this week. so that's what life has been like this past week: full and fulfilling and good. now it's time to get some things done. got so much more to write/think/say, and will, soon.

