 First, I had to laugh as I googled "Kansas Department of Tourism." I bet that's a page that gets a lot of hits. But, the funniest part came when I was told by an operator, "Let me transfer you to our cartography department." Kansas has a cartography department ?! The state is a rectangle! How many people do they need drawing maps of it? Does the geography of kansas really change that much? I'm amazed by this. Also, the guy I talked to said none of the department of transportation maps are copyrighted, so I could copy them as much as I want. He then said, "Your tax dollars at work. Ha ha ha." Ha! Joke's on you, mister! I don't pay taxes in kansas! So, thanks, Kristin, for paying taxes in kansas so that I can copy this map.

 So, I'm bored, and I'm looking up the Space Ghost Coast to Coast DVD on Froogle. And, the picture accompanying the Barnes and Noble listing is not of the cover of Space Ghost. It is of the cover of Showgirls. Not quite the same thing.

 Did you know that before sugar becomes the wonderful goodness that it is, it smells like crap. There's a sugar beet processing plant outside The Wahp, and at night the entire town smells absolutely disgusting. I can't believe that sugar is the cause!

 While the producers of The Bachelor may think they're very clever for allowing Trish to stalk Jesse after he cut her, they are actually wrong. That's just plain creepy. And it makes me angry. Sincerely, Kara PS - Good call on dropping the pre-Rose Ceremony video mesages. They were pretty lame.

 Remember when you said the results of the investigation on the Missouri basketball program should be released sometime in January? I just wanted to make sure you are aware that it is MAY. So, if you could just wrap things up and get back to us, that would be great. Sincerely, Kara

 Of course, I'd wish for a million more wishes. Then, I'd use one of those to ask that the Royals have the ability to win two -- or more! -- games in a row. Actually, I'd ask for a bazillion dollars and buy the Royals. And I'd dish out the dough to make the team competative. And people all across America would hate me as much as they do George Steinbrenner, but I wouldn't care, because I'd have a World Series ring for each finger... This post got of track. The point: I wish the Royals would win more often.

 Poor George was voted off. I'm quite sad.

 Combining two good, even two very good, things does not always result in a great thing. This is not an earth-shattering revalation. So, it should not be a surprise to the folks at MLB that some people (including me) are not too thrilled with urlLink this. Don't get me wrong, I like Spider-Man. I took my picture beside a giant Lego Spider-Man pretending to shoot webs out of my wrist. He may be my favorite superhero, besides Batman. Anyway, I think it's well documented that I LOVE baseball. Yet, combine the two, and I want to vomit... Oh, well. It's making MLB money, and they do claim to be strapped for cash...

 I bought some capri pants that are too long. Yet, I keep trying them on to check. Like I grew. I'm not very smart.

 Last night I missed AI, so I could not vote. I expected to be home in time to watch at least the last five minutes to get the voting numbers, but I did not. So, I must leave George Huff's fate in the hands of others. And, although that's what I've done every other week, that makes me a little uncomfortable.

 I'm a little bit addicted to urlLink Bravo's Showbiz Moms and Dads . What I really like is how the parents of the not-so-talented to average kids are way more intense than the mom of the girl who really is good.

 I love George Huff. I really do. And, I did not know that he attends the University of Oklahoma. So, since he's from a Big XII school other than ku, I have no choice but to vote for him.

 On Monday, Curtis Leskanic is sent home to check on his shoulder. He is NOT with the team in Toronto. The Royals go on to win a close game in Toronto. Hmmm. Perhaps it was because Leskanic wasn't there to give up 5 runs in 2/3 of an inning like he did on Saturday!!! Of course, I can see where it would be tempting to use him, given he has a flashy 14.73 ERA.

 I'm an idiot. I assumed that Men's and Women's track teams each got 3 total points. Sadly, as urlLink Rob pointed out, they only get one. What a rip off! Oh, well. Once our baseball teams sweep their baseball team (and if we can take two-of-three from No.1 Texas, we can beat crap-a-riffic kansas), it will be a moot point. Then, we just don't need any post-season tournament shenanigans. I don't think I could handle being up by 1 point, then losing because the golf team lost in the national tournament, or something ridiculous like that. Boy, if I ran track I'd be mighty pissed that our sport is only worth one point.

 So, I just checked urlLink mutigers.com Imagine how upset I was when I saw that the men's track team finished 11th in the Big 12 Championship. kansas just had to beat us in one track meet to mathematically eliminate us from winning th Border War. Well, then imagine how happy I was when I saw that while we placed 11th, ku came in 12th! We now lead 21.5-19.5 with just three baseball games left. If we win just one of those, we take it! (Barring any meetings in any national tournaments or the Big 12 baseball tournament...) I'm so giddy!

 I still believe that the Royals will do well this season. But, I've also accepted the fact that they may only win three more games this season. Those games, of course, being the series with the Cardinals.

 Last night when I got to the gym the TV in front of the machine I was going to use was turned off. I'm not tall enough to reach it without using a magazine (this is how I turned it on Saturday, when I was the only person in the building.), and I couldn't find the remote. I did not want to employ the magazine method last night, though, because there were four men there, including my mulletted friend. So, I just got on the machine closest to the middle TV so that I could watch it. 40 minutes is just too long to just run... Anyway, about 12 minutes in, I see the remote on the machine next to me. I just kept staring at it, but I knew there was no way my short arms were going to reach it. So, I just watched the middle tv. Interesting side note: I felt very old last night. The radio station they were playing there was having "Retro Night," playing songs from the 80s and early 90s. I think that was the first time I've heard music that was cool when I was in junior high make the "Retro Night" playlist. Side note 2: This one isn't really interesting, but anyway... for some reason, running makes me want to sing along to the radio much like in the car. When "500 Miles" came on, it was all I could do not to start belting it out. On the one hand, I think it would be HILARIOUS to see the reactions of the others there, but, maybe I'll wait until I'm closer to moving. Or until I'm the only one in the building again.

 In order of viewing... 1. A Mighty Wind 2. Secretary 3. The Good Girl 4. Road to Rio (starring Bing Crosby and Bob Hope) 5. South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut I liked them all.

 Of all the South Park kids, I'm totally Butters. I wish I could say I'm Stan, but there's no way I'm that cool. Definitely Butters.

 Last night at the gym I saw a Native American man, who had a mullet, wearing a plastic sweat suit while walking on the treadmill. It made me wish I had a printer for my mental camera.

 Working on the Housing and Dining brochure makes me thing two things. 1) I'm hungry. 2) I don't have a place to live when I move. I should really get on that. I'd work on it over my lunch hour, but if you'll refer to thought number 1, you'll see why that isn't likely.

 A disgruntled customer urlLink ransacked a Verizon store in Fargo today. This is the best line from the article: "I just lost it today," Perala said from inside the Cass County Jail. "I'm sick of doing it their way."

 Today at lunch a coworker asked if I've been to every MLB stadium in America. I told her, no, but attending a game at every MLB park is on my list of things to do before I die. (By the way, I haven't made much of a dent with a whopping three on the list thus far.) Then I realized the only other thing on my list is to be on a gameshow. And that's it! Surely I can accomplish more than that. I need more random life goals! Not career goals, just random things I want to do before I die. Suggestions would be greatly appreciated.

 That I'm really good at throwing pop cans and bottles into my trash can from my desk. Yes, it's probably only 5-6 feet away, but still. If it were a sport, I'd be a freakin' Olympic gold medalist.

 The following is on my Dr Pepper label: WARNING: Contents under pressure. Cap may blow off, causing eye or other serious injury. Point away from face and people, especially while opening. Did someone lose an eye when a pop cap hit them? What caused this warning?

 Now that the Royals have won two in row, I'm unrealistically optimistic about our chances. Anyway, last year the Twins won 90 games to win the division. There are 130 games left. The Royals just need to go 79-51 (.607) to reach that number. The 16 games left in May are: 3 at home vs. Oakland, 3 at Texas, 3 at Oakland, 3 at home vs. Detroit, 3 at home vs. Minnesota and one at Detroit. If we can take 2-of-3 from Oakland at home, go 3-3 on the road trip, get really hot and take 5-of-6 from the divisional foes in that homestand, then win at Detroit, we'll go 11-5 over the rest of the month and stand at 22-26 overall. Then in June we stay in Detroit for 3 more games, which means after we win those, we'll be 25-26 going into a home series with Boston. It could happen! Together we can! O KC tober!!

 The Missouri men's basketball coaching staff gets -1000 points. I think we all know why. Nate Field gets a point for closing the game yesterday, giving the Royals TWO WINS IN A ROW!!! J-Dub and Jill get points for successfully finishing a year of law school. Andrew gets a point for graduating. He does not, however, get a point for predicting that I would not vote for George Huff. I don't look at that as a correct prediction, but rather as mocking me. And as the saying goes, you don't mock that hand that gives out the points. Also, the Dairy Queen in Breckenridge gets 100 points for the All-Syrup Misty.

 urlLink Dan alerted me to the fact that urlLink Tony Harvey got his associate's degree from NDSCS. I checked the memory books, he didn't play basketball. At least not that I could find. I cannot get over the fact that Tony Harvey used to live in The Wahp. Also, point for Dan.

 urlLink Australians are crazy.

 It seems like I've been on a constant job search since the middle of senior year. And I just realized I won't look for another job until 2006. 2006! Two years doesn't seem like a long time, but 2006 seems a long ways away.

 Doing the general campus work. Today I'm supposed to be combining the housing and dining brochures. It's no coincidence that I've posted about five times this morning. Blech.

 This morning the radio guy had my new job in his newscast. Not necessary, friend.

 Yesterday, being Tuesday, I was reading Newsweek. Lo and behold, what do I read but a line referring to Iraq as the "Mess-o-potamia." Hey! They've been using that on The Daily Show for more than a year, joke-stealers!

 Why am I annoyed at Syracuse changing its name to Orange, rather than the Orangemen/women? It has NO effect on me at all. And, I don't think you can just say you're the only school with orange as a primary color. There are few schools - Illinois, Texas, Tennessee, OSU -- who suit up in hideous orange uniforms who might disagree. I guess it depends on how you define "primary color." I'd consider Mizzou's primary colors to be black and gold. So, wouldn't OSU's primary colors be orange and black? What about Miami's vomit-inducing color combination of orange and green? Doesn't that make orange one of their primary colors? Why does this annoy me so much?!

 And my coworkers thought that was funny. Which made me even crabbier. But, today I'm better. I've said it before, and I'll say it again, my siblings were right. I'm moody.

 I wish they had other findings, though. Oh, well, urlLink $250 is nothing, right? I also think its funny that the two scandals involving Ricky also involved movies. He must take his films seriously.

 Perhaps this is a sign that I'm really, really lame. But, here are the highlights of my weekend: 1) Purchasing and reading a good chunk of Eats, Shoots and Leaves. I use commas like a stupid person (I blame being a broadcast major), and now that I'm no longer in a field where punctuation usually doesn't matter I want to change that. We'll see how successful I am. Then I'll take on the task of correcting my horrible spelling and grammar. 2) Going to Dairy Queen, and leaving with an ALL-SRYUP MISTY!!! This gould possibly go on the list of the top-ten coolest things ever to happen to me. "Delicious, sugary goodness" does not even begin to describe the party that was in my mouth. You know how usually you finish with a cup full of half-syrupy ice. I had less than a half-inch of ice. It was great.

 A list urlLink like this comes out, with BRYAN ADAMS at No. 4, proving me completely wrong.

 That's a classic quote from my grandpa. And according to this article from the KC Star, urlLink "yard beer" -- beer you'd drink sitting in your yard -- is making a comeback. And to think, last summer I thought a place was a little shady because they served PBR out of a can. Actually, they were ahead of the trend. Side note about the PBR bar -- I was there watching my friends' band perform. The band that played after them was made of ROBOTS. I kid you not.

 I've had a Dr Pepper every day this week. I have not won a free pop or one of ten Dodge Vipers. Frankly, I'm sick of it.

 I've had so many typing errors already this morning. I don't know what the deal is.

 A boy in Florida was attacked by an alligator, but the boy urlLink punched the gator in the head and got away.

 The new commercial for Starbucks' Double-Shot is HILARIOUS! It features a man urlLink getting ready for and going to work, as Survivor follows him around singing a personalized version of Eye of the Tiger. It's great! As he gets off the elevator, they croon, "He knows that someday he just might become... supervisor." So great. Not great, NBC trying to trick me into thinking the Seinfeld/Superman "special" was going to not be an AmEx commercial. Yes, it was humorous. And, I did kind of suspect that it would be a commercial since they have a series of them on the web featuring Seinfeld and Superman. But, c'mon. Couldn't you just put together 10 minutes of funny without a sales pitch?

 Dennis Hastert is an idiot, in my humble opinion. Hastert, who was rejected for military service, felt it was his place to lecture McCain, who spent five years as a POW, about urlLink war-time sacrifices. I love this quote from Sen. McCain: "The speaker is correct in that nothing we are called upon to do comes close to matching the heroism of our troops," he said. "All we're called upon to do is not spend our nation into bankruptcy while our soldiers risk their lives. I fondly remember a time when real Republicans stood for fiscal responsibility." Seriously, if we have to have a Republican in the White House, why couldn't it be McCain?

 Recently I posted that I have too few life goals. Well, I've been inspired lately, and now I have a list of goals that I want to accomplish before the end of 2006. 1) Run a half marathon. I got an email from a friend yesterday who's training for the NYC Marathon. I don't think I'm going to go that far, but I looked up some training programs, and unbeknownst to me, I'm already well into the "building a base" phase of a training program for a marathon, and mostly finished with one for a half marathon. So, surely with a little dedication I can work up to 13.1 miles, right? 2) Get my master's degree. If this one doesn't happen, I'm in trouble. 3) Purchase a urlLink smart car. I LOVE these things. And, I'd feel like I was helping the environment. The only catch is, I don't want the SUV version. I'd just want a urlLink forfour. So, if that isn't available in the US in 2006, I get a grace period. 4) Attend an international sporting event. This one hinges on the launch of the Baseball World Cup (which I hope is renamed for numerous reasons.) in 2005. Since it would be hosted here initially, I should be able to afford that. But, if that doesn't happen, maybe I'll just swing by Germany for the 2006 World Cup. And if all else fails, I'm going to a Royals/Blue Jays game.

 The Bachelor finale was pretty anticlimatic. I agree with Jill, who said that it was because Jesse wasn't all that exciting.

 * I'm still debating whether or not I want to go watch Shrek 2 by myself tonight. * Hooray for Randy Johnson! * I went to the driving range yesterday. I got a blister. Well, not so much a blister as a chunk of skin ripped off my finger all of a sudden. It didn't gradually build up, like a blister. Either way, it sucks. * In the last episode of The Brak Show and in the bumps surrounding it, they make many references to the show being cancelled. So, how happy was I when I saw Brak on my TV last night telling me that his show is back on! I think it was all a dirty trick and that the show was never cancelled in the first place, but now I don't have to worry about it! Hooray!

 I forgot to give Britt a point for answering her phone. Don't worry, she reminded me. Also, I gave Jill a point for her birthday. Andrew and Dan get graduation points. But, then Andrew gets -5 points for his anti-Royal rant. He thinks that's not much, but I'd like him to keep in mind that -5 is the same number of points I gave Kevin Appier for blowing games all the time. So, -5 is no laughing matter, buddy. Also, urlLink J Dub reminded me how terrible our graduation speaker was. So, -5 points for that guy, and a point for J Dub for brining up a funny memory. And, Kristin gets a point because she reminded me to give negative points to Andrew, and because I've been neglecting her pointwise. Um, I really need a hobby.

 Tonight's the finale of The Bachelor. I'll watch, but I really don't care who he picks. This is a step in the right direction, my friends...

 I don't have anything of value to say today. Not that I usually do, but today I have even less. That is, I had even less, until urlLink Andrew went and shot his mouth off about how crappy the Royals are. Listen, pal, I don't need anyone to tell me we have not met preseason expectations. But, now my feathers are ruffled, and I felt obligated to dig up urlLink this old column by Joe Posnanski of the KC Star. In the first paragraph he admits that St. Louis fans are the best in baseball, so I think you'll enjoy it, Andrew. Grrrrrrrrrrrrr.

 Last night's episode of The Simpsons was one of the best ever, and certainly one of the most political. The family was arrested in violation of The Governement Knows Best Act after Bart accidentally mooned the flag. Then, while in a "re-education center," they watched an aninmated video to help set them straight. Here's my favorite line: Constitution: "Hi! I'm the US Constitution. I'm over 200 years old, but I'm still feeling fine! Not like my crazy cousin, the Bill of Rights..." (Bill of Rights takes a swig from a bottle, then vomits amendments.)

 Not every word can become a name. Blanket? That's pretty crazy, but no so bad considering the father, and I'm pretty sure that Blanket is only a nickname. But, I expected more out of you, urlLink Gwenyth. Seriously, Apple? Why do you want other children to make fun of your daughter. Did you really think this out? Did you role play, stepping into your daughter's shoes? I don't think so, because the minute you said, "Nice to meet you, my name is Apple," you would have changed your mind. How frightened is this girl going to be the first time she hears about applesauce? If someone offered me Karasauce, Kara pie, a Kara fritter or Kara crisp, I would politely decline.

 In The Wahp, the majority of people are Catholic or Lutheran. In Troy, there are 24 Baptist churches (why does a town of 17,000 need 24 Baptist churches?), one Catholic church a no Lutheran churches. So, it's back to being in the minority for me...

 In my dream last night, Robbie Williams was going on tour, and that tour was stopping in Atlanta. Sadly, this is not true.

 Umm, remember when I said we'd take 2-of-3 from Oakland at home. Ok, swith that to 0-of-3. These boys sure do make it hard to love them.

 I'm very sad that Jimmy Fallon is leaving SNL. Especially because I didn't realize he was leaving until he said something about it on Weekend Update. Stupid Olson twins! I just about didn't watch (in fact, I turned it on but was in another roon until Weekend Update) because I can't stand them. Anyway, I'm very sad.

 I watch children's programming on Saturday mornings. Imagine my horror when the students in "That's So Raven" appeared on my TV wearing green and yellow sweatshirts that read "Bayside High School Barracudas". WHAT!? First, if Bayside's colors were actually green and yellow, Kelly Kapowski never would have been named homecoming queen after her face was colored maroon from Screech's zit cream. Their colors are maroon and white! And, secondly, their mascot is the Tigers. I can't believe they're getting away with this! Especially since "That's So Raven" is on ABC. Are the people at NBC aware of this, because I'd think that they'd take action if they knew the blasphemy taking place at the alphabet network.

 When I lived in Room 24 of the ZTA house, we had a complaint box. We thought this was too negative, and added the "Whoo hoo!" box, which had the above title written on it. This was because we had a rule that if you wrote a complaint, you had to also write something that made you happy. Good times. Anyway, I felt like a negative Nellie by writing my 10 worst sports moments, so I felt I should write a list of my 10 best sports moments, again based on being a Mizzou/KC fan. This list was MUCH harder to write than the other, by the way. 10. MU beats kU 81-59 in 2000. This was the first time I was present for an MU-kU basketball game. It was never close. Roy cried. What's not to love? 9. Mizzou advances to the 2002 Elite Eight as a 12-seed. I think we were the last team in. We got the best draw, as we creamed Miami, Ohio State and fought back to beat UCLA. It was a good time to be a Tiger. 8. Eric Piakowski's three rims out, Mizzou beats Nebraska 80-78 to finish 14-0 in the Big 8. This is the reason I say conference finish is as important as NCAA Tournament play. If you say "1994" to a Mizzou fan, nine times out of ten the reply will be "14-0." That team also went to the Elite Eight. This is why finishing 5/6 in the Big XII for five years is NOT acceptable, even if you happened to go to the Elite Eight one of those years. 7. The 1997 Mizzou team goes to the Big XII Tournament finals as the 10-seed in the tournament. I LOVED the 1996-97 team. They might be my favorite of all time, despite the fact that they finished 18-19. Buck Grimm, Kelly Thames, Corey Tate and of course Jason Sutherland all hold a special place in my heart. L. Dee Murdock (who we called Lenny because that "L." had to stand for something! It didn't.) came out of nowhere to be a maniac in the tournament. Norm came to the tournament with just one suit, because he thought they'd lose to Nebraska in the first round. They didn't. He had to buy two new suits while in Kansas City. This tournament also produced one of my favorite post-game quotes. After they beat Oklahoma, a reporter asked Jason when was the last time he played in a game that important. His answer was perfect: "Uh... yesterday." There's more on the 1997 team later... 6. The 2003 Royals remind me why I love them. First they start the season 9-0, and they finish better than .500 for the first time since 1994. I Believed. 5. The 1985 Royals win the World Series. This would be higher, except that I was four. This is what I actually remember about the 1985 World Series: My family was cheering for the Royals. My neighbor/best friend's family was cheering for the Cardinals. Once she and her brother told me that the Cardinals were going to win, and that if the Royals and Cardinals ever got into a fight the Cardinals would win because they had football players, too. I was so confused about how the Cardinals could have both and we didn't. Again, I was four. This is what I know about the 1985 World Series. As soon as you say anything about it to a Cardinals fan they start crying "Don Denkinger! Wah! Wah! Wah!" Well, here's why that logic fails. That play would have been the first out of the ninth. So, say he's called out. One out, nobody on. Balboni follows with a base hit. One out, man on first. Ok, in real life, Orta is thrown out at third following a sac bunt attmept by Sundberg. Ok, so in "St. Louis scenario," the Royals aren't going to bunt with just a man on first. So, even assuming Sundberg gets out, that's two outs, man on first. The runners advanced with the passed ball. So, two outs, man on second. Hal McRae walks. Two outs, man on first and second. Iorg singles to right. In real life, two runs score and the game ends. In "St. Louis scenario" one run would score, and there would be men on first and second with the score tied at one. Some Cardinals fans act like the blown call was with two outs in the bottom of the ninth. That's just not the case. Don't let them fool you! 4. The 1993 Chiefs advance to the AFC Championship games with close wins at Pittsburgh and Houston. After winning 27-24 in OT against the Steelers, the Chiefs come back to beat the Oilers 28-20. It was fun. 3. George Brett gets his 3,000th hit. I love George Brett. If I ever have a son, there's even odds that he'll be named Brett. 2. MU beats No. 1, 22-0 kU 96-94 in 2OT in 1997. As long as I live, I will never forget Mike Kelly's screams of "Corey Tate! Corey Tate!" when he made that jumper at the buzzer. kU started Paul Pierce, BJ Williams, Raef LaFrentz, Jared Haase and Jauque Vaughn. We started Kelly Thames, Corey Tate, Buck Grimm, Dibi Ray and Danny Allouche. Who? Exactly. There were so many kU fans at my high school, that the other Mizzou fans and I wrote thank-you cards for the team to thank them for beating kansas and making the next day the best day at school EVER. That was the only regular season game kansas lost. At the game in Lawrence, the very clever students started chanting "NIT." Norm, who actually WAS clever, replied, "Hell, we'll have to win a few more games to even get to the NIT!" I love Norm. Oh, and did I mention that after the game, Roy cried? Because he did. 1. Missouri 41, Nebraska 24. Sometimes I still think it was all a dream. Honorable mentions: MU beats Iowa State in 4OT. This would be higher, except that Clarence Gilbert is an idiot, and if he had better clock management, the game never would have gone on that long. Still, it was nice for Mizzou to be involved in an ESPN Instant Classic in a game we WON! The Royals win 14 consecutive games in 1994. Whooo! Pre-strike baseball! Corby Jones, Devin West and Brock Olivo bring Mizzou back to a bowl game in 1997. Mizzou beats Marc Bulger's West Virginia team in the 1998 Insight.com bowl. Hooray.

 I'm going golfing with co-workers today. They're good. I'm not. My goals are to 1)Finish without them killing me, and 2)Get in as many Happy Gilmore references as humanly possible. Of course, if I'm successful in No. 2, I might not be successful with No. 1.

 At least, I'm assuming that's what was meant by the Detroit/KC score I saw, because 17-7 is just plain ridiculous as a baseball score.

 I went to lunch with a coworker today at the Godfather's Lunch Buffet. There was a lady eating by herself at the table next to us. When she left, my coworker said, "She ate a lot. Look how many plates she had!" She did have about six or seven plates. I replied, "Maybe she just doesn't like her food to touch." She looked at me like I'm crazy. I told her that I don't really like my food to touch, and she said she's never heard of it before. That's crazy talk! Correlle makes partition plates for grown-ups! Lots of people don't like their food to touch. It's NOT unusual! Well, maybe it's unusual, but it's not uncommon! Who's with me on this one?

 * There are few things on TV funnier than when Conan pulls the "Walker, Texas Ranger" lever to show a clip from Walker. What a dumb show! Why did people watch this? Here's my favorite clip: A lady and Walker and walking around outside. Lady: "The cops I know don't take their work so personally." Walker: "You don't know the right cops." Then, he lies down on the ground, and starts smelling the dirt. Then, he picks up some dirt, stands up and tastes the dirt. Walker: "There was a plane crash here." WHAT?!?!?!?! * I watched bits and pieces of the AI final last night. It just reminded me that I love George Huff. * I'm glad that Colin Quin's show is back on with new episodes. I was not glad when one of those episodes featured hosts from Air America. They were very angry and not very funny. Especially Janeane Garofalo. I don't think it's a good idea to have four comedians who are all going to agree on everything, and are so staunch in their position that they won't even listen to Colin. You have to listen to Colin! It's his show! * I'm also glad Cartoon Network is showing Aqua Teen Hunger Force Sun. through Thurs. What I'm not glad about is that they show the same episodes all the time! Diversify!

 The Royals are on a roll! Even if it did take a little help from the umpire on Tuesday. Now we just need to win about nine more games in a row...

 The Today show's been in town to do a piece on how "cool" Fargo is. But, their visit isn't the one convincing me of Fargo's coolness. No, it's the fact that VANILLA ICE is coming in June! Of course, it's the day I'm moving, and I don't think the folks want to take a trip up to Fargo to see Vanilla Ice.

 The day I created my list of worst sports moments, I also discovered urlLink this article that says I might have to add to my best sports moments list next fall. Hooray!

 The blip about KC being a sports-tortured city made me come up with my own list of my ten worst sports moments, related to KC and Mizzou. 10. The Fifth Down. This would have been higher, but I was nine at the time. However, the glorious creation that is ESPN Classic allowed me to watch this debacle, and it still hurt. 9. The 13-3 Chiefs lose to Denver 14-10 in the AFC Divisional playoff game in 1997. I hate John Elway. 8. MU is trailing No. 20 Michigan State 13-10 inside 2 minutes with the ball near mid-field. Larry Smith decides to punt. I hate Larry Smith. 7. OU's Jameel Heywood tips in a shot at the buzzer to beat Mizzou 63-61 in 2002. I hate Oklahoma. 6. Jermaine Dye is traded for Neifi Perez. Straight up. And people weren't fired for this. 5. The 2003-04 Missouri men's basketball season. This isn't really a "moment." Because it NEVER HAPPENED. 4. To avoid a shot-clock violation, Aaron Miles throws up the ugliest shot this side of third-grade-girls' basketball and ties the game at 74 with 1:20 left in the MU-kU game in 2003 -- my final game as a Mizzou student. Kirk Hinrich makes a similar buzzer-beating shot moments later to break the tie, and kU goes on to win 79-75. This win keeps Missouri from finishing undefeated at Hearnes that season. 3. With the Royals on fire, MLB players go on strike in 1994. We haven't been competitive since. 2. Lin Elliot misses two field-goal attempts inside of 40 yards as the 13-3 Chiefs lose to Indianapolis 13-10 in the AFC Divisional playoff game. 1. Three words: Four. Point. Eight. This game bothered me so much that the following fall I cheered FOR kU when they played UCLA. Also receiving votes: *"The Kick." This would have made the top 10, if I hadn't also been a Nebraska fan at the time. * Clarence Gilbert can't hit a shot to save his life, a nobody can hit a free throw, as Missouri loses to OU in the Elite Eight. * The 2002 Royals season. * Mizzou loses by 55. To K-State. In basketball. * The 9-6 Chiefs fall to Oakland 38-35 in overtime at Arrowhead in the regular season finale in Jan. 2000. KC takes a 17-0 lead in the first quarter, but can't hold on. John Baker kicks off out-of-bounds twice, leading to the game-tying and game-winning field goals for Oakland.

 ESPN2's Cold Pizza has been running down the top-15 most tortured sports cities in America. They put KC at No. 14. Simmons says we should be higher. 14. Kansas City K.C. hasn't appeared in a championship final in any sport since 1985. It doesn't have an NBA team or an NHL team. It has a small-market baseball team that has no chance of competing with the Yanks and Sox on a year-to-year basis. Maybe the Chiefs have been consistently solid, but you won't see NFL Films releasing a "Greatest Chiefs Playoff Moments" DVD any time soon. They also have an inferiority complex about St. Louis, which speaks for itself. This place is a mess. The only good thing they have going for them is Joe Posnanski, and even he's ready to hang himself at this point. They should have cracked the top 10. I think those in KC who are on the good side of the MU/kU rivalry have it even worse. As far as the inferiority complex when it comes to St. Louis, I'll admit, I was VERY angry when St. Louis won the Super Bowl in 2000. They got the Rams, what in 1995? And they're in the Super Bowl?! Chiefs fans deserved it more.

 It's only been baseball season for seven weeks. The Royals are on pace to lose 111 games. And, by the end of the month, I'll not only be surprised if Beltran is still a Royal, but it looks like urlLink Joe Randa might be on the way out, too. I don't think I could handle seeing Joe Randa play for another team. Darn those Royals for giving me such high expectations!

 In my dream last night, Jill and I were in the Top 10 on American Idol. Very realistic, I think.

 This weekend I watched a movie called "Life Without Dick." I cannot believe I had never heard of it. Not only did it star Harry Connick, Jr. as an aspiring Irish singer, it also featured Johnny Knoxville! AND Bing Crosby's "Pistol Packin' Mama" was on the soundtrack! And the lead actress was Sarah Jessica Parker. Anyway, I liked it.

 Ok, so quite a while ago I won tickets to the Broadway shows that would be shown at the Fargodome. One of the shows was Lord of the Dance. For some reason, this made me very angry. I've since decided that having the option of going to a show for free shouldn't make me angry. Anyway, I went last night. But, I did not get a playbill, so I really was confused. Here's what I got out of it: First, these people came on stage in hoods and with torches. Scary. There were bodies on the ground. Well, people pretending -- acting! -- to be bodies. Anyway, this girl in this hideous silver and gold outfit played a song similar to "Simple Gifts" on a flute. Except, I believe she, too, was acting. Then, she got up and sprinkled glitter on the bodies. (Note: Here's a sign I've been corrupted by working with Jesse crew. My first thought when she started sprinkling glitter, "You can't have glitter on stage!") Then they got up and started dancing. Then they all left. Then a girl came on and sang a song. I think part of it was in gaelic, so I spaced out. Then, a bunch of girls came on and danced, highlighted by the girl in the gold top. Then, a bunch of boys came out and danced. They were wearing armour and masks, except Fake Michael Flatley, who was wearing a mask and a shirt with a sequined Celtic knot on it. I was glad that he wore pants, and not tights, because only superheroes should be wearing masks and tights. Then this girl in a red dress danced around by herself. Then the boys came on wearing frat-boy dance outfits -- black t-shirt, black pants. Fake Michael Flatley (FMF) really tore it up on this one. And I decided that he was a pretty good looking fellow. Then some girls came out and played the fiddle. That was really good. Then the girls came out. They danced. And, then the girl in the red came out, and so the other girls took off their dresses and danced in short tops and shorts. That was strange. Oh, also at one time, the girl in red and the girl in the gold top (who was now wearing a white top) danced around. FMF came out, too. Girl in red tried to take him, but he went with the girl in the white top. I'm guessing this was a good thing. And, then everyone (exept the glitter girl (GG)) came out wearing red. And they all danced. It was amazing. Then FMF pointed at the audience, and the lights went out. End Act 1. Then I got a pretzel. So, at the beginning of Act 2, GG starts playing that flute again. Then FMF and the boys in armour came on stage. They stole her flute, played keep away for a while, then broke it in half. I wasn't really sad about this. I didn't like GG or her flute. Anyway, this was the point in the show where I realized there was a storyline, not just a lot of dancing. So, then guess who came to the rescue? FAKE MICHAEL FLATLEY!!! This is when I realized that there wasn't just one lead boy dancer, and the boy in the armour was not actually FMF. So, I started thinking of him as Bizarro Fake Michael Flatley (BFMF). Well, FMF got the flute parts back from BFMF, and he and his boys chased of BFMF and his boys. Then FMF put the flute behind his back, and when he brought it back, it was fixed! Hooray. Well, BFMF was not saying hooray, because some of his henchmen went and kidnapped FMF and brought him to BFMF's lair. Things were not looking good for Fake Micahel Flatley. Except that the show was named after his character, so fate was probably on his side. Anyway, first the armour boys danced around him in a circle, which was really cool. Oh, and they took off his belt, which I noticed was exceptionally large. Then they showed off the belt. It was very WWE-esque. I'm guessing this is the belt you get when you are "The Lord of the Dance." Then they made FMF go up a ramp to a ledge. Then, right when BFMF pointed at him, which I'm assuming meant something bad was going to happen, GG showed up and threw, you guessed it, glitter. I guess this saved FMF, because he disappeared, but then showed up on another ledge -- wearing a different shirt! Then, he slid down a firepole, and he fought (translation: danced around with) BFMF. And, then he got his belt back. Oh, also at one point FMF danced with the gold-top girl, except she was wearing red. Then the girls came out wearing red, and the boys came out wearing TUXEDOS?! I was very confused by this. But, not as confused as when they came out wearing day-glow orange, yellow and pink cosutmes! WHAT?! At the end everyone came out in silver and black outfits and they danced. This was the best part. It was actually really good. Sorry this was so long.

 Today's task -- sit by a keg at a golf course. We're hosting a fund-rasing scramble, and my job is to monitor the beer. It's a pretty rough job.

 I'm beginning to think I'm not going to win a Viper from Dr Pepper.

 A USA Today story says that urlLink those who attend church services at least once a week are more likely to vote Republican than Democratic. I must be the exception. As far as Catholics go, I think it's safe to say a lot of it has to do with abortion. At a dinner for CCD teachers, I heard this conversation: Lady 1, "I just don't know who I'm going to vote for. I mean, neither is too appealing." Lady 2, "Yeah, but at least you know one's for abortion and one is pro-life." I wanted to yell, "But what about the death penalty?! What about the war!? What about social justice?! Abortion isn't the only issue where politicians go against the Vatican!" But, I didn't really feel it was my place. But I must say I was relieved to read urlLink this article that says some Catholics don't understand how people can base their vote on a single issue that was decided 30 years ago and probably won't change under new administration. We've had a "pro-life" president for four years. And, under this "pro-life" president, we've had 700+ service men and women killed in Iraq, and while this "pro-life" man was governor more than a few people were executed in Texas. Has abortion been outlawed? No. So, it's a good thing he's in office, protecting lives. Sorry to vent. I'll try to keep my posts lighter and more pirate-related in the future.

 The ten years I spent participating in organized sports really left a mark. As I pulled my hair up yesterday to run, I felt like I was getting away with something because I used metal hair clips. Ha ha! Take that, world!

 I learned this story at dinner last night. How true it is, I don't know, but it's the story they tell kids at the elementary school. The Wahp and Breck sit where three rivers meet. So, back in the day, Breckenridge was quite a hub for trading. Then in 1862 urlLink the city was ravaged by a fire . The link said it was the Sioux that set the fire, but the story I heard last night said that it was pirates from the riverboats. PIRATES!!! In Breck!! Awesome. Now, this is the best part that they tell the kids. If that fire hadn't burnt down the city, it might have grown to become the next Chicago. Darn those pirates!

 Yesterday was a beautiful day. Mid 70s. Light breeze. Perfect for a run OUTSIDE! After work I hopped in my car and with the window down and Marching Mizzou playing the fight song in my CD player, I drove around town to find and measure a good route. (When I'm not running in a circle on a track or on a machine, I worry about starting, going, then dying miles from my car. This way I knew where I needed to go and that I'd be able to survive.) First I was going to run on the gravel roads about a half-mile outside of town. This is for two reasons, 1) Ask my siblings, and they'll tell you I run like a weirdo, and 2) I figured the ND gravel roads are probably on a grid, and I'd be able to keep track of distance really easily. Then, I decided to run on the bike trail at the park instead. I couldn't measure it, but that was ok. In fact, then I didn't think at all about when I hit my miles, if I was running far enough, etc. I just enjoyed it. The trail runs just yards from the Red River and past the zoo, golf course, a historic carousel and chapel, and a park. It was beautiful! The familiar sound of feet hitting the asphalt combined with breathing in through the nose, out through the mouth, made me nostaligic for track. FOR TRACK! I didn't like track when I was in it, how would I have fond memories now? Anyway, I only ran for 30 minutes and probably didn't even cover 3 miles, but it was great. I think I'll do it again. Then, supper just kept the good times coming. Beer cheese soup at The Wilkin, you just can't go wrong with that! Plus, I had a reason to wear my heeled flip-flops. And, I took my lime-green purse. The whole experience made me think I'll probably miss North Dakota a little. Well, late-spring North Dakota, anyway. Still not too keen on winter North Dakota.

 Crowd at sporting event: Boooo! You suck ref! A rope! A tree! Hang the referee! A rope! A tree! Hang the referee!... Voice of Reason: Wait! You've got it all wrong! If we get rid of the referee, who will officiate the game? There wouldn't be a game. And then where would the kids be? Out in the streets, tempted by vandolism, sex and drugs. We shouldn't be harassing officials, we should be thanking them, taking them out for coffee, showing our appreciation. So, let's try that again. A hamburger, a coffee, hug the referee! Seriously, someone was paid to write this?

 I had barbecue chips for lunch. I rubbed my eye, I think when I must have still had chip residue on my fingers. My eye feels a little spicy now.

 So, Frankie finally left the Real World. The Real World house, that is. Whether or not she's ever been in the Real World is to be determined. Still, I enjoyed the commercial with the girl writing a letter to MTV. She says, essentially, "I've noticed that every season there seems to be one crazy person in the house. And they all seem to be from Kansas City. What's with this? Do you have some kind of agreement with Kansas City? If so, I'd like to know more about it."

 Last night I watched a show on the Discovery Channel called "Big." If you have a chance, you should watch this. They point of the show is that they build giant, functional things. Last night they built a huge blender that made a 1000 gallon smoothie. A special bonus is that there's a "designer" who doesn't really fit in with the engineers, welders, builders, etc. There was drama. It was funny. I didn't think it would actually work, because the blades were so giant, but the fruit was regular size. I didn't think the blades would cut up the strawberries and bananas. But, I was wrong. It worked. Next, they're making a giant popcorn popper, and later they're making a giant electric guitar!

 I bought a lime-green purse. It makes me happy just to look at it. Despite the fact that I'm wearing a jacket and it's in the mid-50s and drizzly outside, it says to me, "Summer is here!"

 I was at Target on Sunday, and I bought a CD by an unknown-to-me artist just because it was cheap and it included "I Get a Kick Out of You" and "Singin' in the Rain." So, I figured anyone who covers those songs can't be all bad. The verdict: I LOVE IT. Anyway, it's called Twentysomething by Jamie Cullum, and I listened to it about 17 times while packing --that's right, I was actually packing! -- yesterday, and I still don't hate it. I'm listening to it now! I give it a solid recommendation.

 I love Lance Bass. This weekend I was fortunate enough to catch his movie, "On the Line" on ABC Family. Lance's character meets a girl on the train. She asks him to tell her something he'd only tell a stranger. He says, "This sounds really lame, but I can name all the presidents in order." That's not lame! I can do that! Then, they proceed to name all the presidents in order -- and they did it wrong! They only said Grover Cleveland once. C'mon, Lance! The other best part of the movie was at the end, when they were doing a "behind the scenes" and Chris Kirkpatrick and Justin Timberlake were posing as the hair and makeup people (JC must have been too busy growing a mullet). Justin Timberlake said, "*N Sync? More like *N STINK!" And then I laughed, because I don't really like Justin Timberlake, and I do think he stinks.

 Last night I heard a HORRIBLE thing on Jay Leno. Jay was asking Vin Diesel about his connection to Nicole Kidman, because apparantly at one time they were linked. Vin said they went to a business dinner to discuss upcoming projects. I thought, "Yeah, right, Vin. The lady has an Oscar. She doesn't have to be in your movies." Then he said, "Yeah, we want to remake Guys and Dolls . I'd be Sky Masterson and she'd be Sargent Sarah." WHAT?! No. This fall my brother and I played "(Re)Cast movie versions of musicals." We are nerds. The one that was the most fun was Guys and Dolls. This one went on for days. We'd think of the perfect actor/actress for a part and call the other right away. I don't think I need to tell you that Vin Diesel was not included in our cast. We considered Nicole for Sarah, but felt we would rather go with Gwyneth. You must be wondering, who makes up the rest of the cast? Why, I'll tell you... Sky Masterson: Harry Connick, Jr. Nathan Detroit: Tom Hanks Sarah Brown: Gwyneth Paltrow Adelaide: Megan Mullally Nicely Nicely Johnson: Matthew Broderick I get fuzzy on the rest. Honestly, I was fuzzy on those. I'm not 100 percent sure Tom Hanks was our Nathan Detroit. He was at one time, but we may have moved him. And I don't remember who played Brannigan, but we had a good one. For some of the other, non-singing gangsters we included Matthew McConaughey and maybe Matt Damon. And, Robbie Williams would be in the trio sining the Fugue for Tinhorns at the beginning. That one was my idea. Maybe Vin can be a gangster, but he CANNOT be Sky. Wouldn't Harry be infinitely better? I think so. Your suggestions would be appreciated. Maybe we can pass them on to whatever studio is thinking doing this, and we can prevent them from making the American public listen to Vin Diesel sing.

 urlLink This extra bowl game accomplishes nothing. Does it help in finding the "true" National Champion? No. Does it help smaller schools sneak into the lucrative BCS bowls? Theoretically. But, when was the last time the No. 9 and No. 10 schools were not from the major conferences? I'm too lazy to do the research, but I'm guessing it was long ago. A small school would need to go undefeated to crack the top 10. All this does is add another bowl to the already saturated bowl season.

 Dear Royals: Last week I did the unthinkable. I stopped caring. But, today when I looked at the standings, something changed. I saw 9.5. A wave of delusional optimism swept over me. Single digits. If things go well today, we could be within eight. Eight. I want to believe again, Royals. I'm sorry I stopped believing. I hope you can forgive me. You should. After all, I've forgiven you for continuing to allow Curtis Leskanic to pitch. Seriously, please stop doing that. Your fan forever, Kara

 What made me smile yesterday? Listening to all the random songs I have on my work computer. What made me laugh out loud at my desk? When I heard "I Want It That Way" by the FARC-Street Boys. It was awesome then, and it's awesome now.

 I have some not-so-fun tasks that I must finish before I leave. In the same vein as the urlLink Bake-O-Rama , I'm going to give them fun names, so that I might trick myself. Today's task at work: "Data Entry Extravaganza!" If you can tell me what would be more fun than entering game scores from the past 30 years, I'd like to hear it! Tonight at home: "Kitchen-Cleaning Mania!" Whoooo! This weekend: "The Kara Moran, Super Fun-Time Packing Spectacular!" Who doesn't want to be a part of that?!

 Last night a co-worker had a good-bye party for me at her house. We had leftover beer and brats from the golf outing. It was awesome. Then, we played Win, Lose or Draw. And my team won. By a landslide. That was great. Then, this morning I found a bruise on my calf, and I'm thinking it might be a Win, Lose or Draw-related injury. But, it's totally worth it. We dominated.

 First, let me say that I'm very happy that urlLink Dave Beckham is going to be the new face of Gillette. Now, let me tell you how angry Gillette's M3Power Razor commercials make me. It's not so much the notion of a battery-powered razor enhancing the shaving experience as their opening line. "There is a power that you will do anything to get your hands on." Really?! You realize you're selling a razor, and not the power of flight, invisibility, teleportation or any other super power. Maybe your razor does contain a power that people are willing to "do anything" to acquire. If by "do anything" you mean "shill out 20 bucks." Again, one of those things that shouldn't make me angry, but it does.

 Here's a headline on the Fargo Forum's online front page: urlLink "Don't forget your IDs if voting today in N.D." Really? I know Rob didn't have any trouble voting in the primary, but really, do we have to put a headline in the paper telling people they need to bring ID? Even I bring ID when I vote absentee, and I vote in Platte County, where the election board not only knows who I am, they know why I'm not going to be in town to vote. I think the best part is that there's an icon at the bottom saying "Talk about this story." Really? People are going to discuss bringing ID to vote?! Oh, and a utility bill counts as ID. With such undeniable sources of ID as a utility bill, I'd say North Dakota has no chance of ever having cases of voter fraud. Does a utility bill count as ID everywhere in North Dakota? I want to see some under-age NDSU student go to a bar in Fargo and present a water bill when asked for ID. Hey, if it lets you vote, it should let you drink!

 *I don't own any TV shows on DVD, but I think I would buy season 1 of Arrested Development and all the seasons of Ed. In fact, Ed had an appearance in one of my dreams lately. It made me realize how much I miss that show. *I'm thinking of jumping on the re-design boat. Let's face it, sometimes I get windy, and this format is not condusive to my occasional long rants. *ABC Family ran a movie starring a buzz-cut wearing Joseph Lawrence. Hey, pal, even if you change your name and give yourself a buzz-cut, people are still going to know that you're Joey Lawrence. Sorry. *Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think golf etiquette includes peeing behind trees. This fact escaped a couple at the open on Friday. *Yesterday a terrible thing happened. The Royals lost, and I didn't get that "blech" feeling. I just shrugged it off. This is the official beginning of apathetic baseball season. And there's still a long way to go. I'm quite sad. *At the golf outing a lot of people asked if I was having fun. My reply once was "If there's a full-time job of sitting on a golf course, by a keg, in sunny, 80 degree weather, let me know where to apply." Then one guy answered, "Well, if you like being outside all day, boy do I have the job for you! Do you want a summer job? Because I have one." As this gentlemen kept edging himself into the "creepy" category, I quickly told him that I'm moving. But, man would I be kicking myself if he really did have a full-time job of sitting by a keg on a golf course. *Does it make me a bad person that I'm not sad about Ronald Reagan? It has nothing to do with politics, it's just that he's been "gone" for so long. We lost him a long time ago. *If I'm not a bad person for the above sentiment, am I a bad person for being angry every time I see a Scott Peterson trial story on the national news? Really, do I need to hear about this every day? What about this story warrants national news coverage? Because there was a national search put out for her when she first went missing, I can understand doing readers on actual developments. Scott's arrest, trial starting, verdict. Not much else. Daily trail updates? NOT NECESSARY. Maybe I'm cold, or maybe it's that I realize this isn't the first time a husband "allegedly" killed his wife.

 And I'm not talking about a content psychic. This morning the a/c wasn't working in our office. It was pretty warm. And muggy. Well, don't worry, it's working now and making up for lost time. It's freezing in here!

 The golf tournament went well. I didn't drink that much, which was good. And, I got some free golf balls. Some of the golfers got on my nerves, but other than that, it was a good day.

 Yesterday, there was a man in church wearing a pirate shirt. Seriously, it was khaki colored, pretty baggy, and the neck laced up.

 This will be the final post from The Wahp. I've been pretty surprised at how un-emotional I've been. Don't get my wrong, I've almost cried a lot. But I expected to actually cry a lot. There are a lot of things, mostly people, that I will miss about North Dakota, but I'm excited to move on. This morning I was feeling very rebellious, since it was my last day. I decided I was going in late, leaving early and I wasn't going to iron my pants! Well, I ended up ironing my pants a little bit (There's a pocket flap that was doing crazy things, but I didn't iron the rest. Take that, world!), I was still the first person in my office, and since I'm not very adept at running Macs, it took me WAY longer than I anticipated to print screen shots of my desktop folders so that the next user will be able to find anything. This resulted in me not only not leaving early, but staying a little late. Oh, and leaving early wouldn't have even been rebelling, as my boss told me yesterday that it would be ok. But, I'm leaving The Wahp/Breck area in style. The folks and a friend roll in tomorrow afternoon. We'll golf on the urlLink only course in America with nine holes in one state, nine in another , then we'll go to eat at The Wilkin, which means beer-cheese soup for me! Oh, and if I have anything to say about it, we're taking our picture by urlLink Wahpper!

 The Royals urlLink released Curtis Leskanic. Maybe the Royals got my letter afterall.

 There's a billboard in Fargo that says: Be Polite. I think it should say: Please Be Polite.

 There was a monkey on my desk this morning. Not a real monkey, a toy monkey.

 Also, I thought a lot about up-to-bat music. I usually think about this anytime I attend a baseball game. Really, for someone who will never need up-to-bat music, I spend too much time and energy deciding what mine would be. Here's a short list of the candidates. Serious songs: 1) Let Me Entertain You. This will also be my theme song when I get a talk show. 2) Back in Black. This one's not very original, but I love it. It's a classic. Songs I would use just to see the reactions of the other team/the crowd: 1) Spice Up Your Life. 2) The Macarena. 3) Jingle Bells, by the Jingle Cats. Man, that would be AWESOME!

 1) I have a new career goal: to sit in a rocking chair on a baseball field. This is someone's job. It could be mine. And I, unlike the current job holder, would wear Redhawk attire, not overalls. 2) urlLink Rob is easily frightened. Once I just said, "Guess what?" and he looked a little scared. Sure, I said it with a little enthusiasm, but that's nothing to get all jumpy about. And, anyways, my news was exciting. I passed a car with Missouri plates on the way up to Fargo! 3) I learned this on the way home, not so much there. The Redhawks have a player with the last name Salazar. I thought that name sounded familir, and Rob thought he might have originally been in the KC system. Then, I realized, the name sounds familiar because of Harry Potter: Salazar Slytherin. I'm a nerd. 4) The Redhawks have awesome between-inning games, including one where blind-folded kids try to put spots on cows. One girl ran the opposite direction of the cow, and I believe she was close to putting spots on the third baseman before she was corralled. 5) The Redhawks should be thanked for only throwing peanuts to the crowd. The St. Joe Saints threw hot dogs, and the Royals shoot hot dogs out of a gun! I firmly believe that you should not eat a hot dog that you acquire by catching it amongst a crowd.

 Because they're crazy! A Swiss paper urlLink posted a picture of Dave Beckham and encouraged readers to put nails, staples, tacks, etc. into his legs as a form of voodoo. Just so long as they don't mess with his hair...

 Seems there are teams interested in Mike Sweeney, and urlLink Allard is listening . Oh, man, if they trade him I will be one unhappy camper. Same goes for Joe Randa.

 *Last night I painted my nails. On one hand. Then forgot about the other. Thank goodness it's just a clear coat. *Speaking of clear, my senior class voted our class colors to be turd brown and clear. One of my friends got upset and made us re-vote. Too bad. Those would have been awesome class colors! Five years later, I'm still disappointed. *Speaking of, it's our five-year reunion this summer. Sadly, I won't be in attendance. Probably. *I got a "Mizzou Greek Alumni" email today. That is entirely unnecessary. Especially since it did not include anything about an exploding cannon. By the way, I still find that funny in a thank-goodness-nobody-was-hurt kind of way. *I half-watched the finale of WB Superstar USA last night. Jamie, this girl who screams everything and calls it singing and also wrote lyrics on her hands in the beginning because she couldn't remember them, won. And then they told her that it was all a joke and that she couldn't sing. And I don't think she got it, because she said, "Now that I'm the Superstar, the other star I can't wait to hang out with is Britney Spears. We're going to make an awesome video together." Um, no you aren't.

 Maybe I shouldn't watch two episodes a night. My brain's gone all Carl and keeps sticking the word "freakin'" into my thoughts. It's really freakin' annoying!

 June 24 is the series premier for The Graham Norton Effect on Comedy Central. If you've never seen Graham Norton, I'll just give you this warning: He is pee-your-pants funny. My only fear is that FCC rules might be a little restricting for him, but I'm confident that he'll still be hilarious.

 Robbie Williams has the part of "Wedding Singer" in De-Lovely , a movie about Cole Porter. Robbie is one of several musical performers. It comes to select theaters on July 2. I can't wait!

 Of course I loved the movie, and I just really love those three kids. They are just too adorable. In fact, I like Rupert Grint so much that I'd be willing to watch urlLink Thunderpants . Here's the plot summary for that movie, from imdb: An 11-year-old boy's amazing ability to break wind leads him first to fame and then to death row, before it helps him to fulfill his ambition of becoming an astronaut.

 I was very, VERY upset when I saw Prisoner of Azkaban and noticed that in one shot Harry's scar is over his left eye. Everywhere else it's over his right eye. I was quite upset about this. How did Daniel Radcliffe let this happen? Wouldn't he tell the make-up person "Ummm... I've been Harry Potter for three years, and that scar's always gone over my right eye."? So, I was planning on ranting about this, and I googled for a link, because surely someone else noticed. Well, they did. Apparantly, that scene was shot through a mirror, or something like that, so everything was supposed to be backwards. I take back everything bad I said.

 Mattel is launching a line of urlLink Barbie clothes for adults. That's right, they expect grown women to pay a lot of money to dress like a doll. And, what's scary is that some will. Call me when they come out with a suit that I can wear to work but turn into a cocktail dress at night.

 I ironed my pants this morning without wearing my glasses or contacts. You can tell.

 Japan doesn't think urlLink the current set-up of the proposed Baseball World Cup is fair. Their biggest beef is that the MLB players' union and commisioner's office would split the profits. Cry me a river! MLB is the organization running it! MLB players will be the first ones chosen to represent their respective countries. They should be compensated. This thing is supposed to happen in eight months. You are not helping that to become a reality, Japan!

 This is the beginning of an MLB.com article titled "Royals slump is no laughing matter." Mike Sweeney, in the visitors' clubhouse the other day in Minnesota, was bringing reporters up to date on his back injury. Then he was asked about the Royals' hitting malaise. Hitting coach Jeff Pentland happened to be wandering past. "Ask Pent," Sweeney said. "Pent?" "What do you think the problem is with our offense right now?" Sweeney asked. "Besides Carlos Beltran being in Houston, me and Joe Randa on the sidelines, Juan Gonzalez in Arizona -- what else?" Pentland, other than still being in his underwear, exuded his usual professorial demeanor. "Well, those are good starts," Pentland said amiably. "Like I don't know half the guys that are here." Sweeney laughed good-naturedly.

 I hope the smaller font size makes this more readable for some of my longer rants. What's my favorite part of the new format? The background color is called Light Steel Blue. Steel Blue/Blue Steel? The only thing better would be a color called Magnum.

 I point that out to prove that my hopes for the season were not purely Kara delusions. Now, we've just been swept AND shut out three games by the Twins. At least they were close; we lost the three by a combined 25-0. You gotta feel good about that. On the bright side, we're only 9.5 games back -- of the fourth place Tigers. DETROIT! WE'RE ALMOST 10 GAMES BACK OF DETROIT! It makes me very sad.

 Yesterday I called a car repair place to see about getting my air conditioner fixed. They said it'd take them about an hour and a half, and I could bring it in at 7 a.m. So, I did. But, then they told me I'd have to bring it in at 8 because the guy doesn't get in until then. So, I got up early for nothing. Liars!

 Earlier I mentioned that I noticed Jessica Simpson singing Robbie Williams' "Angels." The clip on saw on the TV channel seemed unoffensive. Well, that song came on the radio as I tried to go to sleep last night, and there's only one word for it. BUTCHERED. It's a beautiful song, and you a beautiful voice, so there's no reason to go overboard on the stylization, lady! Just sing it! It'll sound good! But, now it sucks, and that made me very angry when I went to sleep. On the bright side, I did unpack my Robbie Williams calendar yesterday, and in the July picture he is very pretty. Hooray!

 Item number 6.5 on my update should be: Went to a barbecue and the CP Freedom Festival with friends. Double Hooray!

 The short answer is "Of course, you idiot!" But, when you read urlLink this that says we're ranked No. 7 -- one spot BETTER THAN England -- it makes me very excited! In fact, so excited that if I were in the KC area, I go watch the Wizards host DC United and Freddy Adu this weekend. Whooo! Soccer!

 If any of you hear me utter the phrase "I'm fixin' to," please promptly kick my ass.

 Last post June 18! That's crazy. Anyway, for anyone who might still read this since I appeared to drop off the face of the Earth, a million points. Also, I'm probably ending the points tally once I reformat, which will tentatively happen late this week when I finally get a phone line/Internet in my apartment. (Yes, I still use dial-up. I'm poor. It's cheap.) Here's a quick recap of the last 2 1/2 weeks: 1. I got the A/C fixed in my car! YEAH! 2. Went to CoMO. Good times were had by all. Well, they were had by me, anyway. I can't speak for the rest of you jokers. 3.Carlos Beltran is traded. BOOOOOO. 4. Go to Royals game with friends on Friday! YEAH! 5. Royals lose. Booooo. 6. Sit in the rain for more than an hour waiting for the Royals game on Sunday. Boo. 7. Royals lose. Boooo. 8. Drive directly from Kauffman to Grand Rivers, Ky. for family reunion. Meh. 9. Stop in Metropolis, Ill. to take pictures with Superman! YEAH! It's been a long time since I've seen my brother so excited. He actually said, "Yeah, this really made my day! Now, take one with just me and Superman, and I'm going to frame it and hang it up!" Metropolis has about 6500 people in it, and there was a sign with a line for an arrow that said "Giant Statue," except, it didn't point anywhere! There was no arrow! So, it's about midnight, there's nothing open, we drive through what we think is the entire town without seeing Superman. So, I hop in a Days Inn and ask the lady through protective glass (why is this necessary?) where the giant Superman statue is. Now, if I lived/worked in a town of 6500 people and one giant statue, I could tell you where the statue lived. She acted as if I just asked her to explain nuclear physics. She starts fretting, "Ummm.... Ummmm...." then she turns around and lifts her arm up as if she's drawing in the air. Then, she figures out there's a map with the giant statue mapped on it. Hooray! Now I can get out of here. No. She proceeds to give directions, naming what I'm convinced is every building along the way. Look, lady, I don't care. I can see where it is on the map. I can find it now. I don't know where the Nations Bank is, so if you say, past the Nations Bank it means nothing. JUST GIVE ME THE MAP. Anyway, it was a small adventure, that I was glad to take. And, now I hope all of you have the Superman theme song in your head..... now quick! Switch to Star Wars! Tricky, isn't it. I love that game. Try it with your friends. 10. Family reunion. It was good. Hard at times, but good. And, I did play a LOT of Texas Hold 'Em with my cousins. And I always lost. And then we rode Go-Karts at a very sketchy track where, I'm not making this up, some of the employees were BAREFOOT! I was never passed, and I lapped my brother the second time around. Sadly, my disposable camera flew out of my pocket and was run over. Several times. Dead. But, fortunately it was a new one and the Superman pictures were not on it! 11. A/C in my car breaks leaving Kentucky to go to Alabama. Booo. It is hot from Kentucky to Alabama. 12. Move in. Meh. 13. Take car to get it fixed. I'm told it's my compressor, and that it will run about $700. I tell them I'm going to get a second opinion, thank you very much. 14. Pretty much stayed in over the weekend watching movies and playing Sims. Sadly, Bridget McDuffy died of an unknown illness that I believe was caused by the guinea pig. And, what did her husband James do right afterwards? Mourn? No. He got a snack. That James... 14. Register for classes. Well, class. I'm only taking one. Sport Finance. Um, blech. And the building and classroom is listed as TBA. WHAT?! Classes start TOMORROW. Just when are you going to announce it?! 15. And now I'm posting this. Hooray?

 I've already finished my Diet Dr. Pepper. This morning could be a long one...

 You have to imagine me yelling that title, like Capt. Kirk yelling, "Kahn!!!" Anyway, that's how angry I am. It looks like the Baseball World Cup urlLink will be pushed back to 2006 . Wait. A World Cup in 2006? I think there's already one scheduled. But, soccer doesn't draw more international interest that baseball, does it? I understand that Japan's leagues want input in how it's going to be run. But it's not as if MLB is just making up their own rules. They had to have the players' association agree to IBF drug-testing standards. They're going by international rules. The only thing is MLB is running the thing. And, call me crazy, but I think MLB is the biggest force in baseball, not the international governing body. MLB will be affected the most by a World Cup. Yes, Japan and South Korea's leagues will be affected. Some. But, their national rosters will be filled first with MLBers, then with those in their own leagues.

 When I moved, we came directly from Kentucky to Alabama. My dad drove my car to Kentucky, because I was waiting for Kristi who was going to the Royals game. So, I took out of my car all my CDs except the ones I thought he'd like. The rest I brought into the house, planning on bringing them in the car we were taking to Kentucky. Planning. Didn't happen so much. So now I have a limited number of CDs, and very few of them are CDs that had earned a spot in "the rotation." And only one is Robbie. ONE. And it's Swing While You're Winning, which I love, but since the bulk of the remaining CDs are crooners, it's not all that special. I also have Tom Jones. I love Tom Jones, but, I can only handle so much. And I've exceeded that limit. And it's made me angry at Tom. And he doesn't deserve that. I can't wait until my mom mails me the rest.

 I'm not going to lie. I was VERY excited for VH1's I Love the '90s to start. Yes, it's soon, but this is the first series where I'll be able to remember everything. Last night's shows ('90 & 91) were ok. Here's a recap if you missed 1991. Included: Rico Suave. Not included: Operation Desert Storm. Ok, maybe you don't include wars in shows with the words "I Love" in the title. But, you could at least have mentioned the Scud Stud. Or what people at home were doing. This war was televised like none before it. It made an impact. Of course, I'm not saying Rico Suave didn't ...

 Yesterday I heard someone say "Democrat" as if it wa a dirty word. I'll fit right in...

 Literally. I got my car a/c fixed on Saturday. One of the mechanics was wearing an Evita T-shirt. Awesome.

 From ESPN.com: AL Least Valuable Player (LVP) of the Half-Year JUAN GONZALEZ, ROYALS -- Gonzalez spent the winter working out wearing a shirt that read "162" on the front. That was supposed to represent the number of games he planned to play. Of course, he never promised he'd play them all this year. He was last seen pulling up with a tight back while running to first base after a ground ball May 21. He was described, at the time, as being day-to-day. It's now seven weeks -- and zero at-bats -- later. And still no sign of him. You'd like to give the guy the benefit of the doubt, since he is a two-time MVP. But after 11 trips to the disabled list and countless episodes just like this one, even his own teammates have been grumbling to friends about him. If this guy can't get inspired to play for Tony Pena, you have to wonder if he's about to run out of teams to employ him. SIGHS OF RELIEF FOR: Pick a Mariner. Any Mariner.

 The answer is, how does huge game-show fan Kara feel about the fact that she has not been able to watch Ken Jenning on Jeopardy? Seriously, it's killing me.

 I have, they just don't include the ability to win at Texas Hold 'Em. Anyway, last night's show featured the cast of Arrested Development. I love this show, and in turn love those actors. I also love David Foley. He's a riot. Last night, Phil said, "Player A and Player B both have a pair of tens, but Player A leads right now because he has the Jack high kicker." Then, Dave Foley says, "Sometimes poker players call the high kicker a Rockette! Right, Phil! Right!" Then there's a long pause, and Phil says, very begrudgingly, "Sometimes poker players call the high kicker a Rockette." It was awesome. Also, David Cross, who plays Tobias on Arrested Development is very strange. Also strange, included with the A.D. cast was one random guy from Six Feet Under. It was driving me crazy, because I kept thinking, "Who is that?! Who does he play?! I've never seen him on the show!" Then, finally that crazy Dave was going through what the players were doing, "Jason stays. He's on Arrested Development. Will stays. He's on Arrested Development. Peter folds. That's because he's not on Arrested Development." And, the mystery was solved...

 My sister and two cousins are leaving for Italy today with one of my uncles. If the pope is healthy enough, my uncle (a priest) is going to try to get them an audience. So, starting tonight, for the next ten days, I'll be the only Moran kid in the States. Craziness.

 In my dream last night, I was at some kind of function at my high school. Except, the building wasn't actually what my high school looked like. Anyway, in attendance were John Kerry, John Edwards, GW Bush and GHW Bush. I got all four of them together to take a picture, but my camera wasn't working quite right. The strangest part about this dream was not that these men were at my high school, but that I didn't want to punch GWB in the face. I didn't even give him a dirty look. There were no secret service guys around, I totally could have gotten away with a shin kick. But, I just wanted to take a picture. With my broken camera.

 Mike Sweeney had a urlLink big day on his birthday yesterday. &nbsp;It makes me feel bad for baseball players who have winter birthdays. They have no chance at hitting grand slams on their birthday. They must feel like the elementary school kids who have summer birthdays. Poor guys.

 In 1999, the Royals had their worst season ever when they finished 64-97 with a .398 winning percentage. Then, in 2002 they topped that with the great 100 loss season, finishing 62-100 with a .383 winning percentage. Well, now we're sitting at 34-58 (.370), and are poised to finish, yet again, with the worst season in franchise history. That's three worst-ever seasons in five years! Who can stand this?! Royals fans, and I'm not just saying this because I am one, deserve a medal. Oh, also in my dream last night, Mike Sweeney was traded to the Yankees. I was almost physically ill.

 Have you seen Andy Richter's new show on FOX, Quints? It's terrible. First of all, not only does this fictional set of parents deserve a punch in the face for giving all five of the kids names that start with 'P,' but the writers also deserve a punch in the face because, naturally all five kids would be&nbsp;completely different. You have the blonde, pretty, peppy and popular Paige, then there's Parker, a cool, boy-version of Paige, then there's Penny, brunnette, sad and brooding. Then there's Pierce. He's just plain crazy. He's the weirdo. Then, there's Patton, who I'm guessing is the "runt of the litter," as he's about a foot shorter than the rest of the kids. Ok, if you can show me a family of five children where they share absolutely no physical or character traits, I will take back everything bad I've thought about this show. But, until then, it makes me angry. And, it wouldn't make me as angry if Andy Richter wasn't in it. Because, he can do better than this crap.

 On the sidebar of my Yahoo! front page, I have a section with album releases. Coming in at No. 6 in the "Top Ten" section is urlLink Blacks' Magic by Salt-N-Pepa . Really? That's a Top-10 album? I don't believe it, unless I Love the '90s is more influential than I'm giving it credit for being.

 The KC Star lists 5 urlLink reasons the Tigers will and 5 reason the Tigers won't win the Big XII North. I like that one "won't" is that MU is just plain unlucky. D'oh! It's true!

 That machine is so asking to be tossed out a window. JUST STOP BEEPING!!!

 I guess that's kind of stereotypical, because I don't know where "Dave" was from. But, anyway, my brother is now safe and sound in Taiwan. He was supposed to leave right after Memorial Day, but being a Moran adventure, it was pushed back until next week... no, next week... maybe in two weeks... and so on. I'm glad he finally made it. He's gracious enough to keep the world up to date with his goings on through his urlLink blog. &nbsp;He thinks he's pretty funny. He kind of is. Anyway, if you like reading about eating mysterious food and riding on scooters, then this is the blog for you!

 urlLink Scott 's post reminded me about a traumatic experience I had at Subway on Saturday. I've had the same Subway sandwich (6" Spicy Italian, lettuce, tomato, pickles, olives and jalepenos) since I was a freshman in high school, excluding Friday's during lent, but that probably accounts for less than five. So, imagine my horror when I went to&nbsp;a Subway in Montgomery, ordered a Spicy Italian, and the guy looked at me like I was a space alien. Subway man: Did you say Spicy Italian? Me: Yes. Six inch, please. Subway man, more confused than ever: Ummmm... do you mean Italian BMT, because I've never heard of Spicy Italian. I actually think this frightened him. He asked his manager, and he acted like I just didn't know the difference. Manager: She must mean Italian BMT. No. I did not. I know my way around a Subway menu, thank you very much. I'm not just making up sandwiches. If there are no Spicy Italian sandwiches in Alabama, as far as I'm concerned, there might as well not even be Subways. Grrr. &nbsp;

 I'm not a big fan of "the rap music."&nbsp; However, I did purchase The Streets' A Grand Don't Come for Free this weekend. I love it.&nbsp;And, I don't think it probably technically counts as rap. And, it's just plain funny. Not as funny as the French rapping busker&nbsp;on the metro, but close.&nbsp;&nbsp;I could listen to "Fit But You Know It" all day. And since I'm here by myself, I just might.

 What does it say about me that every time someone asks how I like Troy, one of the first things I say is, "There's a Sonic really close by." I think it just further proves that a cherry limeade can fix anything.

 There's something wrong with the fax machine. It causes it to beep every, oh, 15 seconds. I do not know how to fix this. And I'm the only one here.

 I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I love Lance Bass. In the '98 episode, the panelists were discussing John Glenn going back into space. Here's what Lance said: "I thought it was great when John Glenn went into space. It just goes to show ( said threw clenched teeth) any age can go into space!" I think after the edit, Lance probably shook his fist. And, I think Lance probably talks about going into space like I talk about getting a robot.

 Zubaz pants in 1996? Really? If this is true, it would be the one time in the history of the world that CPMO was ahead of a trend. And, also if this is true, why did the&nbsp;boys wearing Zubaz pants in the video clips have permed mullets? And why were they break dancing? And why did the graphics look ancient? And why does the&nbsp; urlLink Bad Fads Museum say they were from 1991?! I'm warning you right now, VH1, never lie to me again.

 Here's a quick note about where I stand on cover songs. Some are ok. Others suck. The ones that suck infuriate me. I'm looking at you, Madonna. Or Esther. Whoever you are.&nbsp;Anyway, I've talked about creating a music tribunal for years. If you want to cover a song, you would have to go in front of the music tribunal and plead your case for why you should be able to cover that song. There would be several criteria, the first would be that you must prove that it won't suck. This is the most important. Anyway, I was very glad to read this in Bill Simmon's mailbag on ESPN.com's Page 2 (I added the bold): &nbsp; Q: What are the rules singers/bands should stick to as they apply to covering songs? I can't stand to see no-talent pop stars covering songs -- Clay Aiken covering "Bridge Over Troubled Water" or Jessica Simpson covering "Take My Breath Away." Do you think NO ONE should be able to cover a song without having at least five certifiable hits in their past?-- Tim Rusch Jimmy Kimmel: I'm not sure that your "five-hit" criteria helps any, considering the fact that Madonna covered "American Pie" and Duran Duran did "911 is a Joke." Then again, the greatest argument against cover songs was, is and always will be UB40. Bill Simmons: I think the song has to be different enough that it stands apart from the original version. Like when the Smashing Pumpkins did "Landslide," or the White Stripes sang "I Don't Know What To Do With Myself." Anything else is a violation. Like how the Ataris became famous for basically ripping off Don Henley's "The Boys of Summer," the defining "roll the windows down, it's time for summer!" song of the mid-'80s. Or the Foo Fighters re-doing "Darling Nikki," which made me want to punch somebody. Even when No Doubt re-did "It's My Life" by Talk Talk, I thought that was a violation. There's no reason to cover a song that was already good on its own, unless you're going to make it sound completely different. We need to legislate this or something. &nbsp; Exactly! We need to legislate this. Now that Bill Simmons is on board, maybe we can get this thing moving!

 I was led to this realization by a couple things, the most recent of which are: 1) My boss asking me, "So, what do you do? " and me not having a response. 2) My car being in the shop until Monday afternoon, which means I'm homebound for the weekend with nothing to do but watch TV and play Sims. (Ok, I have a few chores to do, but nothing to occupy 2 1/2 days.) The thing is, I do not have the attention span for a hobby. There is no way I could ever complete the projects that urlLink Kristin does. It took me 2 1/2 years to finish that darn family crest! I need to think of something that takes very little time. And is not complicated, because, let's face it, Martha Stewart, I'm not. Judging by the previous sentence, littering my sentences with commas could be a hobby, but that is not a way to fill a homebound weekend with fun. Anyway, it's not so much a hobby as a bad habit. And, baking/cooking is out. So, if you have any suggestions, they'd be appreciated. Thanks!

 Here's the excerpt from ESPN.com on today's coaches' poll: 17. Missouri(502 points, 8-5 and No. 17 in '03 final poll)Is this the year Brad Smith lives up to the hype? Smith, a dangerous threat running and passing, and the Tigers are talented enough to win the Big 12 North. First of all, we received one vote -- one -- in the final poll, so nice try, fact checkers. Secondly, what do you mean, "Is this the year Brad Smith lives up the the hype?" That implies that he hasn't in the past. I would strongly disagree with this. Two 2000/1000 (ok, one was just almost, but still)&nbsp;seasons and being a key part in the upward climb of the program probably lives up the hype one would receive when he's offered scholarships to football powerhouses Missouri and West Virginia. Does he have hype this year? Yes. But, I'd argue that nationally, he didn't before. Grrrrr.

 On the urlLink Troy message board &nbsp;posters often refer to Missouri as Mizzu. It's pissing me off.

 I had jalepenos on my sandwich at lunch. I may have had juice on my had before I rubbed my eye, because now it's ON FIRE!

 I went to the student union and bought a Diet Coke with Lime. It was my first one. I prefer the vanilla variety.

 On my way to work this morning, I found a dollar. WHOOOO!

 Last night I watched the first episode of UPN's Amish in the City. It was great. There are five Amish kids who are currently doing the Amish coming-of-age tradition where they leave the Amish lifestyle and explore the world. This way they can make an educated decision when they decide to remain Amish. These five kids are living with six (I think six, anyway)&nbsp;regular "city" kids. The city kids didn't know the Amish kids were going to be living with them. It was certainly interesting. However, two things drove me crazy. 1) The show looked like it had been recorded with a digital glitch. It looked like when you have a glitch on your DVC tape, and it skips around. It did that on a regular basis for the entire two hours. I don't know if that was the fault of Montgomery UPN or if all UPN stations looked like that, but it drove me crazy. 2) There's an Amish boy named Mose. The city kids kept calling him Moses. It also drove me crazy. However, these frustrations were worth it when I witnessed what could possibly be the best exchange ever on reality television. Three Amish kids and one city girl, who is a Vegan, went grocery shopping. The city girl was in charge. Amish kid 1: We need eggs. Vegan: That's a chicken abortion. Amish kid 2: I bet Abraham Lincoln ate eggs. Vegan: Yeah, well Abraham Lincoln died when he was, like, 35. Awesome.&nbsp;

 * I LOVE mini powdered donuts. I could eat my weight in them. * Yesterday at lunch the following was actually said as my boss reached for the Heinz ketchup: "You know that using that is practically supporting that damn liberal John Kerry." I think he was kind of joking, however, the comment kept more than one person from using ketchup. THen when they decided they&nbsp; really wanted ketchup, they started pretending it was Hunt's.&nbsp;Ahh, Red State. * I haven't watched much of the convention, however I did see Clinton's speech. He did a very good job of reminding me&nbsp;why I have such a strong dislike for this administration. * The pop machine has been sold out here for 3+ weeks. Get with the program, Coke man! * Yesterday, the Royals lost 10-1 to Tampa Bay. 10-1 to Tampa Bay. Let that sink in a while, and then feel sorry for me and what they're putting me through. * Speaking of the Royals, urlLink Rob Neyer 's website does a great job of explaining just how bad this team is, and how frustrating it is to be a fan. Scroll down to where all the text is in bold for the best example. * Here is the best line from my urlLink brother's Taiwan blog : "Explaining to a guy who speaks very little&nbsp;English the difference between New Jersey and Missouri and why neither one has any crocodiles&nbsp;can take it out of you.&nbsp;" I don't know why they were talking about crocodiles, but I think it's awesome that they were. * Last year sometime there was an alligator in a pond on campus. That is not awesome. * There's a red English phone booth on Troy's campus. I don' t know why it's there, but I approve.

 I walked past a row of sorority posters in the student union. I now have sidewalk songs in my head. Is there anything more annoying? I say, no.

 Besides the fact that he's in the running for "Best movie cameo by an athlete ever," he's just unbelievable. And it's making me very angry that on ESPN they're comparing Lance to Barry Bonds. Their question, why does America love Lance, when we're skeptical about Barry. Afterall, they both battle doping allegations. Well, here's one difference: Lance has to take frequent drug tests, Barry doesn't. And, oh, yeah, Barry's trainer is indicted on charges of distributing steroids. And, there's the fact that Barry acts like a jerk at times. But, this of course led to Michael Wilbon coming to the conclusion that Americans don't love Barry Bonds because he's an arrogant African-American athlete. Because Americans embrace loud-mouthed, arrogant white athletes. Just ask John Rocker or Jeremy Shockey.

 What makes me angriest about the Royals losing 10-2 to Cleveland yesterday. The fact that my former Royals boyfriend Chad Durbin was the winning pitcher for Cleveland. BOOOOO.

 I rented five movies to watch this weekend and next week. I did the old, "I'll get old releases (translate: cheap) movies that I haven't seen yet, or that look good but I've never heard of them" plan. Then, I was quite upset when I discovered that at Movie Gallery, all DVD rentals are the same price. What a rip-off. So, I spent about an hour picking out old movies, when I could have grabbed five new movies. Angry, I tell you. Anyway, here are the movies I've watched so far, in the order of viewing. 1) The Anniversary Party. This was written by and stars Alan Cumming and Jennifer Jason Leigh. I thought it was supposed to be funny. Nope. Depressing. 2) Pumpkin. This stars Christina Ricci as a girl living the perfect life: in a good sorority, has a stud athlete boyfriend, she's popular, bla bla bla. Then, her sorority decides they're going to up their chances of getting Sorority of the Year by teaming up with the "Challenged Games." Christina Ricci is paired up with a mentally-handicapped boy named Pumpkin, and I don't even care that I'm about to spoil the movie because it was awful, and then she falls in love with him. It was even more disturbing than The Anniversary Party. 3) Fargo. I figured since I lived nearby for a year,&nbsp;I should see this movie. What I found odd about it was that, despite its name, the movie spent about 2 minutes actually in Fargo. The majority was spent in Minneapolis or in Brainerd, home of Central Lakes Community College. I guess "Brainerd" doesn't have the same ring to it as "Fargo." Anyway, it was the best of the three.

 I woke up this morning to an unknown sound. I soon discovered that that was the "Unknown caller" ring on my new phone.&nbsp; I'd missed a call from my brother in Taiwan. Booo.

 So, I'm pretty excited after my victory in the Sprint store.&nbsp; I'm thinking, "Yes! Kara 1, World 0!" Then, I call my mom to gloat. Then, I notice the water-level light come on in my car. Then, I drive to Wal-Mart to get water, and my car literally dies as I'm pulling into the auto-center parking lot. And, I'm not exactly in a space yet. This is not good. My car was overheating. So, I'm panicked, and I go inside to get water, then put it into the coolant container, and I wait a bit for the engine to cool a little. I'm able to start the car back up and pull it&nbsp;into a spot.&nbsp;Then, I ask the Wal-Mart people if they check radiator fluid. They don't. Then, I see that my&nbsp;car already has a&nbsp;puddle underneath it.&nbsp;The Wal-Mart guy, who is very helpful, looks at it and says there's a leak, either in the radiator, or in the radiator hose. This sucks, my friends. It about 6:30 on a Saturday, and I'm 45 miles from my apartment with a car that doesn't work.&nbsp;So, I call my motor club, like AAA, but it's not AAA. Anyway, they call back and say that nobody will take my car tonight because they won't be able to work on it until Monday morning, and they don't have a safe place to park it overnight. So, they ask if I want it towed to my house. I tell her that I live 45 miles away, and she fortunately tells me that I'm covered for 100 miles. I ask if I'll then be able to have it towed somewhere on Monday morning. She says yes. I'm glad. So, now I just have to wait for the tow-truck to come.&nbsp; It's really hot, and since I wasn't planning on spending time in non-air-conditioned areas, I'm very smartly wearing jeans. D'oh! So, I go inside and get some food, because I haven't eating since breakfast. So, I get a sandwich, some plums and a CADBURY CHOCOLATE BAR!! This discovery makes me very happy. They had Dairy Milk and Fruit and Nut. I went for the Dairy Milk. It was AWESOME. Of course, as I'm waiting in line I see there's a McDonald's in this Super Wal-Mart. I consider ditching my items for Mickey D's, but there's that chocolate bar. So I keep them. Then, I go back out the car, sit on the curb and eat my sandwich. This is when I discovered I had managed to find an ant hill. So, I sat in the car, with the window rolled down, so it wasn't too bad. The tow-truck came pretty quickly, about 7:45.&nbsp; The guy, who is wearing a shirt that read, "Relax, I'm a professional," hooked up my car, and we were off. Except, he needed to get diesel. We're about to an intersection when he says, "Is that Shell station to the right or left?" I tell him I have no idea. He decides it's on the right. We get to the light and discover, nope. On the left. So, after silently discussing this with the driver in the car in the actual left-turn lane, He turns left out of the right-turn lane. Awesome. So, after he gets gas, we get going. I realize this is the first time I've traveled in a car with flashing lights! Awesome. Then, I hope it will be the last. Of couse, we've got country music blaring. But, I'm not going to complain, because this guy is driving me all the way home. Then, he says, "Do you mind if I smoke?" I'm thinking, "Yes. In fact, I would hate it. But, it's your truck, and you're driving me 50 miles, I'm not going to tell you not to smoke." And, I say, "No. Not at all." So, we're driving along, and he starts telling me about the accidents he's recently had to work. I start wishing we would talk about anything else in the world. Then, he asks if I like country music. I say, "Ummm.... it's ok." Then, he says, "That means no." And I feel like a jerk because he starts changing channels. Although, I don't feel too bad, because we still spend the majority of the time listening to country music. Finally, we get home, and he says he'll look at it for me. I find&nbsp;a flashlight in my car, go figure, and he discovers that it's a leaky hose. What a relief. So, now I'm just without a car for the day. Which sucks because I need to get groceries. I am OUT OF DIET DR PEPPER. And milk. And, I missed mass this morning. Which, I would feel worse about if I was fond of the priest here. Not sold on him yet.

 This story is long. You may want to get a snack. About a month or two ago, the plastic hinge on my cell phone broke. I thought that since the phone broke through everyday use, it was not my fault and should be covered under the manufacturer's warranty. So, in between moves, I stopped by the Sprint store where I purchased the phone. The "helpful" sales person took the phone to the back room to talk with his manager, and came out later telling me that it wasn't covered. But, that I could pay $4 for a month of insurance, then file a claim in 21 days. While I did enjoy the Sprint employee encouraging me to participate in Sprint phone insurance fraud, I politely declined. Fast forward to last week, when Britt tells me she talked to Sprint people about the hinge breaking and was told that it's a common defect and should be replaced. I'm banging my head on the wall at this point, because my phone has just had its first birthday. Anyway, I decide I'm going to go to Montgomery to try again. Surely if it's common, and I explain that I tried to get it fixed before I'd had it a year, they'll be understanding. But, since I, and others, haven't had the best experience with Sprint in the past, I decide it would be wise to call ahead and check so that I don't drive the 45 miles --&nbsp;one way --&nbsp;for nothing. So I call. And am transferred. Then transferred again. Finally I get someone to tell me that yes, even though I've had the phone for longer than&nbsp;a year, it should be replaced. I ask her to make a note on my account so that when I get to Montgomery I'm not told otherwise. She gets a little huffy and says no. I get a little angry. So, I drive up to Montgomery, finally find the Sprint store, and get in "line." There was no real form of a line, which also made me crabby because when the sales person would say, "Who's next?" someone who came in after me would say, "I think I was." And this was a dirty, rotten lie. So, I wait, and wait, and wait, and finally this boy comes up to me and says, "Are you looking to start a new plan." I tell him, no, I need a new phone. He looks at my phone and says, "Yeah, that hinge breaking is common. But, the warranty would be voided because there are other exterior scratches." I tell him that's ridiculous, and he tells me not to give up and to talk to the two women who are working at the sales desk. So, I wait some more. Finally, I talk to Tammy, who is the first person I talked to on the phone. She tells me the same thing as the first boy. I also tell her that it's ridiculous that a common fault with the phone would be ignored because of a scratch on a completely different part of the phone. She says she can't help it.&nbsp;I say, "I'm not angry with you, because I know this isn't your call, but where can I go to file an official complaint with the company, because this is ridiculous." She tells me to talk with the manager. There is a line to talk to the manager, because let's face it, people don't go to the Sprint store to say, "Hey! My phone's working great! Thanks!" So, I'm waiting in line, and the boy comes out and says, "Did they get you fixed yet." And I say, "No, but I'm not finished." About this time, a different sales lady walks by, and the boy, (who I've discoved is named Clay and I don't know how I feel about this. I don't think you should name children after geological materials. So, Stone's out, too.)&nbsp; says, "Can you help this young lady..." and he goes on to explain the situation. I approach them and say, very calmly, "Look. I'm not angry with you, because I know this policy is above you. But, I just find this to be a very ridiculous policy, since it's a common defect in the phone. I also think that as new a service as cell phones are, people are not brand loyal yet. And, it's crazy how phone companies give people the run-around. What will it cost you to replace this phone for me, compared to what I will spend with Sprint if I continue to use you as my carrier for however many years I have cell phone?" Then, that sales lady, who is named Monica, says, "I'll see what I can do about this." And she goes into the back room for a while. Then, she has to help some other people, but eventually, she says, "We'll get you a new phone." And, I think that's pretty awesome. Then, as I'm walking around the circle of&nbsp; counters they have in the middle of the store, this boy says to me, "Did they make it right for you?" And I said yes. And it made me smile. Then, as Monica was tranferring my phone books, a man is told that because his phone got wet and there are exterior scratches, his warranty is voided. His response was&nbsp;a little different than mine. He starts yelling at poor Clay, going on about how it's unfair for them not to honor their warranty, and that this is poor customer service, and it's just plain ridiculous, and he's going to take them to court! He was really getting fired up, and I'm thinking, "No, buddy. That's not the speech that get's the new phone. You gotta use the brand-loyalty speech. Much more effective." Because, I tell you, the manager did not seem one&nbsp;bit concerned about this guy taking Sprint to court. It made me very glad that as fuming as I was at times, I was never rude - I thought, anyway, - and I was always calm. The only casualty: My 100,000 mile roll-over picture. That's a fine trade-off, if you ask me.

 Number of days I've listened to Yahoo!'s Launch radio. Number of times I've heard "Spice Up Your Life." I. Love. It.

 I started using new conditioner yesterday. I really like it. Except that when I open the bottle, it smells like sausage. It doesn't make my hair smell sausage-y, though, so I'll tolerate it. It's weird, though.

 This is why I love the Daily Show. Otherwise, I would not have heard that at a rally where VP Dick Chaney was speaking urlLink attendees were required to sign an oath of allegience to the president . The best part is that the oath includes this line: "I, (full name) ... do herby (sic) endorse George W. Bush for reelection of the United States." What exactly does "reelection of the United States" mean? And isn't it "re-election?" And, anyway, why do you want to waste your time speaking to people who already agree with you? Aren't you shooting for the undecideds? Crazy Republicans.

 Smart Cars were in my dream last night. I may or may not have been discussing their merits on the Today Show. All I know is, Katie Couric said, "Why would you want one of those stupid cars when you can just buy an SUV." And I said, "Because some of us love this beautiful planet, Katie." Why would I say that? I don't even recycle.

 So, yesterday Luke, Jr. and I were joyfully reunited. It was like Christmas. The most expensive Christmas of my life, but still, Christmas. To celebrate, I ran some errands while listening to the CD I fondly refer to as "Pep Rally." It includes Mizzou fight songs, the alma mater, as well as other tiger-themed music (Eye of the Tiger, Back in Black, etc.). It was created for the ride to Fargo when Rob and I watched MU/ku on tape delay. Anyway, this is all making me very happy. I get in my car to leave the laundromat, and oops, it won't turn over. The battery -- which was just put into my car less than 6 hours before -- is dead. If this doesn't deserve a "Wah, wah," I don't know what does. So, I call my roadside assistance company for the third time in ten days, and they send someone to jump my car. I get home, let the car run for a while, but when I cut it off, it wouldn't start back up again. So, this morning I called the mechanic who sold me the battery, and they come and give me a jump, then I drive back to the mechanic. There they discovered there is a short in my alternator. I'm not happy. However, the mechanic said that since I've had so much done with them lately, he'd put the new one in without charging labor. That's right, I've lived here a month and have a frequent-customer discount with a local mechanic. But, now everything's up and running, and as my dad put it, there really isn't anything left to replace! Whoo hoo!

 A week or so ago I told my mom what I'd had for lunch and supper that day. Neither meal included vegetables. She said, "I didn't hear any vegetables in there! You'd better eat some vegetables! You don't want to get scurvy!" Arrrr! Scurvy.

 White Sox 12, Royals 4. At least we had a valiant effort. You just have to laugh at this point. Laugh to mask the tears.

 Well, Topeka's having a contest to choose a slogan for the city, to celebrate its 150s years of existence. Here are urlLink three of the suggestions : 1. "Topeka: You won't get a lot of unwanted relatives visiting you." 2. "Topeka -- not as bad as you think!" 3. "City of morons." I hope that No. 3 wins!

 I get my car back today. HOORAY! I've missed Luke, Jr.

 At Andrew's suggestion, I started listening to Launch. Having a Mac at NDSCS, I was unable to do this before, but I had set up my preferred artists. One of them was, of course, Robbie. Then, when a Robbie song played, I clicked on the "If you like this artist, you might like these..." And, I laughed when the Spice Girls were one of the bands. And, then I gave them 4-out-of-4 stars! Now I'm reaping the benifits by listening to Spice Up Your Life. This could be the highlight of my day.

 Apparently those doing the music programming at Virgin Radio believe that Aerosmith's "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" needs to be played. Often. They would be wrong.

 You know that anti-Quin billboard on Hwy. 71 in KC. I hope you all feel better knowing that Kelly shook her fist at it, and Laura made a very angry face at it. Now those hayjocks will think twice before putting up anti-Tiger material!

 I'm two-timing on the Royals. Let's face it, they're abusive. And, as the song says, "If you can't be with the one you love, honey, love the one you're with." And, so I will. Starting sometime last week, I've adopted the Braves as my baseball mistress. Well, the boy version of a mistress.

 I have the A-Team theme song in my head.

 On Friday night - I'm not even kidding - Alan Colmes, the liberal arm of Hannity and Colmes, said to Pat Robertson, "If Jesus were alive today, would he vote Republican?" The funny part, is that while he didn't directly say, "Yes." Pat implied that He would.

 THE ROYALS WON! TWICE! Oh, and there were some trades, or something.

