 gah i hate english term papers

 today was ........ i have no idea. not one word pops into my head. i don't really remember much of anything that happened today. i think my brain is done for cuz i cant think of anything to say. i dont like this.

 i need to shower

 okay so last night we were on the coach bus home and i was lucky enough to have two seats to myself so i was comfortably laying and listening to switchfoot since there wasnt a movie. i stayed awake through the whole CD till twenty four and i just started to really listen to jon's voice and i fell asleep. it was so beautiful i cannot even tell you. earlier some other stuff happened with that too. i listened to the whole thing and then the CD stopped cuz its supposed to but then it suddenly started playing "ammunition" without me pressing buttons so i figured this meant i was supposed to listen to it. so then i did and i don't know why but during the part when jon yells the last chorus i got the good chills. like when it makes you feel like something really really good just happened. i have no idea why. but i really liked it.

 rockout 892: yeah i said well even if i hit them they wouldnt strike back cuz im a girl PH 536: id be like hey dont fuck with miles ive watched power rangers rockout 892: HAHA rockout 892: yeah1 rockout 892: *! rockout 892: me too PH 536: or like he i know power rangers and put your fists up PH 536: hey* rockout 892: yeah rockout 892: i will PH 536: that would be awsome rockout 892: i also had to do tae bo in gym rockout 892: so i got those moves PH 536: i can re-enact stuff like that rockout 892: totally PH 536: like in video games PH 536: fighting games rockout 892: yeah rockout 892: awesome PH 536: i can do a round off too rockout 892: hahaha PH 536: im working on my back flip rockout 892: we had gymnastics in gym to rockout 892: so i got some of those moves rockout 892: we can take jacobs down PH 536: oh yes PH 536: jacobs beware meghan and jon are herePH 536: lol rockout 892: lol yes!! PH 536: and we would come to school in power ranger outfits rockout 892: haha PH 536: i wanna be the pink one rockout 892: i was the pink one once for halloween rockout 892: seriously PH 536: no im kidding rockout 892: lol rockout 892: im not PH 536: the power rangers was a racist show rockout 892: oh totally PH 536: cz the red ranger was italian and the black ranger was black and the green ranger was irish and the yellow one was asian and the two american ones were pink and blue rockout 892: yep. i noticed that like when i think back on those days PH 536: i just learend a few months ago that rasins are sun dried cherries rockout 892: i remember one day in like 2nd grade i wore my power rangers shirt and someone told me they weren't cool and made fun of me and i never wore it again rockout 892: it was depressing rockout 892: in 2nd grade PH 536: i wore my power ranger shirt in kindergarten and we all started being the power rangers during recess rockout 892: oh awesome! PH 536: and then i fell of the jungle gym rockout 892: aw haha im sorry -- PH 536: power rangers are so cool rockout 892: yeah they are amazing rockout 892: i wish i was a power ranger PH 536: who ever did'ent watch power rangers was a freak rockout 892: i would destroy jacobs with my big animal robot thing rockout 892: what were those called? PH 536: you cant talk to ne one in our age group that did not watch power rangers PH 536: zords i think rockout 892: thats what i thought rockout 892: i would use my zord to blast jacobs into tiny pebbles PH 536: and then we could get 3 other people and make the ultra mega zord and crush every one we did not like rockout 892: oh yeah totally PH 536: like flick the across the planet PH 536: them* PH 536: i told my mom i tried on pink pants and shes like, "is there something you want to tell me" i thought it was so funny

 my brother is one big fat nincompoop. i have no idea how to spell that.

 so i went to my own church. there wasn't much church. we cut out things and then we were talking about stuff. my mom wants our youth group to go to this cornerstone but not cornerstone concert thing but as far as the website goes, there aren't any bands i recognize. soo i dunno about that one. whatevaaa

 rockout 892: i'm gonna chalk this one up as a beautiful letdown

 betsy: grarg betsy: thats another word i enjoy me: haha me: it makes me think of greg me: like emo = emu me: haha i chuckle

 Quote of the Day There are two--- "Boys remind me of elephants" "I love when people who aren't the same "type" are talking together. It's so cute"

 today was boring, again. pigtails are fun because people like them. they make people smile. i want to go to impact but alas, i have no ride. betsy's mom cannot drive tonight. so i dunno what to do. i went into meggie's espanol room cause i had time and greg was telling this girl about how he hated her and wanted her to die and how she should kill herself. i don't like him very much. or at all. then he was telling people whether or not he hated them. he said he doesnt hate me. yipee. not. i could care less about that kid.

 yesterday was nice i suppose. i went to chicago on a field trip-ish thing. it was after school and we saw phantom of the opera. it was nice. the poor phantom loved this pretty girl who could sing really good and he just wanted to be with her but she didn't like him because he had a facial deformatie. it was sad.

 betsy: arg why does everything have to dramatically enlarged and analyzed?????????? me: i dont know but it really gets upsetting after about the first time -- betsy: haha ok bye bye bye me: dirty pop betsy: what??????? me: you said 'bye bye bye' so i thought of NSYNC

 i like making up songs. those to the tune of "you are my sunshine" happen to be my favorite in the whole wide world.

 cute boring love is my song dedicated to jacobs high school. look it up. blindside sings it.

 blindside+amazing slippers+stretchable pants+chocolate=extreme comfort

 hm bored. heard some weird news that made me unhappy.

 i adore the way christian lindskog says "cute boring love" because it is so cute and swedish. it sounds like kyut borring luve. its amazing.

 "On this day, year 2000: Reading my journal I realized that I almost forgot this storey, it's kind of fun so I'll share it with you. Exactly four years to this day, us and our friends in plastic pride were in the middle of a tour in Sweden. After sleeping for two hours and then driving the 13 hours to the show in Linköping, we realized that the show was not promoted at all (only 6 people turned up at the show). So we called the promoter "biffen" (Swedish for "the beef") and complained. His reply was that we were a bunch of brat kids complaining and that he were going to bring some friends and baseball bats and come down and beat us up. After talking to some people down there and realizing the the guy probably was serious we decided to leave, so we nicely packed up our gear and left. Looking back at that, ... It really puts things in perspective. Much love to the few people that came out to the show four years ago, I'm sorry that we did not get to play. /T " story from a swedish man in blindside. i like it.

 i want to meet christian lindskog once in my lifetime.

 i feel kinda bad cause my dad wanted me to do stuff with him, like yesterday i was gonna go to the movies with him but then i didn't and then today he wanted to take the dogs out together and then he wanted me to go to some bar with him..but i didn't do any of those things. so i felt bad.

 i don't know what i'm doing today but i just want to do something. anything. i think my brother and co. were on my screename last night because i "somehow" acquired a new away message that said "i don't like aron marsh, switchblade, or copyland. love harry No~ meghan" so if you were talked to by me past like 12:15 last night/morning then it wasn't me. i can't stand those children. man im entirely too bored. i am home alone so nobody can come over either.

 today was a nice day. i slept in till about 10:30-11 but i stayed in bed and listened to the storm for awhile. betsy called and we all went and saw the day after tomorrow and it was quite good. right now i'm listening to pink floyd because my daddy is playing it loudly. tis good. after the movie i went to betsys and we i dunno sat around and watched christian lindskog and aaron marsh and a little switchfoot, relient k, bleach. kutless? actually no kutless. i don't like them. anyways, i just found out my brother is having a sleepover with his little buddies even though he went to a sleepover last night. isn't that special. so i'm listening to copeland again. it just makes me happy and sad at the same time. happy because its aaron marsh and sad because some songs are sad. i dunno what i'm talking about anymore. haha.

 i wish i could be insightful and full of crazy stories and that i could just listen to God and do what he says. just follow Him, like Brian. it would be so cool and amazing to just go on impulses to go downtown and play guitar with random people or go to mexico simply cause God said be a servant. it would be beyond amazing. hopefully my mission trip this summer will be fulfilling. we are going white water rafting thought and i am a bit scared of that. i'm sure it will be okay. it's midnight and i'm going to sleep on my crispy teepee. "sleep now sweet princess" sing it, aaron marsh..

 i really do wish i was a fire ant. and i also wish an amazing man would call me at night and simply ask "if its not too late for coffee, i'll be at your place in 10". for sure, i wouldn't mind it. not at all. actually thats another life dream, adding to my list of about 50. yay!

 Quote of the Day "It looks like a teepee!"

 miles dropped by for a bit and it was nice to see him. then i went to betsy's and we ate pizza and spiked our hair. right now i have my bangs sticking sorta up and the rest of my hair just looks strangely dirty, but tis crispy. we watched switchfoot in all of its amazingness and i watched the christian lindskog home video. i am most definently going to sweden. to see that vocal studio... those swedes! they are beyond amazing! and aaron marsh pictures were involved in tonight. and the copeland CD. i'm listening to it now. its on heavy repeat in my house.

 okay, so i can't say i'm surprised that aaron marsh has a girlfriend that he writes songs for and is completely devoted to. or at least had one.. i really hope that that girl is the best girlfriend in the world though. i'm sure she is though.

 so i woke up at 12:30, and i haven't done much of anything. i have been trying to find interviews with aaron marsh, and i found a few (including the one about starved for attention). he is one sensitive/emotional man.

 i wish i was in a band. it would be amazing if i could play like rock cello. like murder by death, except my own band. it would be pretty cool just to be in a band period.

 lists make me feel so productive

 aaron marsh i want to be your friend please.

 okay first- copeland CD is really amazing second- i miss aaron marsh third- i want a man like him, someone with genuine love fourth- "priceless" might make me cry soon because it is so touching fifth- we need to go out to dinner with aaron sixth- i am a loser with no life on a friday night :) but it feels good seventh- long weekend means we should all get together eighth- i want to have a picnic and then a campout please.

 ah i really like that aaron marsh. he is really great.

 sleep new moon. i'll watch over her while the sun is up and you'll have your eyes again soon. it's a glorious day and my lonely heart is tired again and i am starved for her attention. that's when paula sparks a little light in my eye. sleep now sweet princess i'll cheer for you silently and carefully not to disturb. i'll be ready on that evening when you're starved for my attention you'll say, "wake now, prince; there's a brilliant sky above and a jealous moon in love and they are starved for our attention."

 so we got to chicago fine, and we walked to grant park but we couldn't find it so we missed the first maybe two songs. it was really great though. after it was over we waited for aaron and he talked to us and took a picture with us and said "happy same pants day" to betsy. it was amazing. he told us about how his band, copeland, and switchfoot had a sleepover because copeland's trailer broke down! i was dumbfounded that such amazingness was possible. later after we got subway, we were sitting in the grass and eating our dinner and aaron walked by and betsy and me waved at him and then he kept walking but then he turned around and came back and sat with us. he already ate fajitas though. he was really really sweet and genuine and nice. and really amazing.

 yay aaron marsh is so amazing! the free copeland concert was really great and fun and i don't want to bore everyone with tiny details about things but aaron is so nice and genuine. and really attractive. but anyways, i got their CD now and a tshirt. im very happy. there were a lot of men and a lot of girl pants on this escapade and i liked them all. girl pants are the best pants in the whole world.

 k i have limited time- -Copeland tomorrow! -senior awards are lame -driver's ed was alright -romeo and juliet is nervewracking Quote of the Day "I started exploring time and space in 3rd grade"

 Someone get me to the doctor, someone get me to a church Where they can pump this venom gaping hole And you must keep your soul like a secret in your throat And if they come and get me You put the spike in my heart Someone get me to the doctor, and someone call the nurse And someone buy me roses, and someone burned the church We're hanging out with corpses, we're driving in this hearse Someone save my soul tonight, please save my soul And as these days watch over time, and as these days watch over time And as these days watch over us tonight I'll never let them, I'll never let them I'll never let them hurt you now tonight I'll never let them, I can't forget them I'll never let them hurt you, I promise

 "well, we were born to die" --romeo and juliet

 library is cool. a wrench in the copeland situation- after telling me i could go, my mom chose to go back on her word and inform me i needed to appeal to my dad because she won't be home. therefore it will be lucky if i can go now. while driving home from the library i noticed a terrible smell emitting from my brother's hair and i almost threw up. it was disgusting.

 i'm trying to memorize romeo and juliet stuff. Tis not enjoyable, methinks tis pointless, as all schoolwork is and shall be. yay

 Quote of the Day "Meghan, I think your school seems a little weird.."

 i'm not gonna talk about how incredibly stupid my brother is right now because i simply don't want to waste my life. i'm beyond excited about copeland. the talon today was heartwarming, in a sense, most of it was useless to anyone other than the seniors but there were a few great things that brought a smile to my face. senior awards are tomorrow, and are looking like torture. already. as if jacobs isn't torture enough, let's throw everybody in the school in the gym like sardines, make kids play orchestra music, and then talk about seniors whom we really could care less about. sounds like a plan! i was in such a good mood and suddenly i'm not. i got my permit a bit ago. now my driving is legal. i'm going to the library tonight since i'm being forced to go on a family RVing trip and none of my friends could go. so i'm going to do my plan from yesterday. i dunno what else to talk about. i need to take pictures of everyone.

 no one is talking to me even though i'm trying to talk to them. i'm eating rainbow sherbet in a waffle cone. earlier, i ate a plant. "cool people are cool because they make their own coolness." i like my hair when it behaves how it is supposed to. my bangs are out of line and need discipline. this weekend could possibly be terrible because i have a family vacation to attend. i'll just steal away into the woods and write deep thoughts in a secret journal. then scatter them piece by piece into the lake. at night. during a storm. this keeps getting better and better...

 Quote of the Day "It's amazing how people you barely have talked to can find a way to come up to you and compliment you. Thanks for making me happy."

 people liked my haircut and color. i got "your hair looks good, you are gorgeous, i love your haircut, brown looks better, your hair is marvelous" etc. all day. which was nice. its a little weird sometimes though. like when teachers compliment me.. ah im just so tired of blogging sometimes, it seems pointless and stupid and time-comsuming, but then somebody will say something nice about it and i like that. but then theres other times when people are too concerned, and they think i'm depressed, and i'm not. calm down people. i'm a pretty happy person. as of right now i could care less about this website. growl

 Quote of the Day "i'm sorry i just can't keep my clothes on"

 thanks for not throwing me in the pool

 i like amazing men and calm parties.

 happy faith community church day i went and saw mean girls and it was pretty good. the ending was okay but a little cliched. i hope thats how you spell that. i've almost posted 850 times but not quite yet, i think. actually i dunno.

 I'm sick of smiling And so is my jaw Can't you see my front is crumbling down? I'm sick of being someone i'm not Please get me out of this slump I'm sick of clapping When I know I can do it better for myself I'm sick of waiting Sick of all these words that will never matter I'll wire these nerves together Hoping for a chance to think on time And I'm tracing over your letter To see if your intentions are as good as mine But you're getting worse I swear it It's hard to prove you're an understatement You're getting worse and I know That you'll be calling me again I'm done with everything That had to do with you Don't worry you pictures are already burned I'm done with new friends Don't sell yourself short You'll lose it in the end I can't help how I feel

 the singer of coheed and cambria has the strangest voice i've ever heard.

 so this morning we had a lovely groundbreaking for our church. we stood on a muddy piece of land and people dug. i got to throw a little dirt. twas fun i suppose. i rode the buses back to church and had donuts and then my mom took me out to the subdivision behind walmart and i drove around alot. then we went on boyer road and there were other cars on it and i had to stay in my lane. it was illegal. HA! then a short while ago we found small baby rabbits in the yard next door and it looks like they don't have a mother so the people next door are going to take them in tomorrow if their mother doesn't return. they are so small and hopeless. it's sad.

 so its late in the night but i don't have anything to do or anyone to talk to and its boring. i should probably sleep or something.

 i chung you: if we go, we need to talk to aaron and i can say "hi i'm the girl who asked if you were swedish!" irishdancin83: yeahhhhhhhhhh! irishdancin83: and i'll say me 2! i chung you: yeah i chung you: and then our haircuts will wow him into proposing irishdancin83: YES PLEASE!!!!! i chung you: oh, it will irishdancin83: i hope so ......x infinity

 post #845- Quote of the Day "Haircuts bring good luck."

 me and betsy went on a walk and that amazing miles in his amazing car drove by and we talked to him a bit. it was very nice to see him again. betsy's haircut is great! sam also drove by and he signaled that he liked my hair. there was a man mowing his lawn the whole time we were out there. he was strange. there was also a strange man with a dog. i'm listening to switchfoot and picturing them. its nice. my basement is hot and its gross.

 i chung you: he has eyelashes! yay

 what a nice night. sorta. it was fun, there was a lot of hot men involved (the talent show, blindside, and switchfoot.) OH, jon foreman's hair, that was absolutely amazing. i loved it. i loved all of them. i always do. and i liked that drew was with them. my brother was a total idiot, he thoought itwould be hilarious to film me and co. while we were sleeping and then wake us up. so i kicked him in the stomach. i don't really like my brother at all because he still thinks he's emo. and i still love my hair. i hope betsy's haircut turned out all right. my mom said she would take me out (illegally) driving. i want to drive but she hasnt taken me to get my permit yet. ah whateva

 i love rain, will always love rain. it is just so amazing, stress relieving, beautiful, peaceful.

 Quote of the Day "I think if i want to be friends with him, i might have to talk to him more." "Considering you didn't talk to him at all today, yes."

 today has been nice. i got my haircut and i really like it and its dyed darker but don't worry its not like black or anything. i wish i was going to the dashboard concert tonight, alas i am not. so i'm comforting myself by listening to it and pretending i'm there. it isn't that great. switchfoot on conan o'brian so everyone watch. please. speaking of switchfoot, that boy that looks like jon foreman works at subway. cool. everyone needs to see my haircut! please call me and we can do something

 i vote sweden best country in the world.

 sorry there.. i left abruptly. i don't remember what i was saying or if i had anything else to say so well yeah. i went to driver's ed and it was fun i suppose. the popular people in my class get on my nerves sometimes. but i'm getting my haircut tomorrow and dyed and im getting my permit saturday morning/monday ? not sure. ah brain dead

 today was nice. how come i always say "my day was..." or "today was ..." ? i annoy myself. so anyways, i wore my stepometer from mcdonalds today and the grand total of steps came to 6505. that would be 3 miles. i walked three miles at jacobs. thats a lot. people thought i was weird for wearing it but i thought it was great. ha. so skipping over the boring parts of the day, in math jay showed me something he drew and asked my opinion of what the punch line should be. it was an emo kid standing holding his heart in his hand and there was a hole in his shirt. i picked "take it and run" for the punch line. i made bubbles in my math binder. literally. in 4th block, greg was there to help with our fashion show and he borrowed my CD's and he was nice and let me and kat go on an escapade through jacobs twice. i was surprised that he was nice. during the fashion show they played my blindside CD and he knew and sang along to sleepwalking. i was amazed that he knew that because nobody knows blindside except for AH im leaving! more later! sorry

 "Happiness is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it, but only you can feel the warmth." "You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named 'Bush', 'Dick', and 'Colon'." -Chris Rock

 went to good ol' mickey d's for supper. i got an active happy meal. it was special. i saw miles and that superb car of his drive by. made me smile. driver's ed is kinda lame because everything we've done so far has been basic common sense. we went to dairy queen after. fun place that dairy queen. and yummy. i had a popsicle for the first time in awhile. go popsicles!

 "If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off."

 Quote of the Day "Plans Possibilitys (for the weekend) 1.) Thrift store extravaganza/escapade 2.) Taco Bell 3.) Get swindled 4.) Elope with an amazing man 5.) Save the World"

 ran the mile, hated it. my lunch disappeared. sub in math which means i got the lesson easily compared to the rest of the year..we gave tom ketchup (or catsup?). so now we are going to hopefully give and get presents often. yay. i can't really think of what happened today. ummm.. and the phrase "everybody wang chung tonight" is replaying over and over in my head. hahaha what a funny song. my shirt was fun today. i like fun clothing.

 my brother thinks hes emoooooooooo

 ha and hmm. betsy left me weird messages about her parents seriously taking her to the psych ward so umm hopefully she isn't there right now. i don't think she is but.. we'll see tomorrow. in the meanwhile, i'm talking to a drummer about matching shirts. thoroughly enjoyable experience.

 sorry for the multitude of songs.. Staying home alone on a Friday Flat on the floor looking back On old love Or lack thereof After all the crushes are faded And all my wishful thinking was wrong I'm jaded I hate it I'm tired of being alone So hurry up and get here So tired of being alone So hurry up and get here Searching all my days just to find you I'm not sure who I'm looking for I'll know it When I see you Until then, I'll hide in my bedroom Staying up all night just to write A love song for no one I'm tired of being alone So hurry up and get here So tired of being alone So hurry up and get here I could have met you in a sandbox I could have passed you on the sidewalk Could I have missed my chance And watched you walk away? I'm tired of being alone So hurry up and get here So tired of being alone So hurry up and get here You'll be so good You'll be so good for me

 she said "i've gotta be honest, you're wasting your time if you're fishing round here." and i said "you must be mistaken, cause i'm not fooling..this feeling is real" she said..she said "you gotta be crazy, What do you take me for? Some kind of easy mark? "No, you've got wits, you've got looks, you've got passion, but I swear that you've got me all wrong." all wrong. all wrong. but you got me.. i'll be true, i'll be useful.. i'll be cavalier..i'll be yours my dear. and i'll belong to you.. if you'll just let me through. this is easy as lovers go, so don't complicate it by hesitating. and this is wonderful as loving goes, this is tailor-made, what's the sense in waiting? and i said "i've gotta be honest i've been waiting for you all my life." for so long i thought i was asylum bound, but just seeing you makes me think twice. and being with you here makes me sane, i fear i'll go crazy if you leave my side. you've got wits..you've got looks, you've got passion but are you brave enough to leave with me tonight? tonight. tonight. but you've got me.. i'll be true, i'll be useful.. i'll be cavalier..i'll be yours my dear. and i'll belong to you.. if you'll just let me through. this is easy as lovers go, so don't complicate it by hesitating. and this is wonderful as loving goes, this is tailor-made, what's the sense in waiting? this is easy as lovers go, so don't complicate it by hesitating. and this is wonderful as loving goes, this is tailor-made, what's the sense in waiting? i want my swedish man to sing this to me..

 i got a new amazing icon on AIM and its amusing and fun and special and good. well not everyone likes it and that is expected..... HA! i had pizza for dinner. it was weird. and then mi hermano y madre went to the chorus concert de mi hermano. so i'm home alone, listening to music and working on my romeo and juliet homework for kobza.

 Quote of the Day "He's a rocket scientist?! WOW! I didn't know those really existed!"

 today was nice and better than yesterday. yesterday felt like a dream, like i was watching it from somewhere else. but that was just from the medicine. i know, that sounds really bad but it's true. so today .. english was incredibly cold and boring. i can barely stay awake in that class. and its not that i don't like romeo and juliet, because i do, it's just the people who read the parts basically can't read right. they skip words or add words or just don't do it right. but anyways, 2nd block everybody in music of some kind went to the auditorium and we listened to this group of guys sing. much better than class. go rocket man. flex was nothing special, math was thoroughly uneventful. in between 3rd and 4th block tom gave me a chewed-on pick of his. i have it right now. so nice. then after school the other bus rode on ours again so i got to sit with this amazing kid with amazing pants but he put his headphones on so i couldn't talk to him. oh well.

 All around me are familiar faces Worn out places, worn out faces Bright and early for their daily races Going nowhere, going nowhere And their tears are filling up their glasses No expression, no expression Hide my head I want to drown my sorrow No tomorrow, no tomorrow And I find it kind of funny I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying Are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you 'Cos I find it hard to take When people run in circles It's a very, very Mad World Children waiting for the day they feel good Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday Made to feel the way that every child should Sit and listen, sit and listen Went to school and I was very nervous No one knew me, no one knew me Hello teacher tell me what's my lesson Look right through me, look right through me

 oook so today was not good because i am sick and still had to go to jacobs. ick. i talked to men today. ha that sounds funny but its true. driver's ed started today, it will be annoying because there are a ton of popular jacobians clones in my class. my teacher knew matt. how come nobody goes online that much anymore?

 today isn't good because i'm a bit ill. HAHA i'm watching the 50 most awesomely bad songs ever and cottoneye joe is from sweden! those swedes! so crazy! HAhahAHAHA i need to get better medicine because i can't breathe in my nose at all. ughhhh i hate sickness. but this show is great. VH1 is one funny station

 i chung you: i wouldn't make a good slut anyways i chung you: hahaha starofthesea87: hahah no you wouldn't starofthesea87: you would be like a modest slut starofthesea87: if there is such thing i chung you: if there was, i would be it starofthesea87: yes you would, except not really because you're not a slut i chung you: yeah, this is a strange little chat

 me: i saw a possum tonight matt: i hate possums me: aw! why? matt: their gross and mean me: haha me: i think they are funny matt: ew me: i touched one once me: at a zoo in wisconsin matt: was it cool? me: yeah me: so was a possum mean to you or just mean in general? matt: just mean in general me: oh well that's better than one attacking you matt: aha yeah

 irishdancin83: hahaha men are great i chung you: yeah they are irishdancin83: ahhhh my stomach is cramping from idk what i chung you: oh i chung you: i keep sneezing and snotting everywhere i chung you: its disgusting irishdancin83: ew irishdancin83: oh man he is one great piece of mankind i chung you: good gracious yes i chung you: i couldn't have said it better myself irishdancin83: haha i chung you: i remember wanting him so badly that night.. irishdancin83: hahaha yeah. well ya know, luckily since i was the sweater i chung you: HAHA I'M SO DELUSIONAL THAT I'M HEARING THINGS! irishdancin83: HAHAHAHA AMZING! i chung you: in this song, it says "the street was wet and the gate was locked so i jumped it and i let you in" irishdancin83: AMAZING! i chung you: and i swear it said "so i chunged it and i let you in" i chung you: i'm not joking irishdancin83: hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha oh man i chung you: i am insane i chung you: :-$ i chung you: that smily now means insane irishdancin83: :-!that is my current emotion i chung you: oh no betsy what are you on this time? irishdancin83: men irishdancin83: i am on men i chung you: haha i chung you: i wish i was on men i chung you: all i have is my mind, and right now i'm a little out of stock i chung you: so i decided when i get my amazing swedish man, he will sing me "as lovers go" by dashboard confessional i chung you: i will teach him irishdancin83: that's good i chung you: theres a few other songs i will teach him i chung you: i think he will be a good cook too irishdancin83: yea i chung you: its not necessary though i chung you: man if i Ever meet a single amazing swedish man i might just propose then and there i chung you: make my claim irishdancin83: hahaha yeah i chung you: or just have like a binding promise of future marriage irishdancin83: haha yeah irishdancin83: just pu thim in you r pocket for later use i chung you: wrap him up like a present! i can open him on my let's say. .24th birthday i chung you: maybe earlier irishdancin83: hahaha YES! i chung you: hey, they have mail order russian brides. why on earth can't they have mail order swedish grooms?! irishdancin83: hahahahahhahahahaha idk!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? ahgahgahgahga i chung you: HONESTLY!! i would save up all my life for one i chung you: his wedding tux would be amazing pants and a farmer shirt i chung you: ala christian lindskog irishdancin83: hahahahahahahahahahahaha YES!! i chung you: sigh i chung you: that will never happen and it makes me sad :'( irishdancin83: MEN i chung you: men don't realize their amazingness irishdancin83: there's nothing more amazing than a humble man

 babysitting is one of the easiest jobs existing. well sort. depends on who you are babysitting for. tonight was easy because the child is good. she's a future pommie of jacobs high school. she showed me her dances. on the way home i saw a real live amazing possum. those are one of the coolest animals ever.

 so trey and katy came and we did stuff. we watched the fast and the furious for oh the 100th time now? i lost count already. oh well. im babysitting in like 10 minutes and i don't really want to at all. but i must and i shall.

 my brother decided now that he likes emo. he is the weirdest kid ever. he isn't the least bit emo, he's a ska kid. but now he decided he lked dashboard so he's emo. what a loser. anyways, i want to do stuff since i don't have anything to do until like 6. i guess i'm gonna call people then.

 Breathe in for luck, breathe in so deep, this air is blessed, you share with me. This night is wild, so calm and dull, these hearts they race, from self control. Your legs are smooth, as they graze mine, we're doing fine, we're doing nothing at all. My hopes are so high, that your kiss might kill me. So won't you kill me, so I die happy. My heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, or wear as jewelery, which ever you prefer. The words are hushed lets not get busted; just lay entwined here, undiscovered. Safe in here from all the stupid questions. "hey did you get some?" Man, that is so dumb. Stay quiet, stay near, stay close they can't hear... so we can get some. My hopes are so high that your kiss might kill me. So won't you kill me, so I die happy. My heart is yours to fill or burst, to break or bury, or wear as jewelery, which ever you prefer. Hands down this is the best day I can ever remember, I'll always remember the sound of the stereo, the dim of the soft lights, the scent of your hair that you twirled in your fingers and the time on the clock when we realized it's so late and this walk that we shared together. The streets were wet and the gate was locked so I jumped it, and I let you in. And you stood at your door with your hands on my waist and you kissed me like you meant it. And I knew that you meant it, that you meant it, that you meant it, and I knew, that you meant it, that you meant it.

 i felt like biting rayas all night with his intense stupidity and ruining of perfectly good bands.

 yay so much yayyy for that beautiful talent show. amazing wonderful great super. i don't know how to really describe it. there were so many amazing men playing guitar and drums and bass and singing. i liked the movie romance band and the simon and garfunkel by sam and james because it was so sweet. and betsy video taped it and i can see it forever. yay. then after it was over we went on the stage and gave hugs all around..actually only two. but they were amazing so i'm happy. i just wanted to tell jay great job but i didn't. oh well i just will on monday. i'm reeling from the excitement

 i chung you: i dont have a nose anymore :( hockeychik7777: oh no where is it??? i chung you: tom took it i chung you: and didnt give it back hockeychik7777: hahahhahahah!!! i chung you: :'( i miss my nose hockeychik7777: oh sadness

 Quote of the Day "Eh..it's just another linguistic stupidism"

 let's see..today was nice and good and will most likely get better. yes. we got a new girl today from crown and she just kinda came in and already knew people aka jeff. i dont know why she came though. i suppose i might choose jacobs over crown. maybe. anyways..after orchestra i talked to kevin a little bit. ha and that AJ was wearing a yellow rain poncho. i bought my talent show ticket at flex. i'm quite excited for that. in math jay let me listen to murder by death on his IPod. i liked it. um in spanish taylor put me in a headlock because i was playing tetris. ha i'm not injured though. so tonight is the talent show and i have to cheer for sam because he told me to. im pretty sure the whole talent show will be amazing. hopefully. and we are also hopefully going to eat dinner together.

 i chung you: kate where exactly is lebanon? hockeychik7777: haha middle east? hockeychik7777: i think i chung you: awesome i chung you: lol me and betsy could not figure it out hockeychik7777: haha maybe europe i chung you: yeah who knows i chung you: haha hockeychik7777: i have no clue

 i must say i have extreme dislike for blogger because this takes too much time and effort. the old one was much easier and faster. grrrrrrr

 Quote of the Day "i believe my life goals all involve amazing men"

 so i didn't post yesterday and i thought of a lot of stuff to say earlier but i forgot most of it. but yesterday.. um..i don't really remember much of what i did. well i got a ride home with betsy and we went to her house and then i went to impact and it was great. mostly cause of the amazing man. whose name i do not know. but he has amazing longish blonde hair and amazing pantalones and he was posing and smiling in our direction. so very amazingly. but then he bolted after the service and we didn't get to talk to him. then i was up late because of stupid dickens. today was decent. actually my mind just melted so i don't remember what happened today except for drummers times 2, one grabbing my hand, i remember playing a lot of tetris on my calculator, got attacked by "biggs" in spanish because he hates me. he told me he does. and he hates switchfoot. eh i don't exactly care about him though. he's just a mean kid. ah i don't know what else

 i have a thing for those swedish. i chung you: how are you? starofthesea87: haha starofthesea87: i am amazing because i'm listening to jon foreman's sweet voice and looking upon his beautiful face starofthesea87: how are you? i chung you: i am amazing because i'm curled in a ball wrapped in a blanket, dreaming of the perfect swedish man who would write me songs. plus, my hair is cool-looking from the rain starofthesea87: hahhahaha starofthesea87: hahaha i chung you: plus i'm listening to my amazing CD,

 starofthesea87: i wish i was in the rain then i chung you: yeah it was special i chung you: we needed a hot man to recite poetry and get wet with us i chung you: and then after it was all over there would be a rainbow starofthesea87: ahhhhhhh starofthesea87: that would be the perfect day i chung you: yep i chung you: twould i chung you: sigh i need a man like that i chung you: there arent many of those in jacobs starofthesea87: yeah like none i chung you: hmm i chung you: i can't think of any starofthesea87: niether can i i chung you: that's really saddening i chung you: guess i'll just have to go to sweden starofthesea87: yes!! i chung you: i think if i went to sweden, the men would say 'wow a foreigner, we've never seen anything like her' (in swedish of course) and then they would fight over me. i would get my choice of an amazing-pant-wearing-man starofthesea87: hahahaha starofthesea87: yay starofthesea87: may i accomany you? i chung you: yes starofthesea87: *accompany i chung you: as long as you don't steal too many men i chung you: when we smuggle them in it can't be noticable starofthesea87: hahaha starofthesea87: yes i chung you: oh sweden, :'( i long to visit you starofthesea87: me too

 right now i feel like hugging every one of my friends. a nice warm hug. consider yourself hugged! :) :)

 Quote of the Day "this one hobo said 'i wanna lick you like an ice cream cone' so i ran away."

 yaaaaaaaaaay for beautiful amazing spectacular wonderful rain. school was school. i found that kevin's in my gym hour. in gym i had to put a lot of effort in because ledford was watching my team the whole time in softball. then there was track.. ah forget it. me and betsy headed out for a walk and it started drizzling. we cheered and thanked Jesus. it was so great. i was completely soaked when i got home. i walked in my house and took of my shoes and then my mom just stared at me and said slowly "what happened?" i just smiled and said "well it started to rain and i chose not to come in." then i went and changed. now im wrapped in a nice blanket. ugh i have an orchestra concert tonight though and i'm not looking forward to it, at all. ughhhh.

 oh my gracious, i just realized i haven't said anything about the hippie bus. there is this amazing, gorgeous, beautiful hippie bus for sale on rt. 31 at this used car lot. i saw it and i screamed and i made my mom pull over. ther wasnt a price on it. its yellow. i want it so badly. its so perfect and amazing and wonderful. i don't think i will get it because my mom will tell me to wait till theres a price but then someone else will buy it and i shall cry. i need that car. i love that car and its not even mine. also, i'm getting my hair dyed, for real. it will be dark brown. and i'm getting it cut with bangs, which jay said will look emo. i'm not trying to though. its just bangs. yeah whateva.

 i chung you: my brother tried to email me in spanish but its all wrong i chung you: its funny i chung you: he tried to attack me in spanish starofthesea87: HAHA starofthesea87: WHY WOULD HE EMAIL YOU WHEN HE COULD TALK TO YOU? i chung you: because he has no life and feels the need to bother me in every part of my life humanly possible starofthesea87: HAHA starofthesea87: IM SORRY i chung you: yeah it happens my brownies turned out spectacularly. hmm i wonder if that is a word. toooo bad

 grrrrrrrrr

 ah. you are supposed to be able to comment on my blog because i enabled it.. so .. please do if it works. yeah thanks a lot.

 hockeychik7777: ohhh baby that sounds good haha kate is great and i just rhymed. hm.

 so i have posted..ready for this?? 793 times. that is insanely a lot. ha and most of it is pointless and stupid. oh well. maybe when i get 800..tomorrow?..i will have a celebration. or not.

 Quote of the Day "jerusalem trotters were not made for speed, they were made for fashion!"

 umm i don't like this new blogger. it's confusing and strange. and slower. grr. i'm gonna post longer posts and fewer because i don't like this. today was actually good. for once. i went on an escapade after 2nd block that went all around the junior hallway and twas fun. i brought a picture of nice swedish men, not christian lindskog, but other ones. miss america was lame and stupid and pointless and useless to me. i suppose other people might have liked it. whatever. after school was a beautiful rain and so me natalie and betsy decided to walk home in it. it was great. very nice. Oh, yesterday.. went to church, then my great aunt's house.. very uncomfortable. my source of entertainment for about 4-5 hours was charles dickens. great expectations. it was terrible. soo after that we went home and i didnt really do anything great. except sleep. i just looove to sleep.

 i hate when i have an indecisive music feeling and i don't know what i want to listen to so i just play the beginning of the first song to decide whether or not i actually want to listen to it. mostly i don't want to hear anything and then theres just one song and i'll listen to it. and then i change my mind and have to start over. oh tis annoying.

 so my mom thought a funny thing would be making my dad believe i went out with miles by myself while i was not home. needless to say he was a little upset. i didn't find this funny. then she funnily added at the end, around when i got home, that i was in fact with other people.

 i'm bored stupid right now. no one is on to talk to but i have no reason to go to bed yet. my brother isnt home tonight which means i have free reign of the computer.

 Take my photo off the wall If it just won't sing for you 'Cause all that's left has gone away And there's nothing there for you to prove Oh, look what you've done You've made a fool of everyone Oh well, it seems likes such fun Until you lose what you had won Give me back my point of view 'Cause I just can't think for you I can hardly hear you say What should I do, well you choose Oh, look what you've done You've made a fool of everyone Oh well, it seems likes such fun Until you lose what you had won Oh, look what you've done You've made a fool of everyone A fool of everyone A fool of everyone Take my photo off the wall If it just won't sing for you 'Cause all that's left has gone away And there's nothing there for you to do Oh, look what you've done You've made a fool of everyone Oh well, it seems likes such fun Until you lose what you had won Oh, look what you've done You've made a fool of everyone A fool of everyone A fool of everyone

 Quote of the Day "Why do we call them gorditas if gordita means little fat girl?"

 i chung you: i looove that christian lindskog starofthesea87: me too starofthesea87: forever i chung you: ITS SWEDEN! starofthesea87: i know i chung you: im going to move there i chung you: right after college starofthesea87: haha i chung you: find me a nice swedish man with amazing pants and bring him back starofthesea87: or import all the hot men from sweden onto your lap i chung you: haha yeah

 went to walmart for too long, then came home for like ten minutes and went to village squire. had a debate about texas because i think it will be a boring vacation of family togetherness. i don't like that too much. at all.

 my internet has been broken since i dont know last thursday i believe and it still doesn't work properly. i was lucky enough to get this webpage to load correctly after about 30 minutes. and i'm serious. this last weekend was nice, meghan's ballet recital was great. we slept over at her house and had an interesting discussion for i don't know 3 hours? more or less, it was interesting. school is so close to being over, i can't stand it anymore. not that i could stand it before. on sunday i saw harry potter. its a very good movie. today i had mosquito bites that itched alot. i got calamine lotion from the nurse and people thought i was strange with huge white marks on my legs. in gym we had "recess" all block. it was pointless. on wednesday we are doing yoga outside. i love gym most of the time. its too easy. i'm trying to think of anything i could possibly say because this webpage is not going to load again and i won't be able to post for awhile and umm i don't know what to say. i'm listening to tsunami bomb. i need to burn a CD for miqui and she said she was gonna burn me thrice but i don't know if she will remember. i have driver's ed tonight and its almost over. i wish it was over now though because now that school's out it will be interfering with fun stuff. like a movie romance concerts. swedish festival is on sunday and despite popular belief& diminished concert is saturday! and saturday is my church's car wash so if your car is dirty and you want me to wash it, bring it to my church on saturday from 9-12. yes, in the morning. i don't want to wake up that early. the mission trip is going to be great because we get to help homeless people and children and old people, while being in pennsylvania! on the other hand, my texas vacation is soon approaching and looks to be bad. it interferes with basically everything. like sandblast. i suppose there is always next year. i guess thats it since my mind is blank. as usual! adios for who knows how long.

 She changes your mind when you see the joy in her eyes. It makes you feel. She draws your eyes from all the things that have made you numb and makes you feel. If I could open up my heart and let her out I would never have to sing her name aloud. It was your "hello" that kept me hanging on every word and your "good-bye" that keeps me listening for your voice around each corner. I'll sing songs to help me stay up all night. I don't want to go to sleep. I'll sing songs and hope you're listening carefully and know exactly what I mean. It's the song you must seek out when your night has just begun. In the distance you can find the lips from which was sung a melody.

 Quote of the Day "Mom, Ms. Taylor told me today i was the only one who didn't sound gringo in my spanish class." "Am I going to get a bumper sticker for that?"

 last friday/weekend as a freshman! me and betsy are gonna be hippies tonight and we asked katy to but i don't know if she is or not. we are all going to meggie's ballet recital and i'm excited for it! and we are having a sleepover party after. a total shindig. haha so enjoyable. i'm eating my second favorite cereal, reese's puffs. my first favorite (?) is lucky charms. and i like frosted flakes, trix, honey nut cheerios, crispix with sugar, oreo o's, fruity pebbles etc. i like almost all cereals except for like healthy K or whatever its called. and multi-grain cheerios. and raisin bran. i do not like raisins. why on earth am i typing a paragraph about cereals?!

 soo driver's ed..bit of a snoozefest. oh! we picked out our lockers today! it was so exciting. i'm glad to be an inspiration..i feel more important..haha amusing. ah well i gotta study for math because i may fail this test tomorrow.

 so after much debate with myself, i decided on a new template. more later.

 Quote of the Day "It's probably worse that our robes are fake."

 urban hiking is superb. we went to meijer gas station and i bought candy and a bottle of soda. it was quite fun. my mom took in my pictures from the digital camera and got the printed out for me and put on a CD so now i have amazingness right in my house! i can zoom in a lot and everything. its beautiful. aside from that, i have driver's ed tonight and it's bound to be boring. its not terrible but it isn't my favorite thing to do. but i am glad that i can get my license in 9 months. well a little more because my birthday is the 21st. and i'm already counting down til spring break because that trip will be so much fun. yay. aaron marsh is amazing

 my mom was telling me about all of the amazing cars she saw in california on her vacation without me and i told her i would buy them. so she said she would fly out there with me like next summer and we would buy a car and drive it back here. i kept asking her if she was serious and she said she would so i'm holding her to it. i will get an amazing car like my mom said she saw at least 5 VW buses and like all these old cars that i don't really know but sound good to me. she said she doesn't know what a relient K is though. aside from this, i found a blindside song entirely in swedish and i would like to hear it but i don't own that CD. its on an older one. so sad.

 okay so in my boredom during a driver's ed movie, i thought about our summer after senior year 3 month long vacation. first, we will go to mexico. then i think we should do the road trip to georgia in my RV because it is do-able because i've already done it. then cornerstone will take place. after cornerstone we should do the cross-country train trip to california (san diego) and once we have returned home, immediately leave for sweden. but if we want to go to the midsummer festival, we would have to go to sweden before georgia and move everything around. i also realized that this probably won't happen because of lack of funds. aka MONEY. unless we start saving now.

 they have wild reindeer in sweden. how cool is that???

 Quote of the Day "Believe nothing of what you hear and 50% of what you see"

 i am going to sweden if i get drafted because it is a neutral country. hurray for sweden. urban hike tomorrow. i'm totally excited..lol. school is so close to over i can almost taste it. yesss

 i was outside and i am mesmerized by stars. they are so unbelievable and amazing. i could just sit and stare at it forever. it is so hard to think about how huge our universe really is. and how small we really are. it is crazy.

 Quote of the Day "natalie says at cornerstone she should say 'excuse me sir, can you please take off your shirt so i can view your chest?'"

 i chung you: im listening to them now i chung you: tis wonderful irishdancin83: they are quite the band irishdancin83: and the country i chung you: yes ma'am i chung you: i was thinking more along the lines of um physical contact i chung you: very photogenic, those swedes

 i've been in a blindside-copeland mood.. with a little bit of dashboard. its starting to get a little old so i'll probably throw switchfoot in there.

 jacobs hurts me. mostly emotionally but sometimes physically. im just glad this year is almost over. its been pretty insane. otis is nutty also. i'm listening to my favorite swedish person in the world right now.

 post numero 950! wheee! &nbsp; i'm extremely excited for this&nbsp; trailer weekend. although i won't be attached to the internet for four days, i don't believe this to be a bad thing because lately&nbsp;i have been on ever so much. which means too much. so now i can take a break outdoors with the black squirrels and badminton and scoopers and wheelhouse and hikes with angelic findings and thrifting and swimming and boating and scrabble and blackjack and JELLY RATS! i'm bringing them. be prepared, sweden is amazing. it's 1:00 so that means i should get packing soon. i downloaded sleeping at last, mewithoutyou, anberlin, and emery last night and they are all very good. i think later i will download cool hand luke and anothello (if that's how it's spelled..) but that doesn't matter now. so i must be going before my time runs out. excitement!!! &nbsp; farewell, until we meet again

 sleeping at last- "say" &nbsp; Say what you really want to say And the truest of forms will show, Finally you'll find your soul. &nbsp; They impose the endless fight To always be perfect. It seems they have been chosen To be above the rest. But the contradiction stands Between these perfect lives And the words that they've misread... There was no reading. &nbsp; Say all the things that you really want to say The truest of forms will show, Finally you'll find your soul. Say all the things that you really want to say The truest of forms will show, And finally you'll find your soul. &nbsp; The landscapes of being Are endlessly competing, back and forth For an answer to existence That we can never find, In all of the places that we've searched out, In all of the pulses that we've taken... There was no reading. &nbsp; Say all the things that you really want to say Then you'll find, the truest of forms will show And finally you'll find your soul. Say all the things that you really want to say Then you'll find, the truest of forms will show And finally we'll find our souls. &nbsp; Give us the answers And the ability to hear &nbsp; The landscapes of being Are endlessly competing, back and forth For an answer to existence That we can understand. &nbsp; Perhaps we're looking far too closely. We can't see all the evidence in its entirety... The air in our lungs, The complexity of our love. &nbsp; Say all the things that you really want to say Then you'll find, the truest of forms will show And finally you'll find your soul. Say all the things that you really want to say. &nbsp; Say what you really want to say And the truest of forms will show, Finally you'll find your soul. &nbsp; (p.s. thank you betsy for mentioning they are one of your favorite bands..)

 okay so i wised up to the fact i can download songs off purevolume.com. and i am truly digging the urlLink mewithoutyou and urlLink sleeping at last . i am about to get in trouble for being online. boohoo. oh well. i like new music and i like new things.

 Question: What is your favorite band in the world? hockeychik7777: uhh mae i would say Rocker1821: led zeppelin dancinkt918: THE MONKEES MeggieLiz0501: zeppelin EmoKid52689: As Cities Burn Freckles61487: i like switchfoot , but i also like other music IrishDancin83: well i would say copeland or sleeping at last

 "The hardest core Aaron ever got was playing trombone in a punk band." I believe this may be the cutest mental image ever.

 i'm so bored. there is a new kind of mountain dew that you can get at taco bell, and i had it today but it really wasn't that good. sadly. i love this numbering feature. my chemical romance is a very nice band. i don't want people to think i don't like them when i don't even know them. i hope&nbsp;i don't come across as a mean person or something.. purple rain is a strange movie. i am gleeful. i chung you: would you cry? Rocker1821: if i died?&nbsp; i chung you: yeah&nbsp; i chung you: ?Rocker1821: no i wouldnt cry&nbsp; i chung you: why not?&nbsp; Rocker1821: cuz i would be in heaven.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; okay tomorrow we are going to go to the thrift store because i need to. so yeah. be ready. ew my straightening balm is drying crispy and needs to be fixed!! i like the new copeland song. i want to write my own songs for guitar and i'm trying it's just not working out easily. if we don't go to the thrift store tomorrow, i'm going to start my schooltime renovations on my clothing. meaning i'm going to take everything out, sort through whether or not i want it, and then organize it back in the drawers. which also means it's going to become a disaster area. yay! then after the aforementioned happens, i can make a list of amazing clothing i want for school. i believe aforementioned is one of the coolest words i've ever used properly. hopefully that's a word. &nbsp; &nbsp;

 My Goal for Next Year- &nbsp; be outwardly friendly to everyone, including those i don't like or smell. this is going to be tough.

 i am utterly thrilled to go to the trailer!! this will be a blast!!!

 i am really bored but it's summer so that makes it okay. that's my theory. i downloaded 2 blame twilight songs today and they are both superb. there is a possibility of thrift store-ness today because my mother said we could depart after the furniture was delivered, tis being delivered as i type these very words, so maybe.. oh i hope so. my pancreas need it lol. pancreas are weird and i don't know where they are or what they do. i do know that if they don't work right, you have diabetes. so it has something to do with insulin and blood sugar. hmm. i'm listening to dashboard. i want their other CDs. one day i will go on a CD buying spree. just save up millions of dollars and then go to best buy and buy every single CD i want. that would be spectacular. "if only..if only"

 Dashboard Confessional &nbsp; Sharp disaster in a fresh new coma Was it worth it when it was over Proving yourself right You'd make the biggest noise Well.. I'd lock my hands behind my head I'd cover my heart and hit the deck I'd brace myself for the impact if I were you &nbsp; (It's a long wait) is there anything (For an answer) worth looking for (Is there any news) worth loving for (Is there any word) worth lying for (Is there trauma) is there anything (Or a struggle) worth waiting for (Am I missing) worth living for (Was the body found) worth dying for

 i chung you: i've been petting the bags of swedish food that i have IrishDancin83: hahahahaha why? i chung you: for entertainment i chung you: and so that sweden rubs off on me IrishDancin83: do they emit rays of amazingness? i chung you: yes!! IrishDancin83: yay! i chung you: it's from sweden so i mean what do you expect IrishDancin83: yeah i chung you: they are the most beautiful jelly rats i have ever seen IrishDancin83: haha i would expect them to be i chung you: ah i have an uncontrollable urge to go to the thrift store IrishDancin83: ME TOO!!!!! i chung you: it clings to my pancreas IrishDancin83: hahaha i chung you: where are your pancreas? IrishDancin83: haha idk i chung you: haha me neither i chung you: all i know is that they want to go to the thrift store alot IrishDancin83: hahahahahahahahahaha i chung you: teeheeee i chung you: hahahahahahah i chung you: gagagagagagaga i chung you: jajajajaja i chung you: hahahahah IrishDancin83: jajajajahahahahagagagagaga i chung you: phew i chung you: i'm out of breath

 from yesterday.. "it takes five compliments to counteract one insult or negative comment."

 i am&nbsp;a housework goddess. i was upstairs, bored out of my brain, and&nbsp;i decided to bake a cake because i like to eat them. so then i did and used my foods I skills. then i washed the dishes. then i did my own laundry. i should be applauded for not being asked to do any of these things and yet i did them. good for me.

 Newly discovered Copeland (actually Ev Angel) lyrics to my liking &nbsp; I can see a million colors fall from heaven Drip into the sunset I believe there's a million other colors That I have never seen That are waiting for me there Doesn't a sunset like that just make you want to fall in love On a moonlit night when everything was right and (.....?) Hey! &nbsp; Doesn't a sunset like that just bring you down to your knees On a moonlit night when everything was right and (.....?) ----- I'd rather be with you than without Within you than about you And I come to find out you want the same Oh lord I want to breathe you May my every movement free you From the place I've kept you locked up all these days ---- I was wrong to make a country club of my affection Subjective love for those of my selection But now she's found someone to love her more than I ever could You look much better when you smiled You've been down for quite awhile Amazed by the change in you Much that I still won't admit to What brought about the words in me Now sees the best in everything ---- &nbsp;

 Rocker1821: i cant believe they were sold out i chung you: it was strange i chung you: but i love the swedes Rocker1821: i am also swedish i chung you: haha good job i chung you: you guys are smart i chung you: you are also loved by me Rocker1821: haha Rocker1821: excellent i chung you: yup :) i chung you: do you love any countries? Rocker1821: nope i chung you: aw i chung you: you should pick a really weird one i chung you: and then love it Rocker1821: how come? i chung you: for fun i chung you: every country needs love Rocker1821: no Rocker1821: not every country i chung you: why not? Rocker1821: cuz some countries suck i chung you: oh i chung you: like which ones? Rocker1821: france i chung you: haha what's wrong with them Rocker1821: they are french i chung you: lol i see..kinda.. i chung you: so pick a different one Rocker1821: maybe i chung you: you could like nigeria i chung you: or madagascar Rocker1821: meh i chung you: alrighty but you are missing out.. Rocker1821: maybe so Rocker1821: but thats ok i chung you: you could just love ireland Rocker1821: i do love ireland i chung you: there you go i chung you: you have your own festival i chung you: your own holiday Rocker1821: yep

 operation: qp is moving right along, and quite nicely, might i add. i'm still upset that my pictures don't work. thank you sweden!

 they need better fonts to pick from. i actually woke up, got out of bed, dressed, put on makeup, and was ready to leave by 10 am, but alas! my mother decided to not go to Ikea in the morning, no, she went to church to work. and so i took a nap. haha it was well deserved. i was quite upset at my mother though. so after dropping off many people in many different places, i took the wheel and drove us with few problems to ikea. this being my first time on I90, i was shaking in my boots. people don't use their blinker. at ikea they didn't have the bookshelves or window seat that i wanted but i will get&nbsp;it eventually. i am excited to get a window seat because then i can sit there and play guitar or write stuff or who knows what all. but it will be cool. after we payed for our stuff, i spotted a SWEDISH FOOD MARKET!!! needless to say, i bought food from there. there was a pleasent sign saying "take home a little bit of Sweden...or give it as a gift!" i decided the only better sign i could think would be the same sign with a man on it. a swedish man named christian lindskog. but anyways, i'm saving the swedish food for the trailer because the trailer is amazing. we are going to have a badminton tourney and i'm going to win. ha! i'm not too good actually. but i do have fun.

 &nbsp;&nbsp; Billy Madison &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "What you've just said....is one of the most insanely idiotic things I've ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response was there anything that could even be considered a rational thought. Everyone is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you nothing, and may God have mercy on your soul."

 oh! i&nbsp;found superb vintage shoes in my mom's closet. they are cream with colorful flowers on the toe and have a little wedge heel. i like them alot. they are old looking. fun

 so operation: qp is moving right along and is coming along nicely. good good. we had a vacation bible school meeting tonight and it was a snoozefest but that's okay. i'm sure it will be fun. okay um i believe i am allergic to bananas and need to stop eating them. anyways, i drove everybody home, literally. and i had no accidents, problems, or scares. it was superb. then a bit ago i was playing guitar. and now i'm drinking a fruit smoooooooothie with banana in it and i feel allergic to it. so maybe i shouldn't. hmm..what to do.. tomorrow i might go to IKEA, the greatest swedish store ever, unless there is a swedish store where you can buy swedish men. i'm not sure about that though. anyways, i watched a small bit of the democratic convention but then my mom turned it off. currently i'm wearing my jacobs gym shorts because my laundry is being done. it makes me feel ill. so i suppose that is all for now. umm yeah.

 Cool Quotes from CoolQuotes.com "It is better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for what you are not." André Gide "Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected." Charles Lamb "A friend is someone who dances with you in the sunlight, and walks with you in the shadows." Unknown "A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and sings it back to you when you have forgotten how it goes." Unknown "Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." Albert Einstein "A word to the wise ain't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice." Bill Cosby "The wise man can pick up a grain of sand and envision a whole universe. But the stupid man will just lie down on some seaweed and roll around until he's completely draped in it. Then he'll stand up and go, 'Hey, I'm Vine Man.'" Jack Handey "In politics stupidity is not a handicap." Napolean Bonaparte "I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical." Thomas Jefferson

 sometimes i have feelings that i don't like and i want to rip them out. &nbsp; other times i have feelings that i absolutely love and i want them to last forever and they can't. &nbsp; i want more of the good and less of the bad and yet i know it's unlikely because life just can't be like that.&nbsp; i can live with that fact, so long as i get the good feelings once in awhile.

 camping out is joyful and fun. especially when operation: quirky petropolis is created. but backing up a bit, we went to the fireworks and saw many an amazing man but none that we actually knew enough to talk to. but it was alright anyways because it was cool to see people, minus andy t. i am still scared of him after two years, i still greatly dislike him after two years, i don't want to see him again. i also don't think it appears cool to stalk people. after the fireworks extravaganza we headed to katy's and had fun. we watched footage and made footage of important historical events. everything has been planned. it's all going into effect. Yay. betsy's birthday is also soon approaching and i have to get a super cool present. aside from that, i have to go to a children's bible camp meeting tonight because i'm going to be a happy teacher for the younguns. camping is so cool! i want to camp every day. except i don't like waking up sweaty. that's a bit gross. i also didn't enjoy being locked out of the house and then having to guard the tent. but i suppose that was better than running around the house in socks.&nbsp; it was fun. i want to go to ikea. those swedes have made it all. &nbsp; i chung you: i hope aaron marsh comes to your birthday fiesta! i chung you: haha IrishDancin83: yeah! well it could be likely because they'll be in town for the concert i chung you: yeah actually i chung you: ha i would cry i chung you: i'm not even kidding IrishDancin83: hahaha me too i chung you: he would ring the doorbell and i would melt i chung you: and then hug him --- IrishDancin83: ahhhhhhhhjjjjjhhhhhhhhh IrishDancin83: i know!!!!! IrishDancin83: the "j" key got in the way

 ooh so good times. last night i went to meggie's and the power was out for awhile but then it came back after we sat outside around yet another bonfire. i love fire, in a non-arsonist/pyro way. it was all good. we played fun games like pig mania, haha, monopoly started at 1:30 a.m. we ended up watching edward scissorhands at 4 am and then i didn't fall asleep until 5:30. it wasn't too good but i couldn't fall asleep. i had&nbsp;a beautiful dream last night. i was driving a limo and i was going through the toll booth and i pulled through it and this huge truck plowed right into my car and i got thrown through the window and died, but i was still on earth. everyone was screaming and these two people were crying over their friend's body. but then i went over and wrote in blood above her "my life 4 yours" and then she came back to life. it was so incredible, i was overcome with emotion in my dream and in real life. it may be the coolest dream i have ever had in my life. &nbsp; &nbsp; so then in the morning we watched lance armstrong win the tour de france. and ate pancakes. then we set vladimir the moth free in the park. then i climbed up on these rubbery monkey bars and laid on them in the sunshine and it was great and i almost fell asleep. it was beautiful. then we swung by my house and i got money and picked up betsy and went to target and kohl's and walked to burger king and ate food. it was pleasant. and now i'm home and really tired. and we are going to the fireworks tonight. so much fun stuff. wheeeee!

 when paula sparks; Copeland Sleep now moon. I'll watch over her while the sun is up and you'll have your eyes again soon. It's a glorious day and my lonely heart is tired again and I am starved for her attention. That's when Paula sparks a little light in my eye. Sleep now sweet princess I'll cheer for you silently and carefully not to disturb. I'll be ready on that evening when you're starved for my attention you'll say, "wake now, prince; there's a brilliant sky aboveand a jealous moon in love and they are starved for our attention."

 haha party again tonight. sweet

 hmm...how to describe the fun that happened yesterday.. it was amazing. it was really cool to meet all those people and see that they were nice and friendly. it was neat. the concert was okay, kind of, there were a lot of nice looking men there with really good pants. i am really tired today though. and covered in mosquito bites. no big deal though. it was all good. lots of fun. aw a kid from my work group from the mission trip just IMed me. how neat. this morning i had to wake up and go in the algonquin founders days parade and it was entirely too early for me, even if it was only 8am. thats too early. far too early. i need to go back to sleep. but its already 3 so i can't. well i guess that's it. happy birthday again miles.

 "you know it's not cool anymore when everyone else likes it."



 my brother just got a distortion pedal for guitar so i was playing with that for quite some time. you can play the same song over and over but it's always different. sweet.

 it's always interesting to go back to the beginnings&nbsp;of this webpage and just read how i was. i was weird. i was dumb a lot. it's really interesting to see how much i have changed as a person since the beginning of this year to now. i used to like rap music, "cute" clothes, i cared what people thought about me. but then i just slowly changed into what i am now, which is unknown to me. i don't really know what i would call myself. i'm not really any one thing. and i kinda like it that way.

 i found a very nice article/review/story about copeland: "Music can really be like a drug sometimes … and I’m addicted. If I don’t get my concert “fix” every month or so, I start to get a little antsy. After a show I’m normally exhilarated, all is right with the world, and I REALLY want some Taco Bell. I’m on a concert high. It’s got the same drawbacks too: when you start to really get into it, you begin building up a tolerance. You have to get more and more of the really good stuff to get the same effect as the lightweight stuff that got you high when you first started. It’s difficult to find a band these days that will really inspire me, make me believe in everything that is right with music and the human race, and win my complete respect and adoration. It’s just not as easy to impress me as it was before I became such a desperate junkie. I need something of real substance, of emotion, intelligence, staying power, relevance and truth. Enter Copeland to satisfy my craving. &nbsp; Copeland is one of those bands whose sound sweeps over you like waves until you’re drowning in sonic bliss, or maybe more appropriately encompasses you like the smoke that is billowing around the room, seeping slowly into your hair, your clothing, your lungs, your inner being. By the end of each of the two shows I felt like I had made a deep spiritual connection with this band. Maybe it’s Marsh’s sweet, soothing and full-ranged vocals; maybe it’s the soaring guitar melodies embedded within the songs; or maybe it’s the fact that God’s presence is so clearly woven into the fabric of the music no matter what they may be singing about. Whatever it is, I knew that I had found something real those two nights, and, like a true addict, all I came away wanting was more of it." &nbsp; isn't it the truth.

 i had a very very good dinner, one of the best in a very long time. it was superb. i like making lists because they make me feel much more organized. i, once again, am already despising this up-and=coming RV trip because it is taking away 3 very good concerts from me. scratch that, 3 Amazing concerts from me. it is so unfair that i am always missing out on the good stuff because i have to go somewhere dumb and be very close to my family all the time. and it's not like i hate my family, i just don't like having to be in an enclosed space with them 24/7. maybe this place we are going to will have a lake or good trees or somewhere i can run off to when i want to. &nbsp; Schedule of Tomorrow Try to roll out of bed by 10:31 Shower, get dressed, make-up, etc.. Eat something Leave at 12:15 Back at whenever we call my mom, before 5&nbsp; Gather up stuff for birthday party Leave again wow. that is going to be one great day.

 Switchfoot "On Fire" "They tell you where you need to go They tell you when you'll need to leave They tell you what you need to know They tell you who you need to be But everything inside you knows There's more than what you've heard There's so much more than empty conversations Filled with empty words &nbsp; And you're on fire When He's near you You're on fire When He speaks You're on fire Burning at these mysteries &nbsp; Give me one more time around Give me one more chance to see Give me everything You are Give me one more chance to be... (near You) &nbsp; Cause everything inside me looks like Everything I hate You are the hope I have for change You are the only chance I'll take &nbsp; When I'm on fire When You're near me I'm on fire When You speak And I'm on fire Burning at these mysteries These mysteries... &nbsp; I'm standing on the edge of me [x3] I'm standing on the edge of everything I've ever been before. And i've been standing on the edge of me Standing on the edge &nbsp; And I'm on fire When You're near me I'm on fire When You speak (Yea) I'm on fire Burning at these mysteries... these mysteries... these mysteries Ah you're the mystery You're the mystery"

 Quote of the Day "It's not really normal, it's more like the majority"

 umm..today i did nothing, again, except for paint a surfboard. i played guitar for a bit. it's really close to storming violently but it hasn't started quite yet. i just heated up some pizza snacks. they are yummy. the surfboard is neato. its for the founders days parade, which i'm going to be in with my church. so be on the lookout for me i suppose. actually don't because i will probably look weird. haha oh well. yay it started raining. hopefully it will cool down but probably stay humid. you can barely breathe, the air is like a thick blanket or something. i hate it. i'm listening to my chemical romance right now. i've been listening to music a lot lately. well i'm going to do something. not sure what. something though.

 i burned a ton of tastebuds off my tongue and it is terrible. i got juan carlos III back from betsy. thank goodness! i have two blisters on my heel and they hurt a lot. i don't like blisters. it was really hot and sweaty today. i didn't like it much. i also decided i do not like sleeping bags because they are too confining and then you wake up all twisted&nbsp;and your clothes aren't on correctly, like this morning my shorts were twisted all around. it was obnoxious. i guess there's nothing really to fix that except not sleep in a sleeping bag. hmm whatever. i'm excited for all of the events on friday (concert and miles's birthday). i played a lot of guitar again today and my fingers still hurt. i am attempting to learn "california" by copeland. i got some of it. i'm still getting "on fire" by switchfoot as close to perfect as i can. i want a cell phone because it is so annoying and hard to just have one phone for my whole family. i rarely get to use it because someone else has to make "important calls" and then that means i have to wait for at least an hour, which by then i don't even remember why i was calling someone in the first place. i have good arguments for why i need a cell phone and why we should join lifetime but that doesn't seem to make one bit of difference to my parents. okay so i need more things to do with my time because i sit around doing nothing or i'm online. usually both. my mom said that i can start horseback riding again soon because i had to switch barns. i love horseback riding. i miss it though. well i can't think of anything better to say for now. i need more interesting thoughts.

 Coheed and Cambria "Three Evils" Across the floor in the hand of where we drove the drill a cautious ear to the mouth of your confession think of all the things we put him through in the face of his god would he tell the truth? still recorded were the words that dribbled out his kiss when eyes go blind in this man of what could once become sever the limbs off his torso in sleep and burn what remains so the world may now see no longer...will we wait for your answers back to the hell where you've come from think of all the times you've once had write them in a letter that says goodbye you'll listen to reason while you're face down in the dirt you'll stomach the hurt and break for him here just how much he's worth slowly discarded were the remains of his lonely youth among the alley where the dwellers scare to notice picture a young boy in pieces and streets with leveled malfunctions no name to be called redeemer We'll fix him restore him...with the love is no other think of all the things you did before write them in a letter that says reborn you'll listen to reason while you're face down in the dirt you'll stomach the hurt and break for him here just how much he's worth following you across the interstate walking away...I'll fire on following you across the interstate walking away...I'll fire on following you across the interstate walking away...I'll fire on on the wrong way out on the causeway to never where on the wrong way out on the causeway to never where on the wrong way out on the causeway to never where dear my friends in the time we've spent forever after beyond this when will our nightmare ever end? dear my friends in the time we've spent forever after beyond this when will our nightmare ever end?

 i was at betsy's last night for a fun night of switchfoot. it was splendid. i've been having good dreams lately and i've been pondering dreams and why we have them. why did God decide to give us something to do while we are sleeping? what is the importance of dreams? is there ever any truth to a dream? do they ever come true? why do certain things happen in dreams, even if you don't like it? why is your sub-conscious so strange and different from what you really think? why can't there be any control of dreams? why can't we remember all of them? how come some dreams seem like they happened? i can't even answer any of these questions completely but i like to think about it. i want to leave my house today but i don't think i will. i will probably take a nap and play guitar and lie around and eat food and eventually go to bed. probably shower sometime. not too sure.

 Moose8176: are u always up or what i chung you: ha yes i chung you: :-) i chung you: i don't need sleep i chung you: i run off batteries Moose8176: awesome i chung you: yeah it is Moose8176: ive been goin off of like 4 hours of sleep every night..not even i chung you: it's fun stuff Moose8176: totally Moose8176: cept for im tired cuz its only noon haha Moose8176: and i have to drive i chung you: haha

 i went to the mall today and got my homecoming dress. it is actually being ordered because it had a stain so they had to get another but that doesn't matter. i saw a lot of people there: meggie (and family), greg mackiewicz, matt bruner and T, and a guy who looked like miles. my new hobby is shuffling cards. i can do a bridge now. my mom and I are trying to figure out where the elgin thrift store is. i might be able to have people over tonight. i don't know for sure yet. i need to use the phone but my mom is on it and has been for about an hour. i drove to and from the mall. it was sweet. i didn't hit anything or have any near death experiences like I did a few weeks ago. that was a terrible day. I had two near death experiences in one day. scary stuff. i'm making a list of CD's I want because there are so many. it's just something to occupy my time. i want to talk to people, i'm feeling lonely even though i hung out with people yesterday. i think it's great that paul (youth pastor of impact) is on VH1 for mentos! that is incredibly funny. i played guitar a lot today and my fingers are hurting. it feels good. i'm kinda excited for homecoming. it's like I want to shop and plan and whatnot but then i'm afraid its going to be bad because last year they only played rap music. so hopefully this year it will at least be a mix. i don't know though. oh well i guess if it's rap music i will just go along with it. hm i'm going to try and use the phone now.

 mall fun. i found my homecoming dress already. now i just have to convince my parents to buy it. it is gorgeous though, it's purple and silky and slinky and ruched at the top and flowy and gorrrrrrgeous. i love it so much. i really really want it. homecoming is far too early this year. september 18?! who decided that?!? that is two weeks after school starts. growl. i got a very nice comment about being poetic but turns out it was a song not my own thoughts.&nbsp; man i have to go&nbsp;but i'll be on later and post post post. lots of posting. &nbsp;

 "I need a sign to let me know you're here. All of these lines are being crossed over the atmosphere. I need to know that things are gonna look up. Cause I feel us drowning in a sea spilled from a cup. &nbsp; When there is no place safe and no safe place to put my head When you feel the world shake from the words that are said &nbsp; And I'm calling all angels. I'm calling all you angels &nbsp; I won't give up if you don't give up &nbsp; I need a sign to let me know you're here. Cause my TV set just keeps it all from being clear. I want a reason for the way things have to be. I need a hand to help build up some kind of hope inside of me [Chorus] When children have to play inside so they don't disappear. And private eyes solve marriage lies cause we don't talk for years. And football teams are kissing Queens and losing sight of having dreams. In a world that what we want is only what we want until it's ours.. [Chorus x2] Calling all you angels" train calling all angels

 "If&nbsp;I had a little white box to put my Jesus in I'd put him in and take him out And share him with a friend. &nbsp; If I had a little red box to put the devil in I'd take him out and SMASH HIS FACE and put him right back in. "

 la ti da. yesterday i got fake converse shoes, low tops, and they are black. they were 8 bucks so hey why not. i got one roll of film developed and i'm getting the other one any moment now. whenever my parents decide to get in the car and drive or let me drive. eh. i went to starbucks and then the movies last night. we saw a cinderella story. it was kinda lame. it was okay at best. its unrealistic. i can't make myself not think about the&nbsp;reality of the world so then i just don't like it anymore. it's sad. umm then later today we are going to the mall and it is bound to be fun since we will all be together again since um i think school got out? that is horrendous. good gracious. i also found out that i will be missing a bleach concert, copeland concert, and blindside/mewithoutyou concert within one week because i have to go on&nbsp; yet another RV trip. i am so upset. i cannot believe that i am once again missing great things because of a stupid family vacation that i won't even like. i don't understand my parents and why they can't try and at least be sympathetic that i can't go! they just said well we can't change the vacation. maybe next time. THERE IS NO NEXT TIME. who knows when any of those bands will be back? bleach will never come back because this is their farewell tour!! does this not make sense to them?! arrrrgh i'm going to i dunno sit around angry and then do something else.

 my schedule is as follows: Term 1- (1) Algebra (2) Orchestra/Gym (3) Am. Govt. (4) Spanish II Term 2- (1) Algebra (2) Orch/Gym (3) Trig. (4) Spanish II Term 3- (1) H. English (2) Orch/Gym (3) Health (4) H. Chemistry Term 4- (1) H. Eng. (2) Orch/gym (3) Global Econ. (4) H. Chem. &nbsp; as you can see, this year is looking to be the most boring because i had no room for good electives. just orchestra and spanish. ugghhhh i hate thinking about school more than i have to. i'm going to call people and see what's up.

 Post Number 905- ha fun. i really want to see everyone today, or tomorrow because i don't know what everyone is up to. APPARENTLY my brother talked to kevin williams online last night and now a movie romance is gonna play at his little concert at jordan's. this is strange and i am greatly confused and surprised by this occurance. so now i will be attending and it will prove to be interesting. i finished michael moore's book last night and it was superb. it was interesting and well written. i wish i could vote. and also, if bush gets re-elected i may be moving to sweden. i decided that a bit ago but my parents won't let me. i saw a gorgeous hippie bus yesterday and i pet it and kissed it (not directly). it had a stove in it. it was tan. then today i saw yet another hippie bus and today this one was a spectacular bright blue but it wasn't the camper type. neither were for sale. i desperately want one. they are seriously one of the coolest cars on this planet. i think just about any car from the 60's and 70's are amazing. although i have seen some ugly ones. but anyways, enough about cars i will never get. i am going to talk my mother into taking in my pictures because i would enjoy looking at them. i love taking pictures because they are such great and easy ways to show your life to others. i think it is really neat that someone invented them. i wish i could be so smart as to invent something as great as pictures. i'm just so happy that i can blog again!! i missed it so! i got&nbsp;2 cool shirts on the mission trip, one says "youthworks be like jesus 04" on the front and then on the back i got people to sign it. the other one is orange and says "possible" on the front and on the back says something along the lines of "for nothing is impossible for those who believe"-jesus.&nbsp; but i can't remember exactly what it says. oh well. we had devotionals every morning outside and after i finished the questions i decided to read luke. i'm not sure why but i felt like it. so i read it every day and i'm a little more than halfway finished. my goal is to read the whole bible by the end of high school so hopefully i can do that. it's a tough goal but i really want to. so i'm going to attempt to. i don't think i will read it in order though. i dunno it just depends.&nbsp;my new favorite verse- 1 Corinthians 15:10 "But by the grace of God, I am what I am, and his grace to me was not without effect." there's another one i like- luke 1:37. it is simply "for nothing is impossible with God". i adore psalms and proverbs because they are pretty and poetic. so moving on, i am going to try and post more thoughts of mine. since mostly i just say "well i went here and there adn talked to so-and-so." i thnk that is boring and you probably don't care anyway. so in conclusion, i enjoy blogging and will be blogging more often.

 hey i've gotten blogger to work because i am on my laptop. my normal computer is broken and not here. this blogger is different and cool. its easier. the mission trip was just so cool and great. it was a really good experience. my work group painted a guy's house. he was a weird man but that isn't what matters. we would go to the&nbsp; YMCA after and shower. i was usually covered in paint. there were some pretty cool people at the camp. there were people from connecticut, michigan, new york, wisconsin, and then us. it was all very cool. i don't really know where to start and what to put on here. there is just a lot that happened. one day we went to a gospel church service and i was sitting by one of the counselors, krista.&nbsp;at one part i just turned and hugged her and then we prayed and it was really nice. on the last club night we got our feet washed by our chaperones. a lot of people were crying and it was really emotional. i just kept hugging people. i liked it all. on the last day we went to a senior citizen center because we finished our house and the old people told me i would be a good waitress. it was cute. umm i will think some more and post again.

 i'm in pennsylvania on a laptop, but it works better than my house computer so anyways. texas was okay, i dyed part of my hair black, i wish i went to sandblast, i wish i went to cornerstone, i want this trip to be cool. i listened to really superb music today from the 80's. it was grand. we drove for about 12 hours today. i had to curl up in a ball, i felt like a rock. it was painful. i'm going to concentrate on being social now. adios.

 Disorder Rating urlLink Schizoid : Low urlLink Antisocial : Low urlLink Histrionic : Moderate urlLink Avoidant : Low urlLink Obsessive-Compulsive : Low -- urlLink Personality Disorder Test - Take It! --

 tomorrow i hope we can go to napoleon dynamite because i think twill be amazing.

 i can breathe a sigh of relief.. VBS is over and done with. i cannot express my thankfulness for that. i can sleep in, stay up late, do what I want to during the day, be unfriendly, yell!, and just be absolutely weird. it is wonderful. except for the funeral tomorrow for the unknown great uncle, packing, and then leaving on sunday for missouri. ugh. i can't believe that i have to live in that RV for another week. like 16 days wasn't already enough, i get to run off to yet another hickville and spend quality time in a lake. with myself because i can't tolerate my brother and then my dad will be off with his buddy who lives where we are going and then my mom has her own things she wants to do like read books. so i decided i'm bringing my guitar and laptop. that should be sufficient entertainment for the weekend. and who knows, they might have some kind of internet connection. then you wouldn't even have to miss me. i'm sad to see some of those kids go, like 2 out of 13. the rest, well, let's just say there were no tears shed. i have to find an all black outfit for tomorrow. i don't have many black skirts but i think i have pants. wearing all black is pretty boring if you ask me, i like neon colors and crazy tights and all kinds of colors of pants. now i'm up to red orange and gray. i need more though. any neon color would be nice. well i will just have to keep searching. i want to see napoleon dynamite badly but i don't have any way to see it because i would have to go to barrington, plus i have to pack/clean and i have no way there or back. let alone someone to go with.

 well i had Betsy C. M. come over to my (Meghan M. K.) house. we got out every possibility of a homecoming dress for our junior year 80's theme. and body suits. my brother was in the basement so we couldn't just be changing in the general family room so we got out an assortment of spandex body suits and wore them. let me just say, spandex body suits may be the most uncomfortable piece of clothing i have ever worn. anyways, some of the dresses were superb and some weren't. i found stirrup baseball socks that are a nice shade of green. i put on the whole baseball outfit and BCM took a picture and then I (MMK) took a picture of BCM in the yellow beautiful poufy dress. then we did a body suit shot and that was all the pictures we needed. i am enjoying using the initials. BCM MMK MEB KEG. more fun that way. cept i don't know some people's middle name(s). i sort of have many middle names that i can't even spell but they aren't on my birth certificate. here's my attempt- meghan margaret mugilicudy thostesen elizabeth keyes. hmm bad spelling, i am sure of it. they are my mom's maiden name, my grandma's maiden name, elizabeth is my great grandma i think and then margaret was a different great grandma. i was supposed to be a boy. hmph. i am not. my lacey glove is ripping a lot. tomorrow i'm wearing my orange fishnets. to celebrate my not having to wake up anymore. apparently we aren't leaving for missouri until sunday because saturday we have a funeral to attend. of someone i don't really know. a great uncle. i'm not a fan of funerals in general. ha i don't think anyone is a fan of funerals. that was such a stupid thing to say. well uh no one's on and i need to shower, blow dry hair, etc. so i'm off to restock the ketchup.. just kidding.

 Amazing grace, how sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now am found Was blind but now I see 'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear And grace my fears relieved How precious did that grace appear The hour I first believed Through many dangers, toils and snares I have already come 'Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far And grace will lead me home

 ookay today was nice and good. well just recently it was nice and good. VBS was smelly, tiring, funny, etc. I'm just tired of trying to make kids listen and behave. i also need to figure out a way for them to stop touching me..i do not like being touched by them. i'm not exactly a touchy-feely person to begin with, but then they are dirty and i don't like some of them. plus they smell. really bad. so i was wearing neato socks also. i love socks when they are cool but i actually hate them because my feet get disgusting, as if feet aren't gross enough without being sweaty. ew i'm grossing myself out with this talk of feet. so after VBS we went to burger king (betsy meggie hannah and myself) and brian plushkis was working so we talked to him. it was exciting. i hadn't seen him in ages. i'm not sure he even knows me. oh well. he might go to betsy's birthday and that is really good. thats gonna be one good party. i'm so tired right now i'm almost asleep on the keyboard. it is 1:42 in the afternoon. i am the lamest of the lame.

 VBS was still scary, i believe that our group is the wildest, and craziest. one boy, brandon, said that we were weirdos today. yesterday we kidnapped betsy and took her to coldstone and then we took a picture with the funny workers and then walked to taco bell and i drank a soda and natalie and betsy ate some food and then we went to betsy's and listened to music and i ate sushi for the first time and betsy ate really strange squid and betsy opened her presents and we ate cake and made the first two personalized invitations to her birthday. man, they are amazing. quast may be the best word e'er spoken in the english language. anywho..today we went to the thrift store in elgin and i was pleasantly amazed. it is the best one i've been to. i got a green grandma skirt, a grandma sweater, a black and white houndstooth skirt, a bright orange sweater, a green polo that smells, a flowered suitcase, gray pants, red pants, ahh i can't think of what else. i'm really tired already and it is 6:50. what the heck. little kids are tiring and mostly smelly. i really do love the four boys. jacob and chris were fighting over who got to sit in my lap and hold my hand. it was sweet. i like singing songs and freestyle grooving. i'm not a big fan of synchronized interpretive movements, unless it is at homecoming. speaking of homecoming, junior year homecoming i am getting an 80's dress. i am already excited for that. i have been thinking about how great something like VBS is for a little kid. getting to know Jesus and Christianity when you are an impressionable youth is a good good thing. i'm glad i had it.



 VBS is tiresome and fun. i kind of like getting up early because then i end up doing more in my day. plus i don't feel like a lazy bum all the time. i kind of smell from the children. i like most of them, there's just 1 or 2 i'm not very fond of. little jacob came up to me and hugged me for about 3 minutes. it was adorable. i had taco bell for lunch, hurray. also yummy. a new word was discovered today- qwast. it has no real meaning. also, the word howa is real. it has a meaning similar to whoa. aside from all this, i have a funny sticker on my hand.

 i went to guitar center for my brother's birthday present. i got strings and picks. nothing too exciting. there are always nice looking rockers in guitar center. a dreadlocked man helped me figure out which strings and picks i needed. we went out to dinner after. for my brother's birthday. we went to mandile's. it was nice, i suppose. i usually present ideas/plans when we go out to dinner. i don't know what else to say. the trailer weekend kinda made me realize i am a fearful person and i wish i was braver. more daring. it's not always a bad thing, though, to be scared because then you tend to do less stupid things. i like my pictures i drew. i wish i had a scanner to put them on display on here. alas i do not. oh well. blindside concert apparently on sept. 1 w/ mewithoutyou. getting more details.

 sorry for the multitude of quotes/posts but i really like this one. Graham: People break down into two groups when they experience something lucky. Group number one sees it as more than luck, more than coincidence. They see it as a sign, evidence, that there is someone up there, watching out for them. Group number two sees it as just pure luck. Just a happy turn of chance. I'm sure the people in Group number two are looking at those fourteen lights in a very suspicious way. For them, the situation isn't fifty-fifty. Could be bad, could be good. But deep down, they feel that whatever happens, they're on their own. And that fills them with fear. Yeah, there are those people. But there's a whole lot of people in the Group number one. When they see those fourteen lights, they're looking at a miracle. And deep down, they feel that whatever's going to happen, there will be someone there to help them. And that fills them with hope. See what you have to ask yourself is what kind of person are you? Are you the kind that sees signs, sees miracles? Or do you believe that people just get lucky? Or, look at the question this way: Is it possible that there are no coincidences?

 mass exodus and rearrangement of my wardrobe begins NOW. be prepared.

 "ballroom blitz" Oh it's been getting so hard Living with the things you do to me My dreams are getting so strange I'd like to tell you everything I see Oh and see a man at the back as a matter of fact His eyes are as red as the sun And the girl in the corner let no one ignore her Cause she thinks she's the passionate one Oh Yeah! It was like lightning Everybody was fighting And the music was soothing And they all started grooving CHORUS Yeah, Yeah, Yeah-Yeah-Yeah And the man in the back said everyone attack And it turned into a ballroom blitz And the girl in the corner said boy I want to warn you It'll turn into a ballroom blitz Ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz Oh reaching out for something Touching nothing's all I ever do Oh I softly call you over When you appear there's nothing left of you And the man in the back is ready to crack As he raises his hands to the sky And the girl in the corner is everyone's woman She could kill you with a wink of her eye Oh Yeah! It was electric So perfectly hectic And the band started leaving Cause they all stopped breathing CHORUS Oh Yeah! It was like lightning Everybody was fighting And the music was soothing And they all started grooving CHORUS Repeat It's it's a ballroom blitz It's it's a ballroom blitz It's it's a ballroom blitz Yeah, it's a ballroom blitz

 well... i'm pushing buttons on here and i don't know what they do. so..bear with me. VBS is good/scary. there are four boys whom i love- jacob christopher connor and brandon. most of the girls are sweet but there's a few ..interesting ones. oh well it's nice to see the little ones loving God. umm i'm really tired from all this though. i don't like waking up. it's far too early. we are supposed to go to guitar center today for my brother and i want to buy a guitar but i wouldn't mind putting the money towards a beautiful car. ha like mine would even be beautiful. but anyways, i don't really know what i'm going to do except for napping. i am going to wear one of my new thrift store shirts tomorrow to VBS. well......

 well.. my parents were kind of dumb today and then it was made my fault, according to them. so then i stopped talking. i just don't respond to them after i'm mad. i should really be sleeping now because i have to get up so so early and it is unethical and yet good because it looks promising and fun. but anyways, betsy told me to come over and hang out with her and miles and co. so then my dad said he was going to bed in five minutes and wouldn't drive me and then my mom said she could take me but i would have to get a ride home but my dad was going to sleep so then i just sat on a chair for awhile and then my mom came down asked why we hadn't left yet and i wasn't happy and said "because you guys told me you were leaving/sleeping and you both did neither of those things." but then she yelled at me because "it isn't my fault that I have to do things and I offered to drive you there" and i don't know what else because i stopped listening. so then i came down here and here i am. typing away. and really tired. and also in desperate need of a shower. ugh.

 wheeeeeee vacation bible school! i love the trailer! i am crazy with no sleep! somebody talk to me!

 twas a weekend reminiscent of no other: hippie buses, space age vans, movie marathons, midnight (well, almost midnight) swims, man hugs, cheese cubes, large yellow and black spiders, large beetles, bug attacks, signs, dews, boating, tom thumb mini golf, close range putting, massive cotton candy, our friends, scoopers, badminton, hippie rockers, thrift store, magazines, hairstyles, over eating, lack of sleep, not going to church (oops), deep conversations on the dock late into the night, aaron marsh, station wagons, good looking workers at k-mart, smelly-ness, cool float, toe injuries, cute sunburns, cool windswept air dried hair, boy pants, fashions for school, homecoming plans, absolute and total weirdness.

