 had a great time last night... went to starbucks, saw kill bill, hung out for a while, picked up a drunken roommate, and had a great ending to my day. more on this later...

 well, say goodbye to Rocktober and say hello to Blow-vember

 hi lindsey

 once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's really no fun lying to them anymore.

 apparently i'm a lot more irish than i previously thought. i'm basing this not on any new genealogical information i discovered, but the fact that my facial hair is getting redder by the day. i guess this means i get to eat a lot of corned beef and drink a lot of beer and whiskey... who am i kidding, i do that now

 just got back from my first hockey game... michelle, heidi, and i saw the kings lose in overtime to the rangers from 8 rows behind the glass. it was a great time other than the loss and the incredibly loud and obnoxious fat girl who couldn't stop ragging on other people at staples center... now i must rest for tomorrow's evening of debauchery

 you can never have too many fire hazards going at once

 i've been doing nothing but sitting around the past couple days, playing video games, eating, and shaving just for the hell of it (i love my new razor). but i haven't been a complete loser, i did go out with daniel, david, valerie, aprille, and nick the other night to main street... drank booze from a giant clam and somehow started talking about shaving pubes. yea, i don't know how we got to that point either...

 feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad thank you for breaking up with me at christmas you picked a perfect time to break it to me right after i bought ever gift you wanted i guess just that's the bitch you are you changed your pager, home, and cell phone number you even took out a restraining order i can't be within five hundred feet of ya i think you've gone too far feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad feliz navidad, feliz navidad, feliz navidad prospero ano y felicidad i'm really sorry that i fucked your sister i can't believe she even let me fist her i even hooked up with your best friend esther yea she blew me in your car i guess i'll never ever learn my lesson just bought a brand new shiny smith & wesson i'm gonna keep your boyfriend second guessing i hope i see him at some bar somebody told me he was born a woman they said he changed his name from rachel to ruben you must be the only bitch he's foolin' you should check him for some scars i hope you get a fucking yeast infection or some disease from using no protection you know your boyfriend can't get an erection yea his "weewee" won't get hard merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah merry merry christmas oh yeah

 i had a pretty good christmas (or as john noted, CHRISTmas) gift-wise: puma jogging jacket simpsons stein home microbrewery dickies jacket dvds norelco shaver (the one that has the built-in gel dispenser) camelbak snowboard helmet... now i'm waiting for a kick-ass new year's party and i need to find a girl to kiss at midnight... any takers?

 i met a hot chick at this bbq the other night. she's blond too. or at least i think she is... all i know was that her hair was on fire. she's really self-absorbed... the conversation totally revolved around her. "help me ." "put my hair out." whatever, you crazy skank...

 merry christmas all. i hope you got all the material possessions that you wanted but better yet spent time with those closest to your heart... afterall, isn't that what christmas is all about?

 so i tried out the flow bindings yesterday in conditions that just sucked... all hardpack, too many people. but i have to say that the conditions actually provided a prime testing ground. i had thought that with the design of the flows that you would gain considerable maneuverability since ever movement of your foot would be translated into movement of your board... and i was right. there were a number of times that i almost caught an edge as i avoided a novice boarder who inadvertantly cut me off, but i was able to pull out of it... and it was amazing. i also realized just how maneuverable my board is. when i bought it, one of its selling points was that it was a wide board, but it had a huge sidecut. normally wide boards are like planks and aren't suited for quick turns or many types of tricks, but my board has a steeper arc cut into both sides of it so it can regain some of the quickfootedness it lost by becoming wider. and i was never able to appreciate it completely with my clickers, but damn, do i LOVE my board now

 James Perry, with four DUI arrests in Florida, feared rejection if he tried to get a driver's license in his new home state of Connecticut and so pretended to be Robert Kowalski (the name of his neighbor in Florida), but a routine computer check revealed "Robert Kowalski" to be a Michigan sex offender, unregistered in Connecticut [New Haven Register-AP, 9-26-03] Chance Copp, 15, who was on probation for arson and who feared testing positive for marijuana, submitted the urine of a relative, instead, only to find out later that that urine tested positive for cocaine [Columbus Dispatch-AP, 11-27-03] among the less-publicized charges against the Russian oil giant Yukos (whose chairman, Russia's richest man, was arrested in October) was that a farm it owns in Siberia was illegally allowing rabbits to mate "unsystematically." [Plattsburgh Press-Republican-AP, 11-6-03]

 so scott's married, and i wish him all the congratulations and good luck i can. it was fun being at the reception, even though i ended up hanging out with the standard chris, dave, and daniel. i was disappointed that a couple people didn't show, but i enjoyed catching up with donny hoffman (married with child) and eric van landingham... oh well, it's weird how we all started in the same high school but now we're so diversified. life's crazy...

 went to a party with chris tonight... had a pretty good time, met some interesting people... some more interesting than others. good times...

 i'm done with half of my 3rd year of med school, and it feels GGGGGGRRREEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTT!!!!! but i came to a realization as i was drinking guiness at the bar right after my oral exam: i finished 24 weeks of school without a break. that's almost a full school year worth of class. so med school may be only 4 years, but the last two years act as 4 years worth of material in of itself. anyhow, 2 weeks off sound mighty nice right about now...

 alright so the written portion of the exam is finished... not too bad. we have two texts for surgery: one for general surgery and one for all the subspecialties (orthopedics, urology, plastics, neuro), and they both have questions at the end of each chapter. we were told all along all you have to do is do the questions, and you'll do fine on the test. and it's true... a good 50% of the questions were straight out of the book. now all i have to do is wait for the oral exam to start... but from what i hear it's not nearly as bad as we all think it might be. it's still stressful and anxiety-inducing, but it shouldn't be nearly as frightening. my plan for the oral exam is to check out who are giving me my oral exams (they post that later on today), and then use my study-guide to do some last minute cramming

 word to the wise: don't try to cram 12 weeks of surgery into 2 days of intense study. just in case you ever had that inclination...

 CONGRATULATION, CHRIS!!! you're finally done with college... now get a real job

 take 3 minutes of your time to think about the worst possible thing you could do to a person. once you're done, finish with this post. but you're probably going to read on through without putting much thought into it, so do whatever you please. do you have your plan in mind? now no matter what you thought of, it's already been done... and it's been done innumerable times with such a degree of sophistication and malice that any attempt you could make would be sophomoric and disgraceful. don't believe me? are you so naive to believe that throughout the hundreds of thousands of years of human existence that no one could have done it better and more hurtful than anything you can fathom (unless it involves something that could only have happened recently... like squashing someone with a space shuttle or something similar)? i'm not pointing this out to be derogatory, but to make a point of how confining own perception of the world is. we don't like to think of all the brutality in the world that happens ever day... the worst possible things that we can imagine we prefer to see as fantasy but not the reality that it was and is. like those stories about they find a pubescent girl chained to her bedpost for her entire life... chained by her parents. she's haggard-appearing, spending her days naked in a room covered in feces, unable to speak. it's happened before, and unfortunately, it'll happen again. so when we come across something that completely appalls us, we must not let our own disgust, outrage, and intrigue consume us. this applies to me in the ER setting... if this poor girl were to wander in, i can't let my inperception of her condition preclude me from doing my job. this applies to the world in general because we can't appreciate the viewpoints of others. as i christian, i can't understand why there are so many people in the world don't believe in jesus. but muslims feel the same about muhammed, buddhists about buddha, and mormons about being crazy. but think of this in terms of the iraq debacle: those people that support our invasion of iraq don't understand the pro-peace position, and those that are pro-peace have no idea how anyone can support the iraq campaign. just like the pro-lifers not understanding how anyone could ever fathom killing a helpless fetus, whereas the pro-choicers can't understand how anyone would let a woman not have control over her own body and life. it boils down to this... don't cram your rhetoric and beliefs down the throats of others unless you allow the opposing side an equal amount of time. now i got to get back to my plan of inflicting horror on someone special...

 The International Telecommunications Union's phonetic alphabet, now used worldwide: Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta, Echo, Foxtrot, Golf, Hotel, India, Juliet, Kilo, Lima, Mike, November, Oscar, Papa, Quebec, Romeo, Sierra, Tango, Uniform, Victor, Whiskey, X-Ray, Yankee, Zulu

 urlLink this is great news... my elation comes not as a sexually active male, but as a health care provider

 this is preemptive for me, but there's nothing like failing a final to make you feel like the victim of dry anal rape... or DAR, as i like to call it. i'm not worried so much about the multiple choice test i have on friday that covers 12 weeks of surgery that i experienced and a lot of topics that i never saw, but it's the oral exam that's freaking me out. we get two 20 minute sessions with two different pairs of surgeons (one a general surgeon, the other a specialist) and they ask us two or three case scenarios (i.e. 65 year man presents to the ER following falling off a 15 ft. ladder... i have to take over from there). but depending on how fast i stumble through the cases, i can get between 4-6 cases for the afternoon... it's so unimaginably frightening

 i'm not a hairy man by any means... i didn't have to start shaving regularly until a couple of years ago, and even then it was once a week. within the past year and a half or so, i've upped it to twice a week, but that's more of the optimist in me than the amount of facial hair i have. but seeing patients and having to look professional makes me maintain this twice a week mantra of shaving. it's not like anyone can tell when i need a shave (unless they touch my face)... my facial hair is golden or orangish with the occasional darker hair thrown in; so it's practically invisible. that being said, the longest i've ever gone with shaving (since i started to shave) is about three weeks. my roommate pete said i started to look a little scraggily, but i felt more like a hamster with mange than anything... it's also hard to believe him considering he's egyptian. he accidently shaved his goatee uneven one day so he sheared it all off... within a week it was back like normal (don't forget those pictures of saddam... he grew a full beard in 8 months!!). anyhow, being on anesthesia last week, i didn't give a shit how i looked and i figured with just this week between me and a glorious 2 weeks of vacation, i won't shave again until i start my next rotation in january. however, knowing the facial hair on my cheeks is in an irregular pattern, i figured i'll try just growing that patch of hair on my chin. it looks alright up close, but you can really see how sparse my facial hair is. and it's not like anyone can tell from afar... it kinda looks like my chin is a bit dusty. so i'll be test-driving this lone patch of hair on my face for the next couple weeks, but it itches like hell and makes me feel like a dumbass so i don't know how long before i shave it off. not like anyone will notice either way...

 urlLink OPEC wants aid if world shifts to renewable energies ... what?

 re-post from two years ago... you know, i just realized that i've been coasting through my whole existence. instead of going out and seizing the day, i stayed in and slept through it. instead of getting high off life, i got drunk off moonshine and the power i have over small animals. instead of getting my foot in the door and starting a career, i stuck my penis in a watermelon and frightened the neighborhood children. it's time to make some changes. from this point on, you're going to see a whole new me. you're thinking, "what? you're going to start fucking a different kind of produce now, right?" to that all i have to say is that it helps if you warm it up first...

 remember that time in vienna? a certain restaurant? a certain coffee? a certain waiter? Jean-Luc!!! so yea, what'd we do with his body? i mean, that's why i brought it up and all...

 Admit It: You, Too, Are Paris Hilton The average American has far more in common with spoiled TV heirs than you might think. By Geoffrey Colvin Florida, Nov. 29 (AP)A mob of shoppers rushing for a sale on DVD players trampled the first woman in line and knocked her unconscious on Friday as they scrambled for the shelves at a Wal-Mart Supercenter. The woman, Patricia VanLester, had her eye on a $29 DVD player, but when the siren blared at 6 a.m. announcing the start of the post-Thanksgiving sale, VanLester, 41, was knocked to the ground by the frenzy of shoppers behind her.... [The woman's sister] said that some shoppers tried to help VanLester and that one employee helped her reach her sister. But most people just continued their rush for the deals, she said. "All they cared about was a stupid DVD player," she said. Maybe you remember Stanford biologist Paul Ehrlich's famous prediction in the late 1960s that by now America would be so near starvation that we'd have food riots. The reality is exactly the opposite. We have shopping riots. Instead of panicking as the ultimate necessity of life grows so expensive that no one can afford it, Americans flip out because a product absolutely no one needs is available at a price so low that even a year ago no one would have believed it possible. Food, if anyone still cares, takes a lower proportion of our income than ever before. By odd coincidence, just as the season of peak acquisitive madness grips the nation, we're being treated to a glut of TV programs about some of America's most revoltingly excessive consumers, our hyperwealthy kids. Rich Girls (MTV) follows a couple of heiresses who embark on buying orgies with the immortal cry "Let's do some damage." In Born Rich (HBO), we meet 21-year-olds who know they need never work a day in their life, and we learn of the wrenching conflicts they face, such as what one girl might have done with the $800 that she dropped in a bar the other night ("I could have bought a dress!"). The Simple Life (Fox) places Paris Hilton (hotel money) and Nicole Richie (daughter of former pop star Lionel Richie) in a tiny Arkansas town so that we can marvel at their cluelessness about real life; Richie, for example, had never pumped gas "because my guard usually does that." What's your reaction? Laughing? Loathing? Finebut be careful. Because the truth is, if average Americans of even 30 to 40 years ago could see us today, they'd think we were all spoiled just as rotten as any young Trump, Newhouse, or Bloomberg. You know it's true. How many televisions do you have? Do you even know? How many channels do you get? Do your kids refuse to watch black-and-white programs? No one had a VCR in 1970. Now 240 million of us do, but VCRs are history now that Wal-Mart is selling DVD players for $29. If anyone had told you in 1980 that today you'd use a cellphone the size of a cigarette pack to call someone else's cellphone in Sao Pauloand would complain about the connectionwould you have believed him? How big is your house? The average new house is 34% bigger than it was in 1970. Yet despite that supersizing, more people own their homes today than ever in our history. No, I'm not overlooking the poor, especially at this time of year. They are indeed always with us, but not the way they used to be. Some 21% of U.S. families were poor in 1960, while in 2001, the latest year for which figures are available, just 10% were. And those official statistics exclude the value of noncash government benefits like food stamps and Medicaid, which didn't exist in 1960. That's why some economists estimate that today's real poverty rate is much less than officially reported, maybe only half. Malnutrition was still a major concern in the 1960s. Today's crisis is very differentobesity. That's a problem of national excess on an unprecedented scale. The consumer culture has achieved total victory. We spend more and save less than ever before. We are richer, fatter, and more obsessed by consumption than any people have ever been. So let's enjoy gawking at the rich kids on television. It really is fun. But let's also confront the new reality: With precious few exceptions (and home videos aside), we are all Paris Hilton.

 ever wonder how much blood is pumping through you? just take 7% of your weight in kilograms: 0.07(weight in lb./2.2) = your blood volume in liters. multiply it by 1.06 if you want it in quarts...

 the dodgers are finally making some moves this offseason. the kevin brown trade just became official and they traded for juan encarnacion earlier today... all i got to say is that the dodgers need offense (their offense was worse than the detroit tigers... the team that lost 73% of its games), and these trades help a lot. the encarnacion trade provides direct offensive help, whereas the brown trade allows financial maneuverability so they can trade for nomar or sign vlad or tejada. the weirdest rumor i heard today was that the dodgers were going after maddux... it's weird because why would a team so strong in pitching yet so bereft of hitters sign another pitcher? unless they plan on trading off more of their starting pitchers... these next couple of weeks will be very interesting to watch.

 helpful tips from an unlicensed medical source: appendicitis is when you have diffuse or periumbilical abdominal pain that then localizes to the right lower quadrant of your abdomen. pain and fever precedes nausea and vomiting. if the pain spontaneously relieves itself, the appendix has perforated and you could then have hemorrhage or sepsis. gastroenteritis is when you have diffuse or epigastric abdominal pain that does not migrate. vomiting and nausea precedes pain. cholecystitis (inflammation of the gall bladder) is when you have right upper quadrant abdominal pain that intensifies approximately 30 minutes after a meal. color of sputum (mucousy stuff you cough up) correlates with the type of infection: white/clear-most viruses, green/yellow-influenza or bacterial, blood-tuberculosis. get a rectal exam when you're bleeding out of your ass or you haven't crapped in 7 days. and i got a lot more if you like...

 here's my fantasy christmas list... (in no particular order) 1) Urology residency spot (assuming i'm still into it after next semester) 2) Early '90s model Ford Bronco 3) Archery set/lessons 4) New wardrobe 5) Snow 6) Plasma TV 7) TiVo 8) Soulmate and i left off "winning the lotto," "supermodel threesome," and "world peace" because, well, that's what i want every day... ok i don't think that much about world peace

 learn from your parents' mistakes... use birth control.

 GirlFriend 1.0 - Software Helpline Excerpt I'm currently running the latest version of GirlFriend and I've been having some problems lately. I've been running the same version of DrinkingBuddies 1.0 forever as my primary application, and all the GirlFriend releases I've tried have always conflicted with it. I hear that DrinkingBuddies won't crash if GirlFriend is run in background mode and the sound is turned off. But I'm embarrassed to say I can't find the switch to turn the sound off. I just run them separately, and it works okay. GirlFriend also seems to have a problem co-existing with my Golf program, often trying to abort Golf with some sort of timing incompatibility. I probably should have stayed with GirlFriend 1.0, but I thought I might see better performance from GirlFriend 2.0. After months of conflicts and other problems, I consulted a friend who has had experience with GirlFriend 2.0. He said I probably didn't have enough cache to run GirlFriend 2.0, and eventually it would require a Token Ring to run properly. He was right - as soon as I purged my cache, it uninstalled itself. Shortly after that, I installed GirlFriend 3.0 beta. All the bugs were supposed to be gone, but the first time I used it, it gave me a virus anyway. I had to clean out my whole system and shutdown for a while. I very cautiously upgraded to GirlFriend 4.0. This time I used a SCSI probe first and also installed a virus protection program. It worked okay for a while until I discovered that GirlFriend 1.0 was still in my system. I tried running GirlFriend 1.0 again with GirlFriend 4.0 still installed, but GirlFriend 4.0 has a feature I didn't know about that automatically senses the presence of any other version of GirlFriend and communicates with it in some way, which results in the immediate removal of both versions. The version I have now works pretty well, but there are still some problems. Like all versions of GirlFriend, it is in some obscure language that I can't understand, much less reprogram. Frankly I think there is too much attention paid to the look and feel rather than the desired functionality. Also, to get the best connections with your hardware, you usually have to use gold-plated contacts. And I've never liked how GirlFriend was totally ''object-oriented.'' A year ago, a friend of mine upgraded his version of GirlFriend to GirlFriendPlus 1.0, which is a Terminate and Stay Resident version of GirlFriend. He discovered that GirlFriendPlus 1.0 expires within a year if you don't upgrade to Fiancee 1.0. So he did, but soon after that, he had to upgrade to Wife 1.0, which he describes as a huge resource hog. It has taken up all his space, so he can't load anything else. One of the primary reasons he decided to go with Wife 1.0 was because it came bundled with FreeSexPlus. Well, it turns out the resource allocation module of Wife 1.0 sometimes prohibits access to FreeSexPlus, particularly the new Plug-Ins he wanted to try. On top of that, Wife 1.0 must be running on a well warmed-up system before he can do anything. Although he did not ask for it, Wife 1.0 came with MotherInLaw, which has an automatic pop-up feature he can't turn off. I told him to try installing Mistress 1.0, but he said he heard if you try to run it without first uninstalling Wife 1.0, Wife 1.0 will delete MSMoney files before doing the uninstall itself. Then Mistress 1.0 won't install anyway because of insufficient resources.

 i'm gonna tell you straight up, the joke i'm about to post is mean-spirited and makes me feel like an ass but it's still funny: how does helen keller drive? with one hand on the wheel, the other hand on the road

 i hate buying gifts for people. not because i'm a dick and only like receiving presents, it's that it's such a pain in the ass to find gifts for some people. like my buddy dave here, the man has practically everything and has the money to get whatever he doesn't have yet. so every year we frantically think of something to get him... last year it was a leatherman knife and some wood (for carving/whittling) and the year before it was an electronic dartboard. this year, i was thinking the electric nose-hair trimmer or the electronic breath alcohol content analyzer from sharper image but they're both expensive. and to add another stress to my gift-buying mind this year, i still got to get scott something for his wedding... damn.

 anesthesia's going pretty well and is rather enjoyable, but only those times when they let you do stuff such as yesterday when i was at olive view (the county hospital in ventura county). they don't have any anesthesia residents up there, so as a med student i got to do practically everything. i intubated 5 patients, started an arterial line, was doing pre-op evaluations, and drawing up and injecting meds. i don't think i could do this as a career though (i don't like being the surgeon's bitch), but learning how to intubate is a skill that is worth having... it's not that difficult either. you just wait until the patient is medically paralyzed, then you open their mouth, insert the laryngoscope, see the vocal cords, insert the endotracheal tube, and voila... just make sure that you don't stick the tube too far in that it goes into the right mainstem bronchus and that you didn't accidently put it in the esophagus. but what i really enjoy the most about this rotation is the fact that you can leave practically whenever you want. i left monday at 3, tuesday at noon, wednesday at 3, and now i'm just sitting in the computer lab until 1:30 (that's when the anesthesia pre-op clinic starts)... so good times. especially when my exam is next week

 one last post before i start studying: i saw a patient die on the table today. i'm on anesthesia, and the patient was a 42 year old woman who was brain dead and she was an organ donor. so as i watched the surgeons harvest her liver, i also watched as her heart beat and EKG deteriorated (intentionally, of course) and her blood pressure go to zero. it was a good learning experience since if this was a normal patient the anesthesiologist would have been shitting his pants and frantically injecting epinephrine and atropine, only stopping to shock her. but it was still unnerving to look over and see this poor woman's abdomen and chest opened to the world, yet packed in ice. i feel sorry for her and her family, but i'm happy for whomever is getting her liver... so word to you all: sign up to be an organ donor. it's not like you'll need them once you're done...

 i was thinking about my wardrobe, and i've come to the conclusion i need to redo a lot of it. i'm tired of the same faux-skater style and i'm leaning more towards the preppy-skater style. so like more dark-colored jeans, less cargo pants, and more t-shirts that are only one color... oh, and dress shirts that i buy from the thrift store, just with the sleeves rolled up. now i just need some new skate shoes, a dickies jacket, and a puma running jacket...

 After spending time with Eve, Adam was walking in the Garden with God. Adam told God how much the woman means to him and how blessed he feels to have her. Adam began to ask questions about her. Adam: Lord, Eve is beautiful. Why did you make her so beautiful? God: So you will always want to look at her. Adam: Lord, her skin is so soft. Why did you make her skin so soft? God: So you will always want to touch her. Adam: She always smells so good. Lord, why did you make her smell so good? God: So you will always want to be near her. Adam: That's wonderful Lord, and I don't want to seem ungrateful, but why did you make her so stupid? God: So she would love you. i always liked blogs that offend men and women alike...

 ever wish you had an inoperable brain tumor? yea, me neither...

 Angela Bridges filed a lawsuit in June against the Washington County (Ga.) Regional Medical Center and a doctor for failing to clean her wound properly. She fell into some shrubbery in her yard in 2002, cut her leg, and reported to the emergency room for cleaning and suturing. Nine months later, another physician found that a small boxwood twig, with five thriving green leaves, had broken through the sutured skin. [Sandersville Progress, 7-23-03] In October, North Korea's official news agency reported that Japan had broken a promise to return five people to North Korea. The five are Japanese citizens who were kidnapped by North Korea in 1978 but released to see their families in October 2002. North Korea's position is that they were released only temporarily and must be returned to North Korea. [Japan Today-Kyodo News, 10-19-03] A bank robber who had forgotten to cut eye holes in his mask (and who kept lifting it to peek out) nonetheless escaped with his loot but not before banging into a steel door frame on his way out (Modesto, Calif.). [Modesto Bee, 11-19-03]

 i just finished urology, and quite honestly, i enjoyed it the most of any of my surgical rotations so far. i don't know if it was because the residents were awesome or i enjoyed the surgeries or anything for that matter. but i did decide to switch my preceptor (the physician i follow every two weeks in his clinic in an area i am interested in) from plastic surgery (i had selected just general surgery and they assigned me plastics) to pathology with a back-up in urology. i figure after my first path preceptor day, if i really like it, then i'll stay and do path; if i hate it, i'll switch to urology. either way, this is a way for me to weasel my way into a residency position...

 primates are the only group of mammals that can rotate their forearms

 be careful this holiday season... do not drink and drive cattle

 also failed to mention that yesterday we got a consult from the ER because a woman was complaining about hematuria (i.e. bloody urine). so we got a CT of her abdomen and pelvis, and lo' and behold there was a bright foreign object in her bladder... so we did the next step: got a plain X-ray of her pelvis. well, there was something there alright. apparently, she had a urlLink seam ripper up inside her... but capped, of course. her story was that she was really drunk at a bar the night before, got picked up by a strange man, and right before they were about to have sex, he may or may not have put something inside her. now as she's saying this, her husband is sitting right next to her!!! but when my chief resident scoped her bladder and removed it, you could see the development of bladder stones on it... so it had actually had been up there for over month, and most likely she put it up there herself. some crazy people in this world...

 failed to mention i'm attempting a vodka infusion that no one will drink straight up. it contains 2 jalapenos, 4 superchilies (that's what they were called when we bought the plant from home depot), some cilantro, and a lime... this was all placed in a mason jar and covered with smirnoff. just waft the fumes near your face and you can smell the spicyness... i've only taken a 1 mL "shot" of it, and it's one of the spiciest things i've ever had. i think it'll be best in a bloody mary...

 i'm on urology now, and i saw the most disgusting and disturbing thing ever... let me preface this by saying how important foreskin cleaning is (that is, if you still have your foreskin) in terms of preventing penile cancer. this is important because the area between the foreskin and the head of the penis traps chemicals and irritants that cause penile cancer. in scandinavia, where no one is circumcised, every male meticulously cleans the area between the foreskin and the head of the penis... therefore, the incidence of penile cancer there is very small. in israel, where everyone is circumcised, no one get penile cancer because there's no way to trap carcinogens. however, in africa, asia, and latin america, penile cancer is very common. i'm saying this all because i saw a guy today with the largest penile tumor i have ever seen (it's also the first penile tumor i've ever seen)... it's so destructive that it looks as if the head of his penis is about to fall off. what's his prize for this delightful tumor? radical penectomy. that's right, we're going to chop his dork off...

 1) i'm glad i'm not the one marrying kristin 2) she's whiny because that's all she ever did whenever we were dating or weren't dating... hell, at the formal (we went only as friends), she whined about her parents the whole time 3) she's frigid because she's ultra-conservative... for a long time she felt that the first boy she kissed was going to be the man she married. 4) regardless of how many years i've not been interested in her, there's still that feeling amongst others that i'm just longing to go back to her. and the more i say i'm not interested in her, the more people believe the opposite. it's that whole situation of "you're in denial," "no, i'm not," "see, i told you you're in denial." believe me... the more i got to know her, the more i realized she was exactly what i didn't want in a woman. 5) i'm more shocked that she's getting married at this age to a man who already has three kids 6) THIS BLOG GETS THE COMMENTS!?!? nothing about gay's island: dick's last resort or the christmas porno of your choice? damn... i'm gonna have reevaluate my whole blog now... but regardless of what bullshit i write, it still breaks down to the fact that a girl that i was interested in found the man that she's going to spend the rest of their life with, and that man wasn't me. i don't wish it was me, but at the same time i'd be lying if i said it didn't hurt a little. plus it also shows how my career path has forced me into a land where i don't get to do every bit of living that i wish i was doing... that other people get to enjoy life. i have a good 6 years before life becomes what i want it to be... so let's all move on in the discussion onto more pertinent matters. like vinicio suggested earlier, VODKA!!!

 so my right eye has been blurry for the last couple of years, while my left eye has slowly caught up. i got my first ever eye exam today (complete with eye dilation) and turns out, i need glasses. well, they're optional and for only at night. i was hoping i'd get a monocle, but i guess they don't offer those anymore. oh well...

 urlLink unbelievable that he only got manslaughter (which sounds a lot worse than murder)

 my experience with blogs has been this: no one uses them in the same manner as anyone else. by this i mean, what i blog about differs in terms of content, context, emotion, and sincerity than say john blogs about or vinicio or chris. john blogs about politics, his faith, his latest adventure with a lot people who i know nothing about, and the struggles he encounters with school, family, and career. vinicio used to post about politics and social issues, but now he talks about what girl he's partying with now and what scheme he's got brewing in the twisted yet creative head of his. chris has chronicled his job, his relationship, and the anecdotes he has going on. in contrast, i'm a bit more random (or so i'd like to think). i talk about areas of science that intrigue me, baseball, the on-goings in my life, inane trivia, rants against things that i believe are stupid, and quite often, shit that i've either plagiarized or modified to my own taste because it's frickin' hilarious. i mean, look at the last couple of posts i've done. i talked about words that i'm using, the dodgers, sunbathers' vs. swimmers' romantic issues, etymology of the months, toes jealous of fingers, and going back in time. i'm not saying that my blog is better than the 3 i mentioned, because they're all great since they provide insight into each other's lives during a time when we don't get to hang out nearly as much as we should. but what i am saying is that you can't base your impression of john, vinicio, chris, or myself on what we blog. these posts are snapshots of time in which our sentiments and state of mind differ from one post to the next. i've had posts where i'm infuriated and go off on a topic ad nauseum (see my post on why free HIV drugs are a bad idea) or where i'm GOOFING OFF and it's obvious by my semantics (see last post). but some people have taken everything i've posted on this glorious blog of mine to be the honest expression of my heart. to which i say, "are you serious?" i mean, when i wished my blog a happy birthday, don't think i meant it with the same sincerity that i have when i talk about the looming career decision i about to make. afterall, it should be quite easy to tell which posts are facetious and which are sincere...

 i've decided to start using less-commonly-used words and even neologisms of my own (and others') creation. like mellifluous, fagtastic, or nerditude (thanks vinicio)... wow, i need to get laid

 well, the dodgers sale was just approved to one Frank McCourt. and i don't know what to make of it. Fox (as in the television network) was just starting to make the right moves in terms of re-establishing the farm system and getting the dodgers back to how they work best: pitching. however, their control of the dodgers has been a headache, seeing as they traded away mike piazza and brought in a number of horrible players (carlos perez comes to mind). but this Frank McCourt... i dunno. he was unable to buy the red sox (they eventually went for $700 mil), but he also was unable to buy the angels (which sold for $180 mil). so he's somehow able to purchase the dodgers for $430 mil? this doesn't make sense to me. true, the final deal ended up with him purchasing 52% of the team for $230 mil, but the rumors are that he bought it mostly with loans. i mean, this is a guy who isn't on forbes richest list trying to buy a team with a lot of extras solely on loans. my understanding is that his only asset is a couple waterfront acres in a ritzy part of boston that is worth a lot of money... except that they're undeveloped. so this sale could end up being great for the dodgers or, as i anticipate, rip-your-prostate-out horrible. which brings me to my goal in life: i will own the dodgers (or at least a good part of it). i don't know how, but i will own them.

 Monkeys Show Males Think Hard About Sex - Really WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Some people may joke that men don't think with their heads when it comes to sex, but a study in monkeys suggests the brain plays a significant role in the decision to mate, researchers reported on Wednesday. Brain scans of tiny marmoset monkeys show a lot of thought goes into choosing mates, the team at the University of Wisconsin-Madison said. They used functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fMRI, to look at the brain functions of the Brazilian (news - web sites) monkeys. Writing in the Journal of Magnetic Resonance Imaging, they said the brains became busy when the monkeys smelled sexy scents. "We were surprised to observe high levels of neural activity in areas of the brain important for decision-making, as well as in purely sexual arousal areas, in response to olfactory cues," psychology professor Charles Snowdon said in a statement. "Lighting up far more brightly than we expected were areas associated with decision-making and memory, emotional processing and reward, and cognitive control." Like people, common marmosets live in family groups and do not mate freely with one another. They must make careful choices. Snowdon's team studied four male marmosets, offering them gland secretion samples from females at or close to ovulation. They also let the monkeys smell samples from females whose ovaries had been removed, and who therefore were not fertile and, presumably, not sexy. The researchers were surprised to see how much more of the animals' brain lit up when they smelled the samples from fertile females -- including areas of complex, cognitive reasoning. "This is the first time anyone has imaged an awake nonhuman primate in response to emotionally arousing stimuli. It is also the first link between external sexual odors and the internal sexual arousal system," Snowdon said. "This opens up a whole new field of research possibilities." He said the marmoset data corresponded surprisingly closely to human fMRI studies. to this i respond: well, duh

 i was surprised to find out that cypress high's boys' basketball team is ranked number one in orange county... interesting

 Sex researchers undertook studies on the beach to learn that frequent swimmers also tend to be much more active than sunbathers in romantic matters

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY PETE!!! so yea, my roommate's bday is today and to celebrate we went down to lucky strike bowling alley at the block last night. it's a pretty trendy place (i.e. expensive) but it has a great atmosphere... it's a bowling alley/sports bar/pool hall/restaurant. oh, and there's big screen tvs in front of all the lanes, so you watch tv while you bowl. but i had a few too many to drink, bowled my way into 2nd place of 12 (i got a fantastic 125), and got a chick's number... to continue the celebration, pete, his gf's brother, and i went up to summit since he gets in free for his bday. the conditions were alright and it wasn't too crowded, but it started to snow around 3 so that's when we took off. all and all, a good couple of days...

 Sons I gave birth to are 'unrelated' to me By Roger Highfield One human chimera came to light when a 52-year-old woman demanded an explanation from doctors after tests showed that two of her three grown-up sons were biologically unrelated to her. Although the woman conceived them naturally with her husband, tests to see if she could donate a kidney suggested that somehow she had given birth to somebody else's children. A study in the New England Journal of Medicine by Dr Margot Kruskall, of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Centre in Boston, Massachusetts, showed that she is a chimera, a mixture of two individuals - non-identical twin sisters - whose cells intermingled in the womb and grew into a single body. Dr Kruskall believes the most likely explanation is that Jane's mother conceived non-identical twin girls, who fused at an early stage of the pregnancy to form a single embryo, according to a report published today in New Scientist. For some reason, cells from only one twin dominate in Jane's blood - used for tissue-typing. In her other tissues, however, including her ovaries, cells of both twins live amicably alongside each other, hence the apparently impossible genetics of her three sons. One son came from an egg derived from the twin whose cells dominate Jane's blood, while his brothers came from eggs derived from the other twin's cells. Around 30 similar instances of chimerism have been reported, and there are probably many more who will never discover their unusual origins. Most chimeras probably go through life unaware of their unusual constitution. wow... i just read the NEJM article about her case and DAMN!!!! the article also mentioned a chimeric man whose blood lines were mostly male, but had a small percentage that were female. what's scary about all this is that any one of us could be a chimera and not know it. hell, you could have down syndrome from the waist down for all we know...

 failed to mention that dave, daniel, chris, and i are going down to mexico for spring break. we will embark on a fabulous 7-day cruise of the pacific ocean, leaving from long beach and stopping in puerto vallarta, mazatlan, and cabo san lucas. hopefully, there'll be plenty of hotties to mingle with...

 why do people who claim they have had past lives have always been royalty of some sort? i mean, statistically you're more likely to have been a peasant who died because of tuberculosis, the plague, or dysentery, or you died when your village was pillaged by a band of vikings or monguls. but no, instead you were an egyptian princess who died in a lover's triangle or some bullshit like that... morons

 ever wonder if your toes are jealous of your fingers because they get to point at things?

 i'm going to give you a piece of advice that my grandfather told me when i graduated college: if you ever go back in time, don't touch anything. even the slightest change could have drastic consequences for the future. wait, that was an episode of the simpsons. damn tv!!! you've ruined my ability to... um... oooh, monster garage is on

 i had an interesting night last night. after hanging out with pete and his gf's sister (courtney) at a bar in fullerton, courtney and i went back to her dad's house and we ended up watching a movie until the wee hours of the morn. but when i left, i noticed a black plume of smoke coming from the direction of el dorado high school, which is about two blocks from her dad's house. so i drive behind the school and i see a couple flames in between two buildings... i wasn't sure if it was a building or a dumpster on fire, so i decided to drive to the front of the school so i could see if the fire dept. was there yet. when i got to the front of the school, i noticed that not only were no fire trucks at the school but on the same street as the high school there's a fire station. i tried to get a better look at the fire, but my view was still obstructed and i could see that the flames, while not coming from a main building, were awfully close to what looked like the administration building. so i called 911 and waited for the fire trucks to roll up before i took off. it probably was just a dumpster, but i feel good about myself... although i doubt the kids that attend el dorado don't feel so great about me calling 911.

 i'm a nerd, i know. and as such, i like learning the etymology (i.e. origin) of english words. like i said, i'm a nerd. so i spent some time today figuring out how the months of the year got their names. not surprising, all of the months were borrowed from Latin via French due to the Norman Invasion of England in 1066 (remember William the Conqueror?). so the following list consists of the current month, what it means, and what month it replaced in Old English: January means: Month of Janus--God of endings and beginnings replaced: Later Yule--Yule is a pagan winter holiday of feasting later replaced by Christmas February means: Month of Purification--Roman feast of purification replaced: Mud month March means: Month of Mars--God of war replaced: Active, Ready Month April means: Month of Aphrodite--Goddess of love replaced: Easter Month--Easter is a pagan goddess of fertility May means: Month of Maya--Goddess of Earth replaced: Three milk--Month in which cows can be milked three times a day June means: Month of Juno--Goddess of women and marriage replaced: Earlier Mildness--Reference to England's summers July means: Month of Julius--Named in honor of Julius Caesar replaced: Later Mildness August means: Month of Augustus--Named in honor of Augustus Caesar replaced: Weed Month September means: Seventh Month--Roman calendars started in March replaced: Harvest Month October Means: Eighth Month replaced: Winter feast November means: Ninth Month replaced: Blood Month--Month of animal sacrifice December means: Tenth Month replaced: Earlier Yule

 let us rejoice that we learned a lot today. and if we didn't learn a lot today, that we learned a little. or if we didn't learn anything, that we didn't get sick; or if we got sick, that we didn't die. so we should all rejoice...

 just got back from the improv and damn, was it great!! we saw drew carey, ryan stiles, and a bunch of people from "whose line is it anyway?" and it was so hilarious. considering they're at the improv at every thursday, i'm thinking of going more often...

 while i said i didn't enjoy certain aspects of surgery, i'd still go into it. however, there's no fucking way i'm doing internal medicine. i'm on the outpatient portion of it, so all i'm doing is clinic. i had a patient today who complained of pain in every fucking joint and almost started to whine during the physical exam. and it's not like she had obvious signs of arthritis or trauma... she just hurt. so we gave her the diagnosis of fibromyalgia: basically she's got so many complaints (in addition to her psych issues) that we gave her this bullshit of a diagnosis. (this diagnosis is basically for those people that we have no idea what is causing their pain). but as i was talking to her, she was just rambling on and on and on about this, about that... and then she'd think of another thing that was bothering her!!! AAARRRGGGHHH!!! so i'm basically figuring out what the hell i want to do. here's the tentative list (in descending order): 1) urology--i'm gonna have to do research to get this one 2) pathology--i would have put it first, but i want to see what it's like before i put it at the top of the list 3) general surgery--i'd have to do it at uci or harbor... no fucking way i'm doing it at ucla 4) pediatrics--not too intense, it's a crash course in medicine. but i'd have to specialize afterwards 5) family medicine--haven't done it yet, but i figure i'd specialize in sports medicine or just set up shop near the beach 6) internal medicine--oh god. i'd have to try to find a low-key residency and then try to specialize. very unlikely though, especially since i hate long soap notes (i.e. patient documentation notes) X) neurology, psych, ob/gyn--no fucking way is this shit happening...

 ever notice that if you ask a girl what she looks for in a man, she always says something like "a humorous, intelligent, hard-working, attractive man that i have a lot in common with"... well, that's what comes out of their mouth. but if you use altavista's babel fish translator (just set it to translate from women to men), it reads as "rich, has a nice car, has a nice home, supermodel-eque boytoy that lets me spend whatever i want." however, regardless of whatever a guy tells you he's looking for in a girl, it always translates to "a hot chick who will let me have sex with her and will cook for me and do my laundry"

 i don't hold anything against cows. i like cows. ok, i do hold one thing against cows... i hold buns against them.

 i was wondering why it was taking so long for me to get my financial aid: apparently i was mistakenly not charged any fees for this semester, so i didn't get any financial aid direct deposited into my account right before school started up again. but i went to the financial aid office today and got everything cleared up, so now i have to wait 3-4 business days before i actually receive my cash. damn i hate ucla. on a (not so) related note, john pointed out that the ad on top of my blog has as related searches pubic shaving and pubic hair removal... what the fuck is going on with my life?

 making drunken calls to girls you like are fun and are quite productive... now if i can only remember what i said

 damn it... those angels are at it again. they just signed vlad guerrero (the best free-agent hitter available this offseason), and i think they're the favorite to win the division and have a great chance of making the world series. i'm happy for them, it's just that while the angels bolstered their offense and pitching my beloved dodgers traded their best pitcher and signed a guy who was fired by the yankees... oh well

 well, my parents house almost caught on fire and even being the pyro that i am, i honestly had nothing to do with it. my mom noticed that the garage was warmer than normal, so she had my uncle pull back the dryer because the heat seemed to be emanating from it. when he did, flames shot out from behind the dryer and the garage quickly filled with smoke. my uncle tried to put out the fire with our fire extinguisher, but it had no pressure. so my sister's friend grabbed the tea kettle and dumped it on the fire, saving our garage. what we think happened was that there was an electrical short and a small fire started underneath. when my uncle pulled back the dryer, that increased the flow of oxygen to the fire and it ignited the lint and dust that had accumulated behind the dryer. so luckily my house was saved. but while i didn't cause the fire, i'm partly responsible for the fire extinguisher not working. about two years or so ago, i sorta sprayed my brother with it in our backyard...

 I am a nobody, and nobody is perfect; therefore I am perfect Everyday I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I've stayed alive

 also forgot to mention that a patient came into clinic today with a Q-Tip stuck in her ear. now she didn't walk in with the Q-Tip stick hanging out of her ear, only the cotton portion was stuck inside her. so i had the glorious job of getting it out. but since i'm on a medicine rotation, they pussied out and made me flush it out with saline as opposed to forceps (which i would have used had this been a surgical rotation). it took me a couple tries but i eventually got the cotton out of her ear... life's great

 i can't believe i forgot to post this yesterday: i saw a patient at the LA Free Clinic over by the beverly center who has some psychiatric issues that i didn't feel like going into, but let's just leave it at this... she thought she was going to spontaneously combust because her farts started to smell like smoke. crazy people are everywhere i tells ya!!

 no satisfaction is greater than ditching out on clinic... oh wait, i can think of a couple that are better. mmm, taffy...

 first "real" day of the rotation... very tiring, very boring. but i start at 8 and get out by 5 (or earlier)... so i'm going to try to work some exercise in. i wouldn't call it a new year's resolution, because i'd then be more apt to not do it...

 The "bald" in "bald eagle" is short for "piebald" - black and white

 How was your first day working for the new guy? Well, let's just say I need to wind down. I just lit some candles and filled the bath. With bubble bath? With vodka. It's one big martini and I'm going to bob for olives.

 first day of my outpatient internal medicine rotation (it's a block that's combined with family medicine). i'm again at cedars, which is nice, but what's even nicer is today. we had a half day orientation at ucla from 8:30 to 12, after which we were supposed to go to our site for our rotation. that is, except for me. i got an email saying my orientation for cedars itself is tuesday at 8am. so while all my other classmates are working hard, i'm chilling in my apartment contemplating just where i should nap... good times.

 made it to today in the current flu season without being sick... pretty good if i do say so myself. but i'm not feeling so hot now... but at least i get to transmit it to all the patients i'll be seeing come monday....

 went snowboarding yesterday... it was supposed to be in mammoth, but the road was closed due to traffic accidents and snow. so pete, his brother, dave, john, and i went up to summit instead and boarded for 4 hours in good snow, but not-so-good rain. yea, we were all drenched. so now i'm just chilling in my room, getting it cleaned up, and packing all my crap up so i can go back to my apartment seeing as school starts on monday... damn, i need another week off

 HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!... not so loud please, this hangover is killer

 Happy Leap Year Day!!!

 my will to study any further is deader than the cat that i'm sitting on

 the power of Ben compels you. (repeat as needed until you get my drift, then give me a call)

 urlLink NNNOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!

 cap'n red beard over here really needs to stop procrastinating and get back to studying...

 i was very anxious about reading my surgery evaluation, mainly because there were a lot of times where i felt i could have done better by reading more or knowing my patients better, not to mention that i want to do surgery. but i frickin' got an awesome eval, so i'm all smiles... now back to the drudgery that is family medicine

 just finished my powerpoint presentation for tomorrow... it's about lead poisoning. so as any true simpsons fan should, i entitled it "Lead Paint: Delicious But Deadly" after one of the documentaries Troy McClure was also seen in...

 In a 1999 episode of "The Simpsons," Homer became a temporary multibillionaire by accidentally inventing a "tomacco" plant that sprouted tobacco-bred tomatoes that were hopelessly addictive from even a single bite. Inspired (and hoping to draw attention to the show's anti-smoking message), Rob Baur of Lake Oswego, Ore., tried to grow such a plant and has somewhat succeeded, although a forensic researcher believes that only the plant itself, and not the fruit, contains nicotine. In February, he announced that he would auction off the golf-ball-sized fruit.

 very hectic week up ahead, so all this stress plus stress i already have because i'm constantly thinking about next year plus some seasonal depression equals bad times. oh well, i guess i'll just have to hunker down and try to delay procrastinating as much as possible... as if that could happen.

 ok, the nerditude of this blog is about to increase 3 fold. we've all seen in cartoons or tv shows (maybe even outside of tv, in... what's it called? oh yea, real life) the signs that read "Ye Olde Bakery" or "Ye Olde Sandwich Shoppe" or what-have-you. well, if you read it as it's written the first word starts with a Y. but that's only because we're going off of modern typeset and sounds. english used to have two ways of writing the TH sound... neither of which was TH. one letter was while the other was . the former represented a hard TH, while the latter a soft TH. the was the first to go with the modernization of english, whereas persisted well into the 1600s and 1700s but only in the beginning of words (i.e. e [the] versus math). well, when moveable typeface came on the scene, it wasn't cost efficient to produce a piece because it was not used so much. so they just substituted a Y for because at that time, most of the Ys in words were shown as Js (e.g. fjord). so what should read as "The Olde Brothel" came out as "Ye Olde Brothel." but eventually J took up it's modern-day sound, as did Y, and TH took over...

 what does snoop dogg use to wash his laundry?... blea-otch

 urlLink Hundreds of coins found in patient's belly

 i was all set on ditching clinic this afternoon, when lo and behold i was already excused for the afternoon... so now i'm going to ditch tomorrow afternoon instead

 i just had the best idea for how "my big fat obnoxious fiance" should end... her family should be in on it too!!!! that would be hilarious!!! then only she looks like a fool in front of millions of viewers... although i wouldn't be surprised if that's how it's going to end regardless

 i know i've mentioned what rotations i want to take next year, but now i'm actually going through our handbook and seeing what i want to do. i plan on doing an away rotation at uci since i would love to get a residency there and i know a couple rotations that i want to do at harbor and ucla, but i'm not sure just how hard of a schedule i should give myself...

 so back on earth, life has returned to normal. bought some new shoes today, along with two new shirts i got at kohl's for $10 each... and they're nice shirts (normally like $40). but there's not much selection left... ok, i can't believe i'm talking about shopping. oh yea, i bought my own tuning kit for my snowboard since i didn't want to wait until the next time i meet up with dave. so my board's got a nice shiny coating of wax... now i just need to get to the mountains

 someone's a little vindictive... but no, i don't think there's any question as to how mature this person is. i guess that's the last time i ever hook up with a stalker... seriously though, you'd think 2 months is enough time to get over a 1 month relationship

 romance is a pain for guys who have no game... which explains a lot for me.

 the following is different from what's normal on my blog and oddly enough, i got it from south park. people often forget what being a christian is about: using the bible to develop a relationship with god. you see, the bible is just stories... stories meant to help guide people in the right direction. love your neighbor, be a good person... that's it. and when you start turning the stories into literal translations of hierarchies and power, you end up with something very different from what the disciples started. people are losing faith because they don't see how what christianity has become applies to them. they've lost touch with any idea of any kind of religion and when they have no mythology to try and live their lives by, they just start spewing a bunch of crap out of their mouths. look, i'm proud to be a christian... but i'm a christian in the real world, in today's world. maybe it's time for you all to do that too. it's time for change. i mean, you don't have to believe every word of the bible, they're just stories to help us live by. you don't need to toss away the lessons of the bible just because some assholes in the south and in italy messed things up. so don't think that you have to go to church, but that you get to.

 i love laughing at my own blog, and i really like my new slogan (to the left of this message, above the chatterbox but below "the story of nothing")

 Production bosses are finally bringing The Simpsons to the big screen after years of trying - but they're refusing to divulge any details about the project. According to creator and writer James L Brooks, an idea has been accepted which will see the family from the hit TV series - Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie - hit the big screen in the next few years. But As Good As It Gets director Brooks is keen to keep the project under wraps, because it's only in its infant stage. He says, "We've got a very good and interesting idea, and it's different from the show. You know, it's like the South Park movie where it's just a bigger, longer, amplified version of the show. I can't tell you anything specific about it. My wife doesn't even know the secret." Fellow writer Mike Reiss adds, "It's been 13 years of wanting to do The Simpsons movie. Finally Fox said, 'Let's just do it!' We never had the greatest idea that was compelling but Fox said, 'Maybe if we start paying you, you'll get inspired.' And sure enough, it worked!"

 biggest compliment you can give someone: only fireworks can say just how special you are... keep this in mind this valentine's day

 got my glasses last week, and i've already been told by multiple people that i look smarter, older, and more doctor-like... so good times. i've also decided that i will become a surgeon. i'm going to go for general surgery, and then see if i want to specialize afterwards. i spent a few hours in a path lab last week and i got along best with the attendings, not the residents. this is because pathology used to be the most desirable residency, so you got plenty of smart yet cool guys going into it. nowadays, you get a lot of foreign medical graduates and weird people going into it. i know i'm not the most normal of people, but these people are star trek-weird... a different kind of weird from myself. so basically i fit in with the pathology of old, not of today. one last thing: i get a lot of flak for being a republican, but i've gotten used to it. and i'm not a hardcore republican either... i voted for gore in the last election and i was really looking forward to voting for dean in the upcoming election. but now that kerry has taken the lead, i know i'm not nearly as enamored by him... so we'll see.

 family medicine is boring. i saw 8 patients this morning, 6 of whom came in with cough, sore throat, and nasal congestion. all they got from me was sudafed and robitussin. i wanted to RIP MY EYES OUT!!!! what pissed me off the most was the patients that hadn't tried any meds before they came to the doctor!!! AAARRRGGGHHH!!!!

 what with kevin & bean's valentines singles party this weekend, they haven't shut up talking about it. however i was able to find out a very valuable piece of information. the night's performance will be an appearance by the dan band... they were the band at will ferrel's wedding in old school. so now i'm tempted to buy their cd...

 the darkness begins tomorrow... rick dees will no longer be the morning dj for KIIS.

 if you watched the grammy awards, did you notice that the voice-over announcers (i.e. the voices introducing the nominees) were kevin & bean?

 so pete, lauren, elizabeth, and i went out to the spectrum last night, got a nice meal at dave & buster's, then elizabeth and i went to the improv and had a pretty good evening... definitely have to do this again sometime

 i have an idea: how about, as a nation, we get over ourselves and stop talking about janet jackson's skewered teat? i mean, was it inappropriate? definitely. was it offensive? hardly. i don't understand these people saying how incredibly offended they are after seeing a flash of janet's breast. yes, i understand that children were watching, but it's not like ALL OF MANKIND doesn't have (at least) 2 nipples a piece with over 50% of the population (women make up 52% of the world) having breasts. so i don't understand the fuss. how about we all say, "hey, that was pretty funny. but maybe the halftime show isn't the place for that kind of spectacle" and we leave it at that...

 the quickest way to get a woman in bed is through her parents. sleep with them, and you're in...

 on my yahoo i saw an article entitled, "Toxic Metal Found At Uranium Plant." to which i thought, "you mean, other than the uranium?" haha... haven't actually read the article though. now that i've read it, they were talking about the beryllium found in aluminum blades. chronic beryllium exposure essentially turns your lungs into scar tissue and then gives you lung cancer, so it's quite a dangerous chemical. interestingly, they discovered the hazardous effects of beryllium in the 1940s when fluorescent lighting really took off because early fluorescent lights used beryllium and those people involved in the manufacture of the lights all developed some sort of reaction to the beryllium. but need not worry about your lights now...

 i thought i was a pretty happy man until someone told me different the other day. i mean, i go to sleep every night to the sound of my own screams and i wake up to the sound of my own screams... but does that mean i'm unhappy? oh well, i guess i'll go back to another rousing game of russian roulette...

 tell me all you know about herbal medicines and natural supplements. now tell me the science behind those supplements. that's what i thought. a lot of people have heard of numerous different types of herbal meds and supplements, but no one is really sure how they work or even if they work. sure, we always hear about the stories about how one of your coworkers takes garlic pills every morning and they haven't gotten sick in a number of years or some crap like that, but have you ever heard anything more than anecdotal evidence? well, i'm here to give you the lowdown on what i've learned so far. in 1994 congress passed the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA), which categorized certain products as "dietary supplements" that prior to 1994 were considered as foods. These products include herbal medicines, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and enzymes that weren't labelled as drugs (i.e. didn't under FDA approval), but were obviously not foodstuffs. well, the DSHEA limited what these dietary supplements could put on their labels. the labels cannot mention diagnosis, treatment, cure, or disease on the label, but could put up "structure and function" claims. for example, echinacea is for people with upper respiratory tract infections (e.g. bronchitis). however, with DSHEA you're not allowed to say terms such as upper respiratory tract infection or bronchitis. but you can say echinacea "supports the immune system" or "maintains immune function." likewise, st. john's wort is for depression, but depression is a medical illness. so the label now says it "promotes healthy moods" or "reduces the blues." this obviously can become very confusing for consumers and health care professionals because how are we supposed to know what "supports the immune system" means? another issue with dietary supplements is that there is no premarket efficacy or safety studies required by the FDA. they only check the label claims so that they fit under the "structure and function" guidelines. this also shifts the burden of proof to the FDA. the companies are saying that these products are safe until the FDA steps in and says otherwise (e.g. ephedra). one last complaint is that there are no regulatory assurances of quality control. there's no guarantee that the product contains what's on the label, there's no uniform standardization of products, and there's been reports of contamination of certain products with toxic herbs, other drug products, pesticides, and heavy metals (e.g. lead). hua fo tablets were labelled as "enhancing sexual function"... they did alright; they contained viagra. this is commonly the case with asian dietary supplements. european dietary supplements tend to be more uniform due to regulations by the EU, and they've actually done some somewhat good research on their products. one study showed that glucosamine worked just as effectively as NSAIDs (ibuprofen, piroxicam, diclofenac) in the treatment of osteoarthritis, but glucosamine took 2-3 months to be effective whereas NSAIDs took 3-4 weeks. for those of you out there with urinary retention due to an enlarged prostate, extract of saw palmetto (it's a dwarf palm tree) has been as effective as finasteride or alpha-blockers... the standard meds for benign prostatic hyperplasia. however, that's about the extent of the success stories. echinacea has been resoundingly shown to have absolutely no effect on the duration of an illness (the latest study came out in december in the Journal of the American Medical Association... the fact that it was in that journal signifies it was an excellent study). so while the FDA doesn't test quality assurances of dietary supplements, some companies do. these are independent companies that take product off the shelves and test them, and then give their seal of approval to those that live up to their word. so if you're going to waste your money on herbal medicines or other dietary supplements, buy one that has the Consumer Lab, USP, or NSF logo on it. for further free medical info, call me at my new toll-free number!!! 1-800-DOCTORB. The B is for Bargain!!!

 someone got a date for this saturday...

 so i started robbing people today... (see two posts ago for clarification)

 today was day 2 of my family medicine rotation, and it's pretty kickback. i'm basically there from 9 to 4:30 and i get to see patients on my own (but i run them by the resident or attending i'm working with)... so nothing too difficult. but it's just boring. if i had a wife and kids, i think i'd go into family medicine just so i could have a nice lifestyle. since that isn't the case, i'm still thinking surgery or pathology. i start working with a pathologist this thursday, and it couldn't be any sooner. it's nice to break the monotony that is family medicine, but i have to pick my rotations for next year and i'd like to see if path is for me before i schedule a lot of path rotations. oh well...

 Let your conscience be your guide as you wander through the trials of life, and if that doesn't work, rob people.

 today is the one year anniversary of the columbia space shuttle crash, so don't forget a moment of silence for those 7 men and women. i thought it particularly nice that the super bowl had a memorial of the crash... i know my eyes were watering when i saw that.

 The Daily Show's fake news steals ratings from the real news By Owen Thomas, Michael V. Copeland, April 2004 Issue Fake and scathing 1, fair and balanced 0. CNN and MSNBC have gotten used to losing to Fox News. But during the Democratic primaries, an unexpected foe stole the ratings crown from all three. The Daily Show With Jon Stewart, a mock news program airing on Viacom's Comedy Central, attracted more viewers at 11 p.m. than any of the cable news channels in the last two weeks of January, outdoing Fox by 20 percent even as the news network was running live campaign coverage. Stewart's fake news show has won ever-growing audiences with help from real politico guests like John McCain, Hillary Clinton, and John Edwards.

 if you are what you eat, then i'm fast, cheap, and easy

 SSSPPPRRRIIINNNGGG BBBRRREEEAAAKKK!!!!!!... well, when are we gonna get rowdy?

 just finished picking out my schedule for next year, and here's the gist of it: vascular surgery nephrology gastrointestinal surgery cardiology surgical intensive care unit anatomical pathology autopsy pathology anesthesia radiology dermatology plus i'm going to try to do a month at uci, so we'll see how that goes...

 turns out there's a holiday this friday: cesar chavez day... so my spring break starts on friday.

 my day was already pretty crappy as i was getting to my car at 5pm, but god had more in store for me. as i was trying to leave the parking structure, my car's engine completely shut off and i simply coasted to the next available parking spot. after trying to start my car for the next 10 minutes, i called my parents. my dad was at work and i couldn't get ahold of him, so i called my mom and she had me speak with my uncle. but as he tried to ask me questions about the car, with the fact that i know nothing about cars and the fact that the only good place to get reception in the parking structure was 40 feet from my car, my mom and my uncle drove up to westwood to see if he could fix the car right then and there... as my luck would have it, of course not. so we pushed my car out of the parking structure and waited 45 minutes for the tow truck. we decided to just leave the car at my apartment and tow it ourselves (using kyle's truck and a trailer from uhaul) later. this isn't as horrible as one might think because my psych rotation is at ucla and i can take the bus, plus with spring break happening over the next two weeks, i have plenty of time to get it fixed... hopefully this will provide the impetus for my parents to stop breaking those promises of getting me a new(er) car... all i know is that mexico is looking better and better by the day...

 Croutons Land Top Brain Surgeon in the Soup Mon Mar 22,11:43 AM ET LONDON (Reuters) - A leading British brain surgeon has been suspended from work following a dispute over a bowl of soup. Dr Terence Hope was sent home from the Queen's Medical Center in Nottingham, where newspapers say there is a 39-day waiting list for brain operations, after being accused of taking extra croutons without paying, hospital sources said on Monday. "A consultant was suspended following allegations surrounding his personal conduct," the hospital said in a statement. "He was due to operate today on three patients. Their surgery has had to be postponed." Hope, 57, who has been working as a neurosurgeon in Nottingham for 18 years, is an expert in traumatic brain injuries. Efforts to contact him not immediately successful. 39 days for brain surgery? and the operations get postponed over croutons?...still think socialized medicine is a good thing?

 first day of psychiatry... DAMN THESE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY!!!! which makes perfect sense, you dolt. i can't believe you'd think any different... haha. anyway, i had a real fun couple of days this weekend: yardhouse on friday, dave and busters on saturday, and more brick-laying on sunday. so my liver, my wallet, and my back are all sore and i'm just biding my time until next sunday, when i set sail for the rugged savagery of western coastal Mexico... "what? no more limes?" THE HORROR!!!!

 i drink only because you make me hate the world

 i'm done with neurology, which is nice, but that means i'm going onto psych... so shit. but i only have a week of it, then spring break, followed by the remainder of my psych rotation. i know, it's fucked up. oh well, at least i have mexico to look forward to...

 so there are three types of strokes: hemorrhagic, thrombotic, and embolic. hemorrhagic occurs when a vessel bursts and all the downstream tissue is no longer receiving oxygen; not much you can do for it in terms of treatment. thrombotic occurs when a vessel clots off and all the downstream tissue no longer receives oxygen; embolic occurs when a piece of matter (be it a blood clot or a chunk of bacteria) breaks off from some point in the arterial system and lodges in a smaller vessel, causing blood flow to stop to that area of the brain, depriving it of oxygen. the nice thing is that there is a treatment for thrombotic and embolic strokes. which is what i saw yesterday. a woman was in the cardiac catheterization lab getting worked up for her heart issues when we got called in after the cardiologists noticed she wasn't moving her right side at all (arm and leg were not moving, right side of her face was drooping and she wasn't able to speak) for the past five minutes after the procedure. however, since she was under sedation for the cardiac catherization, the last time anyone saw her move her right side was before the cardiac procedure... over an hour before. so potentially she's had this difficulty for close to an hour and a half, and the one treatment we have for stroke can only be used in the first 3 hours of a stroke. so one of the other med students and i ran her down to the CT scanner to make sure she's not bleeding in her brain (we were trying to rule out a hemorrhagic stroke... if it was a hemorrhagic stroke, then we couldn't do anything for her), and we see that she's not bleeding... so we can give the tPA (i.e. tissue plasminogen activator... dissolves blood clots). we finally get her up to the ICU, by now it's been 2 hours since she was last seen normal, and we finally get the tPA injected into her (you give 10% of the dose immediately followed by the remainder infused over the next hour). about a half hour into the infusion, she starts talking and moving her arm... amazingly she recovered function right on the spot. you might be thinking, "amazing? why is this amazing? treatments always work." BULLSHIT. head CTs and MRIs can miss 10% of head bleeds, so she could very well have had a hemorrhagic stroke but we could have been unable to see it on the scan. and not all of the other types of strokes are caused by blood clots... if she had bacterial endocarditis (a type of heart infection), a clump of bacteria could have broken up and lodged in a vessel thus causing her symptoms. and tPA would have been pointless against it. plus the time frame... we got very lucky in terms of her time frame. most stroke patients show up to the hospital over 3 hours past the onset of symptoms. which is why tPA can only be used in 10% of stroke patients at the hospital. besides, all medical treatments are a statistical treatment. all we know is that whatever treatment you're given, be it tPA, antibiotics, surgery, whathaveyou, that treatment worked better than placebo. and that's it... that's why not every treatment works for everyone, and the public has a hard time understanding that concept... it's also a huge reason why doctors get sued so often for unfavorable outcomes. so i'm astounded at how quickly she recovered, and i hope she's doing well today...

 Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! hope you got that special someone something they've always wanted... like a keg of guiness. Erin Go Braugh

 i found out two very interesting things yesterday. first off, you can prevent seizures by eating a diet that is essentially Atkins to the extreme. it involves eating only bacon and mayonnaise... and i'm not joking. you develop ketosis (the build-up of ketones in the blood), and those prevent synchronous discharges of brain waves. the only problems with this diet are liver toxicity and kidney stones, but hey it works. the other thing i learned is that you can treat depression through sleep deprivation. go to bed at 11pm, then wake up at 2am. that day, no naps at all. and voila, you're depression is cured. just don't do it too often or you can go psychotic...

 not very often that i recommend a song on here, but one of note is Ryan Adams' very moving rendition of Wonderwall... very good. and no, i don't think he's related to the canadian anti-christ Bryan Adams

 i was born with a lazy eye, but it eventually spread throughout my entire body

 if you haven't noticed, this blog is unpleasantly sexy... just like me

 i read on another blog how there's no mention of homosexuality or it being a sin in the bible... to which i have multiple replies. 1) homosexuality is not mentioned in the bible: the blog i read stated that it's not mentioned in the bible because the term itself is a 19th century creation. true, the term was coined in 1892 and first used in regular lexicon in 1912. but since the term was not in the bible, that doesn't mean that the bible didn't discuss the actions of homosexuality without specifically mentioning the term "homosexuality" 2) the bible and jesus never mention that homosexual acts are sins: right, jesus never mentioned it. but look in Leviticus 18:22, "Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination." take whatever you want from that, but i think we all know what it means. 3) there's no mention of homosexuality in the ten commandments: true, but there's no mention of freedom of speech, religion, and other rights in the constitution. we needed to add an addendum to cover those. similarly with the bible, the ten commandments provide the basic rules. it doesn't mean there aren't additional rules to follow. 4) there's other rules in the bible we don't follow: again, very true. we don't follow a lot of the rules in the bible, because we don't see how some of these rules apply to us or we simply don't care. and here's where the real discussion can begin. if you look at the other rules in leviticus, they involve not "lying" with your relatives, step-relatives, in-laws, and animals. and i think it's hard to find many a person who feels the bible erred with these rules. the bible also mentions various sacrifice laws and food restrictions, but we choose not to follow these rules. so why the hubbub with the homosexuality rule? being a straight male, i don't understand homosexuality. yes, i understand the concept of homosexuality, but i can't imagine being involved in it. this makes sense since i'm not gay... just like how a gay man can't understand being straight. afterall, homosexuality is genetic (in most cases... i won't go into the sexual-trauma-induced homosexuals as heard on loveline). their brains are setup differently than my brain is... just like how female brains are setup differently from male brains. so scientifically i understand that they have no choice... but it doesn't abate the deep-dwelling sense i have about homosexuality. and it's not like the bible talks about genetics... trying to explain genetics to people more than 2000 years ago would be unimaginably difficult. these people would probably shit themselves after they saw a cigarette lighter work, so explaining to them the genetic basis of homosexuality would be pointless. hell, trying to explain this genetic basis to people even 50 years ago would be pointless. so the homosexuality rule has stuck around because for most of humanity, homosexuality was thought of as a choice just as having sex with a sheep is a choice (although it would be incredibly funny to find that gene). and here's where i talk about the whole gay-marriage thing. i believe that a marriage should be defined as a man and a woman. i also believe that it should be a lifetime commitment between two people who truly love each other and that divorce should only be used in extreme cases. however, this is what i believe.... it's not how i think it should play out in the real world because not everyone is as levelheaded as i would like them to be. and i feel we shouldn't have so many laws that restrict the rights of individuals. so i support a woman's right to end her pregnancy if she pleases (though no third trimester abortions... that's just messed up), i support a couple's rights to get a divorce, and i support a gay's couple right to get married. i may not like the idea of gay marriage, but who am i to tell someone how to live their life (outside of my future children and patients). so i'll tolerate gay marriage, but it doesn't mean i'll approve of it... besides, it's not like straight people are doing any wonders with marriage nowadays... send those angry emails to blowme@firstamendment.com

 don't know how i forgot to mention that i saw a personalized license plate the other day that was, for once, very funny. it read, "MR PLOW". which made me wonder if "PLOW KING" is still available...

 Friedrich Nietzsche said: "Two things are wanted by a true man, danger and play - therefore, he seeks woman as the most dangerous toy." You read that Peter Minuit bought Manhattan Island for $24, but you rarely also read he was fined for it by the Dutch on a charge of extravagance.

 don't try to one up mine, and i won't try to one up yours

 Simpsons-Related Dear Abby Column Pulled Tue Mar 9 By HEATHER HOLLINGSWORTH, Associated Press Writer KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Somewhere in Springfield, state unknown, Bart Simpson is in detention, filling a chalkboard with the words "I will not write a fake letter to Dear Abby." Well, it probably wasn't Bart's handiwork, but he'd no doubt approve of the prank that forced Dear Abby's editors to pull next Monday's advice column, which included a letter that mirrored an episode of "The Simpsons." "It did sound too similar not to be a hoax," said Kathie Kerr, a spokeswoman for Kansas City-based Universal Press Syndicate. The syndicate sent the column to newspaper subscribers last week. A day later, a newspaper editor called after noticing one of the letters to Abby sounded "awfully familiar," said Sue Roush, one of the column's editors. The column is titled "Wife meets perfect match after husband strikes out." In the letter, the writer describes herself as a 34-year-old mother of three who has been married for 10 years to a man who is "greedy, selfish, inconsiderate and rude." The writer says her husband, Gene, gave her a bowling ball for her birthday complete with the holes drilled to fit his fingers and embossed with his name. Undeterred, the woman decides to learn to bowl and heads to the local lanes, where she meets another man, Franco, who is "kind, considerate and loving." They fall in love and Franco proposes. "I no longer love Gene," writes Stuck in a Love Triangle. "I want to divorce him and marry Franco. At the same time, I'm worried that Gene won't be able to move on with his life. I also think our kids would be devastated. What should I do?" After the letter raised the suspicions of the newspaper editor, Universal Press Syndicate did some research and discovered that Gene seemed a lot like Homer Simpson's thoughtless character in an episode titled "Life on the Fast Lane." In both the letter and the Simpsons episode, the husbands grow suspicious when they stumble across bowling gloves obvious gifts to their wives from the other man. In the television show, Homer responds by ineptly professing his love for Marge, who later goes to him at the nuclear power plant where he works. He lifts her up and carries her out of the plant as his co-workers watch and cheer. "Obviously, it has no basis in reality," said Fox Network spokesman Scott Grogin. Jeanne Phillips, who writes Dear Abby, told "Stuck" to tell her husband why she strayed. "To save the marriage," she wrote, "he might be willing to change back to the man who bowled you over in the first place." Phillips was traveling and her editors told The Associated Press she could not immediately be reached for comment.

 i got my car smog checked yesterday, and i was amazed at how little had to be fixed for it to pass. i also saw a very riveting, emotional movie yesterday that i had been looking forward to for quite some time and i know a lot of you out there had been looking forward to see it too... that's right, i saw starsky and hutch. it was frickin hilarious... now i just need to see the passion

 if satan were to manifest himself on earth, i wholeheartedly believe he'd come as the 405... especially through the sepulveda pass. i was stuck on that PIECE OF SHIT FREEWAY GOING 5 MILES AN HOUR.... that is, when i was moving. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. if i had a gun on me, i would have used it. but since i don't, i needed some anger-releasing music on so i scream at the top of my lungs.... but no. kroq was playing some crap from the early 90s, and every other station was in commercial... except KOST: they were playing motherfucking Enya.... so now that i'm home, i'll be drinking until i can't remember the drive home and i no longer feel pain. i'll see you all again on monday when i awake from the coma i'm about to drink myself to

 last weekend, a friend and i were talking about the current state of the world and we both came to the conclusion that we wouldn't be surprised if osama had already been captured and bush was just waiting to announce it right before the election this november. now with the military stepping up the hunt for osama, kinda makes you wonder if the stage is being set up for his capture...

 Keep in mind that nudity is not the answer to any of life's problems. Murder maybe, nudity no... well, ok sometimes nudity helps

 neurology blows. you see these patients with massive strokes and then we figure out just where the stroke is, based off of imaging and the patient's deficits, and then we're like, "cool, he needs rehab.... next patient, please"... so depressing

 Drive to Let Doctors Speed Hits Yellow Light Medical group cites old law, but CHP says it's for emergencies only and in specific circumstances. By Sharon Bernstein, Times Staff Writer Pulled over for speeding? Just tell them you're a doctor. Citing a law established back in the days when physicians had to race past streetcars and Packards to make emergency house calls, the California Medical Assn. has told its members that they could speed legally as long as their cars displayed a sticker identifying them as doctors. The group plans to print and sell big red stickers featuring the initials "M.D." and the identification number of a 1930s-era state law that allows doctors to speed to medical emergencies. The association, which represents about a third of doctors in the state, said it would sell the stickers to members for $10, and to nonmembers for $50. But the head of the California Highway Patrol is not pleased. D.O. "Spike" Helmick said he would personally ticket any doctor caught violating the state's driving laws red sticker or not. The association, he said, is misreading an old law that he believes should no longer be on the books. "We're not supporting this," Helmick said. "It's just a law that the California Legislature put on the books 70 years ago." In its Feb. 26 newsletter, the medical association said the new stickers would exempt physicians "from most speeding laws" unless they were driving recklessly. In an interview, CMA chief executive Jack Lewin said he figured that CHP officers would also be sympathetic to doctors who drove in carpool lanes or on the shoulder on their way to a medical emergency. "We're trying to get physicians through traffic congestion to be able to take care of patients," Lewin said. The CHP, he said, supported the effort. Not so, Helmick said. The existing law, he said, does not allow doctors to exceed the state's maximum speed, which is 65 mph in some places and 70 mph in others. It only allows them to go faster than the posted speed when it is lower than that mostly on city streets and rural roads and then only in medical emergencies. Try to drive in the carpool lane with that sticker, or speed down routes reserved for emergency vehicles, "and I'll be the first one to throw them in jail," Helmick said. He said he would prefer that the law be changed to force doctors to obey the speed limit everywhere. "No one should be above the law," Helmick said. "Even a doctor who needs to get someplace in a hurry." The CHP chief said he wanted to talk to Lewin, and asked a reporter for his phone number. "He's going to be my next call!" Helmick said. A few minutes later, Lewin, a bit chastened, phoned the reporter back. The association is still planning to sell the stickers, he said. But Lewin stressed that they would not give doctors the right to speed on freeways or drive in the carpool lane. "I was pretty much under the impression that we were going to be able to go faster on freeways, but we're not," Lewin said. "And they told me [speeding to] the golf course was definitely out." well, damn it!!!

 Donald Johnson sued a West Palm Beach, Fla., Shoney's restaurant for $55,000 because he thought its clam chowder was potato soup, and the chowder left him with nightmares; in January, he won $407 in damages

 got back from mammoth yesterday afternoon... thoroughly enjoyed the many feet of fresh powder and the beef jerky. i also had my orientation today for neurology and psychiatry, followed by a nice healthy dose of margarita mondays at acapulco's... yea, life is hard

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY DANIEL!!

 so psych is still raging onward, but it's become more tolerable just because i know the routine now and i don't feel so lost... don't get me wrong, i still hate every second of it. but at least my resident understands my disdain for it now, and she tells me i can ditch a lot of the crappy meetings that she has to attend. but i noticed i haven't gone on any sort of rant for a while, so i thought i'd sit down and make an effort. here goes... - i've been watching the swan lately, and there's a couple things that really irritate me about that show. don't get me wrong, it's a great show but i have a few issues. number one is the host. she has the fakest accent ever... it sounds like a mix between english and australian with an occasional canadian "oot" or "aboot." (however, i just looked her up on imdb.com and found she's from ireland. but still, her accent kills me.) number two: after the women get to see themselves in the mirror, they automatically cover their mouths with hands in an act of astonishment. but i think that's pretty stupid because they're covering up what was worked on. number three: i hate to believe that as a society, we're so shallow that people are willing to undergo all this torturous surgery and dieting just so their exterior is now pretty. it's like they're thinking, "i'm so depressed, my marriage is in the crapper, and my life just blows all because i'm not attractive... if only i could change my appearance, life would be great!" now i'm not against people wanting to look good, but i still like to believe that beauty on the inside is what matters. (don't get me wrong, i like beauty on the outside too) it just seems to me that they're taking a car that's not running well, the paint is peeling, and there's a couple dents, so they go out and get all that bodywork done without working under the hood. now i know that the women undergo some therapy, but i think they need to focus more on that... - i'm tired of hearing about barry bonds and blah blah blah about him. i don't give a fuck. he's such a one-dimensional player. all he does is hit homeruns... oh is that all? yea, it's not a bad thing for him or his team, but he's not a good defenseman, detracts attention from the problems the giants are having, and we can't go a day without hearing about what milestone he's passed or what record he broke. yes, he's a great ballplayer but he also has some steroid controversy. did you know that his hat size increased 2 sizes in 2002 alone? that's kinda odd to me. (i know, i should stop paying attention to espn so much)... but don't get me started on the red sox-yankees crap... - Los Angeles still sucks. i've definitely gotten used to living here and i'm more familiar with the city and what it has to offer, but when i went to santa monica beach the other day, it sure as hell was no huntington or santa barbara. so i have only 9 or 10 months to go here (since i'll be moving out of my apartment next February or so), and i'm counting down the days. but i am going to look into what days i can go out to dodger stadium to catch a game or five... - my birthday is coming up, looking forward to that. but i start medicine the monday before my birthday, so i'm not going to be able to party on the weekends as much as i would like. plus with me having to go back to weekends again, it'll be the first time i worked on a saturday or sunday since halloween. definitely not looking forward to that. i think this year i mostly want just clothes... - messed up pretty big this past weekend in that i should have called vinicio and partied with him while we were up there. i apologize for that mistake, and next time i go up there i'll be sure to call him. - on that note, i'm gonna go get some crappy cafeteria food, find out about watching an ECT procedure, and then head off to bestbuy... and i dunno, maybe give someone a call...

 my wife caught me with another woman and accused me of cheating on her... i disagreed and said i was only outsourcing

 urlLink snails as big as your hand

 you burn a third of your calories just to deal with gravity

 i guess there goes my other reason for wanting to work at mammoth... Army asks ski resorts to return its howitzers Tuesday, April 27, 2004 RENO, Nevada (AP) -- The U.S. military is demanding the return of five howitzers that two Sierra Nevada ski resorts use to prevent avalanches, saying it needs the guns for the fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan. Alpine Meadows and Mammoth Mountain received the artillery pieces on loan from the Army and began using them last year to fire rounds into mountainsides and knock snow loose. But the ski resorts received word earlier this month that the Army's Tank Automotive and Armaments Command at the Rock Island Arsenal in Illinois needs the howitzers back. "I need to have them back in the troops' hands within 60 to 90 days," said Don Bowen, the Army command's team leader in charge of the howitzers. "It's a very short timeframe to get them serviceable and back into the theater in southwest Asia. Afghanistan-Iraq is the immediate concern." The ski resorts said they will comply. "Given it's a war effort, their needs are greater than ours," said Larry Heywood, Alpine Meadows director of mountain operations. Howitzers are short-barreled cannons that typically are pulled by a vehicle. They fire three to 10 rounds a minute at a range of about five to 10 miles. Replacing a M119 -- the type used at the resorts -- would cost around $1 million, Bowen said Tuesday. The military lent two to Alpine Meadows and three to Mammoth Mountain. Alpine Meadows and Mammoth Mountain are the only ski resorts in the nation using the M119 model, said Bob Moore, a U.S. Forest Service specialist in Truckee, California. The M119 is a lightweight 105 mm howitzer designed for airmobile operations. Other resorts have other models of 105 mm howitzers. Pam Murphy, senior vice president at Mammoth Mountain just east of Yosemite National Park, said the military has provided the ski resort with recoilless rifles and other guns for avalanche control for 30 years. The howitzers are the most effective, Murphy said. "It was designed to kill people, but it's a very valuable safety tool for us," said Rachael Woods, a spokeswoman at Lake Tahoe's Alpine Meadows, where seven people were killed in an avalanche in 1982. Resort officials said they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to transport the guns, reimburse the Army for training and build firing platforms. But Murphy said she understood the Army's decision: "We're certainly at a different place in the world than when we first got the guns." The Forest Service said it is working to secure older howitzers for the ski resorts, and the Army's Bowen said he is optimistic that will happen.

 It is important in these trying times to remember what really matters in life: money... money, money, money.

 lived in LA for almost a year, and i'm finally going to the beach...

 i went to santa barbara this weekend and i know why it's such a vortex... i always wondered what kept vinicio up there all the time, and now i know why. and this was only after 2 and a half days. so dave, daniel, and i drove up to santa bizzle on friday, getting to the girls' (nikki and drea live in adjacent apartments, karen lives a couple streets over) place a little after 9, and after nice little pleasantries of "how was the drive" and "how have you been" and etc., we called up a cab and got down to downtown SB. our evening started at Joe's Cafe, where the drinks are incredibly strong and where dave, daniel, and i did not disappoint in our abilities to guzzle liquor. i proceeded to call chris so we can all rag on him, and everyone had fun at his expense. after a while there, we walked over to some club/bar thing with a name similar to hootie cat (i think wildcat), where we again marveled the girls in our abilities to pound multiple glasses of guinness. after more inane banter, we strolled out to the dance floor, got our freak on, and then headed back to nikki and drea's place. it didn't take long for us to get a hankerin' for some jay and silent bob, but after an hour or so we were all asleep... i had an exceptional night. i apparently am incapable of sleeping in, so after falling asleep around 3 or 4, i promptly woke up at 9... around the same time as dave. everyone else was up by 11 or so, and soon enough we were out and about on the town. we went to lunch on the pier, and then headed down the beach where we drank several buckets of coronitas... and damn, if we weren't there for an insanely long time. we then drove back, showered, changed, and headed out for some italian food. again, we stopped off at a couple of bars, and although karen was incredibly hungover all day, she was able to find the strength to drink some more. we then proceeded back to nikki and drea's, but this time no jay and silent bob were in the mix. sunday we pretty much were out of the house by 10, strolled down to a cafe, and got breakfast where the service was horrible and i got to sit in the sun... so i got some color this weekend, except i got it while eating and not while on the beach. then after hugging everyone goodbye, we drove back home to our own pathetic lives... so now i'm in love with santa barbara, i wouldn't mind doing residency up there, and i want to go back... but what'd i'd really like is for those lovely ladies to come down here so we can show them what OC is all about... and then there's the whole matter with karen...

 ever wish you'd get command hallucinations just so that you wouldn't have to think about what to do? i mean, why not have a little voice in your head tell you what to do every day?

 if you can somehow get him to do it, a grown male gorilla can bench about 4000 pounds

 so my schedule for next year came out this saturday, and i got almost everything i wanted, which is good, but the rotations that i didn't get would have made my schedule frickin' awesome. plus it was a blow to my ego, with me thinking i found these diamonds in the rough and that i was the only who knew about them... i mean, who would've expected a dermatology rotation that only met tues-fri at 1:30 would be in such high demand? anyway, after fiddling around with what's available and a little rearrangement of the rotations that i already had, i think my schedule is looking pretty good... especially since i'll finish my last rotation in the middle of march. what's even nicer is that the way i set up my rotations location-wise, i can move out of my apartment in february and save over $3000 in rent and utilities! my schedule next year (all rotations are 3 weeks): vascular surgery autopsy pathology gastrointestinal surgery nephrology cardiac surgery ICU cardiology medical genetics anesthesia anatomic pathology infectious disease so while i didn't leave myself any vacation in there or any time for interviewing, the only actually serious rotations i have are vascular, GI surg, nephro, and cards... everything else is deceptively easy schedule-wise. plus i get to go to australia anytime after the middle of march...

 as you know, or should know, mammalian males are XY and mammalian females are XX. but did you know that avian (i.e. bird) males are ZZ and avian females are ZW... a little bit of role reversal going on there

 all i gotta say is "whoa"

 i've got a prediction for all you single people out there: your loneliness will subside this week when your standards finally plummet

 what with the rain today, i got a little mud on my shoes... but what can i say, burying a hooker ain't easy

 i was harrassed by a cute girl via telephone tonight regarding santa barbara... guess i'll have to use my skills as a cunning linguist when i visit her, and not my skills as a master debater

 sweet!! not only did i get off psych early today, but after i got back to my parents' my laptop got delivered... best yet, no charge for the repairs. life is good

 Recently, a scientist from the USDA suggested that men should take a look at their beer consumption, considering the results of a recent analysis that revealed the presence of high levels of estrogens. The theory is that drinking beer makes men turn into women. To test the finding, 100 men were fed six pints of beer each. It was then observed that 100% of the men gained weight, required frequent visits to the bathroom, talked excessively without making sense, became overly emotional, couldn't drive, failed to think rationally, argued over nothing, and refused to apologize when wrong. No further testing is planned. my ex-girlfriend always complained that i never listened to anything she was saying or something to that effect... i dunno, i wasn't paying that much attention If you divide the amount of money you spend on your wife or girlfriend by the number of times she gives it up, you'll realize that hookers would actually save you money. So write your congressman. Oh, you think you're so high and mighty just because you were never arrested for driving without any pants hey i'm not lazy, i'm just an energy conservationist Here's a good household tip: make sure you clean out the lint trap of your dryer before going on vacation, that way in case someone breaks in and does laundry, they won't start a fire hey, you know we need? girls, good jobs, and a sense of higher purpose... or just some good beer; which ever is easier to get why bother to recycle? once the sun burns out we're all screwed anyways... so why spend our last 4.5 billion years using inferior products? astronauts get to have as much tang as they want... which is weird, cuz i didn't know they got so many chicks

 brief rundown of my life lately: -finally got my car back from the shop, but that very day my screen on my laptop went out... i think someone spilled water on it. since i have the service plan, i dropped it off at bestbuy and i should be getting it back next week. if the screen went out on its own, then it's replaced for free; if its due to liquid, then it costs $80... not too bad i guess. in the meantime, i'm back to using my desktop -i'm seeing plenty of crazy people in my psych rotation, but i hate every second of it. i've been getting out of there no later than 4pm every day, but those hours that i'm there drag on and on and on... and on. i can't believe i have 3 more weeks of this bullshit. -i filled up my propane tank for the grill. i've gone so long without barbequeing i think that was part of the reason why i was starting to get depressed. -i set up a weekend excursion in santa barbara the 23rd-24th with the girls from the cruise, so, with any luck, that should be LOTS of fun. i just hope everything works out with one chick... -i'm still waiting to see what my schedule will be like next year... i entered all my requests into the computer, but now i just have to wait and see if i get them in the order that i want. -i bought 4 new cds from bestbuy: autopilot off, rooney, hoobastank, and switchfoot. autopilot off is my fav by far so far

 don't mean to bum everyone's buzz... Study: Heavy social drinkers show brain damage Wednesday, April 14, 2004 Posted: 4:03 PM EDT (2003 GMT) WASHINGTON (Reuters) -- Heavy social drinkers show the same pattern of brain damage as hospitalized alcoholics -- enough to impair day-to-day functioning, U.S. researchers said Wednesday. Brain scans show clear damage, and tests of reading, balance and other function show people who drink more than 100 drinks a month have some problems, the researchers said. "Socially functioning heavy drinkers often do not recognize that their level of drinking constitutes a problem that warrants treatment," the researchers, at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee and the University of California San Francisco, wrote in their report. "The enrollment criterion for heavy drinkers was the consumption of more than an average of 100 alcoholic drinks per month for men over 3 years before the study (80 drinks for women)," they wrote in the report, published in the journal Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research. One drink is usually defined as a serving of spirits, a glass of wine or a can or bottle of beer. Dieter Meyerhoff of UCSF and Dr. Peter Martin of Vanderbilt examined 46 chronic, heavy drinkers and 52 light drinkers recruited using newspaper ads and flyers. They used magnetic resonance imaging to look at physical brain structures and also measured various brain chemicals associated with healthy brain function. Standard tests of verbal intelligence, processing speed, balance, working memory, spatial function, executive function, and learning and memory were given to the volunteers. "Our heavy drinkers sample was significantly impaired on measures of working memory, processing speed, attention, executive function, and balance," the researchers wrote. Measures of brain chemicals and structures showed some of the same damage seen in alcoholics who are in the hospital or treatment centers, they said. The study is unusual in that most studies of brain damage from alcohol are done in people who have undergone treatment. "What our findings indicate is that brain damage is detectable in heavy drinkers who are not in treatment and function relatively well in the community," Meyerhoff said in a statement. Martin and Meyerhoff said the study showed evidence of brain impairment, even if the drinkers cannot see it themselves. "Our message is: Drink in moderation. Heavy drinking damages your brain ever so slightly, reducing your cognitive functioning in ways that may not be readily noticeable. To be safe, don't overdo it." Meyerhoff said that for most adults, moderate alcohol use translates to up to two drinks per day for younger men, and one drink per day for women and older people. translation: drinking makes you an idiot... to which i say, ben no function liquor well without

 i want to be reminded of everything there is to being a man, in the way that only a woman can... that's right, i want her to do my laundry

 i wished everyone a happy resurrection sunday instead of happy easter because the former really gives you an idea of what the day truly means. so if you're wondering where we got the term easter from: Easter - old english Eastre (Northumbrian Eostre), from primtive germanic *Austron, a goddess of fertility and sunrise whose feast was celebrated at the spring equinox, from *austra-, from primitive indoeuropean *aus- "to shine" (especially of the dawn). Anglo-Saxon Christians adopted her name and many of the celebratory practices for their Mass of Christ's resurrection. Ultimately related to east. Almost all neighboring languages use a variant of L. Pasche (i.e. Passover) to name this holiday

 HAPPY RESURRECTION SUNDAY!!!

 word on the street (i.e. cnn.com) is that the simpsons movie probably won't come out until two to three years after the series ends (due to animation demands)... and with the series expected to only go another two to three years, we're looking at a 2008-2010 date for the movie....

 i think i've recovered adequately enough to give a quick rundown of the cruise: Day 1 (Sunday 3/28) After waiting in a god-awful line to check into the boat, we slowly ambled through the embarkation dome and made our way onto the boat. we found our closet of a room in the bowels of the ship and quickly got the hell out of there so we could check out everything the ship had to offer. this expedition was cut short as we had to undergo a lifeboat rehearsal. so we went back to our room, picked up our lifevests, and then stood on the deck of the boat in front of our lifeboat... i guess it's a good idea to practice, except that none of us had any clue where the hell we were. after all that excitement died down, we all donned our boardshorts (i was also wearing my new "Trust Me, I'm A Doctor" t-shirt) and tried to get up to the pool; no luck though as they were all empty. so we basically explored the Lido Deck for a good amount of time, checking out the long beach harbor, watching the sun set, and just hoping that when we got down to our room we had our luggage. We finally tear ourselves from the lido deck, go down to our room, and... no luggage. but we did get it like 5 minutes later. we then unpacked all our shit, got ourselves the first of many many many drinks, and then went gambling. the first day was alright for myself, but daniel freaking got a full house on let it ride and won $260. we then got ready for dinner, drank a lot, and danced at a club until the wee hours of the morning. we did meet a group of 4 ucla chicks who seemed very content to just hang out with themselves, another 2 ucla girls who were a bit ditsy, and then 2 other girls who seemed cool... however, as the week wore on, the more we realized how "seemed" was an appropriate term Day 2 (Monday) we woke up around 9 or so after chris announces "I'm not tired anymore." we all then went running around the deck for a while, did a small amount of weights, and ate a quick breakfast. we then laid out on the deck and drank a couple mixed drinks. i think we then went back to the casino and played a lot of roulette. it was formal night, so we headed back early and got all macked out. we then went to the captains welcome cocktail party where we got plenty of free liquor and then headed out for dinner, during which i had two lobsters, and after which we drank and danced at the club. this night was better, as we met 3 chicks from santa barbara. these chicks ended up being three of the greatest people ever to cruise with me (this being my first cruise). Day 3 (Tuesday) yet another fun day at sea. we pretty much repeated the events of the previous day, minus the working out and formal attire. i won quite a bit of money while gambling, had some beef wellington for dinner, and then drank even more than the day before. by now, we pretty much had the lay-out of the ship down, as well as a pretty good routine. the four of us participated in a single's event that night at the club, and we got some good pictures... plus i got to know one of the girls from santa barbara a lot better as we both lost at musical chairs at the same time. Day 4 (Wednesday) We wake up incredibly hung over, and as luck would have it we have to be off the ship by 8:15 so we can get going with our jungle excursion. as we're running down the gangway at 8:17, we find that our bus isn't quite here yet. once we're on the bus and get going, our tour guide gives us a tour of puerto vallarta and we have to deal with this whiny bitch up front who won't stop asking questions about shopping. we finally get to our destination, and i was little disappointed. sure, we got to see the helicopter that was in the movie predator, but when i hear rain forest, i'm thinking wet, humid jungle shit... not riverside that's really overgrown. anyhow, we do a brief hike around this river, wade through a pool, and chill at this lil restaurant. after eating some questionable guacamole, dave and i swam in these natural pools around the river, making sure not to get any water in my mouth or eyes. we then got back in the bus and they dropped us off in downtown puerto vallarta. we stopped off at carlos o'briens (touristy restaurant similar to sr. frogs or a TGIFridays), got the worst service ever, and we checked out the beach for a while. after a fruitless search for the bar that had 2 for 1 beers, free pool, and a titty bar, we headed back for the ship since that night was filet mignon night. pretty much repeated the previous nights activities of gambling, drinking, and some dancing, although i think we might have turned in at a more reasonable time of 1:30. Day 5 (Thursday) we correctly decided not to buy an excursion for mazatlan, so when we disembarked we had no idea what the hell to do. our taxi driver elvis and his mexican limousine took us to the hotel strip of mazatlan, and we pretty much chilled on the beach the whole day. chris and i picked up a blanket each, dave got a hand-carved dolphin, and we all got constantly harrassed from peddlers. but we all did a little surfing and playing in the waves, and dave capped the day by going parasailing. from there we went to sr. frog's, got some tequila shots, and headed back to the ship. this time when the ship left port we were in the spa, getting felt up by 8 year olds... then we did the standard gamble, dinner, drink, dance; except this time it was with a lot of 16 year olds... i mean, the 16 year olds were out there the previous nights, but i think they came out in force that night Day 6 (Friday) we didn't have much time in cabo, so we got off the boat early and pretty much just explored the town until 11 or so. we stopped off at Cabo Wabo (i don't recommend going there during the day... too much sammy haggar for daylight) and then headed off to the office... a bar/restaurant on the sand. we met up with pretty much all the people that we had been hanging out with on the boat and pretty much drank beer after beer. absolutely gorgeous there and i think we're going to head back for a couple day vacation sometime. we had to cut out early though, since we had to get back on the little boats that were ferrying us to and from the boat. again we headed for the spa, only this time there were less 8 year olds and more 12 year olds. chris and i both got hit on. it was our second formal night that night, and we really didn't care as much as the first formal night. again, we gambled, drank, ate dinner, drank, and danced. nothing new to marvel about. Day 7 (Saturday) going up the california coast we hit a lot of 5-6 ft swells, so the whole ship was arocking the whole way back. very nauseating. pretty much started drinking around 1pm, since it was our last day on the boat, and kept that buzz going until 3am. i think there was gambling and dinner in there, but i can only assume as i was pretty drunk. found out one of the santa barbara chicks was digging me, and we all promised to head up there sometime to hang out with them. Day 8 (Sunday) woke up hung over, and we were off the ship by 9. we stood in the customs line forever with the most irritating woman behind me, and after 10 minutes on the freeway i was home. i spent the next hour unpacking, and i think i might have gone through a bout of alcohol withdrawal. i know that's a lot, but i think it be brought down to a few thoughts: i had an insanely fun week with 3 of my best friends, got away from the world, and met some awesome people, hopefully something will come out of this... but most importantly of all, i'm tan.

 "you're telling me that a gang of beavers broke in here and stole all of the beef jerky?" "it's a well-known fact that beavers are very sleazy. besides, that's all i could think of... i mean, yes i do." You are the type of person that worries about everything, but just take a breath and relax. They will never find the body. Now that you're back in school you should start acting like a student instead of a werewolf. The beard and the tendency to murder people with your teeth are unbecoming. Congratulations! Thanks to your unwavering support coconut bras are back in style!

 simpsons season 4: june 15 south park season 4: june 29 no more family guy until they come back on tv and start making new episodes, and futurama just came out with season 3... so i guess i should start getting the king of the hill seasons...

 Frequent Ejaculations May Counter Prostate Cancer By Michael Conlon CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sexual activity does not cause prostate cancer, and men who ejaculate frequently may even be protecting themselves against the disease, U.S. researchers reported on Tuesday. The study, which involved more than 29,000 healthy men and covered sex of all kinds including masturbation and nocturnal emissions, confirms a smaller Australian study from last July that reached similar conclusions, the authors said. Most of the previous research into the question was on whether sexual frequency caused prostate cancer, on the theory that increased production of the male hormone testosterone could prompt prostate cell growth, the study's chief author, Michael Leitzmann, said in an interview. But the new research found that "ejaculation frequency is not related to an increased risk. There is no adverse effect. And ... higher elevations of ejaculation appear to protect men from developing prostate cancer," said Leitzmann, a physician and investigator at the National Cancer Institute The study suggested that frequent ejaculations may decrease the concentration of "chemical carcinogens which readily accumulate in prostatic fluid" and may reduce the development of crystalloids "which have been associated with prostate cancer in some." The prostate is a small gland that produces some of the fluid for semen. Prostate cancer is the second most common kind of cancer (after skin cancer) diagnosed among U.S. men, and is highly survivable if caught in time. The new study, published in this week's Journal of the American Medical Association) was based on an ongoing survey covering a variety of health issues of thousands of men who were 40 to 75 when the study began in 1986. In 1992 they were asked to report the average number of ejaculations they had per month during ages 20 to 29, 40 to 49 and during the previous year. In later surveys they were asked to report if they had been diagnosed with prostate cancer. The earlier Australian study published in July 2003 by the Cancer Council Victoria found that the more often men ejaculated between the ages of 20 and 50, the less likely they were to suffer from prostate cancer. That survey, which covered 1,079 prostate cancer patients and 1,259 healthy men, found that those who had sex at least once a day in their 20s were a third less likely to develop the malady. "The more you flush the ducts out, the less there is to hang around and damage the cells that line them," Graham Giles, lead author of the earlier study said at the time. Leitzmann said his new study is consistent with the Australian findings, and may even be stronger because it tracked men over time rather than asking them to recall ejaculation frequency only after they had already been diagnosed with cancer. That kind of recall can be distorted, he said, because the cancer brings diminished sexual activity with it. i already knew about this and i think i posted the old australian study, but i thought it nice to remind everyone...

 i bowled a phat 178 tonight (my best ever by 2), got a bit drunk off of budweiser (that's all they had), and lost at darts... but at least i made some headway earlier with a woman from the cruise... that's right, i said WOMAN.... alright, i might have a bit too much booze in me at this point

 the earth might have had rings like that of saturn

 Rabid Vampire Bats Kill 13 in Brazil RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil - Rabies spread by vampire bats has claimed 13 lives on an Amazon river island, local media reported Saturday. The deaths occurred over the past 21 days on Portel Island, according to the O Liberal newspaper. The island is about 1,500 miles northeast of Rio de Janeiro. In all, 19 people have been infected with rabies. Of those infected, 13 have died and six remain hospitalized, two of whom were in very critical condition, the newspaper reported. Since March 9, some 300 people have reported being bitten by the bats, but most of them were vaccinated against rabies, O Liberal reported. Health officials were working to immunize people and cattle to contain the disease's spread. About 100 people from around the sparsely populated region are camped out near the municipal health post distributing the vaccine which requires separate doses over five days, O Liberal reported. The first reported rabies death transmitted via bat bite was of 10-year-old Mailson Moura de Souza, according to the Estado de Sao Paulo newspaper. "My son and my relatives have been finished by this disease. I'm afraid the rest of my family will die as well," Souza's father was quoted as saying in the newspaper. Some reports attribute the spike in the number of bat bites to increased deforestation on the island that sits near the mouth of the Amazon river

 well, i'm back on dry land for the first time in a while, so excuse my wooziness... anyhow, the cruise was BY FAR one of the best times of my life (well, top 50... haha inside joke). night after night of gambling, drinking, and dancing with a couple of 27 year old chicas all the while trying to avoid the herds of 16 year old girls. i'll go more into depth after i get some non-alcoholic beverages in me, so i'll leave you with some parting words from sir dave attell: "i'm totally for carrying a concealed weapon. you never know when some nut will come up to you and yell, 'you're fired.' you gotta be ready for situations like that." (that phrase has nothing to do with the cruise, by the way)

 to my blog. it's 3 now. there's been a lot of good times, a lot of funny things i've said, and a few interspersed insightful posts. i think this blog has covered a very interesting portion of my life, starting in undergrad in riverside through the transition to med school and my move to los angeles... and hopefully i'll keep this blog up once i'm in residency and beyond. but i have to say, i really enjoy blogging for my own enjoyment... and as a byproduct i think you guys get it a kick out of it too. alright, enough already... but here's some stats: blogging since: May 29, 2001 posts written: 978 words written: 109,962 avg posts/week: 6.27 avg words/post: 112.43 damn, that's a lot of wasted time

 well, it's true...

 no need to worry about bioweapons... i mean, once the sun goes out on this baby we're toast anyways. so why waste the new 4.5 billion years constantly on the lookout for "terrorists?" the same goes for recycling. i don't want to spend the rest of my time using inferior products. and what's all this i'm hearing about tolerance?...

 or in case you're seeing this off of a mirror... !SIRHC, NOITAUDRAG YPPAH

 go to urlLink mtv.com and scroll down until you see the band coheed and cambria. weird name, even weirder singer. watch their video (although you might have to register first, but it's free). this guy's vocals don't match his look in any way, shape, or form... but some of those chicks in the video are kinda cute...

 the urlLink woman of my dreams... haha, dude what a nutjob

 pagophagia is the pathologic excess consumption of ice, often seen in the face of iron deficiency anemia. but on a more boastful note, i'm apparently doing a pretty good job on my medicine rotation. monday morning my intern told me i did an excellent history and physical write-up on my patient, along with a great presentation, and yesterday during a lecture on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, my resident asked our team a couple questions on the effect of bronchodilators. i was the only one to respond correctly for both aspects of the question, and my resident exclaimed, "dude you know your shit... why are you going into surgery?" on top of all that, when i met our new intern this morning, he said he had heard i was a real strong med student... so yay me. now i hope i just don't get knocked on my eval for getting out so early on call nights...

 i recently learned that a very famous attorney for a very famous murder trial has a brain tumor... i don't know exactly when he was diagnosed, but people with this type of brain tumor generally have a life expectancy of 1 year even with the most aggressive treatment. so stay tuned to the news...

 commonly referred to as mad cow disease. vinicio and i had a very long winded conversation via xanga on that topic... i feel he's basing his decision more on his distrust of bush than anything, but that's a perfectly acceptable reason. but knowing the science (of which i've studied excessively from medical and anthropological perspectives), i'm not so worried... although i should worry about my cholesterol from all the steak i'm eating. anyhow, my hair is getting long again and i'm not sure if i should cut it or not. it's become fashionable for guys to have long hair, but i'm constantly worrying if i look professionable enough with my current frock. i think i'll keep it long until i start my surgery rotation in july, at which point i'll decide if it's worth the hassle. besides, my sister told me i looked better with short hair instead of long hair, but it's not like i polled the populace for their opinions. now here's a topic i'm embarrassed to talk about. avril lavigne's new cd came out yesterday, and i'm tempted to get it. she's a good songwriter and hot as hell, but i do notice i'm not so proud to blast her music on my speakers... maybe i should just grow a pair and not give a shit about what others think, but it's still difficult to be proud of listening to music that my 13 year old sister is into.

 vinicio was talking about the qualities and character that he looks for in a girl, and i noticed that he isn't into blondes. then i thought about all the girls i've been with, and they've overwhelmingly been blonde. while i don't think that's a prerequisite for the girls i'm into, i have to say that i do enjoy their company. then i started to think about the kinds of girls i'm attracted to and the qualities i'm after (personality qualities mind you... the physical aspect is a lot shorter post), and i'm not sure i want to analyze exactly what qualities i favor over others because i don't want to limit myself. instead i'll focus on broad qualities that i like in women... the only problem is that all the responses end up sounding cliche and i get no where. 1) intelligence. i can't emphasize how important this is. i've dated girls who know nothing other than pop culture, and it drives me insane. please, i need a lady with an opinion. i'm not saying i want to date a bookish nerd or the female equivalent of einstein, but i want a girl who can formulate a thought and not need me to explain everything to her. 2) humor. i've stated multiple times (as vinicio pointed out) that i need a girl who can laugh at my jokes. that's narcissistic of me, but i don't care. i'm funny and i want someone to appreciate it. if she's a goofball too, that's even more of a plus. 3) religion. i'd like to think that i could care less about her religious beliefs, but deep down, i want a girl i can go to church with. i've never had that and i know that it's becoming more and more important to me. 4) athletics. i want a girl who would enjoy accompanying me to a dodger game or five and is either a snowboarder already (with the caveat that she not be better than me) or is really willing to try. i also want a girl who is comparably physically active... neither a gym freak nor a sloth. 5) interests. the most cliche category of them all. but i want a girl who likes the same things i do. opposites attract? bullshit (unless you're referring to our actual genders). i've dated girls who liked country music or mariah carey or rap, and it was a pain in the ass while we were in the car. i've also dated girls who listened to the same music as i, and i was amazed by how much more i enjoyed their company. i mean, i really like music and certain tv shows, so why not take advantage of those opportunities? i want to go to concerts with her and not reluctantly agree to go just because i'm her boyfriend. 6) career. this is one area that's really important to me. i don't want someone in the healthcare industry. one resident i worked with summed it up brilliantly: i want to come home everyday to someone who thinks i'm like a rockstar. i want to come home and have her be amazed by the things i see and the things i do. i know that's really narcissistic, but it's the truth. another reason is that my life constantly revolves around medicine. i'm around it non-stop; i'm always reading about it; there's always someone with a medical question whether it be my mom, my sister's friends, or some guy i just met. it gets rather bothersome. don't get me wrong, i like being able to answer the questions but i does wear on you. and i don't necessarily like to hear about more medicine when i get home from a long day at the hospital. i guess ideally i'd like to be with a girl who's a teacher or involved in education, but i don't know how likely that is. but now that i've said all this, odds are i'm only going to date nurses or doctors... 7) location. long distance relationships blow. since i've been in LA, i've tried having relationships with girls who live in riverside, OC, and santa barbara. and lemme tell ya, extensive driving sucks. but seeing as i'll be moving in a year anyways, this is less of a problem 8) age. i've dated girls aged 18 to 27 over the past year. and those nearest my age were (unsurprisingly) the ones i enjoyed spending time with the most. i think ideally i'd want someone a year or two younger, that way i was still the older of the couple yet we could get into clubs and bars. so if you are a person who meets these categories or know someone who does, feel free to contact me... haha. no, seriously. i don't know, i didn't think i was going to be in this situation all of a sudden again but things with karen in santa barbara just didn't work out. which is really weird because nothing changed between us... i thought when i left santa barbara i had left on good terms. oh well, whatever will be, will be

 i was hoping that i'd be able to wax poetic about some topic or tear an idea down or just ramble off some lame joke, but alas, i have no ideas. so i'll just recap the last couple of days and hopefully some insightful comment will spring forth. the last time i mentioned my daily activities, it was last wednesday when john and pearl visited so i'll start right after that... last thursday i was supposed to be on call, but we had our last small-group session for a class at ucla that day (called doctoring, about every 2 weeks we meet up) so i instead went to that. it was nice since it was held at my professor's house and he owns a gorgeous house in brentwood... the kind of house that everyone wants. afterwards, pete and i stopped by our friend dorsa's apartment as it was her birthday and we thought she might have been having people over... but no, it was just her. on friday, i had a relatively short day at the hospital. i picked up a patient and during my noon lecture, could not help but look out the window as four news helicopters hovered above while the police helicopter circled very closely. apparently a fugitive had driven his car into the beverly center (a shopping center across the street from the hospital i'm at), and the police had cordoned off the area. since two of the streets that i normally take to get home were off-limits, i got to pimp my fly ride down wilshire through beverly hills... cruising past rodeo drive. that's right, the primer on my hood really showed off how much of a playah i am. after i got back to my apartment, i jetted down to OC and went over to chris' pad where we drank beer and had bbq. sadly, i had to round on my patient the following morning, so i cut out of there early on and drove home. on saturday, i got the hospital at 7:30, saw my patient, wrote a pretty good note, and went to go look for my resident. he wanted me to be done with my work by 8 so we could discuss the case, and after i found him we spoke for maybe 5 minutes. we then waited to round with the attending... and we waited... and waited... and waited until 10 when she finally showed up. that's right, i had 2 hours of nothing to do. so half hour later, we finish rounding on all of our patients and i head back home pissed off because it was the biggest waste of my time. i drive back to OC, stop by my parents' house, and start working on some vodka infusion jars. this time around, we have: citrus (2 oranges, 2 lemons, 4 limes, and, new this time around, tangerines), berry (2 baskets of raspberries, boysenberries, and strawberries), and melon (half a honeydew and canteloupe, quarter of a watermelon)... plus we made a small jar of kiwi-strawberry because we weren't exactly sure on that one. on sunday, went to church for the first time in a couple of weeks (because of my schedule) and i didn't see this girl i've had my eye on for a while now. she's pretty cute, however each week she's starting to look more and more like heidi... except not so petitte. i then went back to my parents' and waited around until 6pm when my family went out for michelle's 23rd birthday. good times... especially since i ate 1.25 lbs of bbq crab. i then booked it back to LA... yesterday was call again, followed by margarita mondays, and the finale of the swan... i just can't believe how comical that show could be. but now i'm here in the hospital's library, waiting around for no good reason, just hoping i can sneak off in a bit... i just thought of one post i could put up that would be a little more interesting, kind of in the vein of vinicio's latest topic of his type of girl. but i'll wait until later for that...

 Snoop Dogg is getting a divizzle... won't someone please think of the children?

 nothing better than a light call-day that ends with margarita mondays... well, there's a few things that are better

 i'm guessing someone might have a problem with what i'm about to say, but they can cram with walnuts. i saw a bumper sticker yesterday that read, "war is not the answer." and then i thought about that statement... truly thought about it instead of my normal dismissive comment of "stupid hippie." war might not be the answer this time around, but there's always a time, place, and, sadly, a need for it. true, war occurring right in front of you is never pleasant, but after the fact, once the fighting is finished, you can reflect amiably on it. take the revolutionary war. there were many americans, founding fathers no less, who did not want anything to do with the war effort... it's not that they were british supporters, they simply thought war wasn't the best way to gain our independence. but over 200 years later, who thinks the american revolution was a bad idea (native americans excluded)? what if we had gained our independence through compromise or other non-violent means? invariably we'd be in a different kind of america nowadays. whether that be good or bad, i'll let you decide... but i like the way america is now (yes, there's A LOT that needs to be fixed, but i enjoy being a superpower). and let's not forget the civil war. other than embittered white trash southerners, who thinks the north shouldn't have gone to war against the south? that war was a horrendous example of the atrocities of war, but it was essential. there's just no way around it. i also have a feeling hitler wasn't going to listen to reason in WWII. now, the liberal hippie's bumper sticker obviously wasn't referring to these acts of war and is instead venting her frustration over the Mess O'Potamia we've created. but you put a sticker up like that, one that's so fixed in its attitude towards violence, and you're just begging for criticism. oh well...

 damn it... just wish that i didn't feel like there was something i missed

 ever notice a lot of mythological animals are regular animals just with wings? take a horse and add wings--you get a pegasus. take a lion and add wings--you get a griffin. take a hawk and add wings--you get, uh, a double hawk.

 yesterday was supposed to be "stick it to them day" or some bullshit like that... meaning that was the day we were all supposed to not buy gas as a form of protest against high prices. of course there was no possible way for this boycott to work, because either you'd buy gas the day before the boycott or the day after. but i guess there was an email that was being sent around proclaiming the virtues of the boycott and stating that it worked before in canada or some other hick place, but that email is completely bogus. i've received that email twice in the past regarding high gas prices and it's never worked... so i'm telling you all: STOP SENDING THAT EMAIL (especially now that the protest day has passed). it's a complete and utter hoax; an urban legend if you will. anyhow, i thought this would be a good segue into extolling the virtues of this urlLink site ... it's basically an encyclopedia of all the different urban legends going around and how most of them are in no way true. but i think the funniest thing about the whole gas price thing is that now it's national news for gas to be over $2 a gallon... when it's almost $2.50 here in LA and it's been over $2 for quite some time. and here's some reasons why gas is so expensive here in cali: --California is the second-biggest gasoline market in the world, outranked only by the United States as a whole. (California alone consumes as much gasoline as all of Japan.) --All of the state's refineries, running at full capacity, cannot meet California's one million barrels per day consumption, requiring the importation of more expensive product to meet consumer demand. --Since 1996, California has required a cleaner-burning formulation of gasoline which is produced at few refineries outside of California. And with the recent switch of oxygen additives (MTBE to ethanol... which is more expensive), this aspect of the price goes up even more --The four largest oil refiners in California produce almost 80% of the gasoline supply, and the six largest refiners operate about 85% of the retail gasoline outlets. so they control supply and prices... All of this makes California particularly susceptible to price increases whenever the gasoline supply is disrupted due to factors such as crude oil production cuts by OPEC nations or problems that temporarily shut down refineries. So the only true way to affect gasoline prices is to change our consumption patterns: meaning we should start using public transportation or purchase fewer gas-guzzling vehicles. This is what happened 30 years ago when gas supplies were so low that there were lines in front of gas stations. People could no longer afford those huge gas-guzzling boat cars and instead went to very compact cars...

 i've decided to add titles to my new posts just because it's different from my norm and i enjoy taking advantage of all these new features that blogger is offering... so john and pearl were up in LA yesterday, so we hung out for a bit and john asked me a very interesting question. the question itself wasn't interesting, but his response to my silence was... he asked if anything new is going on, i thought about it for a second or two, and he added, "nothing that's not already on your blog." and we all laughed, because i blog quite often (as you all know). so after exchanging pleasantries for awhile, john and pearl went off to her sister's place (which happens to be down the street from me) and we later met up for dinner at Q's. my chef salad was subpar, but the pitcher of guinness and the spinach artichoke dip was supoib (imagine an italian stereotype saying superb)... pete and i then went back to our place and watched beavis and butthead on dvd before i passed out at the god-awful hour of 9:30pm. i think i need to nap more often... as do you.

 more pedestrians in crosswalks get killed with the "Walk" signal than with the "Don't Walk" signal

 how many blonde jokes are in existence? only one... everything else are true stories

 lord almighty... i was up at 5 this morning, because i had to be at the hospital at 6 since all the residents are going away on a retreat and they needed to be out by 12. i've rounded earlier than that in the past and i was able to tolerate it well, but i don't tolerate acute changes in my sleep/wake cycle so well. but now i'm done for the day and am considering going to the beach... although the skies don't seem to be in my favor

 well, being on call sucks. this isn't news to me, though. i've known for quite some time just how sucktifying it can be (sucktifying?)... i mean, i wasn't "on call" for a long time today, only 8am to 3pm... that's because as a student i take only 2-3 patients, and i was already carrying 1. so after i picked up my 2nd patient, they asked if i wanted a third... of course i said no. but the fact that i watched daniel and chris get their drink on at the House of Brews last night while i stayed mind-numbingly sober really pissed me off. oh well, i'm sure my liver appreciates my moderation.

 BigCBall: d8ude i'm so fued up right now b511b: haha

 i was at a party the other night, and i saw a guy in a leather jacket. i thought to myself, "that guy is cool." a little while later, i saw a guy in a leather vest. "that's not cool." so i then deduced that what was cool, was leather sleeves... i need some leather sleeves. ---- i recently bought a cactus for my apartment. after a week, it died. i thought to myself, "i must be less nurturing than a desert." (ladies, i'm very nurturing) ---- i love using "i can't believe it's not butter" on my toast. that way when people ask me how breakfast was, i can reply, "unbelievable!"

 who says you can't make up your own catch-phrase? to that i say, batter up chumps!!

 i'm just being introspective with that last blog... i don't think anything in particular is wrong in my life. there's just a lot of questions i have and either i'm not getting the answers i want or i'm just not asking the right questions. but i figured this blog is normally so quirky or funny that i'd shake things up a bit...

 i've been reflecting a lot lately, on love, on life, and i don't know where i'm at. i don't know what to do next. i don't know where i'm going. i sometimes wonder if i'm at the right place for myself. i need to open up to some people, whereas i need others to open up to me. i've noticed this uncertainty festering inside me for quite some time now... i really noticed it when i'm at church and a couple key songs are played. i swell with emotion and just want to let loose... i try to hold it back, but a few tears slip by. i don't know what is wrong, or if anything is wrong. but i do know i've been thinking about a lot of the decisions i've made and how life would be different had i made opposite choices. i'm not trying to dwell on the past, but i'd like to be able to glean some insight into it so i may better my future. because as i sit here, typing away while some calm music is playing, i can't help but worry about what lies ahead. but i also can't stop thinking about how much i've transformed in the last year. i feel different when i'm in familiar locales; i feel different when i see people i care about; i feel different when i think about the person that i am. i think i'm just scared by the differences between the person that i think am, the person that i think i should be, and the person i think others see me as. i'm scared. i'm scared people i like don't reciprocate those feelings. i'm scared i won't make the right decision. i'm scared when i tell people this, they won't believe me. i guess i like ed norton's character in fight club's opinion, "it's only when people think you're dying, do they truly listen... instead of just waiting for their turn to speak." but i think the ataris have a better perspective, "the hardest part of life is finding who we need to be, but being content with who we are..."

 i'm in the midst of my first day of internal medicine here at cedars, and i found out that i'm on call today. i'm chilling in the library waiting to get paged regarding any new patients we might get, but i get to go home early today since i have a mandatory meeting at ucla later this evening... but now i know my schedule for the next couple of weeks, so i guess i can better plan any upcoming weekend activities...

 oh yeah!!! i had a great birthday... went and saw the dodgers spank the cubs and rubbed that victory into a lot of cubs' fans' faces. woohoo!!!

 happy birthday to me

 it's monday morning, and i'm awaiting the start of the two-day orientation that i have for internal medicine. it's going to be low-key, but it will inevitably drag on and on and on... what is internal medicine you ask? it's everything that patients get from age 18 on (since before that is pediatrics) that doesn't involve ob/gyn, psych, or neuro... basically we see things related to cardiology, gastroenterology, pulmonology, etc. that can be treated with medicine, as opposed to surgery. i had a pretty good weekend, too. friday night, chris, daniel, dave, and myself went to lucille's, all of us had sandwiches, a 22oz. "shot" of guinness, and then chris dropped us off in mainstreet in HB. saturday my family and i went down to maggiano's in costa mesa for some fine italian dining for my birthday dinner, and after stuffing myself full of calamari, fried mozzarella, the house salad, linguine with clam sauce, chicken parmigiana, lemon salmon, tiramisu, and profiteroles, michelle, kyle, and i went out to a houseparty in bellflower where we slowly but surely drank a couple of beers... i have never been so full in my life. i didn't need to eat sunday as i was still digesting the previous night's feast, but after church en la manana, i helped set up a 15ft diameter pool in our backyard... i never realized how much my parents' backyard sloped until we had to level it out. this pool isn't all that big, but it does hold 3100 gallons and weighs 24,000 lbs when full... so now i'm here, at ucla, and i'm about to go to orientation... wish me luck

 notice anything different?

 As Illinois legislators debate solutions to the rising cost of medical malpractice insurance, newspaper reports from several cities have chronicled the local exodus of neurosurgeons and ob-gyn doctors to avoid the state's oppressive premiums (typically tripling or quadrupling over the last three years), costs that doctors usually must absorb because of health-insurance contract restrictions. Carbondale brain surgeon Sumeer Lal is moving to South Carolina ($40,000 premium vs. $300,000 in Illinois), and nearly one-fifth of the state's neurosurgeons are closing this year. These days, said outgoing obstetrician Eileen Murphy of Chicago (who makes $170,000 in salary but pays a $138,000 premium), "if anything goes wrong (in delivery), you can almost guarantee you're going to be sued." ---- From a November 2003 article in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association, on the fatal transmission of Rocky Mountain spotted fever from two dogs to their owner: "One man in Mississippi contracted Rocky Mountain spotted fever when he killed ticks he had removed from his dog by biting them with his teeth. This may seem unusual," the veterinarian-authors wrote, "but we have since encountered other persons who claimed to kill ticks by biting them." ---- 23-year-old man in Hartland, Maine, was hospitalized in March after apparently attempting to commit suicide by crucifying himself. According to an account in the Portland Press Herald, he built a wooden cross, placed it on the floor, and nailed one hand to it. According to the officer, "When he realized that he was unable to nail his other hand to the board, he called 911," although the officer said he wasn't sure if the call was for an ambulance or for someone to come help him nail the other hand. ---- News of additional bizarre species was released recently from last year's deep-sea research voyage by scientists from Australia and New Zealand (and reported in News of the Weird in October). The oddest this time was the "deep sea angler fish," because of its sex life. According to Dr. Mark Norman, curator at Museum Victoria in Australia: "The female is the size of a tennis ball. It has big savage teeth" and "a rod lure off the top of its head with a glowing tip to coax in stupid prey." The male "looks like a black jellybean with fins." The mating male bites into the female's side, drinks her blood and gives her sperm. Their flesh eventually fuse together permanently. Said Norman, "They have found females with up to six males attached."

 urlLink the people i deal with every day

 so my neurology exam is finished, and i just got back from eating out in westwood... funny thing happened, there was a bomb threat with a suspicious-looking package on the nearby corner. rather disconcerting to look out the window and see nothing but police cars while you try to scarf down some tacos... oh well, i guess i'll study some more for psych

 i was thinking more about the bullet in the hotdog incident and now i'm adamant that it didn't happen. think about how hotdogs are made: they finely chop and dice various types of meat from various types of animals and upholstery before putting it in a casing. this would have fired the two rounds... not to mention the act of heating up the bullets may have caused them to fire. i also heard that the wieners were kosher, so there's even more quality control, and that all the other wieners they had in stock were cut open and had no bullets in them. i mean, her big evidence for this whole thing is that she has an x-ray of a bullet in her stomach... as if she couldn't have possibly swallowed it herself. i dunno, i guess i assume people are lying and i just generally hate stupid people... good thing i chose medicine as a career

 A woman got on a bus holding a baby. The bus driver looked at the child and blurted out, "That`s the ugliest baby I've ever seen!" Infuriated, the woman slammed her fare into the fare box and took an aisle seat near the rear of the bus. The man seated next to her sensed that she was agitated and asked her what was wrong. "The bus driver insulted me," she fumed. The man sympathized and said, "Why, he shouldn't say things to insult passengers. He could be fired for that." "You're right," she said. "I think I'll go back up there and give him a piece of my mind!" "That's a good idea," the man said. "Here, let me hold your monkey." ---- A policeman stops a motorist and says, ''Excuse me sir, have you been drinking?'' The motorist says, ''Why, have I got a fat girl next to me?'' ---- A little kid asks his father, "Daddy, is God a man or a woman?" "Both son. God is both." After awhile the kid comes again and asks, "Daddy, is God black or white?" "Both son, both." "Daddy, does God love children?" "Yes son, he loves all children." The child returns a few minutes later and says, "Daddy, is Michael Jackson God?"

 vitamin B6 is toxic to nerves... so don't take more than the recommended 2mg daily, as found in most multivitamins. at what dose is it toxic, you ask? 50mg. now i know you're thinking, "who the hell would take 25 multivitamin tablets and get vitamin B6 toxicosis?" well, that's not how people get toxic from it... they get toxic when they purchase the vitamin B6 tablets at costco or sav-on. those tablets start at 200mg...

 Woman swallows bullet she says was in hot dog By LAYLAN CONNELLY IRVINE A Mission Viejo resident says she swallowed a bullet Sunday afternoon after eating a hot dog bought at the Irvine Costco concession stand. Olivia Chanes said she had eaten half a hot dog when she bit into something hard and found a 9mm, unfired cartridge poking out of the meat. Later that night, the 31- year-old said, she began feeling abdominal pain and went to the hospital. X-rays taken at the Mission Hospital emergency room showed she had what appeared to be another bullet in her stomach. She said she believes she swallowed it while eating the hot dog. She recalled feeling something hard go down her throat after her first bite, but thought it might be a piece of her metal braces. She said the doctor at the emergency room assured her it would eventually pass. As of Tuesday afternoon, a bullet remained in her stomach, she said. She has been to the emergency room twice. A photocopied X-ray from Sunday night shows a bullet in the center of her stomach; another from Monday night shows it on the right side and lower in her abdominal area. Costco and Irvine police checked all the hot dogs in stock at the store Sunday afternoon after Chanes notified the store manager. The Orange County Health Care Agency inspected the kitchen area. Irvine police said there have been no other reports of contaminated hot dogs at the store at 115 Technology West. Costco did not return calls Tuesday afternoon. The incident is under investigation by Irvine police and the Health Care Agency. this woman obviously has malingering (intentional production of symptoms for external incentive) along with pica (consumption of non-foodstuffs)... i mean, number 1 this just seems unfathomable that 2 bullets would be in a hot dog and number 2, she thought a 9mm bullet was part of her braces? oh well, psychiatry has definitely left its impression on me... but i do have some great news: TODAY IS MY LAST DAY!!! now all i have to do is study for neuro and then take the neuro and psych tests this friday... and then no more psych for me ever. ah, life is good

 HAPPY DRINKO DE MAYO!!! now let us all celebrate the liberation of 6-packistan...

 no one enjoys urlLink killing koalas , but if you have to kills koalas you might as well enjoy it

 word to the wise, the deadline for filing a class-action claim against microsoft is quickly approaching. every californian is entitled to file a claim and recoup some money. all told, california purchasers can recoup 22% of what they spent on the relevant microsoft goods, including $16 for each copy of windows, $26 for each copy of excel and $5 for each copy of word. the court approved a $270,000 campaign to publicize and implement the settlement, including a urlLink website , to distribute claim forms. no receipts are necessary for customers who purchased five or fewer items and seek less than $100 in reimbursement

 i just found out something interesting. a person from cypress high school is currently playing in major league baseball. his name is urlLink phil seibel , and i think he was class of 99... i didn't know him, but i played little league with his brother geoff

 i just read an article about Pat Summerall, former Nfl announcer, and his recent liver transplant. He's in his 70s or so and needed a transplant because he's a recovering alcoholic. So i thought i'd take this opportunity to talk about the differences in men and women. The enzyme responsible for the breakdown of ethanol, alcohol dehydrogenase, is differentially expressed in men and women. for some reason, men's alcohol dehydrogenase works more efficiently at detoxifying ethanol than women's and i believe it might have something to do with testerone inducing more expression of the enzyme... so men tend to have more of the enzyme than women. this partly explains why women are more responsive to smaller amounts of alcohol than men. (this is different than why many asians are more responsive to alcohol than other groups of people... they tend to lack that enzyme or have slightly defective enzymes) well, since women are less efficient detoxifiers they tend to get liver ramifications earlier then men. for example, take a 145lb 21 year-old man and a 145lb 21 year-old woman who consume similar large amounts of alcohol chronically (also assuming their stress levels, genetic makeup, diet, exercise, etc. are similar)... after 10 to 15 years the woman will show definite signs of liver damage whereas the man won't show signs of damage for 20 to 25 years later. but you may be wondering, "then why do i only ever hear about men getting liver transplants?" the answer is simple. when life starts getting hard, men and women have been shown to react differently. women tend to get depressed, men tend to drink. so while women are more susceptible to alcohol's effects, they just don't drink as much for so long and in the same numbers of men do. ok, hope that was helpful...

 i think it's easy to assume everyone hates mentos commercials, and i especially hate the new ones... the ones where the actor looks at the camera and asks, "when was the last time i needed extra strength mentos?" and they go on to discuss some painful situation. there is one that makes me laugh because a young man talks about this time he's on an airplane next to an elderly woman who asks him, "guess my age?" and "oh can you move so i can get to the bathroom." why do i find this so funny? mentos are for fresh breath... is he saying he needed extra strength mentos so he could make out with this lady during the flight? all i know is that the person(s) responsible for these ads need to be dragged out into the street and shot while their children watch...

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRIS!!

 today was my last day on medicine, meaning i've completed my core clinical clerkships for my third year of medicine... now all that's left in my third year is to take the shelf exam for medicine. so at 10:20am on Friday, July 2, 2004, i will officially be a fourth year medical student. and i finished harbor on a nice note too: i was able to discharge one and transfer the other to psychiatry. i think i did a pretty good job there; it seemed like i was well-liked and appreciated... much more so than at cedars. so my plan for tonight is to get some studying in, maybe pound one or four beers, then study my ass off tomorrow, and then if i'm down for it, maybe hit up a club on friday night...

 by Bill Plaschke It begins when he takes his first step onto the Dodger Stadium outfield grass, leaving the infield and trotting toward the hot corner from hell. "Bar-ry sucks, Bar-ry sucks." It continues when he reaches the worn patch of outfield grass ringed by the expectorated shells of sunflower seeds. "BAL-CO, BAL-CO, BAL-CO." He stares into the wide eyes of the left-field corner and pavilion crowds, and the crowds scream back. "Ster-oids, ster-oids." He flexes his left arm, forming a biceps and a smirk, and they scream louder. "Juice, juice, juice." It continues like this for an entire half-inning, for nine half-innings, for a dozen years now, with an emotion as raw as it is resilient, with voices so filled with hatred one can almost feel the respect. One of the greatest players in baseball history may be the most booed visiting player in Los Angeles sports history. Except, of course, for those moments just before Barry Bonds actually swings his bat. "Excuse me a second," says Gilbert Chavez, a Whittier city employee sitting among the suddenly silent masses in the Dodger Stadium left-field pavilion Tuesday night. "I have to watch him hit." It's like throwing mud on the Mona Lisa. It's like jeering a monument. They might as well be chanting, "The Grand Canyon sucks, the Grand Canyon sucks." Did anybody ever sing like this to Michael Jordan? Joe Montana never heard such music, did he? Yeah, and we all remember when hockey fans would mockingly chant, "Gretz-ky, Gretz-ky." Didn't they? Amid the constant din of disgust Tuesday night during the Dodgers' 2-1 victory over the San Francisco Giants, an usher shakes his head. "Think about it," he says. "They are chanting that Barry Bonds stinks. You can say a lot of things about Barry Bonds, but does he really stink?'' Of course not. But such is the beauty of one of sports' coolest rivalries, in spawning one of its oddest couplings. The Dodger faithful, who Giant officials say boo Bonds louder and longer than any other fans anywhere, don't care about the numbers. It's about the colors. "Ever since he became a Giant, I've loved ripping Barry Bonds more than I've loved sex!" shouts Eric Martinez, 22. "It's the best thing about coming here!" It's about the rumors. "Hey Barry, you dropped a needle," scream a couple of fans, again and again. It's about the low pants, the casual posture, the slow gait, the shrugs, a guy who had the nerve to step into this rivalry in 1993 and immediately own it without sweating it. "There's just so much stuff around him," says Martinez. And so much abuse heaped upon him. "Hey Barry, I see you brought your Sid Bream arm," shouts one fan with a memory. "Steroids are slowing you down!" shout a dozen other fans. When Bonds catches a ball to end an inning Tuesday, everyone boos. When he drops that ball a few seconds later while casually jogging with it toward the infield, they cheer as if he were Eric Gagne running in from the bullpen. Says Dodger bullpen catcher Rob Flippo: "It's like a lot of them aren't even watching the game, they're just here to yell at Bonds." Says David Delfin of El Monte, one of those jeering fans: "Yeah, well, that's why we get these seats. This is fun." The chiding of Bonds is so insistent that even the Dodger Stadium organ riffs seem timed to include cursing chants. "It's amazing, they can be playing any song, and the fans can work in a way to sing, 'Barry [bleeps],' " says Flippo, who sits in the middle of it. The catcalls have become so constant, the Dodgers even notice them from the field. "Oh yeah, that's all they do is ride him," says Dave Roberts. "It's the one series where nobody else has to worry about being booed. He bears the brunt of everything." He bears it with a smile, turning to face the crowd between almost every batter. He bears it with humor, flexing his arms and pumping his fists as the boos increase. In the third inning Tuesday, he not only endured it, he promoted it, spreading his arms and lifting his hands as if encouraging the noise to grow. One of the moodiest men in the game seems to be strangely at home in the hot corner from hell. Perhaps because this is one place where he knows exactly where he stands. "Everybody out here also knows what's going on, even if we don't say it," says fan Chavez. "Everybody rides him, but everybody would love for him to throw us a ball. We say he stinks, but when he hits a home run, we're like, 'Ohhhhhh.' " And when he comes to the plate? "Everybody acts like they hate him, but what do they do when the Dodgers don't let him hit?" asks Chavez. Of course. They boo. "Ten years from now, guaranteed, everyone out here will be telling their kids that they saw the great Barry Bonds play," says Chavez. And, boy, did he "suck." this reminds me of the time dave and i decided to catch a dodgers-giants game... we sat on the field level on the third base side with Barry right in front of us. they gave away noise-makers (aka Thunder Sticks) and for 9 innings straight we banged the hell out of those all the while chanting "Barry Sucks, Barry Sucks"... such an awesome game, such an awesome rivalry

 i love taking naps... except afterwards how i for some reason don't know where i am or what time it is or how i just can't seem to get anything done... and later tonight when i won't be able to fall asleep. but other than that, they're great. i've just been so tired lately and i haven't really had an opportunity to sleep in, so i thought instead of starting to study for my exam (which is this friday) i'd nap. i guess i'm a little more tired from school lately because (1) i'm at harbor and i'm doing medicine and this particular rotation at this location requires a lot of leg work and (2) all the new med school graduates just started, so since i've been on the job for almost a month i get the pleasure of helping them out a lot. so there's a lot of stress related to that... plus it's funny to see all the new grads freak out as they're now finally doctors. i've never seen so many people so completely unsure of themselves in my life... and now i'm at a crossroads. i had thought that i'd be going into general surgery before i started my internal medicine rotation and i came into this rotation with deal of sorts that i had with myself. i knew that the only rotation i had liked so far was surgery, but that i wasn't too particularly enthralled by some of the details of it (high stress, long hours, long residency, dealing with huge egos)... and i also remembered that on my plastics rotation, i was less than keen on some of the aspects of actually doing the operation. but compared to all the other rotations i had done, these were trivial. on peds, the only part i enjoyed was the peds ER; on ob/gyn, i only enjoyed it ending; on family, i enjoyed urgent care but none of those damn wellness checks; on outpatient medicine, i enjoyed only showing up half a day per week; on psych, i loved how the residents knew i hated being there and let me go home early; on neuro, i actually enjoyed the puzzle-like nature neurological deficits but i hated the lack of therapy we could offer and the long ass clinics... plus i really enjoy surgery's short notes. by far the shortest of all the rotations. however, i had yet to do medicine and while i didn't think i'd like it, i thought i should give it a shot. and i actually like it. and to be honest, i enjoyed it a lot more at harbor than at cedars. which is really funny since cedars is so cush... i guess i like having shit to do instead of just sitting around waiting for it to get done. so i my plan now is that it's been so long since i've done surgery that i will do my next rotation (which is vascular surgery) and halfway through i'll decide if i'm going to do surgery or medicine... scary thought that i'm 4 weeks from making another career decision. another thing i've noticed is that there's a select group of people i know who only IM me when they want something from me. mostly directions or something easy like that but i also get the occasional one where they want me to email them study aids or the like. and i know they feel awkward just coming out and asking me for it, so they make inane chatter for a couple minutes before they casually ask if i have the study aids and another couple of minutes before they get around to asking me if i can send it to them. look, i know we don't converse normally via IM so i already suspect you want something, so just come out and ask... it saves a lot of time

 just in case you find a dead body and need to determine its time of death, you can always figure it out urlLink here

 NAPLES, Florida (AP) -- A man who walked into a Wal-Mart covered in blood and bought garbage bags Friday was charged with murder after authorities found a stabbed body in a trash bin. Wal-Mart workers called deputies after a blood-soaked man walked into the store and bought some clothes, bandages and trash bags around 4 a.m. He paid with a $100 bill that also appeared to be bloodstained, they said, and drove off in a pickup. Deputies found a man that matched workers' description, but the man fled. Sheddrick Deon Bentley, 26, was arrested after a second search. Bentley was charged with killing Cory Brightman, 18, whose body was found in a trash bin about two miles from the hotel where authorities found a white Dodge pickup that had blood on it. Authorities said Bentley told officers Brightman attacked him with a knife near a trash bin and he fought back in self-defense. Bentley had cuts on his hands, but they didn't appear to be defense injuries, authorities said. Inside the trash bin was a pair of bloody sneakers that matched the footprints at Wal-Mart and in front of the house of a witness who said she saw Bentley and Brightman fighting. Bentley is the nephew of former Indianapolis Colts running back Albert Bentley and had been living with his uncle for about two months. Albert Bentley said his nephew and Brightman were friends. "They were together a couple of days ago," Albert Bentley said. "They were hanging out together. Everything seemed fine." Bentley, who also faces charges including grand theft auto, was held without bail at the Collier County Jail.

 i have relatives from cincinnati who left ohio yesterday morning and have been driving straight through to my parents' house. they should get here in an hour or so and they plan on staying for about two weeks... hopefully no one will get on anyone's nerves. anyways, i'm on call tomorrow so i guess i better live it up tonight, just hopefully not too well. other than that, i've been talking to a couple chicas and one sounds promising... but who knows? also almost got a chick's number via chris, but i kinda lost steam in regards to pursuing that girl once i was sober... liquor always gives me courage. maybe i should become an alcoholic

 as they welcome their brand new daughter, Isabel Ngoc-Chen Phamvan, into the world. This bouncing baby girl was born at 9am today and weighed a healthy 6 lbs, 12 oz... I had guessed the baby would be about 7 lbs, so I was pretty close. Pearl did lose some blood in the delivery, but both she and her new baby are doing great... I know this because I just visited them at the UCLA hospital. I'm glad I went straight from work and still had my white coat on... I doubt they would've let me in so easy

 the life expectancy of a toilet is 35 years, a bathtub's is 25

 i was reading about different infectious causes of diarrhea today in preparation for a case-based learning session and i was trying to find some info on a kind that develops in people who recently went camping... appropriately titled camper's diarrhea. i wasn't have much luck on emedicine.com, so i just did a yahoo search and lo and behold my very own blog came up in the search results. wow, i've really talked about a wide range of things on this blog, haven't i?

 it was so slow today in the afternoon that i went to the med student call room and took an hour nap. it wasn't as restful as i would've liked... i was afraid my pager would go off at any second, and when i did finally wake up i realized i needed a longer nap.

 within the last week i've seen 3 patients that were all around 30 and all had taken cocaine and/or methamphetamine. cocaine and methamphetamine both increase your norepinephrine (also called noradrenaline, a compound similar to adrenaline) levels, so both drugs act similarly in the body. anyhow, one got busted by the cops and decided he'd hide the evidence by swallowing his bag of cocaine. yea, he pretty much went unconscious, started having a seizure and then needed to get intubated. he ended up having a heart attack. another patient decided to do cocaine and methamphetamines and then tried walking to his friend's house... en route he was attacked by two dogs and got some nasty wounds. the worst part was how the cocaine and meth clamped down the arteries to his kidneys and went into kidney failure...now he needs dialysis. the third patient decided to do an eight ball, which apparently was too much for him. so when i saw him in the ER, his body was jerking around so much (not seizure-like though) that he damaged his skeletal muscles and now some of the proteins loosened inside his blood will undoubtedly mess up his kidneys for the next 6 weeks or so...

 Keep the noise low, She doesnt want to blow it. Shaking head to toe while your left hand does the show me around Quickens your heartbeat, It beats me straight into the ground You dont recover from a night like this. A victim, still lying in bed - completely motionless. A hand moves in the dark to a zipper. Hear a boy bracing tightagainst sheets barely whisper, This is so messed up. Upon arrival the guests had all stared, Dripping wet and clearly depressed, he'd headed straight for the stairs. No longer cool, but a boy in a stitch. Unprepared for a life full of lies and failing relationships. (Up the stairs, the station where the act becomes the art of growing up.) He keeps his hands low, He doesn't wanna blow it. He's wet from head to toe, and his eyes give her the up and the down. His stomach turns, and he thinks of throwing up But the body on the bed beckons forward, and he starts growing up. The fever, the focus, The reasons that I had to believe you weren't too hard to sell. Die young and save yourself The tickle, the taste of... It used to be the reason I breathe, but now it's choking me up. Die young and save yourself. She hits the lights, This doesn't seem quite fair. Despite everything he learned from his friends, he doesn't feel so prepared. She's breathing quiet and smooth, He is gasping for air. This is the first and last time, he says She fakes a smile, and presses her hips into his. He keeps his hands pinned down at his sides. He's holding back from telling her exactly what it really feels like. He is the lamb, she is the slaughter. She's moving way too fast, and all he wanted was to hold her. Nothing that he tells her is really having an effect. He whispers that he loves her, but she's probably only looking for sss... (Up the stairs, the station where the act becomes the art of growing up.) So much more than he could ever give, A life full of lies and meaningful relationships. He keeps his hands pinned down at his sides, He waits for it to end and for the aching in his gut to subside. The fever, the focus, The reason that I had to believe you weren't too hard to sell. Die young and save yourself. The tickle, the taste of It used to be the reason that I breathed, but now it's choking me up. Die young and save yourself. Up the stairs, the station where the act becomes, the art of growing up. The fever, the focus, The reason that I had to believe you weren't too hard to sell. Die young and save yourself. The tickle, the taste of It used to be the reason that I breathed, but now it's choking me up. Die young and save yourself.

 i've been really busy lately so sorry if i'm neglecting you all. but on a negative note, my car got more issues this past couple o' days. my check engine light came on and i didn't notice any change in the way my car was driving, but i did notice the battery meter was decreasing as i was driving. my dad was able to deduce that it was my alternator going awry and he was right. but he didn't have a chance to fix it until this afternoon, so i had to drive to harbor under threat of the alternator failing and the car being unable to drive. so as i'm cruising up the 405, i go to adjust my rearview mirror when IT COMES OFF. the mirror is just glued onto the windshield and i guess the adhesive finally just gave way. anyhow, when my dad was picking up my alternator at the store he also picked up some epoxy for the mirror... which i didn't know was such an issue that there's a market for rearview mirror adhesive. anyhow, back to the drudgery that is my life. although on a plus note, got a few conversations going with some people of the female type... stay tuned.

 i'm technically on call today, but because i have to give a talk tomorrow i was able to get out relatively early (~5pm). so after stalling, dawdling, and procrastinating, i finished my research on pleural effusions and decided to go out with some friends for some drinkin' and some dancin'. i was kinda digging a vibe off one of the girls in the group i came with, but decided that it'd be best probably not to venture down that path... our personalities match up well, but i don't want to create any awkwardness between the groups that we associate with. my buddy and i left the club early (important since i have to be in early maana) and then we discussed the issues surrounding a topic that was well overdue (my ex, his roommate... they're not dating)... there were a LOT of unsolved issues regarding this topic, and i think i was able to address a good portion of them... i'm glad he was able to appreciate my POV. anyhow, i'm going to bed... meatwad get the moneys, meatwad get the honeys. #1 in the hood, g.

 found out that after one year sweeping the dugout at dodger stadium, he'll get to be a batboy too... freakin' awesome, man.

 since i didn't get into the spiderman preview last night, i got an invite to another movie tonight starring seth green, matthew lillard, and dax shepard (from punk'd) called "without a paddle." it was pretty funny and i would probably see it again, but here's the cool part. it was shown at mann's chinese theatre in hollywood (i've never been there), so not only did i get to see the theatre but i walked on the hollywood walk of fame and the concrete where the stars sign their names, plus the theatre is next to the kodak theatre (where they hold the oscars). possibly the best part was that because of traffic we got to the theatre 30 minutes after we were supposed to start lining up, but we saw a guy from the night before and he frickin' walked us up to the very front of the line... HAHAHAHA. in another LA note, my brother was offered a job sweeping the dugout at dodger stadium before, during, and after weekend games. his coach for pony baseball has connections in the dodger organization and offered my brother and his friend the jobs out of the blue... now i hope that he can get me into a couple of games...

 more than a third of the Canadians think their country will become a part of the United States within the next 50 years.

 lakers lost in the finals? what the hell? oh well, maybe this will separate the true laker fans from the fair-weather fans that they've attracted as of late. i went to an mtv screening of spiderman 2 tonight, however some people i went with were overly late so we ended up standing in line for a long time and ended up not even seeing the movie... but we spent so much time speaking with the people responsible for overseeing the workings of the screening that i think i can get into a couple press screenings in the up-coming weeks. but after getting left out of the festivities, my friends and i headed back to my place and we watched the glory that is aqua teen hunger force... and i had a couple gin and tonics, so good times. anyhow, i'm in great need of an awesome chick who is really into me... so if you're out there, contact me somehow... {damn, i'm a loser}

 Mr. Jian Feng, of Hegang in northern China, suspicious when his wife gave birth to a baby he regarded as seriously ugly, got her to admit that, though she was not adulterous, she had herself been seriously ugly before she met Jian, but had had major plastic surgery in South Korea and now did not much resemble her genetic look. (Even so, Jian divorced her and in May sued her for fraud.) [South African Press Association-Deutsch Presse-Agentur, 5-19-04] ---- An 18-year-old man survived (but was in critical condition) after losing at a variation of Russian roulette (six open cans of Mountain Dew, one spiked with antifreeze) at a party.[Bluefield (W.Va.) Daily Telegraph, 5-27-04]

 the simpsons: season 4 came out today. bestbuy has it for $29, whereas the mrsp is $40... why does it all of a sudden feel like i'm advertising several products lately

 i got two t-shirts recently: one's light blue with dark blue trim around the neck and arm-holes, whereas the other is brown with tan trim. why am i so proud of these shirts, you ask? am i so bereft of any semblance of an actual life that i boast about my shirts? well, yes. but what makes these shirts so awesome is that the blue one reads, "also available in sober" and shows a guy holding a martini while the brown one reads, "medium pimping" and shows a quarter and some other coins. i got them at urlLink t-shirt hell.com and they got some pretty funny shirts there... they also have a link to "worse than hell" where they do not recommend anyone purchasing one of those shirts (one shirt that is no longer on there read, "is it pedophilia if the kid's dead?")... so disturbing, yet funny

 this only makes sense if you watch aqua teen hunger force on cartoon network's adult swim... or you're like me and bought the dvd. it's incredibly stupid, incredibly funny show about a milkshake (Mastershake), a meatball (Meatwad), and a med. order of fries (Frylock) who have special powers and try to take on evildoers from their home in southern New Jersey. again, very stupid but insanely funny. anyhow, call wasn't all that bad on saturday... i guess because i'm starting to like medicine. who knows, maybe i am cut out for this crap. the only issue i have is that i had to be on call on a saturday which, understandably, is never a fun idea... another odd thing going on is that i've been having a hankerin' to go to a club... i was supposed to go to one two weeks ago but a couple people had too much to drink before hand and where feeling sick (i was not one of those people). so yea, i'm kinda in a dancing mood...

 i got to ucla at 7:30 this morning and i didn't return until 5:30... that's a long ass day of testing. the physical exam portion of the exam was incredibly easy, and the only things i missed was something no one ever does... i mean, who the hell auscultates femoral bruits outside of a vascular surgery clinic? so after 5 hours of that nonsense, i had just enough time to scarf down a hamburger before heading off to my radiology exam... which was not worth the anxiety everyone has about it. it was either so easy to be insulting or so off-the-wall i didn't care what i answered. regarding the board exam, by that time i was so mentally exhausted i didn't stress about anything on it. i felt like i could either answer correctly or make a really good guess... oh well hahahahaha... i just read my psychiatry and neurology evaluations and i did pretty well. the only negative comment i had was that my write-ups were a bit brief... well what did they expect? i just had gotten off an 8 week block of clinic note-writing (i.e. short and sweet) and i have a surgeon's mentality for note-writing (shorter, sweeter). but i think my psych eval was hilarious: although i hated every second i was there, was always trying to duck out early, and i did 0 of the 5 psych ER call-nights i was supposed to, i got the second highest possible eval... outstanding. i know, i'm shocked and amused to. i guess since they knew i was going into surgery yet still participated adequately in patient management, that was enough for them to say, "outstanding." oh my

 unless you count the millions of deaths each year from mosquito-borne illnesses... but i'm not talking about that kind of stagnation. not too much is really going on in my life other than school... hence it feels like my life has stagnated over the past few days (get the title tie-in?). i have a huge day of testing tomorrow that involves a clinic in the morning... wait, did i talk about this exam already? lemme check... alright, i knew i talked about the structure of the exam. anyway, that's tomorrow. not really freaking out it about because i know i can do a good physical exam, i think i can weasel my way through all the radiology questions, and i need to do poorly on the practice board exam so i can be motivated to do well on the real boards. the only thing i'm anxious about is that the clinic portion of the exam is video taped... so i hope i don't get any performance anxiety. ok, so in my traditional style of "studying," i'm going to go watch the lakers stake a huge halftime lead, only to narrowly defeat the pistons in the final minute or so... you know, standard lakers game. i think this is why, as i laker fan, i'm never satisfied with a lakers' lead unless it's at least 10 points...

 students in American universities spend more on liquor than on books

 the sense that i had of some change occurring in my life, for the bettermost i surmised, has now been vanquished... nothing like a grueling day of call to quelch any optimistic ideation

 strangers don't like it when you bite them. they LOVE it

 i feel different today. i feel like there's been a change in my life and i'm not sure what to attribute it to. maybe i connected with this morning's sermon more than i usually do... maybe i've come to the realization i need to take a more proactive role in my life... maybe it's the haircut (like a samson-type deal)... or maybe it's because i just got some financial aid. the weird thing is that i wasn't supposed to get it for another month, so either ucla messed up and gave it to me early or, as i hope is the case, they messed up and i'm going to get even more financial aid in a month... but keep it on the down-low. oh shit, then i shouldn't mention it here. {{whistling}} nope, nothing going on here... certainly no one got financial aid early. {{whistling}} anyway, ucla makes all the third year students take a day of testing. it involves a morning in which i have to evaluate 8 patients, as if it were a clinic, then take a radiology exam, and then a practice board exam. mine is this friday, so i'll be spending the next couple days studying for it all. good thing it hasn't been just perfect beach weather outside... ah, the sarcasm that accompanies studying.

 well, i just heard reagan died at the tender age of 93. i always liked reagan, even though his presidency was filled with problems, but he was cool. especially how he was so instrumental in getting rid of communism in the communist bloc countries... anyhow, i chopped all my hair off. mostly because the lady who was cutting my hair misunderstood me and took too much off, but within the next couple of weeks i'll be back at a length that is much more style-able (what?). and in regards to urlLink vinicio's post on fashion, i noticed a trend a while ago in this area... mostly because i didn't like wearing my ezekiel or hurley t-shirts so much (unless they were a darker color, and only had a small logo in the center of the front). i started gravitating towards solid stretch t-shirts and striped dress shirts with sleeves rolled up (i bought them mostly from the thrift store too), along with dark jeans (no more cargo pants) or dickies shorts... oh and can't forget my retro 70s style shoes and puma jacket. the only problem i did have was that i never had enough free time to really pimp my goods out on the ladies... now i just need to find a better place to hang.

 today was my last day at cedars, and the plush life has now ended. but on the plus side, i did get to participate when a code blue was called on a patient. my important job? check his previous labs... i know, what would they have done without me?

 i just got a friendster message from an ex-girlfriend... now that's completely unexpected.

 i spent three hours this morning watching a video on a mock malpractice trial... one that was based off of a real case. i'm glad to see that the doctor won even though his lawyer was fumbling around with his argument and the plaintiff's lawyer was a cocky bastard. anyways, i'm just chilling here at ucla and i'm really getting psyched about next year. because exactly one year from today, i will be graduating from medical school. SWEET MERCIFUL CRAP!!! it's been a long, long road and i still have more to go, but i think this past year has been the most inspiring year of my life... and i'm definitely gonna enjoy the next couple of months...

 soda supplies roughly 25% of the average american's daily caloric intake. and these are empty calories... interestingly enough, another recent study showed if children were to replace their soda intake with milk, they'd lose weight... assuming the milk was at the very most 4% milk-fat.

 so i shouldn't complain. i guess the only thing i really have to complain about is after all that fretting and reading i did about adrenal insufficiency, i didn't get to talk about it because we were running behind and the patient was awaiting discharge... so while i was pissed i put that much effort into it, especially since i woke up early this morning so i could read some more, i'm glad i didn't have to worry about the stress of being pimped on the topic. on the plus side, i'm almost halfway through with medicine... but i'm going to harbor on monday for the continuation of my rotation, but harbor is a lot of work. however, i'll learn a lot... so i guess that's a plus.

 that's what the fbi is saying in regards to two propane trucks being stolen. even though they're also saying that the trucks could be used in terrorist attacks here in the US... but don't worry. we'll be fine. haha...

 got the hospital at 7:30am, and i just now got home. looooong day... but not too busy. i spent of the day just waiting for shit to happen and i finally got a patient to work up, but only after my resident told me to read an article on adrenal insufficiency so i can give the team a short talk on the subject tomorrow during rounds. but this patient ended up being quite complicated, so it took a while, and i have yet to make a dent into my reading... plus i have to read about my new patient. damn it!! why didn't anyone tell me that med school would be so hard. but now i'm gonna try to read up some, get some sleep, and then wake up early and read some more.

 sunburns suck

 i just heard of the recent trade the dodgers made with the marlins, and i can't imagine not having paul lo duca in the lineup anymore. he played every game all out and made one of the best catches i've ever seen... not to mention he hit his first career grand slam at the last dodger game i went to. thank you paul for your commitment to this team and the fact that you cared more about the name on the front of your jersey than the one on the back. you were by far my most favorite player... now i just hope the loss of a player of your caliber will be parlayed into getting steve finley and randy johnson; if not, there's going to be a lot of angry dodger fans out there. one thing i noticed, with the previous two ownership changes the dodgers have had, the new front office traded a popular catcher to the marlins during the season (paul lo duca now, mike piazza in 1998)

 chimpanzees can't tap dance

 In 1999, a federal judge in Syracuse, N.Y., rejected another in a series of lawsuits by Donald Drusky of East McKeesport, Pa., in his 30-year battle against USX Corp. for ruining his life by firing him in 1968. Furthermore, Drusky sued "God ... the sovereign ruler of the universe" for taking "no corrective action" against any of Drusky's enemies and demanded that God compensate him with professional guitar-playing skills and the resurrection of his mother.

 i've just noticed that no one is commenting any more... not really complaining or anything, but i mean, is this blog no longer interesting? haha

 standard call night, except that since there's a bunch of new third year medical students that don't realize just how enthusiastic they actually have to be (i.e. not very), there was 6 students on last night. so our attending pretty much spent his time lecturing us on how to run a trauma... it was fun though. except for today, which was supposed to be a light-day, but with the computer system going down i didn't get out of there until 4... now i'm going to catch a light dinner and clean my kitchen

 hundreds of millions of years ago, dinosaurs ruled the land. now it's ruled by congress... some things never change.

 i took the urlLink gay test , and i'm only 16% gay... i figure that's because i can be sensitive sometimes... that is, when i'm not pounding beers and checkin' out broads

 my weekend was alright... saturday morning i got out of the hospital pretty early (9am), and i went to my parents house where i just chilled out for a while. i then went over to chris' parents' house to play some cards, but we were interrupted by yet another power outage. once the lights came back on, we were already in the midst of some good card playing. halfway through the night, while playing 7 card stud, i definitely one of the best possible card combos. i started off with a queen and a seven in the hole, with another queen face up for a nice pair to start off the game. my next up-card was a 7, giving me two pair, followed by a crap card that didn't do shit, and my last up-card was another 7... i had a full house. well, we get one more down-card, and it was a 7!!!! i had four of a kind!!! needless to say, i won that hand. today was rather fun. after another sermon on sex at church (a real good message and not in a all-you-heathens-are-going-to-hell sort of way), my dad and i went to see the bourne supremacy. i consider the bourne identity to be one of my favorite movies of all-time, so i was understandably really looking forward to this one... and it did not disappoint. in fact, i'd be willing to see it again...

 i just spent the last week on vascular surgery with a really cute third year medical student and i was going to ask her out, but it felt too weird for some reason. i was thinking about her just now as i was reading about how great the dodgers are doing recently (having won 16 of their last 18), and i realized i need a girl who isn't necessarily a huge sports fan but is more than willing to attend several dodger games with me (ok, we could hit up a few angels' games if need be)... i haven't met many people who don't want to hit up a game or two, but i like to make this desire o'mine known... damn it, i should've asked her out

 so i was on trauma call last night, and i thoroughly enjoyed myself... a guy came in after getting shot twice in the abdomen, so we immediately rushed him to surgery. i got to scrub in and at one point i had both of my hands on his intestines... definitely not something for everyone. now i plan to get some sleep, maybe drop by mad greek, possibly watch bourne supremacy, and then go play poker with the boys...

 if you notice the title of two posts ago, you could potentially write it as "eye here they're tacos our grate." crazy language, this one of ours is...

 i was only at the hospital from 5:45am to 3:30pm today, and i took the opportunity to stop off at best buy and pick up some long overdue purchases (ok, these items came out tuesday)... i bought aqua teen hunger force volume 2, starsky and hutch, and the new hives cd. i just love their new single, walk idiot walk. now it's time for me to go to bed, as i am on call tomorrow...

 if northern california were to secede from california, i think we should call it baja oregon...

 a recent study showed 1 in 5 Germans feel the purpose of drinking is solely to get drunk... them my kinds of people

 another long day, but at least i got the joy of wheeling a patient down to the CT scanner and trying to maneuver him on the CT bed... ah, the joys of scut work. and only 2 and a half weeks left!

 you know what's fun? working at a hospital from 9am to 6pm... of the next day.

 so it's 1am, i'm tired, my back hurts, my knees ache, and i have a patient that reeks. but at least the 3rd year med student i'm working with is really cute... i'm incredibly tempted to go to bed, but i think my patient might go to the OR during the night and i should probably be there for that... i'm thinking surgery might not be for me. it has been only one day on service and there's all this anxiety i have over learning a new service, new physical exam findings, and new info for history taking, but i'm just not feeling it... i'm also not feeling working too hard right now, so maybe i will go hit the hay...

 nothing better than strolling onto a new service only to discover that you're on trauma call overnight... hurrah. it's been pretty hectic as a 4th year med student, especially since the intern handed me two patient names and told me to go see them... unlike normal where they know about the patient somewhat already and tell me about them. but i already got to scrub into a BKA (below the knee amputation) and one of my patients will require a AKA (above the knee amputation) for the gangrenous foot he has... dear god that smells to high heaven. well, on that note i'm going to find my partner in crime and hopefully slink off to the call room...

 last free weekend for a while... three weeks to be exact; but it was fun.&nbsp; on friday chris, dave, john, and i headed out to westwood and we each drank 1 liter of beer.&nbsp; on saturday i hooked up my parents' new computer and i had the joy of updating windows xp via dial-up.&nbsp; they will be getting dsl this week... a little too late for my tastes.&nbsp; i then went over to a family bbq that blew beyond belief and i was able to cut out early with the excuse that i needed to go check up on the new computer as i left it still downloading the updates.&nbsp; finished off the day with what has become my standard routine of playing darts at kyle's house.&nbsp; today, i went back to church for the first time in what feels like 2 months... i'm not falling out of the church or anything, it's just my last rotation kept me working on several consecutive sundays.&nbsp; but it felt really good to get back there and listen to the pastor's sermon on how the bible speaks positively about sex... definitely not a topic often heard in church and i commend the pastor for the courage he had for talking about it.&nbsp; if you want to hear a repeat of the sermon, you can check it out urlLink here . this church is definitely not your typical sunday morning bore-fest and i recommend all those people interested to check it out (that's enough proselytizing for now). but now i'm just chilling back in my apartment, reading up on some issues of vascular surgery as i'm starting my first 4th year rotation tomorrow morning... kinda scary. med school graduation countdown currently at: 320 days left

 according to these surveys by the national constitution center, only 41% of american teens can identify th three branches of government... more than half of all american adults do not know the senate has 100 members... and almost a quarter of this country cannot name a single right guaranteed by the first amendment.&nbsp; why does this all matter? because we live in a democracy, and these same people who know nothing about our government elect that government, which means that they decide whether or not we go to war, whether cities are destroyed, whether people lose their lives... great, i made us all miss wrestling because of this rant

 martha stewart was sentenced today to a 5 month sentence and there's a poll on cnn.com asking if she'll be able to rebound to "greatness" due to her criminal history... i mean, of course she will.&nbsp; she committed insider trading, not murder... well, at least that we know of

 today was day 2 of porcine surgery... this time around we had to do a laparascopic cholecystectomy (minimally invasive gall bladder surgery).&nbsp; we had to insert 3 probes and a camera into the pig's belly and tried to remove the gall bladder from underneath the liver.&nbsp; there was a little bit of awkwardness at first, mostly trying to coordinate our hand movements with what we saw on the screen, but eventually (i.e. 1 hour, 45 minutes later) we were able to free up the gall bladder from all the connective tissue, staple the cystic duct and the cystic artery, and then pull the gall bladder out.&nbsp; pete and i picked up on using the instruments real quick, whereas the other two people in our group were just absolutely horrible at it... it was so frustrating that at times pete and i would end up with both of our hands on instruments while the other two just watched.&nbsp; i mean, it was practically comedy watching one guy try to orient a piece of bowel so we could staple it... he tried for like 3 minutes before i took the camera from pete so he could take that guy's grasper... oh well but last night michelle, pete, and i went out to a club in santa monica... i don't normally go clubbing during the week, but one of michelle's friends had a bday party there and we were on the guest list.&nbsp; when we got there at 11, the guest list line was huge and we were all set to just drive back to our apartment and drink.&nbsp;however, michelle saw one of her friends near the front of the line so we just cut in with him... the club ended up being more expensive than advertised and the dance floor was littered with women that just aren't my type, but i had a good time nonetheless.&nbsp; although i didn't enjoy it too much this morning, having woken up only 4 hours after falling asleep...

 so there's 4 things a guy should keep in mind when trying to get a woman: 1) you need a woman who will cook and clean for you 2) you need a woman who will make a lot of money 3) you need a woman who is great in bed and is a nymphomaniac 4) you need to make sure these three women never meet each other

 compared to yesterday, today was boring as hell... nothing but radiology for 6 hours straight.&nbsp; at least we had an asshole lecturer to start the day off, otherwise it would have been boring throughout

 since the GOP is spending so much time trying to pass an antigay marriage amendment, maybe they'd be able to find Osama easier if he was trying to get a gay marriage

 second place is just a fancy word for loser

 very interesting day today. started out checking out a lot of the lab medicine and pathology services down in the basement, then i got to do a liver biopsy on a chicken, then i watched an autopsy on a 114 year old woman, then i had lunch, and, to top it off, i got to perform chest surgery on a pig... laparoscopically!!! it was so frickin' difficult because we had to work between ribs and we couldn't get the lung to collapse... so we took some lung biopsies, cut a pericardial window, and got a good sense of the anatomy before we converted to an open thoracotomy and spread those ribs apart. i actually got to put my hands around a beating heart...

 i was going to post something really hilarious last night, but blogger was doing some maintenance and now i can't remember what i was going to say... oh well

 you can't spell manslaughter without laughter

 of orientation. it started out pretty good: we got to dissect rats. pete and i did a real good job and we were getting compliments on our dissection from all the surgeons there. so after a couple hours of fun, we had to sit and listen to several hours of lecture on advanced trauma life support... that blew. oh well, i guess... i guess i'm learning something

 no party this time around though...

 and his "coconut radios for all" pledge. seriously, i'd rather give my vote to some no name than vote for W or Scary Kerry. neither look good to me, and i'd only vote for kerry because of edwards... damn, i'm so disenchanted

 this past week i've been horrible at blogging... because i've been so damn busy. well, i figured i only had one week of summer vacation so i had better live it up. so in that spirit, i went to a great dodger game today... but i got a little too much sun. when will i learn? alright, i better clean up my apartment or try to do something constructive with my time... who am i kidding?

 flew back from vegas today, then i saw spiderman 2, then i went cosmic bowling, then i played darts... i'm beat

 Mrs. Landers was a health nut, she cooked food in a wok, Mr. Harris was her boyfriend and he had a great big cock-a-doodle doodle, the rooster just won't click, and i don't want my breakfast because it tastes like shihtzu's make good housepets they're cuddly and sweet, monkeys aren't good to have, because they like to beat their meeting in the office, a meeting in the hall, the boss he wants to see you so you can suck his balzac was a writer he lived with alan fundt Mrs. Roberts didn't like him but that's because she's a cuntaminated water can really make you sick, your bladder gets infected and blood comes out your dictate what i'm saying 'cause it will bring you luck, and if you all don't like it, I don't give a flying fuck

 current rumor going around is that the owner of the Angels wants to change the name from Anaheim Angels to the Los Angeles Angels, their original name when the started in the American League over 40 years ago... and did you notice when you write "the Los Angeles Angels" you're actually writing "the The Angels Angels?"

 took the family on a tour of LA today... we strolled down Rodeo Dr, put our hands in the handprints of stars, gawked at all the names on the Walk of Fame, and posed in front of the Hollywood sign. i also showed them the glory of LA traffic... but now i'm so tired

 so we had a large contingent up at the old k-mart: danny, josh, michelle, kyle, todd, john, vincent, chris, christina, dave, jocelyn, and myself... we were having a great time, lighting off modified piccolo petes and the occasional "illegal" firework that todd had brought along. that is, until the buena park pd showed up and questioned christina, todd, and i over the fireworks. they asked us about who lit off the mortars and i flatly stated, "the only fireworks i have are the piccolo petes and mad dog fountains i have in my bag." unfortunately, todd has a cache of firecrackers and mortars, so they talked to him for awhile whereas christina and i got to leave... but not before i demanded our IDs back. so while todd was being detained by the fuzz, i found out michelle helped my cause by telling 5-0 that i was a doctor... so i think they believed me when i said all i had were the piccolo petes (i failed to mention we modified any fireworks). in any event, a half hour later the FUCKIN' PADDY WAGON ROLLS UP and they take todd (kyle's brother by the way) downtown for fingerprinting and give him a $1200 fine. kyle and josh then followed them to the station and we found out that modifying legal fireworks constitutes a felony... so i got off for committing a felony, but todd got rounded up for a misdemeanor. don't think i'm not glad it didn't work out the other way, but holy shit man. yea, so after josh and kyle followed the paddy wagon, we all took off for jocelyn's house in buena park and we lit off the rest of the fireworks... so hot damn. what have you been up to?

 celebrating it with the family, as always, at the los alamitos armed forces base. then i will embark on a mission of death-defiance as modified piccolo petes sail through the air with wild abandon... even more astounding is the amount of fireworks i purchased

 is what i have after a night of heavy, heavy, heavy... did i say heavy?... drinking. i've got an anion-gap acidosis from the ethanol and a metabolic alkalosis from the vomiting, but otherwise i'm doing fine. had an awesome time though, and i only made a slight idiot out of myself... damn those girls were hot

 i've been drinking since 4pm in celebration of my completion of 3rd year. now i'm gonna head off to some ritzy LA club/restaurant and hang out with my wang out... hahahaha

 i told people that i'd finish my exam this morning at 9:30... we were supposed to start at 8 and we were given 2 hours, 10 minutes (i dunno) for 100 questions. well, we didn't actually start until 8:30 and i got out of there a bit before 10... so my time estimate was dead on. now i get to enjoy a whole week off!!! ah crap i need more time...

 John: any plans for the 4th? Me: like always, i will be attending the festivities at the los alamitos reserve base with my family John: and after? Me: this year we have relatives from ohio joining us Me: after i plan on imbibing excessive amounts of alcohol all the while modifying fireworks such that i fear for my life Me: you? John: hahaha mind if i join u?

 urlLink bill cosby on another tirade...

 poor, poor chris... nothing seems to going his way as of late

 happy canada day, everyone!! the day that reminds us all that canada is... uh... well... america junior? i have no idea what this day is about...

 those trades still sting, but you have to like the blue crew's nice little 6.5 game division lead...

 i'm so glad i slept for 10 hours the other night because yesterday i was on from 5:30am to 10pm (that wasn't a call night either) and today, which was an early day, i didn't leave until 7pm... but tomorrow's my last day and i pretty much have a general surgery spot at harbor next year. the residency director offered to write me a letter of recommendation and he said i'd fit in real well there...

 fell asleep at 6:30 last night with the intention of taking a one hour nap, but i didn't wake up until my alarm went off at 4:30 this morning... but damn do i feel refreshed

 only 4 more days of vascular surgery left and then i go onto autopsy pathology, which is a very easy rotation. but it's not like i won't be busy... my sister and dad's bdays are coming up, i have to write my CV and personal statement, i need to start my residency application, and i have to start researching more on my upcoming visit to australia... sheesh

 he has a tendency to delete posts unexpectedly, so i thought i'd provide a link to this urlLink hilarious political satire

 i was at a county western bar in san dimas last night, bringing back haunting images of a club i went to in san berdu, and i was disappointed in the quality of the women that were there as i was told a bouncing bevy of beauties is usually there. there was one chick that was digging on me, and her friend was really trying to get me over there to talk to her but (1) she wasn't cute and (2) when i finally introduced myself, she had the crappiest teeth i've seen. but it was funny when we accidently ran into them at denny's later that night, as the title of this post states...

