 EATING RAOUL Low budget, gross, but funny as hell. Even Kim, perpetually squeamish, thought this one was funny. I just upgraded to blogspot plus - wanna see if I can crosspost images, so here's one of: Kim!!! It's our 24th anniversary today. Please go down the page and reread the song I wrote for her last week. It's as close as I can get with words. She is my whole world.

 ROMEO MUST DIE Got a new blog.. http://ching.jentleness.net.. Come look!

 SUDDENLY LAST SUMMER High psychodrama with Liz, Katherine, and Monty (I think) - and the absolute squirmiest subject matter imaginable. Ecch. Very well done, though, and daring for its time (late 50's?). Still, ecch. The outpouring of support for Andy and Sarah was really moving - we probably got 20 or 25 notes from friends on the internet. That sense of community is maybe the best thing about the 'net. Speaking of the 'net, looks like Garry Trudeau's set his sights on Bloggers this week: I'm sure he doesn't mean US. [g]

 Our deepest sympathy to you and your family Daf. You'll be in our prayers.

 Skipping the movie thing for a moment... We got a call from Andy (our 18 y/o son) last night - his wife of four months, Sarah, miscarried twins. She's okay physically, but they're heartbroken. So are we. Please pray for Andy and Sarah and their lost babies.

 TOM JONES One of the sexiest movies of all time. Especially the oyster scene... Here's a song for Kim: It's our 24th anniversary coming up - this one gets a little bit, um, descriptive, but it's from the heart. And there aren't enough songs out there about married love (though OUR song is Wynonna's "She Is His Only Need", fat chance this'll replace THAT one). Beautiful Still 1) Her warm wide smile, left lines where there were none, But still gets me undone, like watching the sun or the wind. And she won't sing for me, but she sings for her babies, Sings of Christmas, and fairies, of cherries, and sin. And she is beautiful still She unlocks my secret places, Makes me cross and cry and crazy, Then heals me with her graces. She is beautiful, Still: She raises up my valleys, She levels my hills. She is beautiful still. She is beautiful. Still. 2) Her breasts, soft like peaches, with cotton candy gumdrop nipples, Jump at the touch of my finger, the wet of my tongue. Her alabaster belly, stretched by my children, And the treasure it neighbors, they are calling me down. And she is beautiful still She unlocks my secret places, Makes me whole and hot and hazy, Then heals me with her graces. She is beautiful, Still: She raises up my valleys, She levels my hills. She is beautiful still. She is beautiful. Still. 3) Her emerald eyes sparkle, and flash, and brim over With tears for her children, her mother, tears for her losses, Her back, wracked by accidents, still lovely and freckled, She smiles through the wreckage, no matter the cost. And she is beautiful still She unlocks my secret places, Makes me warm and weird and weary, Then heals me with her graces. She is beautiful, Still: She raises up my valleys, She levels my hills. She is beautiful still. She is beautiful. Still. 4) And when we have been there for twoscore and ten years Her side by my side, through lean years and feast years, and more, Our time-ravaged bodies will still stand together, Through whatever, whenever, we'll weather every storm. And she'll be beautiful still Unlock my secret places, Make me fear and fierce and foolish, Then heal me with her graces. She will be beautiful, Still: She will raise up my valleys, She'll level my hills. She will be beautiful still. She'll be beautiful. Still. copyright Jay Ricketts, 2002. All rights reserved.

 DRAGNET Kinda funny, kinda stupid. Dan Aykroyd does his dead-on Jack Webb impression throughout, but it's kind of incongruous with his looks. Tom Hanks was still in his Bosom Buddies persona back then - wacky-irreverent-mr-nice-guy, just like in Splash , Bachelor Party , Big ... can't remember exactly when he grew out of that. Glad he did, though. So where's April? Glee? Jen? This is kinda fun with 5 of us, but 8 would be so much better!

 WESTWORLD Went to a wedding this weekend. It's the wedding of Dorothy's cousin Kim Yan. He married Sheldeen Yambao. Yes, its a Chinese-Filipino wedding. They had a full mass at this church in Lindenhurst, NY. A quaint small town in the south shore of Long Island. Dot put me in charge of taping with her video cam. I also played a role in church by doing the second reading. Sheldeen arrived 20 minutes late and the wedding party walked up the aisle kind of fast. The funny parts I think happened when they placed Sheldeen's train on top of the chair. It looked like someone was under her train. Luckily, one of the bridesmaids noticed and fixed it. Right around the offertory service, the Video guy tripped on one of the flowers. That was a laugh riot but unfortunate for me I didnt have my video cam on. Dot asked me: "Did you get that?". I acted like Homer and said: "Doh!" The reception was held at Chatteau La Mer. Its a catering hall at docks in Babylon,NY. It overlooks the bay right before Jones beach. It has a breath taking view, thank goodness the sun decided to show after the Church ceremony. Kim and Sheldeen had some time for picture taking. There was lots of food at the reception. Instead of just finger foods, they served real food too! They had stuffed shells, muscles, crab cakes, lechon, pasta. Man I was so stuffed after that. Some of the guests didnt know about the dinner afterwards and ate till they could not eat anymore. Kim invited a lot of guests! Most of his co-workers from the airport were there. Some even came from out of town like Kim's old manager who flew in from Chicago. Another coworker flew in from Florida. Kim even invited his ex-girlfriend who drove from New Jersey with her husband. She was so emotional, and had a tear in her eye. Not for Kim though. Dot told me that Edna was very close to her family. Edna hasnt seen the whole family together in a long time. The band was great! Island Magic played a lot of dance music mostly from the 70's and early 80's. They did play a medley of songs from the 60's which was cool. Everyone got up from their seats everytime they played. A few still had to be pryed from their seats but the best man got them up to dance. I must say that the wedding was great. Dot and I danced more in this wedding than any other. She even let me teach her other cousins to boggie, swing and merengue. I was so tired, that I was amazed that I could still drive home. Didnt drink that much. All I had was a Seabreeze and one beer. One of these days I will work on editing the video we took and compress it for internet use. More to come. ~NET

 SCARECROW Gene Hackman and (Dustin Hoffman? Al Pacino? I always get them mixed up. I think it's Pacino) are brilliant in this early 70's masterpiece of the "gritty realism" psychodrama genre. Some icky moments, especially a prison-attempted-rape-scene, but worth it. Don't think I've seen it since its theater release 30 years ago, though - I'll have to remedy that. Watched Monsters, Inc. on DVD this weekend - much better than its reviews. Captivating story, and very good job of creating a fantasy universe that explains our own "observed" interactions with monsters (kids' closets, Loch Ness sightings), without being too grownup about it.

 DANGEROUS LIASONS No mom.. Greek Wedding is still playing in theaters!

 NEVER BEEN KISSED So on Mondays I go out bowling and I thought that was enough to break the routine of baby sitting Logan everyday of the week. Though I enjoy Logan a lot, like our trips to the park -the way he throws his arms around my back and giggles and our library time together where he gets to be around other 2 year olds. After Logan leaves for the day in my head I hear him baby talking, which is so cute mind you, it sounds like this Dhatt one, Dhiss one, Nhooo. Mommma??? Uh hoo? Dhatt way!! this is when he realizes you are back to your own street and he does not want to return to home base yet. It's not enough that I repeat all this things to Ric on the phone (to get it out of my system) who by the way never tires of hearing them, although I know I repeat myself a lot ( i do realize that, after the fact). So Friday comes and in the desire for adult conversation, goes to the west side, plays mahjong with my favorite pals, Francis, Lenni, Merci -finishes by early morning -not to worry I don't babysit Logan on week ends. The group plans to be at Tommy's tonight for some dancing--I'll see if I still am up for it tonight, got some housekeeping to do. Enjoy your week end guys And Ching My Big Fat... is it out on dvd yet????

 SAVING SILVERMAN I finally got a chance to see My Big Fat Greek Wedding! It's really good. Thanks for the recommendation, Daf!

 SPACEBALLS Speaking of dumb humor.. Mom, THE EVENING STAR has already been used --- no recycling! Brian's website is back up! VIRTUAL DUMPSTER

 ROBIN HOOD: MEN IN TIGHTS Dumb humor is the best humor. Hey nonny nonny nonny... The latest shooting happened by our old townhouse - we lived outside Manassas from '87 to '89. You're probably right, Josephine, the hype is most likely puffing up the killer. Maybe the police are hoping to lure him out. Glad we don't live there anymore. And it sounds like you and I are at just about the same place! I'll be 50 in 2 1/2 years, and Kim and I will have been married 26 years then (if she can put up with me that much longer...). Happy birthday.

 EVENING STAR (Shirley MacLaine /Jack Nicholson) The shootings in Maryland and Virginia, is kind of creepy. In the movies, they try not to at least leak out that all now 8 shootings are connected. If they do have evidence they are connected, try to keep it secret, so that it is not magnified in the media and feed the culprits' ego. Like when they said on camera that school should go on as usual, there is no indication that schools are targeted and them boom, a school kid got hit on the way to school. Thanks Ching and Pia for the birthday greetings. In 2 years I will be 50 and married 25 years. That means I would have been 50% single and 50% married all my life. So that eventually my married life will outnumber my single life so I am determined to make my married life fun, fullfilling and exciting ..........and that means Ric has to leave me alone from time to time.

 SEX, LIES, AND VIDEOTAPE Kinda creepy, kinda exciting. Can never look at Laura San Giacomo the same way, ever again. Who sends the best emails? Ching and Brian do. I swiped one and posted it on my own blog urlLink right there . Hope you don't mind, Ching. Did I mention it was brilliant?

 SIXTEEN CANDLES I love 80's movies! Anyhow, Tita Jo I'm glad you and Tito Ric were able to figure out how to cook Pinakbet. Ching told me you had a little gathering Saturday and you all cooked Filipino food. It sounded great! I hope Ching took some pointers so she can cook more Filipino dishes for Brian. :) BTW, Happy Birthday Tita! How young are you? :)

 TRUE LIES HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY!!!

 YOUNG AT HEART (Frank Sinatra) Thanks, Pia. I guess I always have the two confused. You see I grew up where recipes have to make do with what you have in your pantry or refrigerator. Anyways your Tito Ric cooked the pinakbet, and I guess he was the one with the right idea. But now I know better.

 OCTOPUSSY Tita Jo, I know how to cook both the pinakbet and the bulanglang. Preparing for both dishes are somewhat the same except for a few things. Pinakbet has fish bagoong and tomatoes. Bulanglang has shrimp bagoong and no tomatoes. Anyhow, I hope I answered your question. I apologize for the people I confused with this blog. You'll only get it if you eat filipino dishes. :)

 urlLink YOJIMBO Reputedly excellent Kurosawa movie, 1961 - I haven't seen it, but I love his other work... Hey - 'saright w/me if you wanna join the urlLink FlipBlogs webring , counting me, we're, like 85% Filipino/a, right? Unless you count Brian, too, but he hasn't posted... Big movie weekend for Kim & me, saw The Tuxedo (eh...), and I Am Trying to Break Your Heart , a documentary about the making of Wilco's last album - I loved it (the movie), Kim was bored. Went out and bought the new CD after, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, really liked that... Also bought The Exorcist and The Graduate , haven't watched yet. Believe it or don't, I never saw The Exorcist, though I read the book ( before the movie came out - am I old or what? ). They're way cheap at Sam's Club this week. VHS, anyhow, didn't look for DVD.

 EIGHT HEADS IN A DUFFEL BAG What a terrible title - enough to make me never want to see the movie, despite Danny DeVito and some good reviews. Hope you all had a great Thanksgiving. Ours was trs awful. Hop on over to urlLink my blog for the ugly highlights. I left out the details, they're just too creepy.

 (The) SANTA CLAUSE Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone! It doesn't pay to be stupid.

 LORD OF THE FLIES I wish I could lose weight! I just keep gaining.. No matter how hard I try.. =( Actually I'm not really trying.. I just whine and moan and complain and stuff..

 Total Recall Been on this diet for the last 4 days. So far aerobics and a lot of running and walking has taken me almost 8 lbs off my previous weight. Looks like a couple of birds will be able to fit my belly for Thanksgiving. Dot will be impressed of my determination. I hope to lose at least 10 lbs by next Thursday and I am also determined to keep it off. I have renewed faith in my health kick. Wish me luck on my quest. more to come... NET

 (the) EXORCIST I am so tired I feel like the little girl in this movie.. I probably look like her right now, too! I woke up at (what seemed like the butt crack of dawn) to chat with Sheryll but she is a no-show.. I think I will wait another fifteen minutes (to eight o'clock) and I'm going to go hop in the shower.

 Yellow Submarine My uncle and my sister are big Beatles Fans. Its the animated Beatles movie featuring Nowhere man and other interesting characters. Not sure if it is DVD. The first time I saw this movie was on PBS during a cold stormy night that made our night much warmer. In less than two weeks, it will be Thanksgiving. I am hitting the gym this week twice per day just to make sure I am ready for the food that will be filling me belly. Lately, Dot has noticed the belly growing.. I am starting to look a couple of months pregnant. Eating junk at work has made me gain about 15 pounds in the last 8 weeks or more! Im even starting to think about running 2 miles a day just to lose the weight. Gotta stay focused. Any suggestions? I did a search in Yahoo and Google, I dont see a lot of interesting movies that begin with Y. How about other things that begin with Y can that suffice for a word instead of a movie? How about Actors whose name begins with Y? Y? because we like you....M.. O.. U... S...E... more to come. NET

 END OF A DYNASTY - (The Kennedy Story) Ching, the movie game was fun in the beginning, but then it gets old -especially if we start using movie titles that we have nott even seen. Why don't we agree to start our blogs with current events. Things we may have heard in the news that day or that week. It can be politics, crimes, sports, fashion, etc. This way we can continue to share interests. Like I would be blogging about the Williams sisters finally losing in the Indian Wells tournament. Well it was always that they were dominating the majors. Like was always that 2 of them battling it out in the finals. In the semi finals this year Venus W had retire because of a leg injury, he sustained while battling Monica Seles, so Kim Clisters of Australia won. Kim has been playing so well tho (girlfriend of current no 1 Hewitt also of Australia). And Kim finally beat Serena W in the finals, I did not get to watch the game, I was busy running around but I just check the results in the internet. But when great people play espcially on a one to one situation, I can't miss the ummmmp..... and ahhhhhhhhh as they battle how to close out a point. Can you imagine, they anticipate, run, hit all in one rush of a moment. Mind you though, you don't have to be interested in ones current events. It would just be a gist in the beginning and then you can proceed with personal stuff. I wonder what golf would be like, when I watch it in TV it makes me fall asleep (not bad). I heard the Lakers have been losing more now than winning (Shaq is out for a while because of a foot injury ). No I don't play any of those games. If I do what's the point of watching other people play. My game is bowling - I go out every Monday to bowl and be with my friends.

 REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE He must hate me. He hates me. I know he does. He looks at me like I'm the ugliest thing in the world. He doesn't like my friends. He doesn't like one thing about me. He called me - he called me a dirty tramp. My own father. I don't know if he means it. I mean maybe he doesn't mean it, but he acts like he does. We were together. We were gonna celebrate Easter and we were gonna catch a double bill. Big Deal! So I put on my new dress and I came out, and he grabbed my face and started rubbing off all the lipstick. I thought he'd rub off my lips. And I ran out of that house. I'll never get close to anybody.

 NAKED GUN 2 1/2: THE SMELL OF FEAR Let me know if you guys want to quit this moving thing.. I don't know about you guys, but I'm finding it harder and harder to come up with original titles.

 KATE'S ADDICTION Thanks Ching for giving us the link for the article about motels in the Philippines. It was hilariously entertaining. Daf your story was very funny as well. Thanks for sharing it with us. :)

 STAR TREK III: THE SEARCH FOR SPOCK Nah - she was miserable, so we waited. We were already 2 1/2 months pregnant anyhow! ;-)

 END OF DAYS You mean you didn't try to out-do them? LOL!

 TEXASVILLE The twenty-years-later sequel to "The Last Picture Show" - I love Larry McMurtry! "Thanks for the tip, Net..." Jay/Daf here, Ching - all us guys look the same? Oh, and thanks for the motel story link - I love English articles where the punchlines are in Tagalog. Phhtphhtphht! Maybe you heard our motel story before - apologies if so. The rest aren't repeatable! We got married on a Fall Sunday (1978) in a Detroit suburb, and were going to honeymoon in Chicago, but I had a band gig that ran 'til 2am. We were going to try to drive through, but after 2 hours, we had only made it to Jackson (MI), and I was falling asleep. so we pulled off at an exit, and found the dumpiest motel I'd ever seen, but we were too exhausted to go on. so we grabbed a room, tried to make the best of it, but the couple in the next room was incredibly loud. All night long, the girl was shouting "Ohh, Walter! Unnhh-unnhh-unnhh-yes! Walter! Walter!" Kim was just miserable - the first night of our eternity together, and we get loud amateur porn through the wall all night. She cried herself to sleep. We woke up the next morning to more of Walter and his loud friend - not sure if the headboard was slamming into the wall, or her head was slamming into the headboard. The rest of the honeymoon was much nicer - a highrise hotel in downtown Chicago with a view of the Lake from our room, and an excellent romantic restaurant downstairs. And "Ohh Walter..." is still a running joke, probably 'cos I won't let it die, but Kim pretends not to think I'm an idiot. Isn't she just the best?

 (a) YOUNG CONNECTICUT YANKEE IN KING ARTHUR'S COURT (Michael York) No problem, Pia.. Sometimes I respond faster than other times.. Just depends on whether or not I'm busy.. BTW, we stay up pretty late now.. I wait for Brian to get off work and he doesn't get off until after midnight.. So you can call me. (ps. I think the official title is "THAT YANKEE DOODLE DANDEE") Check out this article.. "Harry and Sally go to a Motel" from Leg Manila.. What about you guys? Do you have any interesting "motel" stories?

 YANKEE DOODLE DANDY Ching just wanted to thank you for fixing my blog archives. :) Sorry I wasn't able to talk to you today. I wanted to call you after class but my class wasn't dismissed until 10 PM. I think you were sleeping by then. I'll try to keep in touch sometime this weekend.

 NURSE BETTY I always forget about the search feature! Thanks for the tip, Net! Now there are no more excuses for recycling!

 TARZAN, THE APE MAN Bo Derek shows us her ta-tas one more time. Yes, Ching. Now you have to find another N___T movie. Y'know, you can use the "Show posts containing:" search button if you're not sure - it goes all the way back to day one of the blog...

 (the) NURSE'S SECRET (1941).. There fixed again!! NORTH BY NORTHWEST , Alfred Hitchcok.. Has this been used already?

 SINGING IN THE RAIN Gene Kelly Rocks! Sorry about your uncle, Net. No answers, but my prayers go to you and your family. What's this about panties, Ching? You have my attention...

 ARMY OF DARKNESS The third installment on Sami Ramie's Evil Dead series. It was kinda more of a comedy than heart stomping horror. My mom told me today that my Tito Neils killed himself. He was my uncle who I used to hang out with Saturday mornings when I was still growing up in the Philippines. I would go to his house and help him make model WWII airplanes and tanks. We would modify Revel's prefabricated plastic models and make them more real looking by sodering holes on the panels and air brushing black and silver paint to make burn effects. I remember one time he wasnt home and I started working on this Sherman Tank he was making. He entered the room as I was playing around with it and broke a piece from the gun and he got upset. I ran home crying and finding answers to why he got mad at me? Thats the day I learned not to mess around with peoples things when they are not around. I am still trying to figure out why he would do such a terrible thing like killing himself. He is survived by his wife and 2 kids who live in a place called Marikina. Nelson Palad-May God bless his soul NET

 PHILADELPHIA - Now about the panties Ching!!! It's just as shocking for me to hear you wear one and for somebody to give you this horrible turn off of a thing!!!! ha ha ha. I wanna know who - what were they thinking????????

 ERNEST GOES TO CAMP Knowwhuddimean? New site looks great, Ching! You have the touch. Haven't made it to Brian's site since it's been remodeled, but I'll try. Good luck with your new cam!

 WAITING TO EXHALE Has everyone seen the new layout yet? It's still undergoing major construction, but I didn't want to plaster under construction signs all of the place.. Anyway, can you see the disparity between Brian's webcam and mine? It sucks, doesn't it? Which is why I ordered Logitech's QuickCam 4000 the other night. I can't wait until it comes! Man, can you imagine a webcam with 1.3 megapixels and digital zoom and a built-in mic? It has better features than my Cybershot! Whoa!!

 APOCALYPSE NOW Marlon Brando, based on Joseph Conrad's urlLink Heart of Darkness . Never seen it - I know I should. Maybe the next time Kim's out of town. Definitely not her cuppatea. Ching, Blogspot Plus does let you move your old blogs in. Seems to work pretty well. Can you change my links on our page? urlLink BigBellySkinnyMan is at http://stceciliawashere. blogspot.com/bbsm/ bigbellyskinnym.html now, and I have a new one, urlLink GraytailAdventures , at http://stceciliawashere.blogspot.com/ graytailadventures/graytail.html . I bet I hate working more than you do, Brian! Though I knew guys who would injure themselves on purpose so they could stay home and collect disability. I don't hate it THAT much. Yet.

 Supernova I would love to go to the Philippines! I need to save up my vacation time so I can make the trip worth while. I was told that i would need at least a month. I am hoping to save up my vacation time and Ching and I will try to go some time in the early spring of 2004. Thats when we origionally planned it. We dont think we will have any children by then but you never know with those kind of things. Nature has a way of springing that kind of stuff on you. Its not like we are trying to have a kid, but then we are not really trying to NOT have a kid either. Man I wish I could win the lottery. I hate working!

 THREE KINGS - Ching and Brian I believe is not ready to go home to Philippines. I know they both would love to go. As for Ric and me our flight will take us directly to Negros. The house in Manila has already been sold. Ric's family and mine are all in Negros so we need as much time of the 3 weeks we allocated for this vacation to spend with them. I"m sure Ching and Brian will visit soon.

 GHOST Thanks for the info, Tita. It's been a long time since my last post. I really had no idea. BTW, when will you come back to the Phils? I would love to see you and it would also be an opportunity for me to send something for my best friend. I wasn't able to send her a wedding gift. But it would be better if Ching can come along with you.

 GOODWILL HUNTING -Matt Damon, Ben Affleck (The young guys co wrote the movie, and I think this was when they both won for best script??, anyways this movie started it all for these guys) Hello She, best regards to you and your family. Anyways (FYI) Chingay and company decided that there is a game in the golden sushi posting wherein -you start your post with a movie title that starts with the last letter of the movie last posted, hence Scorpion Kin (G) - (G)oodWill Hunting. We had a birthday party for Ching. I can't wait to see the pictures posted. I'd say Ric is not done steam vacuuming our house. That probably is it for this year, as we prepare for our trip to the Phil. Of course Jen's birthday is coming up, we would probably much rather have that in the restaurant.

 Hey, Ching. Hope you can add a link to my urlLink site . And, what happened to your tagboard?

 urlLink Gidget Goes Hawaiian (1961) Wouldn't it be embarrassing if some future civilization found this as the only evidence of what our culture was like? Ching, you sure stirred up a hornet's nest there. Let us know how it comes out... Happy New Year, everyone!

 (the) YEARLING Some links: urlLink For those of you who want to follow the wedding video saga.&nbsp; Oh, and what a nightmare it has been! urlLink Net, is this the same Chris Pirillo?

 NIGHT AND DAY a movie flick starring Cary Grant. Its supposely based on the life of Cole Porter. Not sure if this is true. Anyway, nostalgic as it is.. it was filmed way before I was born. 1946. At hour 15 and 1 minute Chris Pirillo at Call for Help-athon lost his sanity and started laughing madly nonstop. Morgan Webb had to relieve him of his dutyship for a while. I applaude him for his staying power. I thought he would crack after 9 hours. Speaking of staying power I have watched the Helpathon now for over 6 hours and I am starting to get beat. Anyway I will have to give Dot some quality time this weekend for letting me watch my favorite channel on cable for the most part of the day and all night. I did get to bring my car to the shop for its tuneup and inspection. Turns out the rear brake drums also needed to be replaced. I guess the frequent braking in the snow took its tool the night before. I spent an extra hundred simoleons to replace it. more to come. NET

 ENTER THE DRAGON Oh my I almost forgot about greeting my Golden Sushi Family! Merry Christmas everyone! I am currently watching TechTV's Call for Helpathon. Its 18 hours of fact filled Call for Help with Chris Perillo. I wonder how he will turn out after 18 hours of work. I know I start acting silly just working 12 hours. In between this helpathon I will be dropping off my car to get an oil change and an emissions inspection. Its gonna be a trek since we received about 5 inches of snow yesterday. I even drove during the peak snow time. My family spent Christmas day with our Tita Josie. We opened our gifts there and also sang songs on her new Kareoke machine. This machine was AWESOME! Who would have thought that you could have over 200 songs placed inside a computer chip that can be placed inside a microphone! Did I say this machine was AWESOME? It had voice pitch control, song speed control, echo effects just to name a few. It even had a option to add another chip for MORE Songs! That is Awesome! My sister, brother in law and I started hogging the mikes after we ate the fabulous food that Tita Josie cooked. I think the highest score we got was 98? Yes thats right on top of all this machine does, I also gives you a Score! Snow driving was a challenge. My brother in law followed me as I plowed through the snow with my wider tires. He had standard tires on his Accord. What normally took me 15 minutes drive took me an hour and a half. Can we start using Tagalog Movies as titles? more to come... NET

 (the) TRUTH ABOUT CHARLIE Hey, Pia! Technically THE GRINCH WHO STOLE CHRISTMAS starts with a G because THE, A and AN's don't count! Otherwise, we'd have ten million movies that start with T and A! LOL!

 THE GRINCH WHO STOLE CHRISTMAS Merry Christmas to all of my Goldensushi family. Have a fun and safe holiday season!

 ANALYZE THAT Hey, Merry Christmas to you too Jane!&nbsp; I'm surprised to see you blogging here!&nbsp; Usually your posts are on the SMEAGHE blog ..&nbsp; I mean, I love that you posted here!&nbsp; I wish you would post a message more often!&nbsp; You have to come up with a movie title that begins with the last letter of the movie title in the previous post next time, though!&nbsp; LOL! Does anyone ever go to my other blog ?&nbsp; Just curious. Anyway, this will be a mass shout-outs and holiday greetings post (at the risk of sounding really Asian-like).. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to my JENTLENESS family: Yen , Stephen , Angie , Alyssa , Mark , all the peeps at BITS and Fragments and, of course, to our gracious host Jen ;&nbsp; to my GOLDEN SUSHI family (specially the most frequent bloggers: Daf , Net , Pia and to my very own mom who has been really active of late (Me thinks she's hooked on blogging!); to my SMEAGHE family; to my Westar Energy family (Katie C, Sarah J, Lindsey, Ashley, LaKresha, etc); to my best friend Sheryll ; to my real-life family ( Mom , Dad , Jen and Logan , Mom and Dad Brubaker , Grandma and Granpa Brubaker , my brother-in-law Kevin , Mama Precilla and Papa Osing, Mama Iyay and Papang Joe, Tito Ope and Auntie Jess and Gladys, Tito Moy, Tito Cy --- Omigod I better stop now because the list is never-ending!); and to (last but not least) my wonderful hubby Brian who even though he doesn't blog regularly will write really good blogs that are worth waiting for. If I forgot your name -- I STILL LOVE YOU! -- my mind just isn't working properly right now. Have a wonderful holiday season everyone!!!

 MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE:)

 NEVADA - As I was growing up, I was aware that my mother Maria had a very admirable figure. Remember she married at 16, (after one boy, she had me when she was 20). Even in that old, backward exotic town, they know sexy when they see one (they probably don't know what to call it). Men and women talk about her, like I was not there. Women I guess say how she was just blessed with good body because back then women don't do anything more of what they have. I was 16 when I realized what those comments meant (my mother then was 36) so she had long ways to go to be still young and not aware of what she is or what she got. But really, how she got that body, she would tell me. It was going uphill to a farm, (where even a tricycle can 't climb anymore,) on foot and coming down with a sack of sweet potatoes, or a sack of rice from their small farm and bringing it down where the tricycle would be waiting to bring them back home. And washing clothes by hand in a nearby river, all through out her young life. No she does not live like that anymore. I made it a point that she is better after my college and I got a job. She is now 70 and her only problem is anthritis. And she now has gone heavier with age. In a way, I knew I had my mother's genes and did not have to worry about my weight till 40, I know I will begin to get the weight after 50, just like my mother. Tho I can't remember her heavy really until she was 60. It's funny how I live my life aware of what my mother was, how she lived -and I know my mother is living vicariously through me ... college degree, a good 10 year career running that made me travel to Europe, my decision to retire and take care of Logan, I tell her everything as she absorbs them like it was her own. When I had Ching for the first time and I told her "now I know exactly how you feel about me". And now I have Logan and I said " oh my God, I'm just like you" Wait till you hear stories of how she handled her marriage to my father who was 10 years older. He was 26, but still 10 years older.........

 NOWHERE TO RUN I'm not much of a Van Damme fan, but we're running out of "N" movies. I had to get Brian's help on this one. He is the ultimate movie geek. He'd give the movie geek of Beat the Geeks a run for his money! By the way, MOM -- Never Say Never Again has already been used. Only 12 more hours until we get to see LOTR The Two Towers tomorrow. We're sitting off to the side this time, 10A (still front row, though). Usually we get 6A or 7A (center front), but we were too late this time. Brian bought the tickets yesterday (two days in advance) but it was still too late to get our usual seats. It seems we've under-estimated the movie's popularity!

 NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN - another James Bond movie MEDIOCRE -not the movie! real life. I receive a notice from the home owners association that if we all switch to this one trash service, we all will get good rates (about 15.00 dollars less) plus we will be saving our streets from various trash traffic. I say makes sense, so I signed up for that right away effective Feb 2003, because from my old trash collector I have paid until Jan 2002. As I will be out of the country in Jan, I decided to call the old collector to inform them to cancell service effective end Jan. Apparently Dec is too early to cancel (I don't understand) , as in too soon to break up??? (if you are dating) too soon to return an item (that doesn't fit???). What's too early about that and told me to call back -when the end of Jan comes..... Anyways, Ching their no is 5242000, if you get a bill from them for the next three months then please call them to cancell. Am I alone in this planet who thinks if something is to be done sooner or later, better soon and forget about it. You'd think if I call them to tell them I want their service in June, they won't say my call was too soon. They will find a way to make sure they get my business when the time comes.

 (THE ) YOUNG STALLION Gee , JR -exotic, that's one way to call it. That was 48 years ago, things have changed but I have been told this story that I cannot forget.

 urlLink ERNEST IN THE ARMY Jim Varney's last "Ernest" movie before he died. What a talent. Josephine, your childhood sounds so exotic! Banana leaves, boiled guava leaves... for a guy who's always lived in the frozen North, it just seems a world apart.

 RETURN of a MAN CALLED HORSE - So I am again going home to my home where according to the story I almost died of scabies. According to my neighbors and my Mom as a baby I had to be wrapped in banana leaves because cloth would stick to my body. And I have to be bathed in young boiled guava leaves to sanitize me. College took me away from this home a week at a time. My allowance was only good for a week, my father was paid weekly. I take a bus to the nearest city, live with one of my relatives and at that time got in one of the best colleges in the province SILLIMAN UNIVERSITY. My parents were so proud of me getting to college not only was it most expensive at that time, you have to get a qualified grade point to get in. It took the most out of their resources. My mother who never went as far as high school, married at 16 (as was the norm at that time at that place). I got the idea and probably understood although not spoken clearly (my mother was afraid it would offend some sensibilities) that I could find a suitable boyfriend in the university and if not that my education will take care of my future. Pretty much, I think my mother is right.

 (the) NUTTY PROFESSOR The free underwear is actually a quarterly thing, Net..&nbsp; I look forward to it everytime because usually it's to entice you buy from the newest line that they have.&nbsp; Many years ago the free offer was only for a white color of the newly released line.&nbsp; The last three I've received were all for the Body by Victoria (the first one being white only & the other two were for any color).&nbsp; I hope next year, they'll start pushing a different line. I love the free offers!&nsbp; I even got a free purse spray bottle of the Body by Victoria fragrance through one of those postcards!&nbsp; I love how you get it without having to buy anything, unlike some of the other offers that you get nowadays.&nbsp; I used to feel bad and buy stuff that I don't need anyway just for the sake of buying something while I redeem my gift.&nbsp; I'm glad to report that I'm over that.&nbsp; I just go in, get my free gift and leave.&nbsp; As the Romans say, vini vedi vici ! You can chalk that up to one of two things: I've gotten more thick-skinned with age or eversince I moved out, I've been poor and can't afford to be so frivolous anymore.&nbsp; Probably a combination of both.

 EXIT to EDEN Went to the Broadway Mall in Hicksville today. Yes, Hicks ville is a real town here in New York. Anyhoot, Dot and I walked into the local Delias and were looking at the clearance items in the back of the store. As Dot was looking for clothes for her little cousins, I spied this book called Girlfriend Slam Book. I was going over this book when I had the idea that this can also be used for Single Mans Slam Book. It has subject lines like Name Address yada yada yada. But, it also has lines like Zodiac Sign, Likes, Dislikes and also a GIRL-O-Meter which can be called a HOT-O-Meter for the single guys. I also liked the section where you can put a photo of the girl you are Slamming. Dot didnt find it amusing, but I certainly did. Moving right along, our next shop attack was the Disney Store. They had 10 dollar medium stuff toys which I found highly unusual because Disney rarely puts anything less than 10 dollars unless the item was little trinkets. I spied on the new electronic Stitch stuff toy which talks back at you. The responses become repetitive after 8 or so statements but I found it amusing for 15 minutes. I had 3 Stitches talking to each other by the time Dot passed by to pull me out of the store. The Disney welcome girl didnt find my networking the Stitches very amusing. They were still talking to each other when we met up with Dots cousin Kathy and we decided to revisit Disney. Speaking of silly gifts. Be on the lookout in the mail if youre an avid receiver of the Victorias Secret catalog. They send this post card for a FREE yes thats right FREE Panty just for visiting your local VS. Dot picked up her free panty and I got the opportunity to see the latest thongs on the mannequins and also on the sales clerks as they bent over to pick up boxes on the floors, God bless em. more to come. NET

 Emmanuelle In Space Boobies at warp speed! Yay! Speaking of space travel... ...remember our collaborative story a couple of years back? Well, not "our", I only observed. But anyhow, urlLink HERE is a truly riotous parody of that approach to writing. "Enjoy!", he said, practicing his waiter-speak in case the Information Technology field got any worse.

 NINE TO FIVE " 9 TO 5" - I know there is a movie of this title, I see Dolly Parton in this movie and that comediane with the straight hair and bangs and wide mouth. Her name skips my mind. But I should know her, because I remember she even starred opposite John Travolta (one of my favorites -) oh got it Lily Tomlin. I keep confusing myself that Melanie Griffith was in this film when in fact Melanie was totally all by herself with Harrison Ford in Working Girl. I have not been sleeping as early as I want these days. I keep flipping channels and I find movies that get me interested and I get to watch them till end around 2:00 am. One night it was THE GIFT , and then MONSTERS BALL ( Halle and billy Bob). I must admit they were pretty good. the irony of it is the girls have been calling me to out and I have been making excuses not to go, it's cold, just want to rest (actually too lazy). And then I realize that if I did go out I would just be walking in the door at 2 and not in bed since 8 and realizing that I am still awake by 2. But then I guess it's different when you decide between spending time with yourself rather than with others.

 RAINMAN Brian loves THE ROCKETEER .. He loved it so much, he owns it on video! He made me watch it one day.. I didn't even know my girl Jennifer Connelly is in it! I love her so! BTW, your sick story is pretty sick! Yuck! TAKEN has got Brian hooked also! He's taped all of the episodes for later viewing (after work, before bed). It's pretty good! It's been going on for over a week now.. But for those of you who have missed it, I'm sure that there will be repeats.

 THE ROCKETEER Rocketpowered failed attempt at creating a superhero. Stars Tim Dalton who had a small run as James Bond I think before this movie came out. I dont know why but I cant seem to access urlLink Goldensushi I am starting to crave what is on the picture menu. Anyone of you guys following this show on SCI FI Network called TAKEN? Mom's been watching it all week including reruns. Shes taped a couple of shows for me and she has now got me hooked. In the mood for a urlLink Sick Story ? Just click on the link. more to come... NET

 SWEET NOVEMBER I'm not sure Pinoy movies should count.. Oh well.. The party was a blast last night! Pictures will be coming soon.. BTW, I'm not sure if your guys realize this but the PICTURE MENU section is now open and pictures are constantly being added to it. The most recent addition are pictures from work.

 NINJA KIDS -Filipino version of teen movie during the Ninja craze in the 80's. Long before I had a choice of what movies to see, I don't remember exactly at what age that was maybe as early as my elementary grade school - my father have introduced me to Sean Connery, Clint Eastwood and Charles Bronson. Back then there was no rating and kids just tag along. Boy are these guys as old as my father???? My father is now 80 and I'm going to see him again this trip. We used to take special trips to the city (as we live in a barrio) with only one movie theathre, so we can go see this kind of movies in first run theathres... Of course that kind of bonding seized, when later in high school -I hated him for scaring the boys away (just like Bronson in his movies). Now when Ric sees an old Charles Bronson movie, he says theres Papang Joe. Sean Connery is even sexier now, I guess because of how he has aged. Not many men can aged that well. And Clint Eastwood???.

 urlLink Never Say Never Again Kim can get all goofy over Pierce Brosnan all she wants, he's no Sean Connery. Actually, she likes Sean NOW - now that he looks like Kenny Rogers. All together now: "Kenny Rogers? EEEWWWW!!!" Our kids manage to get us hooked on what we watch. I was always a trekkie, but it was Andy who got Kim watching Voyager. And the Simpsons. And it was Jess who got us watching The Practice and Angel (Angel looks just like her OLD boyfriend) and Friends. Kim's also a big fan of Frasier and of Everybody Loves Raymond. ELR (and Home Improvement before it) really do a pretty good job with husband-and-wife stuff. And Doris Roberts is brilliant as the mother-in-law-from-Hell. Anybody else remember her from when she worked with Pierce Brosnan in Remington Steele? Which brings us back to the start of this post.

 HOLLOW MAN IT is Kevin Costner of Dances with Wolves, Mhel Gibson in many films and Bradd Pitt

 ENOUGH Speaking of Jennifer Lopez films.. I think I'm going to drag Brian to see Maid in Manhattan ! I can almost hear him protesting now!! LOL! To the TAGBOARD VIOLATORS: no cursing --- puhleeeese! NET: I thought TSS stood for Toxic Shock Syndrome? I am so clueless! DAF: We just saw Pierce Brosnan in Die Another Day .. I'm with Kim on this one. He's still very hot! p.s. You really need to watch Smallville, DAF! The Chloe that I'm talking about is the one in Smallville. She has a crush on Clark, who has a crush on Lana (BTW NET, it's Lang).. It's a bit of a love triangle and an amusing one at that!

 (THE) ROAD TO WELLVILLE Never saw it, don't know much about it. Lotsa nudity, I heard. Woo hoo. I haven't asked Kim, but I think I know her list: Phil Collins Kenny Rogers ( ewww!!! ) Pierce Brosnan Dylan McDermott Patrick Stewart Chloe (from Angel , right?) IS pretty hot. And I used to like Jeri Ryan, until Boston Public . Musta been her space suit. Ot maybe that Borg thing on her face. WAY back in the day (before any of you were born, except Josephine), it was Sally Struthers - I Think I've mentioned Five Easy Pieces before? Anyhow, it was all over by the time All in the Family came on. I'm so fickle.

 urlLink 1984 The movie version from the novel by George Orwell. With the internet and cams all over even in a Kinko's near you, whos to say Big Brother isnt watching. Speaking of watching, SciFi is premiering their new series called TAKEN. Its produced by Steven Spielberg a must see for all you buffs out there. Knowing these cable channels it will be repeating all night so if you missed the beginning wait a few hours and you will see the beginning AGAIN. I like the Chloe hairstyle Ching! Didnt notice it was her hairstyle at first. Did you know that you can view her computer's contents online? Finally you can virtually view an IMAC online. My brother says you can even look into her trash folder and view the JPG files she deleted from her desktop. I wonder if there are any pornography in there? (wink) Heres my list: Lana Lane (from Smallville of course) Kelly Packard (from Ripley's) still remember her from California Dreams - Teen NBC urlLink Kate Botello (former TECHTV show host) lastly, urlLink Morgan Webb (TSS show specialist) Gosh Im such a GEEK! ~NET

 SEVEN Does this count? My IT list: the husband in Sweet Home Alabama the husband in Sweet Home Alabama the husband in Sweet Home Alabama the husband in Sweet Home Alabama the husband in Sweet Home Alabama Gosh, I like him so much I don't even know his name! As Ms. Morissett (sp?) would say -- isn't it ironic? p.s. Brian and I got his and hers MicroSizers for Christmas! Complete with sup-up kits! His is a blue Nissan Skyline and mine is a white Subaru Impreza! Pretty impressive, huh? I was going to go get ZipZaps , but my friend Sarah said they were crap. She has both and says that even though the MicroSizers cost more they are worth it because they're way better. Besides the MicroSizers are available and the ZipZaps are completely out of stock.. In stock is better any day.

 AIRPORT '77 The movie Airplane was created to spoof. Truly bad cinema. So, Ching, is Chloe on Brian's freebie list? And who's on yours? Here's mine: Leah Remini (King of Queens) Kelli Williams (The Practice) Christina Ricci (I know, she's too young...) Valerie Bertinelli Christina Applegate You only get five. I don't need to explain what the freebie list is, do I?

 GATTACA It's an Ethan Hawke / Uma Thurman sci-fi flick.&nbsp; Oh, and Jude Law is in it too!&nbsp; Speaking of movies, we just saw Treasure Planet .&nbsp; Pretty good.&nbsp; It reminds me somewhat of Atlantis .&nbsp; Another animated film that I'm looking forward to seeing is Adam Sandler's Eight Crazy Nights .&nbsp; He's a really funny guy! Anyway, I have to do some plugs: the official Derby Class of '96 website (it's still up after all these years ~ I mean, I've been through chingay.com, chingay.net, no domain and goldensushi.net and it is STILL there).&nbsp; It's run by Ryan of RyanandMichelle.com .&nbsp; He did a really good job on both websites, too! p.s. To all you Smallville fans out there..&nbsp; Have you noticed how I went from Lana Lang hair to Chloe hair? (Check out the new haircut, November 30th fresh, in the webcam!&nbsp; Don't mind the Blogger t-shirt which seems to be a favorite of mine lately..)&nbsp; Brian has a thing for Chloe!&nbsp; I told Man @ Planet Hair that I'm growing my hair back long after this cut, though.&nbsp; I think she was a bit concerned that I wouldn't be coming by to see her anytime soon, but I reassured her that I'd return for reshaping quite frequently (this cut was actually a result of the last one growing out of shape). Brian who is a Master Cuts regular has been trying to convince me to go there for the color weave that I've been wanting..&nbsp; Believe it or not I actually tried to schedule it with Man (even though Planet Hair charges $90 for just the color weave alone).&nbsp; Fortunately she was booked very tight so her schedule allowed time for just a haircut.&nbsp; I'm glad that it didn't happen because I probably would've regretted the extravagant expenditure a few days later.&nbsp; Brian always tells me that I really can't afford to go to the salon that I go to even though I'm convinced that I can.&nbsp; I think Brian's gotten a haircut from my salon only two times and one of those times I paid for it (June Filipino ball 2001: he got his hair cut and frosted, I had an updo and make-up, total cost about $150 for both of us). For now I think my hair shall remain the same pristine black that it's always been.

 THE NEVER ENDING TOY STORY The adventures of Woody and Captain Light Year go astray when Woody finally realizes that he has one and decides to test out his new manhood on Captain Light Year. The title is mine, the plot is Brian's -- can you tell? BTW, thanks for your support Daf! You are the best! I owe you BIG time. I actually didn't realize that the online thing requests needs to be prepaid. I thought it worked just like my pledge sheet. We're actually up to $125 (mine) + $120 (Sarah).. I don't know how the other people on the team are doing. I created a website just for the Bowlmania.. Check it out! (You get to meet the other members of the team).

 Riding in Cars with Boys on the Side A Drew Barrymore double feature - she plays a flaky kid, and a flaky mom. Hits her boyfriend over the head with a frying pan, killing him, then turns her son into a basket case. Ching, they didn't let me do a per-pin thing, so let me know if you come in over 100, I'll do a second payment.

 Breakin' Dance Fever Back to the 80's! The trilogy of Breakin' in a contest of their lives. Brings back memories of old in the hood doing the robot, break dancing and strutin'. Danny Terrio plays the story teller and gives it a VH1 documentary feel. Researched the coding online... Err Msg: 530 User (Username) Cannot Log In, Home Directory Inaccessible. Login Failed. The information in this article applies to: * Microsoft Internet Information Server 4.0 This article was previously published under Q221934 SYMPTOMS When you use an FTP utility to connect to a Microsoft FTP site, the following error occurs: 530 User cannot log in, home Directory Inaccessible. Login failed. CAUSE This problem occurs when the home directory of the FTP site does not exist or the user does not have Read permissions to the home directory. RESOLUTION 1. Start the Internet Service Manager (ISM), which loads the Internet Information Server snap-in for the Microsoft Management Console (MMC). 2. Right-click the default FTP site folder, and then click Properties. 3. On the Home Directory tab, verify that the Local Path listed is valid, and that the Read check box is checked. 4. Click OK.

 Never Give a Sucker an Even Missouri Break W. C. Fields and Marlon Brando are Sumo wrestlers turned bounty hunters, on the trail of Jack Nicholson. Fields lets Brando do the dirty work, as he drinks and wisecracks his way through the adventure, surreptitiously writing a movie script about it, which he hopes to sell. Attempting to sell the script leads to its own set of adventures, where Brando returns the "favor", offering Fields no help as one misfortune after another befalls him. Ching, I'm in for a quarter a pin. Bowl good! I briefly considered coming up with a movie title that began with Frankenstein , but rejected it. And Breakdance would have been funnier than Missouri Breaks for a second movie, but the title was actually Breakin' .

 FATHER OF THE BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN If you think planning a wedding is stressful, you haven't seen this movie!&nbsp; It's Adam's Family with Steve Martin in it!&nbsp; A total hoot! How'd you like that Daf?&nbsp; I took the last word from your movie title -- neat, huh?&nbsp; By the way, I just wanted to let you all know that I'm bowling for Big Brothers Big Sisters 2003 Bowl For Kids' Sake and I'm taking pledges..&nbsp; If you guys could spare $10 or 10 cents per pin (the minimum pledge) or more, please email me your name, mailing address, phone number and pledge amount.&nbsp; If I can get $250, I get a Big Brothers Big Sisters sweatshirt which is way cooler than the free t-shirt that you get for collecting $135 in pledges.&nbsp; Plus I'm the team captain so I don't want to be outdone by the other members.&nbsp; One of the people on our team, Sarah , has already collected $100 and we only got our pledge sheets today!&nbsp; Anyway, it's for a really good cause so email me -- okay?

 You Light Up My Life With Father It's the turn of the century (the last one, not this one), Dad (William Powell), a successful accountant, tries to run his family like a business, doesn't realize it's not working. Daughter Laurie (Did Conn) wants to leave the weirdness behind and become an actress, but finds that she's particularly good at accountant jokes, and gets a career in vaudeville instead. Things return to weird, though, when Dad comes to see her show, and is recognized by a dancer as one of her "clients". Hi Yasmin! Ching, you're the writer and the talent. We just lurk in your shadow. I just seem to have more time on my hands - I'm scheduled to the hilt, but work is real slow. I'll probably get my Music History essay written today - not due for another week.

 hiya!

 ANY GIVEN BLOODY SUNDAY I think at this point all the extra-curricular activities (posting games) are optional.. Since you've been able to incorporate both games into one title -- it just goes to show how much more talented you are compared to us amateurs(sp?), Daf!

 Damn Yankee Doodle Dandies Jimmy Cagney makes a deal with the Devil (Ray Walston) so he can stop doing gangster movies and finally pursue his first love - musical comedy. Walston puts him through Hell, where he has to listen to Jean Stapleton sing "You Gotta Have Heart". Most memorable lyrics, at the end, when Walston changes him back to a mobster, trying to ruin his stage act, but Cagney comes through: "I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy, Yankee Doodle t'rough and t'rough; a real live nephew of my Uncle Guido, Ya can't pin nuttin' on me, ya lousy screws!" Furious at having been outwitted by Cagney, Walston takes a break from daily operation of "the family business", moves in with his nephew (Bill Bixby), disguising his horns as antennae, and convincing Bixby he is Martian, rather than the Prince of Darkness. All references cheerfully explained, though you'd get them all if you've seen (a) Damn Yankees, (b) a few old Cagney movies, (c) My Favorite Martian, and (d) - helpful but not necessary - All in the Family. I fixed the bolding thing at my last post by prefixing my post with [/b][/b] - if you do the same, Net, then only Glee's post will be bolded. Ching, I'm still trying to do the last letter - first letter thing - should I just give it up?

 CHARLIE'S ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD When baseball players try their hand at being secret agents -- this is what you get.. Has anyone else seen Chicago ? It's actually pretty good!&nbsp; P.S. Head on over to urlLink Life After Marriage to see our pasalubongs !!

 Animaniac House Wakko, Yakko, and Dot join a fraternity and cause mayhem in the University. Pinky and Brain try to foil their plans and try to take over the world! John Belushi is resurected and make for a surprise ending. Speaking of taking over the world. Referer Risk is again letting in new members. I took the liberty of adding Golden Sushi in the mix. Let all play together sometime...

 The Jungle Fever Book Spike Lee directs this Disney flick about the unhealthy sexual attractions between animal relationships based on stereotypes. Disney is going on a limb here with the animations to teach children a thing or two about racial "relations". A white boy is raised by black monkeys in the jungle and only to fall in love with an African princess. This Film is not yet rated Ching, you can let those guys know that they posted the wrong link. Otherwise just post a new one and we will all vote for you. =) Speaking of voting, how about helping out urlLink Chris win a urlLink Bloggie ? He has been nominated head to head with urlLink SlashDot for Best Computer or Technology Weblog. Although Slashdot has been nominated for several Bloggie awards, Chris Pirillo only gets one nomination. Please vote as many times as you like just put a different email address each time.(wink) BTW, someone forgot to turn off the Bold attribute in their entry. Now all our text past the 25th is in bold format. more to come... NET

 IN THE BAD COMPANY OF MEN They made a movie show out of the MAN SHOW! LOL! Guys -- that's exactly what I'm wondering.. Umm, where did they get their information? I haven't had Chingay.com in years!!! P.S. We missed you too, Glee!! Glad you are finally back!

 Three Weddings and a Funeral/ I didn't vote. Pop-up hell. I know this can't truy be your site, Ching-- you wouldn't put us through this. I miss you guys. Glee

 Van Wild Wilder West National Lampoon meets Cowboys and Indians. Van Wilder tries to stop the assasination of the President of the United States. Contains a lot of sexual situations. Rated R. I voted too but not before I peeked into CHINGAY.COM. Then the inevitable happened. I ended up in POP UP heaven and played close that window. I think I scored 1500 points and received 100 junk mails. =) more to come... NET

 Ed Wood: TV Well, we already knew he was a cross-dresser, but did we really need this much detail? Ching, I voted for you, though some of those other girls really seemed like they needed it - a few couldn't even afford any clothes!

 Time out for just as second!! How come nobody told me about urlLink this ?

 Stand By Me Myself and Irene A coming of age movie with a father who has a split personality. The children run away to find themselves and each other. They come across this girl named Irene that drives their father crazy and he nearly loses his job as a policeman in a new england town. Man, it is hard following the previous game. Ive been sick the last few days. This cold spell in NY is getting to me... NET

 Nine to Five Easy Pieces Their boss is a jerk. So is the piano-playing oil-rig worker they're all sleeping with. Are we still doing the last letter - first letter thing? April and I did. Makes it harder though...

 EAT DRINK MAN WOMAN ON TOP GUN do i get tripLe points??? heehee^_^ i finaLLee found a movie that starts w/an "e." i luv this father-knows-best laugh-out-loud funnee fLick. i found the beginning xtra enticing because despite the exotic dishes that the chef/dad make, the family barely nibbles at the food. it was pre-souL food... chiNese food!!!

 MAD MAXIMUM CARNAGE A futuristic movie about a group of sociopaths break out and takeover a maximum security psych-ward which just happens to be int he middle of the Sahara Desert. Man! Did I get carried away that last post! This game is fun, though -- so I vote yes!

 You Can't Hurry Love and Death Watch the hilarity as out of work, brooding Russian novelist is reduced to writing ad copy, and falls for his perky secretary. I vote we use THIS game for our titles - I know we're all a little tired of the last game. Follow this link for the rules and a bunch of examples: urlLink http://www.asmallvictory.net/archives/002242.html#002242 Waddya you guys think? Ching?

 NEXT FRIDAY Welcome back, Glee! Hope we'll be hearing more from you and what you've been up to.. That game is actually pretty fun, Daf! My contribution? VERY BAD THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD The plot? It's a documentary-slash-travelogue of Dumb and Dumber type characters who run into one major fiasco after another in Denver. Or how about this? PUNCH-DRUNK SHAKESPEAR IN LOVE You thought you knew, but you have no idea! Shakespears wildest adventures, revealed! SWIM-FANDANGO Ben and Madison end up falling in love and live happily ever after -- what a twist!! EIGHT CRAZY HARLEM NIGHTS An animated version of Eddie Murphy original, starring Adam Sandler (of course)! POINT OF NO RETURN TO THE BLUE LAGOON THE BEACH meets JURASSIC PARK in this gruesome tale of this pleasure cruise gone sour! Ebert and Roper give it two thumbs up! KISS OF THE RED DRAGON Talk about gruesome! This one is even worse! LORD OF THE RINGS: THE TWO TOWERS OF BABEL The missing chapter in the LOTR saga.. Coming to theaters in 2004!

 Rabbit, Run Hey Glee - you offer hope to us old men everywhere! To play our game, you just come up with a Movie Title that starts with the same letter the last one ended in. Net posted "THIRTEENTH FLOOR", which ends in "R", so I'm posting "RABBIT, RUN", which starts with R. At least I think it was a movie. I don't think the sequels became movies, though. Anyhow, next person has to post a movie that starts with "N". Oh, and no recycling - you can use the search button to find out if your title's been used before. Everybody check this out: urlLink Attention movie buffs

 Hi, everyone! >My gawd, I'm soo lost! How do we play this movie game again? Remind me the rules. > > So I have become quite the community activist. I spent a good chuck of my time fighting two corporations Bechtel and Shell from building a liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant in our city of Vallejo. Shell pulled out from doing the LNG project, but now Bechtel, the construction corporation, wants to continue with the project, and it's up to Vallejo's government to make the final decision if they want to continue this project. Tonight we are doing a poetry marathon to protest the gas plant and raise money to print more copies of the chapbook, "Environmental Terrorists" http://www.cinader.com/Books/environmentalterrorists, a collection of protest poetry against Bechtel/Shell. > > On the lighter note, I will have my first book signing party Feb. 27. for more info go to http://www.cinasphere.com > > Gossip, gossip. I'm dating a man about 20 years my senior. This is so unlike me, considering I'm known as a craddle robber. He joked that may be I've become a "grave robber." > > This is glee signing out...

 THIRTEENTH FLOOR a thriller that I have yet to watch its been waiting for me since christmas when Dot gave it to me as a stocking stuffer. Glad to see April blogging again. BTW. E.T. was already posted by Pia before. Tee hee... urlLink Kevin Mitnick gets to go surfing again tonight at the urlLink Screen Savers . Watch Kevin on Tech TV ( see your cable provider for the channel). Kevin has not surfed the web since 1995. It was a deal that he made with the Feds as part of his parole. For those of you in the black, Kevin was arrested and convicted as a hacker. He also wrote a urlLink book about his life struggle. Oya, American Idol is back too! April, did you try out for it? Will we see you on FOX? more to come.... NET

 E.T. haLoo, everybuddy!!! i missed aLL of u so muxh! hugs 2net, gLee, & ching! iM soRRie i was away 4a whiLe, but iM back! i cLdnt remember any other movie, but i onLy watched this bec i was forced 2. i didnt even wanna go in the ride @universaL studios. There's just sumthin' about d way he luks/luks at u. And those fingers! Eeeirie.... enihoo, wut's new? i havent been watchin' any of the new movies. iM singLe na kc. butt, i have been sooo in2 tv now. u kno, the usuaLs: urlLink charmed , urlLink angeL , urlLink smaLLviLLe , urlLink aLias , urlLink c.s.i. , etc. The biggest addiction was urlLink taken tho. did eni of u saw dat?!?! iM waitin on urlLink american idoL . heehee^_^

 (A) Streetcar Named Desire Some memorably dislikeable characters with a storyline that takes some ugly turns. Fun for the whole family! Not. Stella! Check out my "band" page at urlLink Nowhere Radio . This isn't really the band, just a side project. And only one song up now, but watch that space!

 SPY KIDS Ching, thats a cool program. Whats the name of the book your mom was holding? Was it a re gift? She didnt look at all happy with the gift. Today is my Grandmother's birthday. She died 3 years ago but we still remember her G-d bless her soul. This active member is playing a new game called urlLink DOPE WARS . As the title says you play a drug dealer and the goal is to try to make a lot of money. Unlike the popular game Vice City, this game is not graphical at all. In fact, its all TEXT. But, if you played a lot of 'fantasy baseball' in the hey days, you can appreciate the fantasy and the anticipation in playing this game. By the way, I still havent stopped taking over the world. Every Monday to Friday, at 7PM, I have joined forces with urlLink LEOVILLE in the battle for world domination. C'mon Pinky, care to follow the leader? more to come.... NET

 DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS Net -- I just listed ALL the members, not just the inactive ones! As you can see, my name and Daf's are on the list also! You are actually one of the more active bloggers in the group.. By the way.. Check out urlLink PhotoShow by Simple Star -- it is awesome! urlLink I used it to create this!

 SPICE WORLD I have never seen this movie. But it does start with S and what do you mean NETPANDAY is not an inactive member? Arrrggh! Actually, I havent blogged here in the last two weeks. But that doesnt mean I dont love you guys. =) Tell you where Ive been, I been trying to take over the urlLink world . Just call me BRAIN for now....pinky. more to come NET

 MERMAIDS I was just looking through the team roster and realized that we've got so many inactive members! See for yourself! Cherrie Alonso jenni alonso Josephine Alonso Brian Brubaker Sheryll Cabral jhoy delafuente Jimbo Diego Pia Edlagan Lou Garchitorena APRiL GAZMeN Lea Lacaba maria diwata llaguno maria celeste manalang jhayne manganti Net Panday J R Yasmin Ramos Glee tv

 (THE) MAN WITH THE GOLDEN ARM THIS one's Sinatra. I think. Y'know, Ching, I don't mind updating my defs - usually do it right at the end of my session, so I'm risking a little, but I've been virus-free for 2 years now (knock on formica)! BTW, it appears the Egg and I was the prototype for Green Acres. A brilliant show. Saw Lord of the Rings and the new Star Trek. Both pretty good. I'm going to go play with my slide rule now...

 I AM SAM Be aware that there is a new worm virus going around. If you are on my email list, you should have received the fix by email already. I didn't notice anything odd, but I searched my C:Drive for the files that they mentioned anyway -- better to be safe, than sorry. I wasn't infected. I'm sure that even if I didn't infect you guys, someone else on your email list might have acquired it and you may still be at risk. Help yourselves by keeping informed and, more importantly, keeping your virus definitions up-to-date (I know everyone hates that -- I hate it too).

 (The) Egg and I I remember the title, but not the movie itself. Sinatra, maybe? Too lazy to look it up... Net, I got you Northern Ohio - hope you can hang on to it. Hey, I finally got a real song of mine recorded! Check out the link at urlLink Graytail (scroll down to Jan. 6). Guys over at urlLink Home Recording BBS , aka "the homewreckers" (insert pause for appreciative laughter) beat me up over the mix, so I'll be fixing it, this weekend I hope. But I still like it for a first effort - lemme know what you all think. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- followup: WOW! Absolutely not Sinatra. The very first Ma and Pa Kettle movie. urlLink Here's the link.

 SUGAR & SPICE It looks like Satanism is taking over! I clicked on yours, Vince -- and then promptly checked the leader-board to see who was ahead!

 NIGHT HAWKS one of the less known movies starring Sylvester Stallone. It also stars Rutger Hauer as a terrorist who is hunted by Stallone and co. Hey you guys, want to help me attain world domination? urlLink CLICK HERE more to come... NET

 Sorry for not posting a movie title - no time right now just wanted to respond to Ching's web mag idea. I am in! I am tweeking some ideas for an article right this minute. How about a computer script that launches a fake computer attack on one's desktop and also an article on DVD easter eggs? Ching, a friend of mine created an online urlLink mag/forum of sorts. Maybe you can get some ideas from urlLink her site. more to come. NET

 Hey, guys! Just following up on this online mag idea.. I obviously have no clue how to run one, as I've never done it before so we'll just wing it -- okay? I'm going to need finished articles by March 15 at the latest and that will give me about a week or so to build the site so we can launch in April 1 (April Fool's Day -- how fitting!).. Anyway, do you guys think you could give me tentative titles for what your contribution/piece is going to be? Just curious.. I was hoping to get this info ahead of time so we can get a theme going.. Let me know okay?

 HOLY MACKEREL! They've got CHINGAY.COM ARCHIVED! Of course, it's just the front page and it's missing the images! LOL!

 Stuart Little Saves His Family Stuart's family was strange enough before he came along - low self-esteem, Mom was a borderline depressive, Dad couldn't hold a job, and everyone thought they were weird. Then Stuart (voice of Al Franken) came along, and things got worse. Stuart looked exactly like a mouse, and never grew to more than 6 inches tall. But somehow Stuart survived the constant insults by his father (Hugh Laurie), smothering of his mom (Geena Davis), and teasing by his playmates, and became a famous crisis counselor, eventually helping even his own family overcome their special challenges. We could all learn something from Stuart's daily mantra: I deserve good things, I am entitled to my share of happiness. I refuse to beat myself up. I am an attractive person. I am fun to be with. For a mouse, anyhow. Also features Laura San Giacomo as Stuart's sister, and Michael J. Fox as the voice of young Stuart. Watch for special cameo by Stephen (Flounder) Furst as leader of Stuart's first sensitivity group. I'm in, Ching. Woefully underqualified, but in anyhow... Thanks for your confidence. Oh, and check this out: ever lose stuff on the internet cos some dotcom or isp went belly-up? Has your favorite site disappeared? I bet they have it at urlLink archive.org ! Just enter the old URL in the "Wayback Machine" control and watch the fun begin...

 Cats and Reservoir Dogs I'm no good at coming up with movie plots -- I can name titles to no end, but coming up with a witty plot to go with it is another story -- and Brian is busy taking surveys on the internet (he said he gets paid for it -- what?) so he won't help me. Good tip, Net. I'm thinking of turning Golden Sushi into an online mag (we're keeping the blog of course -- just moving it to goldensushi.net/blog or blog.goldensushi.net instead) will you guys write for me? I figured Daf will do the M&M section (movies and music) and Net can do T&T (tech and travel).. What do you guys think?

 First BloodSport Rambo and Van Damme duel to the death in the Kumite where only the best fighter will prevail. Rambo ran away from the law and now trains to defeat the prevailing champion Frank W. Dux played by Van Damme. All blood, guts, and fury. Dot's cousin Stephanie is selling urlLink Cutco . Shes using the job as marketing experience for college. After all she is an undergrad in NYU's Stern. Prior to her first presentation, Stephanie was crudely attempting to cut a penny to resemble a falic corkscrew. Sad to say that she failed miserably. Dot and I visited Stephanie at her dorm as she was preparing for her presentation. I tried to make one too and at first encountered failure. The penny looked like a mangle tool whit pieces of it sticking upward. It resembled a small pinwheel. Then I figured out a trick by using the back edges of the Cutco scissors the penny buckled, twisted and I formed it to look like a corkscrew. This left Stephanie enthusiastically happy and I showed her my trick to making it. She then asked me to help me with her presentation. Dot was just smiling. We took the train to our friend Peter's apartment who was Stephanie's appointment for the night. When we got there, Stephanie did her schtik and won Peter over with her presentation. I gave an impromtu show with the penny cutting and when the show was over. Peter was ready to buy the big knife for his kitchen. He gave Stephanie some constructive criticism about her presentation. Steph took it positively. We were so glad that she was handling herself professionally that Dot and I gave her some referrals. Dot's other cousin Kathy arrived later for the show. She was a little more light mannered and comedically criticized her presentation. "Knives? Why would I want a knife that costs 3 times as much as what I already have?". Stephanie gave her scripted reply "These knives arent your normal variety knives...". Although Kathy didnt buy anything, she applauded Stephanie for her professionalism. Anyone interested in the greatest knife in the world? =) April, you are going to Vegas? Sweet! My advice is to book the car rental from the airport. The rentals at the hotels are almost double what it costs at the airport. The trick to commuting around Las Vegas is WALKING. One can visit more casinos in a day just by walking. Parking is a bitch any time of day. If you find one in the lots.. its probably far from the casino and you will have to walk anyway. They have trams that take you from casino to casino this is an alternative to walking. Schedule the rental when you will be taking road trips out of the Vegas Strip. more to come NET

 Of Mice and Men In Tights Just kinda writes itself, huh? Saw Chicago last week. Brilliant! Tip - after seeing Chicago, rent "All That Jazz", a thinly veiled biography of Bob Fosse, whose play this was in the first place. Bonus factoid: ATJ was the inspiration for one of my favorite videos of all time, Paula Abdul's "Cold Hearted". Kim had surgery today - she'll be in hospital until Monday, total recovery time 4-6 weeks. She had a lot of pain right after the surgery, but the Demerol is helping now - as long as she doesn't cough. Jessica's really going to have to step up to the plate and handle Alyssa (almost 19 months old now) - Alyssa still treats Kim more like she's her mom than Jess is.

 The One Hour Photo A remake of one of the creepiest suspense thrillers, Jet Li stars as a very precise, very exact, very obsessed secret service agent travelling through time stealing pictures and developing them into something else entirely. i decided to boycott valentine's day by watching daredevil w/mah bros. i gotta agree w/u, ching...i dnt see affleck 4the character at all. i think jennifer garner kicked his ass, big time. they're already talking about a sequel and an elektra natchios spin-off. my fave was definitely, michael clarke duncan. what a gud bad guy. i have a dilemma i hope u'aLL could help me with. do u know any special strategies on how to save money when renting a car in las vegas? iM goin there 4spring break. and because iM getting only 1/3 of my expected income tax....gotta be frugal =o( now. being single sux sumtimes!!!

 Watched Daredevil yesterday.. Very good. Jennifer Garner played a good Electra, Michael Clarke Duncan was great as Kingpin (even though, Brian insists that he should have been white, but I counter that you cannot find a white guy actor who will fit the role better than the guy that was chosen -- he was perfect) and I loved Colin Farrell as Bullseye. As far as Ben Affleck goes, well you know how I feel about him (whiny ass)! LOL! He was okay. The effects were great. Nice cameos from Stan Lee and Kevin Smith. Great movie! Will definitely add it to the to-buy list!

 Debbie Does North Dallas Forty After Debbie and her lusty pals raise the money for Debbie's trip to join the Dallas Cowgirls, Debbie takes on the pros in the locker room. Watch for cameos by Howard Cosell and Dandy Don Meredith doing the play-by-play and color commentary.

 SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST COOLER THAN OTHERS.. NET, since you are in NYC -- your homework is to infiltrate their next party and report to us who was there, what they ate, what they drank and if they really resemble their internet personas.. LOL!

 THE LOST BOYZ IN THE HOOD This is the long awaited sequel to The Lost Boys.. You remember it.. It was the best dang vampire movie ever! Keifer Sutherland does it again and we finally have the answer to what has been happening to the boyz in our ghettos.. The gang fight killings are just a cover-up.. They're actually all living in the land of the undead.

 X-Men Don't Leave Jessica Lange plays a mother of two mutants, who finds life considerably difficult on her own after the death of her beloved husband. Due to debt she must move them to a mutant school in Baltimore, run by Patrick Stewart, where son Chris O'Donnell takes the mutant name "Wolverine". He must deal with the hardships and all that comes with the city life, an evil politician (Bruce Davison) trying to destroy the school, and an evil mutant trying to destroy the world (George W. Bush, in a cameo appearance).

 ROAD XXX Vin Diesel and a bunch of NSA Agents undercover as college students in ITHACA travel on a schoolbus to stop top secret documents from arriving to a double agent in Texas. This action packed thrill ride depicts our heroes converting the bus in a 'monster garage' upgrade complete with pontoon floaters and converts into the partyboat to die for. Thats urlLink Cat Schwartz of TechTV's Call for Help showing off her dancing feet with the digital icon from Microsoft's Plus! Digital Media Edition. Its amazing what people can do with a blue screen and a digital file these days. Although Plus no longer comes free with Microsoft's new OS. It comes with a lot of cool stuff. If disco dancers arent your thing you can have a tango pair dance on your desktop. I was chatting online with the TechTV crew when the topic came about the dancing people from a previous show. So much hype went on in the chatroom about it that the producers of the show decided to release a techtv version of the software only this time it features Cat with the disco dancer and urlLink Chris Pirillo with the geeky dancer. If you catch a rerun of the show this monday at 9am EST. Chris will reintroduce the program to viewers along with the product "update". Speaking of shows, I got a hold of some of the pictures from urlLink Chinese New Year and posted it online. more to come... NET

 THE HOT CHICKEN RUN The chilling sequel to THE CHICKEN RUN. In this movie, Rocky's quest to be free lands him in the frier when he is magically transformed into a Bunny Ranch babe lost in Utah. Sorry to hear about your accident, Vince.. Glad to hear that you are okay, though.. BTW, what's up with that GET DOWN ON IT clip?

 Black Beauty and the Beast A horse is a horse of course unless she is befallen by the looks of Beast. A would be heir to royalty unbeknowns to Beauty, he is soon feels the attraction to a horse. This peturbed cartoon from Disney is unlike any they have turned out. Lavish costumed horses and A Beast that is by far not even close to be lovable to any film buff. Rated PG. Had an accident driving to work this morning. Snow on the roadway was not properly plowed from the surface and my tires slipped. I hit a steel girter on the exit ramp of the NSP merging towards the LIE. Some minor damage to my car - right turn signal and a dent on the fender. I am okay. Dot commented that the worse luck occurs to me. Lesson learned here - drive more carefully in inclement weather. Dot's birthday was yesterday and I greeted her the day before. Doesnt that accout that I remembered and that I dont have to greet her again the next day? I was in meetings and training all day thursday that by the time I got out of work she was fast asleep. What do you guys think? Its Friday... happy Friday! lets all urlLink GET DOWN on it... NET

 All the President's Men in Black Rip Torn sends Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones back in time to determine what really happened at Watergate after both Bob Woodward (Robert Redford) and Richard Nixon (Rip Torn, in a dual role) are exposed as aliens from rival planets. G. Gordon Liddy does a cameo as himself, and Chevy Chase does a hilarious reprise of his role as Gerald R. Ford.

 Whoa! Good one!!

 Agnes of Godzilla Meg Tilly is a nun who is captured by Godzilla and held captive in a tower. She's allowed to return to her convent, but it becomes apparent that she is pregnant, though she claims that her virginity is intact. They transfer her to their sister convent in Japan, where she gives birth to a large lizard that terrorizes the people of Tokyo, but also wears a scapular and prays the rosary. I know we never talk about politics in here, but all of a sudden, urlLink Tony Blair makes sense. Sort of.

 NO WAY OUT OF AFRICA A Cold War agent is on the verge of being exposed for the animal hunter that she is. Kim Basinger plays the Yuri that hides out in Africa only to be found when she has to bring her son to the doctor but cannot produce health insurance papers. Okay, it was not too funny. I had to write something quick to load this as a salute to our urlLink lost pioneers.A moment of silence please...then click on the urlLink link . more to come... NET

 MONSOON WEDDiNG PLANNER J-Lo does it again. iN this love story set in iNdia, J-Lo has to plan the wedding of recentLee out-of-d-cLoset ben affLeck to his best friend matt damon. to save her business, she must pawn her 6-point-sumthin carat pink diamond engagement ring. k...i'm waiting 2see urlLink the guru and urlLink shanghai knights. ching, i signed up for that thing too! yea, we're late as usuaL. heehee, fiLipino time. got a ques: i noticed that u're not using the last letter of the previous title. hope we don't hafta do dat enimore. but, i am havin fun w/ this new game. btw, wut were u tryin' 2do 2brian's parent's kitty-cat? spaghetti??? *_* cent, i wanna see dem pixes too. wish we had gLammed-up parades in our Asian community here. i am xcited kc it's my year dis year. hopefuLLee, iLL have lots of luck & good 4tune. HAPPY NEW YEAR 2u'aLL!!!

 MY BIG FAT GREEK WEDDING SINGER The much anticipated sequel to the runaway hit movie of 2002.&nbsp; John Corbett decides to throw it all away and pursue is long-time dream of becoming a Greek wedding singer. Can't wait to see the pics, Vince!! urlLink I was going to volunteer to translate Google into Tagalog , but it seems I am too late.&nbsp; The translation is 100% complete.

 Anna and The King Kong Try teaching english to a bunch of young apes fathered by the Giant of all monkeys who once climbed top of the Empire State Building. Happy Chinese New Year to all! Spent the last 48 hours in Edison New Jersey. I helped set up 1000 balloons for Dot's Aunt who owns a urlLink Bridal Store . Not knowing that I was voted to be the play the part of Emperor in the New Year Float! Friday night, Dot help me try on this outfit for the King. Its a traditional, yellow, chinese outfit. Then I helped Dot try on her Queen outfit. I must say we looked pretty good! Ill post pictures later. Early Saturday morning, I was awaken by Dot's cousin who told me that I had to get ready so that I can drive them to the store to get ready for the parade. I took a quick shower and drove them over. It was pretty hectic at the store. The people from Hometown Buffet came over to put on their outfits - they were the Traditional Chinese wedding entourage. Dot quickly got her hair set and started to don her Queen outfit. I went to finish up the last of the balloons for the float and began putting on the Emperor's clothes. Dot's parents finally arrive 2 hours before the parade and made us aware that it was starting to drizzle outside. The parade went on anyway even for the minor drizzle everyone came out to see the drummers on parade with the tai chi dancers and a bunch of dragons and a couple of marching bands. I am still not that well with the language but here goes... urlLink Gung Shi Fa Chai ....=) More to come NET

 (The) Elephant Man of La Mancha John Merrick (Richard Kiley) goes tilting at windmills, with Sancho Panza along to keep his head from collapsing into his chest. Sophia Loren is the lovely Dulcinea, Merrick's love interest. Musical highlights include performances by Michael Jackson and David Bowie. Brian and Ching, may the Schwartz be with you!

 GREAT SPACEBALLS OF FIRE Mel Brooks does it again with this riveting tale of Jerry Lee Lewis reanimated after 3000 years of being cryogenically frozen only to find out that he is the true Prince of Druidia and still owes the IRS for back taxes. [this is another Brian and Ching collaboration -- Brian is better plots than I am -- he is after all the true movie geek] urlLink Select pictures from mom and dad's vacation are up.. PIA: Have you received the Office XP/Nero CD yet?&nbsp; Just curious.

 Yojimbo Brother Where Art Thou A wandering samurai (George Clooney) enters a rural town in nineteenth century Japan. After learning that the town is divided between two gangsters, he plays one side off against the other. His efforts are complicated by the arrival of the evil one-eyed son of one of the gangsters (John Goodman). Clooney tries to pretend he's his long lost brother, but is found out, and has to run for his life. Clooney stumbles across his real family, and tries to win them back. Film is particularly notable for its Japanese bluegrass soundtrack. I was gonna make a cheezy joke about Space Rump Rangers, but I was afraid I'd encourage Brian...

 Go to http://www.goldensushi.net/ to see what we've got so far!

 heLLo, guys. iM back in smogfuL houston. iM so xcited about the mag. i have yet 2think of sumthin briLLiant/worthy. it feLt funnee reading u'aLL's recent bLogs. iM sooo cLueLess. Net, i luv it when u taLk computer. heehee *_^

 Any luck in moving the files? I hope you publish it soon. If youre using MT to program it you can also syndicate the mag using RSS.XML. Its the language that News Feeds look at instead of the html. MT can automatically produce the RSS file I think its one of the attributes. UPDATE: Sorry for the acronyms and tech talk. urlLink Heres a link to explain what I am talking about. Welcome back April!

 Net -- I was thinking more along the lines of The Morning News , design-wise.&nbsp; It's really nice, simple and pretty.&nbsp; It's not too busy or anything and since I'm not that good with webgraphics, it looks like it might be easier to achieve.&nbsp; The organization is the harder part.&nbps; I mean, what type of content management system are they using?&nbsp; They've gotta be using something!&nbsp; It would be a pain in the ass to hand-code all those archives!&nbsp; It looks like Moveable Type to me, but I'm not sure.&nbsp; In the meantime I am kind of stuck.&nbsp; Before the launch, I want to move Golden Sushi to more reliable servers because Fateback is either down or their FTP is inaccessible.&nbsp; Plus you can't run CGI or PHP scripts so it's really not any fun.&nbsp; Right now I cannot access their FTP to move our blog.&nbsp; I've been trying to access it every hour on the hour since yesterday morning -- no luck.&nbsp; Not sure how long this FTP outage will be but thankfully after I access it again it will be for the last time because I'm moving everything!

 Thanks, NET -- I've been MIA for a while working on my surprise for dad . I don't think he reads GS so I should be safe in sharing it with you guys. But dad, if you are here, do not click on the link! I'm gone for a few days and look what I missed! This is crazy, crazy stuff. I mean, I can see the teacher being doubtful if you were the only one who was late because of that wreck. They've probably had their share of excuses -- but to have six people with the same experience? Obviously it happened. I think they need to show some compassion and flexibility. Let me know how it goes.

 Ching, I drifted into this online zine. Maybe you can check it out for content samples. Its called urlLink ThoseBrownEyes.com kay later NET

 I'm so sorry to hear about what happened April. It's too bad that professor is so narrow-minded. I am sure there is a way to protest that contract. You paid for that course and I think you deserve to be given a chance to take that test. If I were you, I will speak to the 6 other people who couldn't take the test and just complain about that teacher. It obviously isn't your fault that you were stuck in traffic. Someone needs to pop that teacher's bubble so he'll realize that the world doesn't evolve around his class alone. Take care and I hope you'll find a solution to your dilemma

 Ching, I lost your e-mail and your snail mail address. E-mail me your address to unsentletters2003@yahoo.com so I can mail you your autographed first run limited edition copy of "Unsent Letters: Selected Poems" a Chapbook by Glynda Tejada Velasco. GTV

 April: "...since i dnt hav d body of a stripper..." Daf: "You haven't been to some of the clubs I'VE been to." Seriusly, though, I was actually thinking casino / restaurant / bar work. But foot-in-the-door hospital work's a really good idea. Sometimes they'll even pay for your schooling!

 thanks, u guys!!! as for work, my cousin Jon & his wife Angie (both nurses) 2Ld meeh dat there are 3new hospitaLs being buiLt for the nxt yr or so. since i dnt hav d body of a stripper, i figured i cLd wrk eniwer as a ward cLerk &do student loans. there are many jobs here, but d turnover rate is quite high. as far as schooL in tx, i'LL give it one last try kc iM financiaLLy unprepared 4living singLe. if no go, den iLL bee movin nxt yr. iM hoping...

 OMG, April! That is a reason for a lawsuit. Where theres a will, there is a way. If you really love nursing, in NY you can become a nurse with just 2 years of training! Some schools are not even accredited as a college. For one to spend so much time to learn a profession in such a long period of time is ludicrus these days. But if you will not pursue nursing, LV is a great place for a construction worker. One can work from 1am to 8am and sleep the hot day off. Maybe you can be a 'JOE'y Millionaire' earning $19,000.00 a year. =) But seriously, there are lots of opportunity in Vegas. My cousin moved there, he is a civil engineer for one of the building companies and owns a home about 5 miles from the "Strip". more to come... NET

 Wow, April. That really sucks. Teachers who think the earth revolves around their class and their proclamations are the worst. BTW, the dean could always do something if he/she wanted to. Those contracts aren't legally binding... Good luck. There's gotta be a lot of work in Vegas, right?

 well, i'M so torn rite now bec the nursing schools are just fucking me big time in texas. i'M in vegas now, and i'M trying to check out the nursing schooLs here. *sigh* it feels as if i'M blocked by waLLs every which way i go. mom is freakin' out on me bec i mite move here 2vegas, but my cousin MicheLLe, the one who's been beggin me 2move-in w/her is such a disappointment. evn if she knew i wuz cmin here, i havent done a thing for the past two days. iVe slept on the floor and iVe slept w/a guy, her #2boi's hausmate, and i hafta share his bed w/his dog. i'M at my couzin Jon's haus and thank the good Lord he has the net and a room of my own... and a nice bed! i'LL write my article asap kc i wont bee goin 2schooL anymore. i'M heLL-depressed rite now, but there's nothin eLse i cLd do. the teacher is refusing 2give me and 6other peopLe the exam, which counts 40%of out finaL grade, bec we were 5mins late-due2 car accident blocking the freeway exit &we were stuck in traffic. that basicaLLy means i faiLed the course. ders nuttin d dean can do, bec we signed a contract w/our teacher there's NO exempxns w/d rules. AND if i faiL one nursing class, i'M out of the program. AND it's 2late 4us 2drop. plus, accdg 2texas laws, my 1997 prerequisite classes have expired bec it's been 5yrs. ergo, i must retake them again. it's just aLL bullshit. i'M prayin 4things 2get better and this is supposed 2b my yr, but so far, it aint goin as i pictured it. i'M sooo tired of schooL. i'M soo tired of living w/my mom. i jst dunno enimore =o(

 I mailed them all Sunday (separately) - did you get them?

 No biggie.. I'm actually running behind myself.. Working on something special for my dad for his birthday.. Sorry about the delay, guys!

 Hey, Ching - Sunday's more likely than Saturday... Daf (day late, dollar short again)

 Sorry -- I thought that was Pia's post! Is everything OK, April?

 I just skimmed, but it looked like you all had a great time. Here are my articles, I think: 1 - Dateline: Da Thumb , a quick introduction of me to our readers. Emphasis on my lack of qualifications. 2 - 35 Years of Carlos , a look at Carlos Santana's career. How much is substance, how much is shrewd playing of the market, and if we like the way he plays, why do we care? 3 - I Assassin Down the Avenue , a review of "I Am Trying to Break Your Heart", last year's movie about Chicago's favorite indie band, Wilco.

 Did you like the bowling pics?

 Up to you, Ching, I can put a serious one up there if you want... Did you break 100? If you did, I'll kick some more money in - that was our deal, 'member?

 Brian didn't get to bowl.. He didn't want to solicit pledges. LOL! Pia -- what happened? Why did you quit? You worked so hard to get in! Email me!!! ps. Send me a 100 X 100 pixel headshot too! If you don't have one send me a picture that I can make one out of. Write about anything you want. You could even write about your Vegas Spring Break experience. I just need it in by March 15, if at all possible so we can put the website together! Thanks!

 ching, i like that online mag idea. what do u want us to write about? well, iM going to vegas for spring break and i quit the nursing program. =o( p.s. did u beat brian at bowling? heehee^_^

 By the way, the 2003 BFKS pictures are now available. Check 'em out! BTW, I didn't have enough pledges to get a free sweatshirt but I wanted one so badly that I ended up pledging to myself just so I could meet the minimum pledge requirement. How pathetic is that? One of the people really raised $1300 all by themselves! Can you believe it? I told Sarah and Ash, "I know who we're going to recruit on our team next year!" LOL!

 Brian and I were just talking about him! I was making fun of Brian's hair the other day and told him that he looked like Alfalfa but instead of saying "Alfalfa," I said "ALFA-ALFA." For some reason I just always put an extra "A" in there. He promptly made fun of my pronounciation to pay me back for making fun of his goofy-looking hair. I had to get him back so naturally I made a jibe about his spelling skills (or lack of, that is). "At least I can spell it!" He goes, "I can too spell it! A-L-P-H-A-P-H-A!" I rest my case.

 Are you serious?

 Headshot: ;-)

 Daf, You can contribute as much as you want.. At least 1 article per month, though.. I'm thinking more of a monthly e-zine so it's not so much work to keep up. You are free to write about anything that you like.. I just need the first one by next Saturday so I'll have time to put the site together.. Hopefully our host Fateback won't be down so much. I'll also need a 100 x 100 pixel headshot that we can use for your byline. Vince has already given me his. We'll try to put the first one together and then see how it goes. I figure we'll just wing it and learn from each issue. What do you all think?

 Long Day's Journey into a Night at the Opera The Marx Bros. set out to make a serious movie, then remember, "Hey, we're the Marx Brothers!" Zaniness ensues. Hey Ching - tell me what you want - number of articles, length, preferred topics, frequency of issue... Thanks! Daf

 Animal House on Haunted Hill. The children of the origional animal house gang come together to hopefully reunite their long dead parents for a "Welcome Back from the Dead" reunion. But things go terribly wrong when the ghost of the long lost D-Day is jealous when he is not invited to the reunion and starts to cast his dark and disturbing shadow over the Delta house. Youll be on the edge of your seat with this hilariously distorted and sometimes morbid none stop party and blood bath. Caution: This film contains real dead people brought back to life and will show several minutes of footage of John Belushi nude. Basically because we cant clothe the dead!

 Happy Earthday! urlLink clean up your act. Bring your empty inkjet cartridges to a Kinko's near you

 So I took an order from this customer for an international fax after I finished telling my co-worker that only losers come to Kinko's on Easter Sunday. I sent over the fax and suddenly I hear someones cell phone ringing. My coworker and I just glance at each other and start laughing. Apparently, this guy gave me his phone number instead of the actual fax number. LOOOOSER!!!!

 For the Jews its the 2nd day of Passover, For Catholics its Good Friday, And for Geeks everywhere...it's urlLink NO PANTS Friday

 OMG! I just came from urlLink April's Blog . Hey, Belated Happy Birthday! Go, Go, Go, Go April! It's your birthday, we gonna party like it's your birthday! We gonna sip baccardi like, its your birthday! 'n you know we can't give you money cuz its your birthday... um... okay I'm no 50 cent. Maybe a 'centavo.

 Discovered this application on the Internet. urlLink W.Bloggar can post over MoveableType! We can post our work into GoldenSushi using this program. Easier to edit our stuff and Ching doesnt have to be our editing gofer. I'll tell ya one dang ol' thing man them dang ol' Bloggars man you click, click, click and them dang ol' mouse man make all them webpages lookin' like new man and how 'bout check checkin' that dang ol'Bloggar 'n tell me if you gettin' to liken' it man......Whew! I have to stop watching my urlLink king of the hill archives on video tape.

 You are welcome -- Ching. "You got mail!", I just sent you an email of my next article. Got more ideas I just need to put the time to put it in writing. I think you should consider putting GS in urlLink Blogshares.com . Maybe we can get some "investors" to bid on us. If you do decide I am already in for at least 100 shares. =)

 Thanks for the info -- Net.. I didn't even notice that.. I left the http:// part out of the URL and when you do that, most browsers have a tendency to append the URL to the existing page's URL. I just hadn't noticed it because XP is super-smart. LOL! It would work anyway -- because it could probably tell that I'm a dumbass. LOL! Anyway, it's fixed now.

 cent, uRe agreeing w/dot's mom??? whoa... wLdnt that be like 40days-&-40nights hard? heehee enihoo, congra2Lxns!!! iM lookin 4ward 2aLL the house projects news. i added u in urlLink mah bLogg , k??? ching, when are the articLes due? i just finished one. need 2proof read & edit, of course.

 Ching, the 'view web page' is linked to - urlLink http://www.blogger.com/ching.imess.net/blog/ . Maybe thats why April's computer is having trouble finding the web page. I backed spaced and deleted www.blogger.com/ from the urlLink URL and it brought me to Golden Sushi's Blog. Anyhoot, I have been tossing this idea in my head to write about XML and OPML. Lately, this has been my learning focus so be sure to watch for it in your mailbox and post it. Friday will probably the day I finish this topic. For those of you that have walked past urlLink myBlog especially on April fools day, you might have discovered something peculiar with it. Golden Sushi's Blog was even the victim of my exploits last week. Anyway, I will post a topic about this in the next 2 weeks. BTW, Dot and I have decided to move in together. She bought this house in Flushing, NY for 345K simoleons. Of course, She and I get to have our own rooms. Living together doesnt mean living in sin (wink) her mother has given testament that I shall not commit her daughter to the pillages of the devil. =) Moving right along, I have given thoughts to putting up a webcam at her townhouse after we paint and fix up the place. That should appease Mrs. Chao and so all the voyeurs out there can take a peek on urlLink No Pants Fridays . more to come...

 Write about anything you want.. I'm going to write about monolithic dome homes next bec Brian is supposed to write it and he won't!

 April -- it's ok to recycle as long as we're not infringing on any copyrights (say if you've already published it somewhere else and they retained the rights or whatever -- which is rare bec usually the author has the right to publish the stuff anywhere they want which is why I always see the same articles in different online mags but you'll never know so better be safe than sorry -- we don't want to get in trouble). It's (view web page link) working for me today.. It's possible that fateback was just down when you clicked on on the link.

 ching, when i cLick on the "view web page" button below, it says page can't be dispLayed... i know i can jst cLick on mah faves, but iM jst being lazy, i guess.

 pia, i updated ur domain's url in mah bLogg and signed ur guestbook. iM gLad u havin fun w/ur new baby & i luv the name u picked out. ching, that's soo nice of you 2heLp her out. awwwww..... guys, sorrie, i havent come up w/any articLes. i need sum suggestions... so far, wna write about screwed music or sumthing like that. i gotta go luk 4mah cartoons i did in highschooL. it's ok 2recycLe, right? heehee but i do like the simpLicity of the site.

 urlLink Primal is out on Playstation...

 Hi Pia. I got your note, thanks! I have 3 sites, only use Enetation on urlLink St. Cecilia Was Here . I'm guessing you visited urlLink Graytail Adventures . Of course, Enetation's down so often, you might've actually been at the Cecilia site... Haven't had much to say lately anyhow - saving all for Ching's mag...

 Ching, I emailed you my BIO NARRATIVE. I hope I did it right. Let me know how it turns out and if I need to edit it. Thanks. Net

 Thanks guys! I was forced to buy my own hosting coz my free one was deleted without any notice whatsoever. Ching and I were not sure why that happened but, oh well it was time to move on. Besides, I always get comments from people about the pop-ups that comes out everytime my free site loads. At least now I don't have to worry about that. I love my hosting! They've got lots of cool features. I wanted to make sure to take advantage of it. Ching and I already tried the built in chatroom, guestbook, and forum. It's very convenient. Anyhow, thanks Daf for signing my guestbook. I went and visited your site as well coz I haven't stopped by there in a while. I noticed you took out your Enetation commenting system. It's all good though, I had your email address so I wrote you back. Did you receive it? In regards to Net's comment, I hope my site didn't cause your computer problems. I definitely think there was something wrong with blogger. It took me a while to post my blog yesterday because I kept on getting error messages. Right now, it looks like it's working. I don't want to jinx it. BTW, I read the Goldensushi articles. You guys are so awesome. Keep up the great work. Everyone's piece were very entertaining to read. I look forward to reading some more. :) In response to comments on my really long domain name, I didn't really realize how long it was until Ching brought it to my attention. By then it was already too late to change it. Besides, my first name choice was already taken.

 Congratulations Pia! Will the long urlLink URL name cause problems when I open it on IE 6? I am having some trouble with my urlLink blog today. Everything looks backwards and when I first enter the blog the CD tray pops up. I know urlLink Blogger was having problems last night with their server which contained the blog templates but this is ridiculous. I may have to contact status.blogger.com if things dont get resolved in the next few days.

 BTW, did you guys know that Pia bought her own domain? http://www.sugarcoatedandbittersweet.com Don't ask me why she picked such a long one. Anyway, you have to check it out when you get a chance because I've helped her with it a little bit.

 Daf, Tinman is Brian's dad. He's very opinionated. LOL! I figured that would be really interesting.. We could have a debate. We could even have a special page just for that. Kind of like a HE SAID .. HE SAID (actually Point/Counterpoint sounds better). I'm such a hick! LOL! I'm welcoming all sorts of contributors from all walks of life because I didn't want something homegeneous. I like diversity. Anyway, if Net will give me his ABOUT HIM descriptive article I can load his tech post. I've got some cartoons that Brian is contributing but I'm waiting for his BIO NARRATIVE too. I'm working on mine and I can't wait to get it done so I start posting my own stuff. What did you think of the layout, though? It's really simple but it works for me. We can work on beautification later I guess. I'm content with having a functional site for now.

 Cool - who's Tinman? And when can I start arguing with him? Maybe we could do a Point/CounterPoint type thing: "Tinman, you ignorant slut..." ? Can't wait...

 I took the Retarted quiz and this is what I became... urlLink

 iM sooo tiRed rite now... jst came frm urlLink earth day festivaL . aLL i gotta say is that urlLink JeweL is uber hot and aLL that, whiLe urlLink lisa marie presLey sux!!! dude, she cant sing shit!!! bad news: i got mad sunburn yo... i 4got 2put sum bLock lotion on mah neck; ergo, got a red v-coLLar patch there. ***aaaggghhh*** it dsnt hurt; but i cant wear mah low cut/cLeavage-showing tops no more. =o( any suggestions??? gotta give props 2jason... he's kewL. hope ur team wins, cent. btw, 2whom do i submit the articLes 2???

 What a slaughter! Nets win over the Pistons 102 to 82! I am washing my jersey even as we speak. Gotta keep it fresh for the finals. WB Ching, what a cute feline that Felix is.

 Sorry I've been out of commish guys.. Busy playing w/ my new Powershot G3 and just other stuff.. I work 2 - 11p now too plus I'm going back to school in fall. Thanks for keeping the GS torch going! =) BTW, check out this video clip of Felix -- very cute!

 With one more win till the finals, my urlLink Nets' urlLink jersey is starting to smell like curry but I have to hold on for prosperity's sake. urlLink Jason dont fail me now...

 Even if they lost, urlLink DaLLas shot 49 out of 50 free throws!!! iM jst upset urlLink Kings 's season is over.... maybee, nxt yr na lang . weLL, as long as it stays in texas, i guess...

 Yeh, my Pistons choked again - had the lead, couldn't hold it. Grumble.

 New Jersey urlLink Nets won again vs. the Pistons! Woot Woot. That makes FIVE Consecutive Road Games Won! I'll be wearing my Nets urlLink jersey for the rest of the week.

 hug from behind - you like to feel what the other person is feeling and see things how they see them. you tend to be serious and emotional. urlLink What Sign of Affection Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 urlLink My test period with urlLink Radio Userland is over. I am now making it urlLink permanent . Please update your links. Hello world!

 My friend urlLink Meg brought two turtles from the street today. It seems to promote the sale of more of these shelled creatures. Anyone wanna volunteer posting a story about the illegal sale of baby turtles?

 My dignified ho-rating is: 2.443 . That makes me 0.6% ho!. How about urlLink you ? I am slipping...

 My dignified ho-rating is: 30.825 . That makes me 81.0% ho!. How about urlLink you ? Whew! for a minute there I thought I was losing my sluttiness. Ho! Ho! Ho! Parents, hide your childen! LOL

 My dignified ho-rating is: 17.500 . That makes me 30.6% ho!. How about urlLink you ? whoa.... gud 2kno it's less than wut wuz predicted.

 My dignified ho-rating is: 13.842 . That makes me 19.2% ho!. How about urlLink you ?

 We are OK, Net. It missed us!

 Tornado Alley. I just heard in the news that tornadoes have touched down in Witchita Kansas. Hey Ching, are you guys alright?

 attention! For those of you that have linked my blog in your websites, please take now and change the link. The new link is: urlLink http://netzlog.blogspot.com The ramp up to DANO has destroyed the cache settings for my old blogspot name. I can only view an old cache file of my blog at work. Rather than wasting the time to figure out the problem, finding a solution is more progressive. Congratulations to the S.A. Spurs fans out there you deserve it! You all can rub it in. just expect the same when the Nets win next year. =) more to come...

 hi2aLL! how's everyone's summer going? as usuaL, iM burning down here (in texas). sus... u kno u like seein ur face, cent ^_^ heehee, um... pLease wait 4HuLk on dvd. trust me! the special features mite save that movie. aNd, yea, we won! i kno how painfuL twuz 4u, so... iM not gna rub it in. dat's mah gud dead of the day. thanx 4d offer, but i hafta say iVe been screwing up aLot lateLee. biGG time, nga. needLess2say, i haven't written. even mah bLogg has suffered. this dano 4mat surprised meeh.

 Net -- that was Brian's doing!

 Im on vacation this week. Maybe I could write another story for the GS zine. April, need any help proofing your writeup? On Thursday, the gang and I are going to Great Adventures and take our chances on Superman the ride! Let see, I have 4 more days before I have to be back at work...I have to watch The Hulk, Finding Nemo, and The Matrix Reloaded. Sigh, at this point I might end up waiting for these movies to come out on DVD. Ching, I liked that Ad Design for Zoloff!

 Still recovering from the Nets and Spurs final. My congratulations to April's Team. They played well. When it comes down to it the best team won. Next season though, thats another story. I use Backblog as my feedback provider. One can post comments and add emoticons to it too! There are extras that you can have if you pay the premium and it is easy to install just copy and paste the javascript to the body of your blog template. Has anyone worked up some writeups for the zine? Im getting tired of seeing my mug on the top of the page =

 Hi guys! I know it's been a while since I've blogged. I just thought I'd help April out with her question regarding the commenting system. You can go to urlLink Enetation to get it for free. Just sign up and they should be able to give you the code that you can paste to your website so you can put a comments link in your page. If you have any questions just visit my blog and leave me a message.

 congRats, cent!!! gud game...jst dnt go read wut iVe 2say bout uR bois in mah urlLink bLogg , k? we'LL see wut happens sunday, i guess... btw, does enibody kno how 2put dat comment thingy after each post? pLs heLp...

 Game night baby! I got the beer the jersey and the TV set for the finals! Any Nets fans here?

 Doh! I've been doing that lately too. Home improvement update: Dot's Aunt hired a contractor to upgrade the kitchen and dining room floor. The contractor quoted us a price of $800.00 which is cheap for New York standards. I guess that how these chinese contractors win bids for jobs by quoting very cheaply. And hiring day laborers when needed. Were going to have fast food dinners the next few days. Hopefully I wont gain too much. I stopped running last week due to urlLink heel spurs .

 I am such a dork! I meant to post that last blog to my personal blog but I posted it here instead! I should really pay more attention! GRR!

 Congrats to dad for finally ditching is old Ford Ranger, biting the bullet and buying a brand new car.&nbsp; He's now driving a more stylish, more reliable 2004 Toyota Corolla.&nbsp; We'll be checking it out this Saturday.&nbsp; Of course, mom's car is still much nicer.&nbsp; It's a Toyota Highlander SUV they bought brand new, around this time last year, right before my wedding.&nbsp; This is typical for Filipino households.&nbsp; The woman always has the better vehicle.&nbsp; They were actually thinking of getting a Toyota Tundra for dad (perhaps because he is partial to trucks) but my always pragmatic parents thought that it would be wasteful to drive a Tundra to and from Houston because all of the mileage will depreciate the value right away.&nbsp; Brian made a really good point when we were talking the shower the other day, though.&nbsp; Trucks are great for moving and dad moves around a lot.&nbsp; I guess he will just have to either borrow mom's Highlander (since it is an SUV and can hold a lot more than his new Corolla) or rent a UHaul trailer. What I really find amusing about my parents is that the purchase, as usual, was totally unplanned.&nbsp; Matt picked up Logan one day.&nbsp; I guess they saw an Eddy's Toyota (where they bought mom's car last year) commercial ad on tv saying 0% financing on all 2003 models so they thought, we have nothing better to do, let's go check out cars!&nbsp; Of course, there were no more 2003 models when the got there.&nbsp; How that can happen (as big an operation Eddy's is), I know not but they ended up getting talked into buying a 2004 model with 2.9% financing.&nbsp; Not bad but with car dealerships, just like in Vegas, the house always wins. I'm a little surprised that mom talked dad into it.&nbsp; I know it was her too because she always does this sort of thing.&nbsp; She'll spend hundreds of dollars (perhaps thousands) on furniture without even blinking.&nbsp; She is the impulsive one.&nbsp; Dad used to be really anal-retentive about stuff, researching every aspect and examining every angle before he will even say yes I'll think about it.&nbsp; He is more laid back now and more open to mom's whims.&nbsp; Maybe he has mellowed in his old age (no offense, dad) or maybe he's just given up the fight.&nbsp; If you can't beat them, join them..&nbsp; Right? Kidding aside, mom tells me that this is a necessity because dad's truck has gone to hell in a handbasket.&nbsp; It's turned into a cash cow for greedy mechanics at the auto repair shop.&nbsp; So it was a spur-of-the-moment necessity purchase, if there is such a thing.&nbsp; Mom was really happy that the dealership gave them $2000 trade in value for the truck without even looking at it.&nbsp; I think they could have squeezed another $1000 out of the deal, considering that the dealer will probably sell it for $5000 on the lot, but hey dad has mellowed and mom has always been easy (no offense to either of you).&nbsp; Lord knows how many imaginary repairs they've paid for on that truck.&nbsp; Just kidding!

 Jason Kidd signed up with the Nets for yet another season! The Nets will certainly be a contender this coming season.

 The P.O.S. crashed in our branch today. POS stands for the Point Of Sale computers or what other companies call the cash register. At about 3pm E.D.T. the POS started hashing out error codes at each station. It happened at the height of a rush at the store. We could not ring in any sales and the line in front of the counter was growing impatient. I quickly had to turn the customers out to express and having them utilize express pay cards or inserting their credit cards on the ep card readers. There were problems when they had to puchase outputs on the oversize bw plotter and the sony picture stations which were not put on the express pay system. I had to manually bill them by writing up receipts and stapling our business cards on the receipts. This could not have happened at a better time. We have 2 litigation jobs in house that have to be completed by tomorrow. I had to fan out one of these projects to the Bayside Kinko's so that it could be completed. I also lost my cool today. Tre came in late again and inavertedly turned on one of the POS's while someone from tech support was reloading the back up from the previous day. That put a damper on our backup time by a whole hour. I flipped and started slamming a corrugated box on the kitchen counter in the witness of Tre who was shocked to see me in that state of mind. When I vent out my frustrations in a physical way, I often go overboard. I really feel bad about this action. It could ideally give me a write up from Jaba, who is on vacation, and can also be grounds for me getting fired. We will have to see what happens tomorrow...

 cent, u obviousLee have way 2muxh time ^_^ dat's kewL tho! but, yea, mah bLogg is messed up rite now. =o( iM sooo tiRed of deaLin w/it.

 I just discovered something loopy! If WIN2K is your OS and you are operating your blog or web page in PHP or some other language other than html, you will find that the site shows a cache version of the document in internet explorer 6.0. I discovered that when blogger was uploading all its user's blogs to urlLink DANO . My urlLink blog site in blogspot would always show up as a cache file until I removed the template I was using and loaded one of the urlLink current blog templates used under DANO. Blogger was posting blogs that were not in DANO under a folder called 'no cache'. IE6 could not locate the index.html file so it would always show what it had in the network server's cache file. This of course wouldn't happen on home computers since the cache file on your computers automatically gets updated everytime you visit a website unless of course you tweeked IE6 differently. So for those of you that are using Blogger for your blog please point to an index.html. For those of you that are using PHP in your web servers, have the PHP script point to an index.html file. For those of you that are lazy to create an index.html file in Blogger just recreate your template when your blog gets moved over to DANO. For those of you that are dazed and confused with this current post, go back to bed and dream of golem and the butterflies...(_)_)

 mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa , mama say mama sa mama tu sa...... Wooohoooooooooo!

 hai, guys!!! how wuz u'aLL's summer??? soRRy, iVe been MiA lateLee... when u go to urlLink mah bLogg u'LL see why... heehee. but, yea, cent, i stiLL do. i hav articLes, but i havent found time 2type/organize. hiRz urlLink mah xanga site . do u hav one? has anyone joined urlLink friendster ? lemmeeh kno. and, soRRie, cent, no recipe. u made meeh hungRee 4sum los ba&#241;os buko pie tho.... gRRRRR..... j/k

 I'd love to write more - it's about finding time... Daf

 April, whats the URL for your new XANGA blog? I've been playing footsie with this idea in my head. Who amongst youz wanna still write for the GS Zine? Does anyone have a recipe for coconut custard pie?

 Hi! Happy belated anniversary, Brian and Ching!!! Daf

 Got this from urlLink GeekyChick , she writes: "Much needed comic relief is to be found on the urlLink Food Network show urlLink All American Festivals episode about the urlLink Sausage Festival in Hermann, Missouri . Trust me. The innuendo is hilarious. This was mindless, immature fun, and I really needed it."

 congratulations on year on ching and brian!

 Happy Anniversary to Brian and Ching!

 I know that song too!!

 Happy Anniversary to Me!!!

 This is the worst summer in the last 5 years. Its like every weekend the weather is cloudy and rainy. I remember when I was a kid and whenever it rained and I wanted to play my mother taught me this rhyme: "Rain rain go away come again some other day little Vincent wants to play!" Well, most of the time it worked.

 It Friday! Boom, Boom, Akalalaka Boom!, Boom, Boom, Akalaka, Boom Boom! Covad cant get into Verizon's network closet to fix our DSL connections for AT&T. I hate this work slowdown now that Verizon's Union is still in talks with managers. I cant have any high speed internet and it is just an inconvenience! Oh well....

 wow! hi min! what's up? how are things with you and your family? i see you on msn messenger sometimes it always says you're away. anyhow, hope to talk to you and do some catch up. take care! anyhow regards to all the goldensuhsi members. sorry i don't blog as much anymore. i am too busy with school! hope everyone is doing well. take care!

 hi every1!.... missin' u ate pi!.wh3n r u gettin' marry....???? can't wait

 Wow! I had no idea that DVD compressions were different for the DVD media that are out there. I think the movie companies have their hands on the higher end compressions. Like I always say, where there's a will there's a way. If you cant save it to one dvd maybe theres a way to save it into two dvd's. I've gotta research this...(pulling out the pad paper and pencil: note to self, find out how to hack 7GB dvds to compress it into a 4 GB dvd.) In other events, I am assuming you people watched the EMMY's last night. I of course again didnt win the vicarious "Best Stalking via the Comments Section" which was won by urlLink Gnome-Girl . I also didnt win the prestigious "Best Supporting Geek in a drama" category which was won by urlLink Chris . Oh lets not forget the new category that just came out this year, "Most Desperate Losers in need of Repros" which was unanimously received by a number of people coming into urlLink Kinko's all day today thinking they can get their last second projects completed in an hour. If there's anyone out there that is in major need to watch some flix is me. So yeah, I want those movie coupons. Heres my urlLink email . How much are they? Wow Jay, if you think April's Xanga page was all that, you should check out urlLink Friendster too. And BTW I still cannot view the GROUP BLOG after I post and publish. Oh well, I'll just post the urlLink LINK HERE for all to use when they post and publish

 No offense taken. I just wanna know why so many Filipinas are such HOTTIES!!! And why didn't I find this out until I was too old and too married to do anything about it??? :( BTW, thanks for hardly ever posting jokes with Tagalog punch lines anymore. :) Though I have my tagalog translator link ready for when you do. ;) Enough emoticons from me. I'm going back to April's blog to see if she has any new pics... :D (okay, just one more.)

 Vince -- Congrats on the new toy! I've had my DVD burner (came with my setup, also from Dell) for a while now but I've yet to rip any movies. I've made some DVD Picture Shows (Ulead program) of our wedding pictures but that's about it. The problem that I encounter when I try to copy DVDs (not that they want to make it easy because it certainly would be bad for business, I just wanted to try it for the sake of doing it) is that most DVDs are 7GB and the media that I have only has 4GB or so capacity. When you figure out how to rip DVDs, please let me know! April -- Haven't seen Lumpia but I will try to look for it. I was just surprised to see The Debut in a mainstream video store (rather than an Asian/Filipino joint). I heard about it from Trinnah but before that I didn't know what it was. I was thrilled because it's the first movie ever made about our lives. That's a milestone. Yes, it's low-budget and had areas of improvement but as a first step it was amazing. Brian actually enjoyed watching it (surprise). He laughed at some of the jokes that most non-pinoys wouldn't get. Like when the two white friends were chowing down on Filipino food and this guy goes, "This stuff is really good! Specially this CHOCOLATE meat stuff!" Brian and I busted up laughing. We assumed that he was referring to dinuguan, of course. If he only knew! Anyway, Brian said that the acting wasn't too bad. Tirso Cruz III did a really great job playing the father role. Brian said that the only bad acting in the movie came from (no offense Jay) the white actors. I tend to agree with him but I explained that the GOOD white actors are expensive and with the movie being independent and low-budget and all, they couldn't afford to hire them. GOOD Filipino actors on the other hand are cheap and easy to come by. At any rate, the main character Ben is played by Dante Basco who incidentally also play Rufio in the movie Hook (with Robin Williams). Brian (the movie buff that he is) recognized him almost instantly. I doubted him at first. It took half of the movie for me to realize it as well and finally agree. I was so excited about the movie, I had to share it with my mom. So we dropped it off on Sunday and then Brian will pick it up Wednesday so we can return the DVD on Thursday. I love Hollywood videos!! Mom wasted no time and watched the movie last night. She loved it, too. I think it's a great movie not just for Filipinos to watch but also other folks because it gives great insight into our culture. Anyway, that's my bit about The Debut. P.S. Does anyone have a Loews Ciniplex in their area? I have some movie coupons that I need to give away because they expire at the end of the year. Email me your address if you want them!

 fiRst of aLL, a biGG hai 2aLL! yup, dRama dnt stop! i saw d movie. didnt reaLLee think itz aLL dat. great cast... as in d oLder peeps. d cooLest thing wuz d tagaLog subtitLes... heehee*_* mah sibs cant speak or understand tagaLog, so dey wer actuaLLee writing woRds down 2show off 2deiR fLip fRiends. mah doRkie bRo kept sayin, "lintik!" coz it supposedLee means shit. i dunno bout dat tho... howeva, hav u guys heaRd of d movie "lumpia?" d onLee reason why i went 2d premier wuz becoz iM gud fRiends w/d bands on d soundtRack. phuz & rodsun. deyRe pretty kewL... acoustic lyk. hmm... i didnt get 2see d movie kc i voLunteeRed 2bee usher. haha*_* got a fRee shiRt. woo-hoo. enihoo... riLi wna see a gud fLip indie movie on d biGG scReen. cent, congratz on d new toy. iM tryin' 2get one for mahseLf. question: wut'z an LCD? iM tryin 2get a mini fLat screen for a tv in mah room & a dvd/cd pLayer as weLL. if i do move hiR in vegas [iM actuaLLee hiR rite now, but wiLL bee back in sugar Land tues] i want a system in mah room. any suggestions?

 Whew! Its about time urlLink The Debut came out on DVD. It's been touring the US for over 2 years now. It came to NYC last year but I missed out in seeing it. They decided that they will only release it in certain theaters out in Manhattan. Boooo! After much hooplah and long waits in line. I decided not to watch it in the movies thinking it was going to be out on DVD/VCD soon anyway. I would like to see it on the big screen sometime. Maybe they will offer to put it up for a viewing at the Consulate where they show artsy stuff sometimes. And they show it for FREE! I love free. Dot and I splurged this week and bought a DELL Dimension with a DVD burner. One thing one must put in mind when buying a DVD burner is the compatibility factor. We went to Best Buys which had DVD media on sale. The problem was that the media they had on sale wasnt compatible with our burner. If you buy a DVD Rewritable. The media you should get has to be a DVD + R . Any other version will not work. However, you can still view DVDs that are already burned. If you have a DVD Recorder you must look at the specs because there are several medias out there that cannot be mixed and matched for DVD recording. Theres the DVD R, a DVD-R, and your DVD+R that I already talked about. Needless to say, I ended up back at Best Buys yesterday to return my useless purchase. Be on the look out for any deals for DVD+R media. Dot is dying to try out our new toy...

 Ching, I've heard rave reviews about that movie over here in San Francisco. Unfortunately, I haven't seen it yet. I may rent it from Hollywood videos soon.

 urlLink "The Debut" - A Filipino American movie Anyone else seen this yet?

 urlLink Random blog excerpt from masungit.net: it's not the same . . : You know how I've said that there really is no point in trying to salvage a friendship where only one side is trying hard enough to salvage it? Well, I'm going through that again. It's just different now. I don't know if there's some hatred towards me, but it's just not the same. I wouldn't really care if we didn't hang out together so much. I guess I could try to distance myself, but we're from the same circle of friends. I don't want to confront her and ask her what her problem is with me because she's not really one of those people that can just say what she feels. She likes to beat around the bush. I know she has a problem with me -- I can see it with the way she talks to me, with the way she acts around me, with the way that she always somehow manages to exclude me from the "little groups" that are created everywhere we go. I could be just paranoid. I could just be thinking about it too much, but once again, I'm the one that it's happening to, so nobody can really understand how I feel when it happens. It's just weird. It's like junior high all over again. Back in the days when it was this other girl, me, and her. We would be hanging out at someone's house, and I'd be the odd one out . . like always. I'm getting really tired of it. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't know what to say. I don't want to say anything. I guess I'll just do what I've been doing. When it happens, I'll just get quiet because like she said, "I don't let it get to me too much." I guess some things are just more important than others. Some people think that it will stop.&nbsp; Like when I get to high school I won't have to deal with this crap.&nbsp; And when it happens in high school, we are hopeful that when we get to college we won't have to deal with this crap.&nbsp; And then when I get out in the real world, I won't have to deal with this crap.&nbsp; It's something that one will just have to accept because it's human nature and there is no way to change that.

 Update! urlLink Chris co-wrote urlLink THIS book! Its coming out in a few weeks. You can pre-order it on Amazon. Yes, I am so living vicariously through this guy...

 Kudos to Blogger for placing all these new features like file uploading and spell checking. But I just cannot see that fact why I have to PAY for adding an urlLink RSS file to urlLink my blogspot site . Totally ludicrous! If it werent for the notoriety of urlLink google buying out blogger I wouldnt be here anymore. So how about it urlLink Evan ? How about free RSS for everyone?

 Thats great news JR. and ditto for Ching and Brian! My friend Yanni had her baby 4 days ago and they werent expecting her to give birth until 3 weeks from now. As far as TechTV, I certainly hope that Ching and Brain are learning the ins and outs of the computer world. Sad to say, I have stopped being an avid watcher of TechTV due to the fact that they booted urlLink Chris Pirillo from urlLink his urlLink show and also the way the producers have slowly filled the network with crappy new shows rather than technology info in the last 8 months. But dont let my boycott ruin your fun, enjoy urlLink Call for Help and urlLink The Screensavers while you still can.

 Some things are worth cross-posting Just got a call - I'm a grandpa again!!! My son and his wife were expecting a baby girl at the end of October, but she's here already!!! Lauren is 7lbs., 4 oz., so best guess is the docs were 6-7 weeks off in their calculations. Mom and daughter are resting comfortably. I'll try to get pics...

 Has anyone else noticed the new and improved Blogger features? Neato-burrito!

 Net -- Brian and I have discovered the joys of TechTV.

 Thank you April. Hey, are any of you interested in suiting up for next year's parade? All you have to do is go to the urlLink MarryMeWedding store just let me know ahead of time...

 haha... i jst added cent & ching on mah fRiendster! yey! luv dat chinese pix cent!

 How come when I click on View Blog on Blogger for the GS Blog I get a view of the zine? (Scratching Head)

 urlLink Friendster.com ! I am currently linked to Ching. Woot! Woot! Okay so now that I am part of urlLink this phenomenon who wants to get linked to me? You can search for me through netpanday@yahoo.com

 What's Friedster? Do they sell fries online?

 Oh man! GOGO Yubari? Shoot thats gonna be a difficult character to imitate. Those marshal arts moves she made were quite extraordinary. Now as far was the school girl uniform. Then thats easy but if you want to really play the part you might wanna rent a half size ninja sword, a ball and chain, and i guess grow your hair long till it reaches your @55. Good luck with the killer costume. Take pictures while your at it. I would like to see a Brian in a skirt dont get me wrong I am just curious. Here's a link to the movie page... urlLink CLICK HERE

 Brian wants to be GOGO from Kill Bill for Halloween!

 I was just perusing Ching and Brian's Blog. I am loving that new SUV of yours. Excellent choice! My friends and I saw Kill Bill last Friday and it kicked @55! Warning, violent scenes can give you an X rating so maybe thats why some scenes were in BW and oh for all you anime lovers out there this movie doesnt disappoint...

 The coworkers in my overnight shift have decided that they will be Pirates for Halloween. I jokingly retorted at the idea and replied that they should act like pirates in the overnight too. Arrgh, lassie what will you be picking up or placing an order? Aye, there is no discount for color copies arrgh. Yesh Maan, ju will have to walk the plank if you dont wanna pay for a cutting set up arrgh. Then the parrot would reply: "Waaak, no discount! Waak!". So what are you gonna be for Halloween?

 I've reserved me some tickets to the Ultimate Fighting Championships in November 21st. Mayhem, Plunder and all Blood and Guts Fighting. None of that Wrestling crap, just real crap. More on that later...

 k... guess wut'z goin 2mah dvd coLLecxn, asap? hmm... kiLL biLL. wanna see radio, ltr, matrix3, 2ndhand lions, & schooL of rock.

 Woot! Woot! I received the movie ticket vouchers from Ching. Thank you very much.

 NET -- I'm just giving the coupons away because we don't have Loews Ciniplex here. It's just a coupon for discounted rates.. I think $4 movie tickets instead of the normal price.. If you want them, email me your snail-mail address and I'll just send them to you.. I have coupons for car rentals too.. Let me know if any of you need car rental discounts etc.

 beLated tuRkey day 2aLL *_* i think i wuz d onLee one wRking doubLes & not shoppin dis week. sLept thRu bLack fRiday mornin, den went 2wRk again. it's a bLessing coz i'm tRyin very haRd 2save 4a car. i heaRd hoRRoR stoRies of peopLe camping outside stoRes in d coLd & roaming inside waLmaRt for houRs tiL twuz ok 2touch any pRoducts @0600am. can u imagine d mobs & fights over toweLs? yikes... i give pRops 2aLL d bRave baRgain hunteRs out there. next black fRi: day after xtmas... who's go'n shoppin???

 Thanksgiving et al I had a number of things to be thankful for. One of which is that I get to spend it with Dorothy's Family this year. My Sister and Billy are busy working on their home improvements. Mom decided to spend it in New Jersey. And Joe has his thing this year. I got to go to Syosset with Dot and hang out with Jess and Em for a fun filled night of playing UNO until dinner was served. After a nosh dining on the wonderful menu, I ended up playing games on the X Box with Kim. Then came Black Friday. Dot woke me up and we drove to Best Buy for our early mornin shopping spree. Looked like others had the same MO. The doors were open but there was a HUGE crowd inside the store. Of course the Fuji cam I had my eyes on was sold out even before we got in the door. Allegedly they were handing out tickets for the camera when everyone was in line. Dot and I ended up with a couple of electronic items which I cannot disclose at this time for some of you might be getting these items. I can however disclose the 24" TV we managed to fit in the car. While we were waiting in line for 2 hours, there was this pile of boxes we were leaning against. It was a bunch of TV's that were on sale for 99.99! Needless to say, we took a box and dropped it in front of us since we didnt have a shopping card. It was poinless to have one anyway since you couldnt shop around the store with it. I am taking a break from shopping right now. But I do have one more thing to say before I go DVD X Copy is the SHIZNIT!

 Prayers from Michigan for the repose of Laurie's soul. May the angels welcome her to paradise...

 I got some terrible news yesterday. My grandmother's sister Laurie Palad passed away in her sleep Sunday. It was found that she had a heart attack during her sleep. In the last 8 years her life was plagued with a lot of hardship. I am surprised she as persevered this long. Lola Laurie's husband, Lolo Sammy passed away about 8 years ago. Their estate in Cubao, Quezon City was split up between her and her daughter Joy and son Niels. Tita Joy decided to sell her part of the property to someone and they put up an apartment building right in front of Lola Laurie's home. Two years ago, Tito Niels, killed himself in an apparent suicide leaving his wife with 2 kids to feed and the rest of Lola Laurie's estate from Lolo Sammy. We will be sending money to help pay for her burial since Tito Niels' money is still under litigation from his wife who doesnt want to give a single centavo for Lola Laurie. I asked my mother if she had life insurance and mom says that it was all set up by Lolo Sammy and when he died it was split up between Niels and Joy. Its all a big mess. Please pray for her safe passage to heaven. Of all the souls in purgatory that need a to go straight to heaven its Lola Laurie. God bless her soul...

 Ching & Pia, gLad u guys saw the movie! i wanna go see it again. heehee*_*

 Fixed. Half my template disappeared. I had to replace it with something generic, and I lost a pic and some links, but at least I'm up and running.

 Jay: I think there's something wrong with Graytail Adventures. Will you check please?

 They sell DVD XCopy at Best Buy but it's like $50 bucks, isn't it? I found this el cheapo DVD Ripper program at CompUSA. It works but it takes like 3-4 hours to rip one DVD. Honestly, I didn't time it but it felt like forever! Jay: I've added your sites! Thanks.

 I have only one site that I update at least once a week. As if no one knows about urlLink Kinkoman's Sauce . I will have to rent that Love Actually flick. I've giving my sensitive side a chance to watch chick movies lately. By the way Ching, I have found this program that makes a "back-up" copy of your DVD's. Its called DVD X Copy Xpress. I think urlLink TheScreenSavers did a review of it last month. I downloaded a trial version and it does the job. I have a copy of a DVD that I can pretty much do what I please. Some bits had to be trimmed like the special features but the full movie is there and I guess thats what matters when you want digital quality movies. I better stop this is starting this post is starting to become a Blog Zine report... Cheers!

 Here are mine: urlLink St. Cecilia Was Here urlLink Graytail Adventures This seems to be broken right now, haven't had time to debug. :( I let my 3rd one slide.

 I loved the movie Ching! I thought the story was really cute. If you guys loved Bridget Jone's Diary as well as Notting Hill, you'll like Love Actually.

 LOL! You all are funny! April: I finally got a chance to see Love Actually. Saw it on Saturday night. Loved it! Great recommendation. What did you think Pia? I believe Pia watched it on the same weekend. By the way, are any of you still keeping up your blogs? If so, please sound off with the link. It just dawned on me that when we changed the site layout I forgot to add everyone else's links back on and I don't have all of the info any more. Please also list the sites that you visit so we can add those to the links.

 I give the marriage six months. She's gonna bleach his lucky shirt or something, then he's gonna harangue her about it for a few weeks, then a couple lawyers will be making some green at their expense...

 The following is urlLink Tonino's , review of the urlLink EXCALIBUR Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. He gave his opinion after he got back from his honeymoon and one of the excalibur's cleaning member stole his new urlLink Nikes . Read On... The cleaning lady STOLE my new Nikes!!!! On my HONEYMOON. Oct 24 '03 Author's Product Rating One Star Pros NONE Cons They ruined my honeymoon and did'nt fix the problem right then and there. The Bottom Line Don't stay at this or any of there sister hotels cause the cleaning lady stole my shoes from a closed suitcase. Full Review I was there for 5 days and 4 nights for my Honeymoon. The first day was ok. The next day they "forgot" to give us new towels. The 3rd day they left the dresser dirty and aparently opened one of the drawers next to the bed cause it was left open. The 4th day they didn't vacuum the room. The last day the cleaning lady STOLE my sneakers from a closed luggage case. I'm sorry, they disappeared I guess. So I went off about how them going through my stuff ruined my honeymoon. They told me they had to investigate. BTW, the Sat cost $145 for the night. Now I wasn't paying for that. Also, Guest Relations is closed on Sat and Sun. WOW, that just blew my mind. The front desk was not helpful at all. Never did they appologize for my problems at THERE hotel. Well, they "found" my sneakers 2 days later. Apparently they were "turned in" to Bell area. I guess they just walked themselves there....or the cleaning ladies son doesn't wear 9 1/2. They told me they would look into my "request" to not pay for the Sat night. Yeah sure. They call me back and say my "request was denied". DENIED??? Well that was unacceptable. I ended up talking to the Guest Relations boss and he says they are going to reimburse me for one of my days. The other days cost $55 a night. I told him again that I wasn't paying for the $145 night cause that was the day it happened. He said he had to look into it and they would send back a check to me. Discover card was already called to dispute the charge until I get a check for $145 plus taxes. Amazing. I travel all over to FL, CA, GA, MN... and never had anything stolen. They should have fixed this problem when it started and I wouldn't be writing this letter today for the world to read. DON"T STAY AT THE EXCALIBUR, OR THERE SISTER HOTELS, LUXOR, MANDELAY BAY. They own others so look them up and don't stay at those either. PS: If you would like to give your opinion do so at urlLink this blog or if you want further publicity you should voice it out at urlLink epinions.com .

 hmm... i havnt ceLebRated haLLoween since 1997! i kno, dat sux... so, i went as gho-gho goes 2schooL of Rock. yey, huh?!?! heehee*_* cent is rite, iF i wanted 2b authentic i wLdve spent bigg bux 4d swoRd & chain, and i reaLLee wanted to punk-rock mah haiR. i wuz sooo excited kc i kept this a secRet fRm every1. otherweis, i had fun actin japanese. i aLreadee had d laugh down... saw THREE movies over d weekend... "love actuaLLee" is mah favorite. u shouLd go check this out. it left me speechless & in awe... beRRie taken... reminds meeh of jerry maguire/about a boy. yea... it made me kind-of-bitteR coz i wuz reminded iM soooo singLe & xtmas is jst around d coRner. "radio" is aite... iono bout cuba, but ed haRRis is definiteLee oscar mateRiaL. "beyond boRdeRs" is more like a lifetime or we channel special. then... i sneaked in for the last haLf houR of "schooL of rock." i hope u guys hav gone to this one at least. iM waiting 4matrix 3 & LTR. eniwei, how are u beautifuL peopLe doin?

 Yappy Hew Near I think some letters are just way to skippy for tonights celebration. In other news, word is going round that stocks that we hold in our 401k will also be bought by Fedex at an amount that I just cant disclose due to privacy issues that have to abide. Have a great night and I will blog you all next year. Cheers!

 NEWS FLASH! This just in, Kinko's is now a brand of urlLink Federal Express . For more news about it urlLink CLICK HERE . This is a great day for us and I will be celebrating a little early for new years tonight with the rest of my team members. Here's the link to the video... urlLink CLICK HERE UPDATE! Kinko's.com has relased urlLink this bulletin for all to read. check it out.

 My friend was given something similar his girlfriend gave him his own star. Ladies and Gentlemen, I am talking about this girl gave him his own heavenly body, A gaseous mass, a ball of white gobule, something he cant touch but see using certain coordinates. Needless to say, they are no longer together. Be fore-warned for such gifts like a blog just might lead to beakups, divorces, or estranged families. Okay, I would give one to my brother's room-mate. I hate her anyway. But then again she might be ranting all night on it for me giving it to her. Merry urlLink Krispmas to Everyone!

 urlLink BLOGGER - Knowledge Base-How To Give The Last-Minute Gift of Blog This is the neatest idea ever!

 Well, its official. Chris Pirillo has spilled the beans about his separation from Gretchen. It is a sad sad weekend for all Gnomies out there and the Geek world altogether. I will surely miss the silly videos Chris makes of his wife. I have been talking to people close to Gretchen and Chris. Heres an excerpt of what one of them is saying: "I'm not sure where the word is getting around about Chris and Gretchen, but it really is their personal life, and I hope people are respecting that. For the record, I have known about it for many months, only because Gretchen is a good friend of mine and she chose to talk to me about it. I hope the rumors aren't spreading too far... it concerns me." And as for me, I am deeply saddened that there is one less geek with out a model for a companion. Sigh. Okay now on with the holiday cheer. Happy Hannukah! From now until Wednesday there will be Eight Days of the Festival of Lights! Cheers!

 Just in case you who didnt know, I am a BIG urlLink Chris Pirillo Fan. Tomorrow, he will be back in his old digs in urlLink TechTV as a guest on their late night show called urlLink Unscrewed . Tune in on Wednesdsay at 8:30pm PDT / 11:30pm EDT for a little more information.

 UPDATE: Beginning tomorrow goldensushi.net will redirect to this blog at gs.imess.net -- I have been really lax and I'm afraid I have no means of remedying the situation because I am super duper busy.. SO for now, until we come up with a better use for goldensushi.net, it will redirect to this blog. Thank you for your patience.

 Tale of Two Movies Weird coincidence - I own these two movies, but hadn't seen 1967's The Graduate in 30 years, and had only seen 1973's Heavy Traffic once, when I bought it a couple of years (?) ago. But it turns out Heavy Traffic is sort of a parallel movie to The Graduate: Same theme song plays throughout - Scarborough Fair (TG plays Simon and Garfunkel version, HT plays Sergio Mendes and Brasil '66); Both lead characters are young college-aged men; Both leads are accused of being virgins, and go to great legths to prove they're not; Both leads are accused by their parents of drifting aimlessly and doing nothing with their lives; and Both movies were Rated "X" when they came out - TG later got an "R". The big contrast is the environment - TG is upper crust and mannered, HT is low rent, crude, and violent. HT's low budget shows, too - only name I recognized besides animator Bakshi was Jamie Farr (TV M*A*S*H's Klinger) - no clue as to which role he played. It's now distributed by Orion, but was first released by the infamous American International studio - the definitive lowbrow source for lousy drive-in fare. The parallels are subtle enough that I wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't watched them the same weekend, and even then, I didn't catch it til both movies were over, despite the repeated hearing of Scarborough Fair...

 I stay the hell out of stores Thanksgiving weekend. I HATE crowds. Hate em. Took the granddaughter (Alyssa, 2) out to Kalamazoo (4 1/2 hr drive) to see Great-Grandma (my mom) Friday. Just the three of us, had a great time. Funny, Little Girl must have realized that none of the people she could manipulate with tears and tantrums (i.e., Mommy and Grandma) were around - behaved herself beautifully all day.

 PDA's are everywhere these days. But how many of us utilize its capabilities beyond the things to do, the date book, or the optional camera attachment? I myself own a Palm III which was handed down to me when Dot's cousin no longer had a use for it. I tucked away my good old paper filled Filofax midway in June of 2002 and never looked back to it unless my PDA ran out of batteries and I had to re enter all my phone contacts. When we upgraded to a new computer I installed the back up data into it. I was reading urlLink Meryl's column in urlLink Lockergnome and it got me to thinking about the other things that I could do if I ever upgraded. These days urlLink Palm's plethora of PDA's (try saying that a dozen times) can do lots more. Camera, Phone, Internet, Email. Then I got to thinking, will I ever get to use these services when I upgrade? I barely use anything else in my Palm III besides the usual datebook and things to do. Okay, so maybe Ill upgrade if blogger.com will let me blog it via email. Maybe, I can send Jaba a memo on why we need a new laminating machine. Maybe, I can send a pic to MM about how messy the store looks when I come in to work on Sunday morning. Whatever the case may be, I think that we all take for granted what our electronic personal assistants can do and I believe for most of us we use our PDA's for show like those people that come into the store and they're talking up a storm on their cellular phones as they approach the front counter. So, what do you use your PDA for?

 Happy New Year to everyone! LOL! Kind of late considering it's already the end of January pretty much. Sorry I have not been active. School is killing me. BTW, we are doing Big Brothers Big Sisters BFKS again this year. Here is a copy of an email that you might receive from me soon.. Im bowling to help Big Brothers Big Sisters this year. Please go to my website and make a pledge to help me reach my fundraising goal. Every pledge makes a difference. Thanks for your help! Follow This Link to visit my personal web page and help me in my efforts to support BBBS of Sedgwick County ****************************************************************************** Some email systems do not support the use of links and therefore this link may not appear to work. If so, copy and paste the following into your browser: http://www.kintera.org/faf/r.asp?t=4&i=44833&u=44833-3078274&e=55980618 ****************************************************************************** Cherrie Brubaker

 Tech Bounces Us These days, no one can really brag about one's cell phone without mentioning what it's called by the manufacturer. I myself own a NOKIA 8260. Which is now out of date. Its been replaced by the 8265. The 3600 is the more popular upgrade. It has an optional camera you can attach to it and it has a roundabout button set up much like the old Bell Telephones we used to have in the analog days. From what Ching has posted she has mentioned that she owns a T300 which is made by Sony-Ericsson. Not a bad phone in my opinion but none the less it is out of date and that P900 is looking better everyday until it will grow old as well and the Q100 will take over it... With the technology constantly changing don't you wish we still had 2 cans with a string tied in between it? Or if you upgraded, you would have had the two way walkie talkies from radio shack or walmart. Mine was called the 2CW (2 Cans with Wires). If you were good to me I would let you in my network and tie your string to my 2CW. Then we all would camp out in grandma's back yard and chat all night. When I was in the boyscouts, our brothers introduced us to Morse code which could conveniently be sent via walkie talkies or telegraphs that were connected with miles and miles of wiring. We even had to learn the basic codes so that we could send secret taps in silence using eye winks and pass those silly science exams without the teacher finding out. These days, Students still cheat and they use their highly expressionistic devices and "text" each other the answers. Nowadays, more and more teachers request homework to be typewritten and sent via email or posted to a webserver like Blackboard.com. Whatever happened to the usual hand written and hand given assignments? Handwriting of children these days don't develop and we end up having teenagers and even adults that have sloppy handwriting. In my field of business, I rely on the good handwriting. If I interview a prospective team member. I make sure they write legibly otherwise I don't even bother with a second interview. If one handwriting is hard to read. How am I suppose to understand those damn chicken scratches on the order forms. Last summer, the entire northeast was blacked out due to an electrical malfunction. All the network phones didn't work because the electricity was out. I had a back up analog phone and placed it in our fax jack and voila we had a phone to communicate with. Lately, we have had a series of viruses infiltrating our networks and slowing down the internet. How can you possibly send a digital file for printing? Burning it to a CD or hand delivering a print on paper. We have come to rely on technology to help us run our world. We have also progressed and created new technologies that hackers and viruses have plagued and brought us back to the 80's. Lets not make them win. Always have a back up plan and when the lights go out again. Remember, you can always tap on the can with the wires attached and communicate your thoughts or better yet write it on paper and send it to someone. NET

 Hey, Vince!!! Thank you so much for offering a pledge!! I really appreciate it! You can enter your pledge online or you can just email me your address and pledge amount and I will just add it to my pledge sheet.. What do you think? BTW, I really like Buzznet! I can't wait to get a camera phone so I can start mo blogging.. But it'll be August before I get a new phone.. I just have a handmedown T300 right now with a detachable camera but I want a T610 or my dream phone, which I'll prob never be able to afford in this lifetime, the P900! I am waiting until August bec that's when Brian gets a free one from his work.. I am cheap and do not want to have to pay for it.

 urlLink BUZZNET Wow! Ching I had no idea that you didnt know about BUZZNET. I was actually just testing out the reliability of this service. So far its a MOBLOG server that is not only reliable, but it is ingenius and versatile. You can actually post a lot of pictures without paying for the service although membership does have its privileges... I'll post more about it on another post. I've been so busy with work and with life that I have yet post an official review of it. In the mean time, you can peruse my Buzznet by urlLink CLICKING HERE PS: I would like to contribute to your fundraising goal. Email me okay?

 Net, why didn't you tell me about Buzznet?

 Printing Digital Pictures Where do you print your digital pictures? Sony Picture Station Kodak Picture Maker Online Developing I go to the place down the street Current Results

 Filters On 1.1 These email filters certainly works! Now all Ching emails sent to my yahoo address gets sent to Bulk Mail... (Freudian Slip) I mean to say spam mail gets sent to bulk mail. =)

 My ISP does some real aggressive spam filtering. The only spam I get anymore is from Ching... :O Kidding, Ching, I'm kidding!!!! Daf (does anyone here call me Daf anymore? Just curious...)

 Filters On! In the last onslaught of worms and virus attachments, our email server at work has been given an upgrade. If you use netscape communicator or outlook express as your default email client, I would suggest that you guys create filters to delete repeated subject headings to further slow down this dreaded disease that is floating all over the internet and in all email servers. ie. If you get a frequent subject headings like "RE: Hi", "RE: Mailer Daemon", or the ever popular "Re: Hello" Just a little P.S.A. ordered just to make your email and internet surfing a little more enjoyable instead of waiting due to lag time - most especially those who still use dial-up. Cheers!

 NET-- I did a virus scan using housecall.trendmicro.com since I wasn't sure my virus definitions with Norton were up to date.. No viruses or infections found.. I did check with my Cox tech support.. Here's the chat session: Mufizal> Welcome to Cox High Speed Internet Service Online Technical Support Mufizal> May I have your phone number with area code of the primary account holder and full cox.net e-mail address, please? Mufizal> Thanks. I understand that you are receiving bounced e-mail you never sent. Brian and Ching> Yes.. I notice it a lot. Mufizal> Please be advised that these are spam. Brian and Ching> My spam blocker blocks it but I get quite a few. Mufizal> Please don't reply Mufizal> and delete it. Brian and Ching> OH.. I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't sending them. Brian and Ching> So it's just spam coming in like it is from Mail Delivery System? Mufizal> It is spam. Brian and Ching> Ok.. Well that's all I needed. Mufizal> Yes. Brian and Ching> Thanks! Mufizal> Thank you for choosing Cox Communication as your friend in the Digital age.

 MailerDaemon is the Devil! Actually, to clarify your email troubles Ching, I will have to ask you if you are experiencing this trouble on your work email or your internet providers service? If its from your email at work, just ignore it and do not at all cost download the attachment that was sent with the md message. There are several versions of a certain worm that is plaguing email servers that just pulls out random email addresses and sends them msgs or sends out messages that were suppose to be from you but are not necessarily true. Its already taken over our server which took about a weekend to resolve. Four weeks ago we could not provide our customers our email addy to send files to because of these worms and viruses. Recommendations: 1) Create an email filter on your IMAP or POP set up to ignore and delete all messages that has mailerdaemon on it until such mail stops coming to you.( About 3 or 4 days). 2) Make sure that you have the most recent update to your Antivirus software. 3) Dont download any email attachments. Not even those jpg from your winter vacation. 4) Optional: Eat some cheese sticks and hold the mayo. As far as streaming video through the router. Try configuring the router to have an open port available for the steaming video to come out to the internet. Actually you might not want to anyway because the cable company or your internet provider might start charging you more money for using up more bandwith than what you're allowed to have under normal situations.

 Disregard the prev msg.. We cannot get streaming video to work bec of our router. We can see it fine on his computer and mine but anyone outside our network is SOL and that is just bunk! BTW, Net -- speaking of worms and viruses.. I keep getting mailerdaemon msgs telling me that my message could not be sent to all of these people and I don't recognize any of the email addresses.. What does that mean?

 Check it out! I now have streaming video on my web site. This calls for celiberation. I will soon be redesigning my web site to incorperate this into my page. If you want to see me in action, just click on the webcam link above. I will never turn my camera off again. Oh, one more thing. My wife's is not streaming as well. check hers out at urlLink here

 hi april hope you're okay. happy belated bday! :)

 hmmm.... bad birthday trip to the philippines. wallet w/all money n id's were stolen. almost killed by thief!!! wanna go home.

 urlLink Kinkoman has a new urlLink email address! urlLink Google has jumped in the bandwith wagon by adding email to their plate of services. What I like about it is that now I my mail has a direct relationship with urlLink Blogger . For those of you that constantly email me for questions and comments about your experiences with urlLink Kinko's , please take note and change my email on your data base. For those of you that spam me, please stop and no I dont want a credit report nor do I want to refinance my mortgage let alone need to know where my lost classmates from grade school. AAAAAlrightyyyyy then!

 CFH Revisited It appears that my premonitions have been heard. urlLink Chris Pirillo IS coming back to his old digs at urlLink Tech TV 's urlLink Call For Help show. He will be taping a couple of shows on Monday which will air Wednesday and Thursday next week. Tape it, Tivo it, MOV it. Do everything! These shows will live in infamy. Im gonna get someone to tape it since I no longer have Digital Cable.

 01001001 00100000 01101010 01110101 01110011 01110100 00100000 01110111 01100001 01101110 01110100 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01110011 01100001 01111001 00100000 01101000 01101111 01110111 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110000 01110000 01111001 00100000 01001001 00100000 01100001 01101101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100001 01110100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01110111 01100101 01110010 01100101 00100000 01100001 01100010 01101100 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01110100 01110010 01100001 01101110 01110011 01101100 01100001 01110100 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01110000 01100001 01110010 01100001 01100111 01110010 01100001 01110000 01101000 00101110 00100000 01001001 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101111 01101111 01101011 00100000 01000011 01101000 01110010 01101001 01110011 00100000 01010000 01101001 01110010 01101001 01101100 01101100 01101111 00100000 01110111 01100101 01101100 01101100 00100000 01101111 01110110 01100101 01110010 00100000 01100110 01101111 01110101 01110010 00100000 01101000 01101111 01110101 01110010 01110011 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100001 01110011 01110011 01100101 01101101 01100010 01101100 01100101 00101110 00100000 01000010 01100101 00100000 01110011 01110101 01110010 01100101 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100101 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110011 01101111 01101101 01100101 00100000 01001111 01100001 01110100 01101101 01100101 01100001 01101100 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01101101 01101111 01110010 01101110 01101001 01101110 01100111 00101110

 My RSS feed update. Beginning today, one can subscribe to my atom feed through urlLink Feedburner ! After so much hype with atom and a great system for reading my urlLink Atom feed, I have finally found a great site that shows my updates neat, organized and at the same time sparks readers to visit my site to read the entire post. Why not view it right now? Just click on the links or the XML icon on the right side of my site. Enjoy!

 Okay, net, I'm, at google too: urlLink jay.ricketts@gmail.com Should be cool - I've been following the Figueroa thing, Google's position seems harmless enough...

 Did you all know that blogger now has a built-in commenting system? There are several new features, too!! Check 'em out.

 Late Breaking News: urlLink Just picked this up from The Laporte Report: "G4 has fired the entire staff of TechTV". They have been given the official 60 day notice for plant closing. The studios in San Francisco will be closing and 100 of the existing jobs will be posted for staffers that are willing to relocate to LA. My hope is that urlLink Mr. Pirillo has been keeping an eye on this news flash and is filling in for a position in L.A. right at this moment. Sigh, one can only hope.

 Just a little plug, If you plan to send out a package overnight, stop my your local urlLink FedEx Kinko's and send it through us. =)

 Oh, my gulay! how weird. when i went to pinas, i aLso met mah half brother i didn't know existed. His name is ashley and he's eight. yup, that's how long he's been alive and i didn't know... he's one of the reasons i'm going back this pasko. i was terribly stressed about it because i think mom knows, yet she didnt say anything. i dont wanna tell her aLtho she was asking if i "noticed" anything wyl i was there. yup... iono what to do about that. i did tell my sister, who could care less about my dad and the whole thing. i hate family secrets!

 Sorry about the mixup.. My Gmail is under cherrie.brubaker - I forgot. I just checked it again today.. And I found 1 email in there from Gmail mgmt on 4/27. I had sent them an email asking about an import/export contacts feature on 4/24 and they replied on 4/27 so that's pretty fast response time. Here is their reply: Hello Cherrie, Thank you for your message. We are currently working on many new features to improve the Gmail service. Some upcoming features we are excited to announce are the following: - Automatic forwarding of your email to another account - Plain HTML version of Gmail - Import/export Contacts We hope you enjoy Google's approach to email. Sincerely, The Gmail Team

 If you have been viewing my urlLink buzznet lately, you may have discovered some published photos of Evelyn my half sister who is currently in the Philippines. Its a little off topic for this blog but I really need to put some thoughts about it here. If you ever read my previous blogs in urlLink RadioLand , you may have come across some postings about her. For the past 14 years, Evy has been the topic of conversation amongs us half siblings of her. Last March, my brother Adolph went to PI for vacation and our father finally lets out the secret half sibling of ours. She is such a cutey patootey! I am still shocked at the fact that I do have a sister that I havent met yet. I would certainly hope that she will accept us as her long lost siblings too. Our Dad has led a somewhat mysterious private life after we moved out here to the US. Now much rumors has been heard about Evy, and I am relieved that she has finally appeared in pictures. Yesterday, my sister, my brother and I had lunch with our mother and she revealed yet another rumor about a half brother that might be lurking out there. According to Mom, we have a half brother who was born a year after my sister Marie was born. Alledgedly, it is reported that our half brother is now living in Thailand somewhere. Its amazing what secrets my family holds from all of us. I am glad that one secret is out there to be told and resolved. So what secrets does your family hold?.

 .flickr-photo { border: solid 2px #000000;}.flickr-yourcomment {}.flickr-frame { text-align: left; padding: 3px;}.flickr-caption { font: 75%;/* color: #666666; */ margin-top: 0px;}.flickr-buddyicon { margin-right:5px; vertical-align:middle; border: solid 1px;}.flickr-postedby { font: 75%;} urlLink urlLink cebu beach , originally uploaded by urlLink acebasa .

 This is a test of the Flickr Blog This thingamajig. urlLink urlLink Sarah Originally uploaded by urlLink Ching .

 Friendster is so yesterday.. Brownpau has deleted his Friendster account. Tara Reid has removed her Friendster account. And while my account is still active, I haven't been on it much lately. The new "in" thing right now is Flickr . You all should check it out. All the cool internet people are on it (Ev, Lance Arthur, Jason Kottke and me just to name a few). Don't you all want to be a part of the newest internet fad thingie?

 urlLink

 urlLink

 Guess what folks, Google has acquired Picasa so you can now download it for free . It's great if you don't have Adobe Photoshop Album or don't want to pay for it.

 Oooh!! Brian can do that one.. BTW, wanna see something cool? http://www.randysdonuts.com/web.html - Randy's Donuts Webcam!

 WIthout going to the Marvel website. How many of Spiderman's Arch Enemies do you know?

 I have been given the opportunity to fill in as a guest blogger at urlLink jozjozjoz.com . The titled posts will be from Kinkoman so just peruse for it.&nbsp; All I can tell you for now is that I found my old diary rummaging through my stuff.&nbsp; Its got an interesting story that I am now ready to share to the world urlLink ...

 hello 2 everyone!!!

 Have you ever been curious about transsexuals? I found a M-F one living in Wichita .

 Hi y'all! I just had a dental cleaning last thursday. I must say that my dentist was very thorough especially when he was told that I have never been to a dentist in over eight years! His assistant took x-rays of my molars and also a 360 degree x-ray of all my teeth. I must say that a lot of technology has overtaken the dental industry. I could have never imagined how technolgy could invade such a profession, but it has. I was amazed about the data transfer capabilities of my dentist. He has another assistant at the front who took all my information and placed it on the computer database. This database was shared thru out the entire office via ethernet cables and my dentist accessed it on the network like a snap of a finger (well, he really did his fingers do the walking by typing it on a keyboard). The next technology? X-ray of course! His assistant took xrays of my teeth and automatically was data transferred to my files. All my dentist had to do was pull up my xray folder and voila! On the computer screen were my molars with little rectangles which were my fillings! Its too bad that the dentist could not automate the cleaning process. Still had to drill and pick and use that suction/vaccuum system to work on my teeth. Result? After over 8 long years, I have great looking teeth sans the yellowing from occasional smoking. See you in six months doc...

