 Alright urlLink Lindsay , let's see if I can match your dream posts. The first dream I had was more of a nightmare. Basically, two shady guys were going door to door trying to sell Smartphones to people. They had about 40 of the phones just tossed into a big plastic box. I don't remember actually letting them into the house, but all of a sudden they were both in my parents kitchen trying to sell us AR11s. As a side note, the urlLink AR11 is our most hated device. It would never see a retail market because it has so many problems. Anyway, at first they were lackadaisically trying to get us to each buy a phone. It seemed that they were both very tired, worn out and just wanted money. It also seemed as if all the phones were stolen, obviously. When we refused to buy a phone, they started to argue and yell at us. Eventually, I took things into my own hands and started to beat on the leader of the two guys. I didn't hurt him too much and suddenly he was gone. I shoved his companion out the door and he rested against a parked car. Now this is where it starts to get weird and will be hard to imagine. So picture that you are looking out the door of a house onto a driveway. From your vantage point, you can see just the backend of a car parked in the driveway. The second bad guy that I tossed out of the house was leaning against the car, facing the door. He wasn't looking directly at me, but basically looking at the ground. He seemed exhausted and looked to be resting a bit before moving on. Suddenly and without warning, you see just a glimpse of the first shady guy come into the picture as he drops an axe down on the skull of the second guy, practically cleaving it in two! For some reason, I busted out of the house and ran past both the man wielding the axe and his now-dead accomplice. I felt that I was being chased a bit and then I felt everything had changed. I looked around, and the man with the axe was now laying on his back on the hood of a different car. His axe seemed to have bashed him directly in the face. I focused past that and saw my mom's friend Evelyn holding a smoking gun! I can only assume that while he was chasing me, she shot him in the back, he fell back onto the car and then his axe fell onto his face. I woke up after that one. The second dream is fairly hazy, but I know some details. The scene was the last day of class in presumably high school. It was more like a boarding school because not only did we have to clean out our desks and say goodbye to students and teachers but we had to pack up our bedding and clothes as well. I'm sure this has something to do with me reading so much Harry Potter lately. I know there was some crying and there was a dark haired female teacher that we were all sad to say goodbye to. The next thing I know, I'm getting married! I don't remember much of the details, but it seems that in the dream I had a wedding and got married to Jamie, then we divorced, then I was getting married to someone else not a month later. Weird.

 Ok, let's play with some numbers. Here are the current urlLink WRC standings: (57 pts) Richard Burns (55 pts) Sebastien Loeb (53 pts) Carlos Sainz (48 pts) Petter Solberg (43 pts) Markko Martin (38 pts) Marcus Gronholm Burns is on a downward slope. If his performance in Italy is any indication of his desire to win the championship, we can all but write him off. Expect Burns to score maybe 8 more points over the last three rallies. Loeb is hot now, but he is also inexperienced. His car is sick, so if he can avoid a major retirement in Britain he is going to pull down at least 15 more points. Sainz is too experienced to drop out of this championship without a fight. He won't partake in any major gambling, but he will be consistant. I'll give him 12 points. Petter knows he needs to score some serious points to vault into the championship, so he will twist his natural talent into desperation. At least two early retirements will keep him below 8 more points in the final rallies. Markko is going to destroy the next two rallies. Expect a first and a second place finish. The final rally in Great Britain is going to decide this championship. Gronholm has retired from the last three rallies. Expect another two retirements with a third place race to finish off the season. The final standings and points: (70 pts) Sebastien Loeb (69 pts) Markko Martin (65 pts) Carlos Sainz (64 pts) Richard Burns (56 pts) Petter Solberg (44 pts) Marcus Gronholm You heard it here first.

 Deciding to change my own oil may have been a bad call and I haven't even done it yet! After calling around to four different oil change shops in the area, I decided to do it myself. The cheapest I found was $25 and that was at a place I wouldn't trust. I ran to Napa auto parts and purchased six quarts of Mobil 1, oil filter, filter wrench, funnel, shop rags and wheel ramps. $70 in initial costs and an estimate of about $31 per additional oil change means I'm going to spend more money to do it myself! Granted, the prices that I was quoted for an oil change was not for synthetic oil. I guess it is more respectable to change your own oil... nah, I screwed up.

 Car update: So, you all know about the damage to my car ( urlLink original condition , urlLink information , urlLink damaged condition ). For some reason when I signed up for auto insurance, I didn't elect to add rental car coverage. My thought was simply that I doubt I will ever need to make a claim and if so it would only be for a couple of days. I figured that if I needed to rent a car, paying for two days wouldn't be so bad. Sigh, such stupidity. I took my car in two Mondays ago (09/22/2003) and expected to have it back by Wednesday. When I dropped it off, they said it would be done by Friday at the latest. Oh well, what can I do, I need a car so I will just pay for 5 days. Friday rolls around and the car is not ready. That sucks because the shop is closed on the weekends meaning at least three more days of renting the car. Monday comes and the car is not ready. Tuesday comes and the car is not ready. Finally I pick up the car on Wednesday (10/01/2003) and they got the wrong fog lamp in so that wasn't replaced. Total charge for renting a car for ten days: $375! All because I didn't want to pay the $60/year for car rental coverage.

 Dan owns a timeshare on a plane; a plane! Man, I really need to learn to save my money.

 Endurance races in Gran Turismo 3 are a bitch! The easiest one, im my opinion, is the Roadster race. All of the cars are stock roadsters, so it's fairly easy to get a useable car from the start. I used a Mazda LS with super-slick (AKA high-endurance) tires. It took over 70 minutes to complete 40 laps, but I demolished the competition! I lapped everyone and almost double lapped the slowest car. There are four possible cars you can receive after winning this race (F688/S F1, Mazda Miata, Mazda Miata 1.8 RS or Mazda Miata RS) and of course I got the worst one (the plain Miata). Sigh.

 urlLink Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne Review for PC at GameSpot . Jeff and I were going to split the cost of a copy, but then he realized his computer couldn't handle it. Looks like I'm flying solo!

 The combined score for my flag football team thus far is 9-184 (0-42, 0-28, 7-35, 0-51 and 2-28). Pathetic!

 urlLink Temple of VTEC Rumors and News - Honda HSC Concept foreshadows '05 NSX . Comments later. Update: It looks like this is definitely going to be the prototype for the next NSX. It's a shame that Honda is probably going to keep HP in the sub 400 range, and probably closer to 300 HP. It coulda been a monster.

 urlLink New Edition Announcements . Comments later. Update: That is a link to a new model of Miata. A lot of people get into car racing through Miatas, so I'm keeping an eye on new model developments. I can't really fit into one, so it won't affect me.

 Another night, another crazy dream though I can only rememeber a few details from this one. Basically, I was a spy and my boss was the developer lead for my team. My first task was to assemble a disguise that would let me infiltrate the ranks of my target. It required some sort of black cape, weird black boots, a wig and makeup to look like an old woman and four old, silver coins. I started to assemble this disguise and eventually realized it would not work and came up with a different one. I had on tight black pants, black dress shoes, a beige collared sweater (sort of like this urlLink one but with a collar) with the collar up. Now that I had my disguise (if you can even consider that a disguise), I had to infiltrate the target location. From my surroundings, the locale was possibly the city of New York, but checking my maps showed St. Petersburg. So, yes, I was infiltrating a Russian installation. From here, the rest of the dream is very fuzzy. I do remember getting onto an elevator and having a woman roll her eyes viciously. I do remember some of the emotions that I felt. When I was performing the first task, I knew that I was taking shortcuts and that my boss would be upset if he found out. I believe the same thing happened when I was actually on my way to the base. I was using some sort of device to track my location (probably a urlLink Windows Mobile powered device, naturally) and that was against the rules of engagement.

 So in the past two weeks of flag football, my team has lost 58-0 and 28-2. Last week, my QB didn't remember how to hand off the ball and I plowed into him. The starting QB and the starting RB, plowing directly into each other. Too bad I was the taller of the two as my nose connected to his forehead. The blood started flowing immediately. This week, I jammed my middle finger on my right hand before the game started. That wouldn't have been that bad but I was starting QB! I couldn't feather out my floating passes like I wanted to and the team can't catch bullet passes. I gave up five interceptions, I believe.

 I just realized that I have never attended class drunk. Oh well, there is always grad school!

 About a week ago, I sent out an email to just about everyone in my address book that didn't live in Washington. The email outlined my new contact info for both home and work and that's about it. Well, some people didn't seem to appreciate this information: From lwashnoc@yahoo.com Date: Mon, 6 Oct 2003 18:04:05 -0700 (PDT) From: Laura Washnock-DiPietro To: mbibik AT umich DOT edu Mike, I want you to stay completely out of my life, that is, after all, why I broke up with you. This means that I do not want to hear from you and I do not want you contacting, in any way, my friends and family. Trust me, they do not want to hear from you either. I did not email you earlier because I did not want to talk to you. I don't care about your new address and phone number. I don't care about your new job. In short, I don't care about what you are doing with your life. I also do not care for you to know what is going on in my life. If you are looking for closure, here it is. I broke up with you because you made me miserable. You were emotionally abusive and controlling. You put me down and made me feel stupid for being myself. When I broke up with you, I was too afraid of you to be this direct. I am not anymore and I am sick of you trying to weasel your way back into my life. Leave my friends alone. Leave my family alone. Leave me alone. Laura Seeing as how a regular reply might not be appreciated either and I always need to get the last word in, here is my open letter of reply: Laura, First off, relax. We have not talked since the beginning of this year. I sent two emails over that period of time inquiring about your well-being. I love how that is considered me trying to weasel my way back into your life! I send an email to everyone in my address book about my new contact info and this is the reply that I get? That is just a bit dramatic! Twice you mentioned leaving your family and friends alone. I can only assume that you brought this up because they received the same contact info email as you did. Had I known that would upset them so much, I definitely would have reconsidered sending it to them! Sarcasm aside, I will not trust you when you say they don't want to hear from me. A few of your friends didn't like me while we were together and I'm sure a few more switched sides when you broke up with me. I do know that certain people, including at least one sibling of yours, think differently. You may have requested that they all shun me but that cannot affect their true feelings. Who is being the controlling one now? It's a shame that you cannot trust them to make their own decisions. I made you feel stupid? I'm sorry; I must have acted as a mirror of some sort, allowing you to see yourself for who you truly are. It does not take much for someone whose only intellectual hobby is to watch VH1 for hours on end to think of themselves as being stupid. Try reading a book. Better yet, try challenging yourself! Outside of your required courses, did you take anything difficult in college? I know you didn't make it into the honors program, but there are some difficult classes offered to the rest of the school as well. So, you broke up with me so that I would stay completely out of your life? Is that how it works? Why is it that so many other people have the ability to break up and at least be cordial? Actually, if I remember correctly, you have no contact whatsoever with any of your exes. Why is that? Do you understand how to forgive people? Are your emotional abilities so black-and-white that once you break up with someone, all emotion toward them must turn to hate? Do you even understand how to separate the concepts of friend and significant other? Hopefully you will learn with Alex. Hey, he was one of my good friends back in elementary school. He was probably one of the main reasons why we broke up and still I do not hate him. Forgive and forget. Here is my take on the situation as a whole. You met Alex while we were together and while our relationship was having problems. Having a small shred of morality, you knew that you couldn't cheat so you decided to break up with me to be with him. Though we did have problems, there was still some good in the relationship. While you were with Alex, you had to channel that emotional energy somewhere. The easiest emotion to channel into is hate, so there it went! It is much easier to hate someone with support from people you are close to so you slandered me enough to gain this support. When you saw my latest email, you felt a slight twinge of interest but you had to kill it. Instead of forgiving and forgetting, you redirected that twinge into the anger spewed forth in your email. For that emotional outburst, I applaud you. Even if I am completely wrong, know that you have now proved yourself as the paragon of emotional puerility you were destined to become. M.

 My apartment complex is comprised of four seperate buildings that share a single underground parking garage. When Russell and I moved in, we took two of the last parking spots available. They were over by building B while we lived in building A but it is just a short 30 meter walk across the garage. Last night after working out, I followed another car into the garage. They parked over by building A while I parked by building B. We crossed paths as we went to the opposing building. I didn't think anything of it, but she called out to me just as I was about to enter the building. We traded contact info and decided that we should trade parking spots. She was quite attractive as well; maybe that is why I didn't say anything in the first place.

 I no longer like investing. MSFT posts improved earnings and profits, beats the street estimate by a cent and our stock goes DOWN $2 the next day. Sigh.

 Hmm, factoring in employer contribution, my 401k currently has a return of 57.02% and my stock currently has a return of 32.03%. I like investing!

 As of today, urlLink Windows Mobile powered urlLink Smartphones are available in the US! urlLink AT&T Wireless is carrying the urlLink Motorola MPx200 . This is a monumental leap forward for my department. We have been working on the Smartphone platform for years and we are now in the US market! The AT&T site is selling the phone for $299, but until 10/28/2003, urlLink Amazon has the urlLink phone for $149.99 (after $150 mail-in rebate). It is difficult to explain just how powerful these phones are in words. First off, it's a great phone. Reception is rarely an issue, audio quality is fantastic and all the features of a regular phone are there. Combine that with a full-fledged PIM (calendar, contacts, tasks, email), MP3 and video player, Internet Explorer, MSN Messenger, and more! An additional feature that not many people know about is you can use most of these phones as a wireless modem as well! Anywhere you go with your laptop, just connect your phone with the provided USB cable and now you are on the internet! The longer I am in this department, the more I love the products.

 urlLink BBC Top Gear : "I'm told that on a track, any track, the [Focus] RS is faster than a Subaru Impreza. Better looking too, but that's not hard." Haha, I'm starting to agree with all the reports about the looks of the Impreza. Sorry, Jeff and Joe, it really doesn't look all that hot. Then again, I almost bought urlLink this and even I know it looks like crap.

 My god, look at the travel on this urlLink suspension ! The wheels have to be a good 8-10 inches away from their default height. The expansion pressure on those shocks must be enormous.

 urlLink Seems urlLink like urlLink fall in urlLink Seattle (taken from my balcony).

 Oh, yesterday's flag football game? We lost, 52-7.

 So last night was the urlLink big go-karting event at urlLink Champs Karting . Racers: Katherine, Russ, Jeff, Jeff's sister, Jeff's sister's boyfriend, Lee, Mark, Andy, Kevin, Joel, Dennis, Rob and another Jeff. It's a shame that Champs online results system is broken because then I could give actual speed numbers. At Champs, each race is 18 laps and because of the staggered start, the winner is whomever has the fastest single lap. I raced with Katherine, Mark and Lee. Mark set the fastest lap of the night (for our group) with a 20.00 flat. Lee was second with a very close 20.03 and I was third with 20.30. The track was fairly small but I didn't fully figure it out until about half way through. As you can see on urlLink this map , there are a few hairpin turns. The worst was turn 3. No matter what I did, I couldn't seem to get enough exit velocity. If it was a real car, I would have changed the gear ratios for faster low-end acceleration. I figured out how to gain some serious velocity through turns 1 and 2, but 3 was my down fall. I'm sure another go at it and I would improve by at least .3 seconds a lap. Overall, I think everyone had a good time. Jeff and crew had to leave early since they had just gotten in from across the country that morning. His sister honestly looked like she pulled two all nighters. You know that glazed, watery look? She had a textbook case. Jeff will probably drag me back there, no worries. Afterward, Katherine, Russ, Lee and I went to Belltown Billiards. We were supposed to meet up with Lee's friend Craig, but he never showed. Everytime I go to the bar, I can never think of a cool mixed drink to order. I need to work on a list.

 So, Katherine works in pharmaceutical sales. One of the greatest accomplishments in this field is to get one of your drugs into regular rotation at a hospital. Basically, once the drug has been accepted by the hospital, smaller practices near the hospital will pick it up. Once it's spread through one area, other hospitals may pick it up soon after. Getting a hospital to accept your drug is no easy process. A representative doctor will get drilled about all the details on a drug for hours on end in front of a huge committee. Kat's father is a cardiologist. By basically his idea, his impetus and his work, he got one of her drugs approved at the local hospital. The hospital was not in her territory, so she knew that some of the credit would naturally fall to the territory owner. Last night after a hard day of work, she got home and checked her email. Her boss sent out an email to the entire west coast staff including her great great grandmanager. The announcement basically gave 110% of the credit to this other person and practically put Kat down! The wording of the email stated that this other person did all of the work, Kat basically helped the morning of the final presentation (implicating that she was late with the work and lazy) and gave very little credit to her father. Naturally, she was appalled. It's going to be hard to repair all of the damage that single email has done. I suggested it was time to start becoming a backstabbing, credit-grabbing bastard like the rest of her coworkers.

 So, I decided to add a car to urlLink my list : The Porsche 911 Carrera. So, here are the updated numbers: THE RAW DATA &nbsp; 350Z RX-8 RSX WRX Evo VIII Carrera Horsepower 287 250 200 227 271 320 Torque 274 159 142 217 273 273 0-60 Time 5.5 5.9 6.1 5.6 5.3 5.0 EPA City 20 18 24 20 18 18 EPA Highway 26 23 31 27 26 26 Price 32136 29900 26907 28540 30529 68800 Seating 2 4 4 4 4 4 Transmission 6 6 6 5 5 6 Wheelbase 104.3 106.3 101.2 99.4 103.3 92.5 Weight 3188 2933 2775 3140 3263 3020 Wheels 18 18 16 16 17 17 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Looks 10 9 8 7 7 10 Power/Weight 0.0900 0.0852 0.0721 0.0723 0.0831 0.1060 Torque/Weight 0.0860 0.0542 0.0512 0.0691 0.0837 0.0904 THE NORMALIZED DATA &nbsp; 350Z RX-8 RSX WRX Evo VIII Carrera &nbsp; WEIGHT Horsepower 8.969 7.813 6.250 7.094 8.469 10 &nbsp; 0 Torque 10 5.803 5.182 7.920 9.964 9.964 &nbsp; 0 0-60 Time 9.091 8.475 8.197 8.929 9.434 10 &nbsp; 8 EPA City 8.333 7.5 10 8.333 7.5 7.5 &nbsp; 5 EPA Highway 8.387 7.419 10 8.710 8.387 8.387 &nbsp; 4 Price 8.373 8.999 10 9.428 8.814 3.911 &nbsp; 7 Seating 5 10 10 10 10 10 &nbsp; 6 Transmission 10 10 10 8.333 8.333 10 &nbsp; 3 Wheelbase 8.869 8.702 9.140 9.306 8.955 10 &nbsp; 2 Weight 8.705 9.461 10 8.838 8.504 9.189 &nbsp; 0 Wheels 10 10 8.888 8.888 9.444 9.444 &nbsp; 1 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Looks 10 9 8 7 7 10 &nbsp; 11 Power/Weight 8.496 8.044 6.802 6.823 7.838 10 &nbsp; 10 Torque/Weight 9.507 5.997 5.661 7.645 9.255 10 &nbsp; 9 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; TOTAL 574.8 548.8 549.7 540.5 559.2 597.9 &nbsp; &nbsp; RANKING 2 5 4 6 3 1 &nbsp; &nbsp;

 When the load gets tough, the tough get loaded.

 urlLink AutoWeek - Car News : "Mitsubishi trimmed 146 pounds of nonessential items from its already-stellar Lancer Evolution for even more performance. Those items include the wing; HID lights (replaced with halogens); rear wiper; air conditioning; ABS; power motors for the windows, doors, locks and side mirrors; the entire audio system; trim in the trunk; vanity mirrors; rear assist grips; map lights; lots of sound-deadening material and even that little piece of leather wrapping that goes around the parking brake lever." All that removed and it's only $3,000 cheaper. I'll pass.

 urlLink UPDATE - Microsoft turns to IBM for next Xbox chip : "The next version of Xbox is expected to be announced in January by Microsoft founder and Chairman Bill Gates and to be on sale next fall ahead of the holidays, according to Doherty." A coworker mentioned to me on Wednesday night that Xbox2 would be out in time for next Christmas. I couldn't believe him, but here is an outside source saying the same thing. Not that I believe everything on the internet...

 How to create an OpenBSD 3.4 ISO: Download the requisite files from urlLink ftp://ftp.openbsd.org . (I would suggest ports.tar.gz, src.tar.gz, sys.tar.gz and the entire i386 folder.) On your old OBSD machine (since you all have one), cd to the root of the new CD Use mkhybrid to make an ISO: mkhybrid -b i386/floppy34.fs -c boot.catalog -l -J -L -r -o obsd34.iso . (That final period is necessary! Isn't it always?)

 urlLink Howstuffworks "How Dieting Works" : "Try wearing form-fitting clothes instead of sweats. The tight clothing acts as a subliminal reminder of what you are trying to accomplish." Best dieting advice I've heard all year!

 I need to cut caffeine again. As stated in this urlLink survey , my sleep requirements went from 8.5 to 5 hours when I quit caffeine. I wasn't exactly sure if it was the lack of caffeine or the dramatic increase in exercise that was the cause of the change. Now that I'm still working out just as much (or more) and I'm back on caffeine, my sleep requirements are back at 8.5 hours. It wouldn't be such a bad thing if I wasn't falling asleep at inopportune moments...

 Bullets of Importance&trade;: Michigan is now first in the Big Ten and in the top 10 in the nation ( urlLink story ) Microsoft has partnered with IBM for the processor for the next Xbox ( urlLink story ) The Green River Killer will plead guilty to 48 counts of murder ( urlLink story ) On a much less grisly and much more important note, Kat turns 24 today!

 So I'm back to including a bit of cardio into my exercise regime. On Tuesday, Jeff decided he wasn't up for racquetball so we did 30 minutes of cardio before lifting. I hit the elliptical for that entire time, burning over 400 calories. Lifting directly afterward felt so much different than normal where we start with lifting. Basically, every exercise seemed at least 15% more difficult. Anytime I have to grunt through an entire set of bench presses, I shouldn't be doing that much weight (nor does anyone actually want to hear me grunt). Last night, Jeff had two futbol games to play with his MS club so I hit the gym alone. Again, 400 calories on the elliptical. Many people have commented on my increased size (I've assumed musculature so far since most of these people wouldn't say "Man, looking a little pudgy there, Mike!"), but I feel that all the added muscle mass is simply pushing the existing fat out farther. I'm almost tempted to scale back lifting in favor of cardio, but then I wouldn't be making progress in strength. I've added at least 25 pounds to my bench since we started working out at the end of the summer. Maybe I should just get liposuction and keep lifting!

 When ordering a corduroy schoolboy jacket, I really wish online sites wouldn't shorten my order to "corduroy schoolboy". I have some decency, honest! I would never order a schoolboy if he was from Couduroy.

 urlLink FCC allows home numbers to be switched to wireless phones - Nov. 11, 2003 : When I first read this article, I thought "Great! So many people will love this feature." Now that I really think about it, how much use is this really going to get? Ever since cell phones became popular, adding a new phone number became a routine occurance. It is not that big of a deal to change a phone number. I could have a skewed viewpoint because almost everyone that has my phone number also has an email address. Everytime I changed phone numbers (which happened every year in college and once again when I moved out to Washington), I've sent out an email announcing the change. It could be much more difficult for other people that do not have an alternate form of communication. I can see this being used by people that ran a business line in their home. They can keep the same number, which is probably on business cards, websites, etc but now have it tied to a mobile phone. Since I work in the mobile phone industry, any way to get more people to switch is fine with me! I do see one issue with this ruling though. Up to this point, I believe that telemarketers relied on the fact that cell phones and landlines were completely seperate. They knew which extensions mobile operators had and would not call those numbers (since it is illegal to telemarket to a cell phone since it costs the customer money). Now, that line is completely removed. Is there going to be a national database of cellular versus landlines? How secure would that be?

 Being constantly screwed over by your job but still being paid well and not wanting to ruin your resume by quitting before you put in two years has to be one of the most frustrating situations in the world.

 urlLink Brits ready for face off : "In a key report to be published on 19 November, members will highlight a catalogue of concerns - focusing on the huge psychologicaland emotional difficulties patients associated with having a dead person's face."

 urlLink Motor Trend Names Toyota Prius 2004 Car of the Year . I think I just found a reason to cancel my Motor Trend subscription (six days after I just renewed for two more years...). How in the world is the Prius the car of the year?! I believe that a car with at least a single, glaring issue should not be in contention for car of the year. The issue with the Prius? The back end. Just look at the boot on that car. Toyota design engineers: "So, we've simply run out of ideas. We tried inverting the emblem and the lights and the fender, we've tried square tail lights, round tail lights, clear tail lights (damn Altezza), round back ends, square backends, triangle back ends, full trunks, full hatchbacks, half and half, we've tried everything! Well, almost everything. Let's try to 'reverse psych' our customers. We are going to take the ugliest rear known in existence, the Pontiac Aztec, and then squish it into half the space and give it clear tail lights! Briliant!" Ugh.

 Just tonight, Jeff, Dan and I were discussing who are the worst drivers. It may be stereotypical, but women are not as good of drivers on average as men. Case in point, while waiting to turn left at a light, Jeff and I saw two cars pass that did not have their headlights on: both women, both on cell phones.

 "A man will fall in love with some beauty, with a woman's body, or even with a part of a woman's body and he'll abandon his own children for her, sell his father and mother, and his country, Russia, too. If he's honest, he'll steal; if he's humane, he'll murder; if he's faithful, he'll deceive." - Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov

 urlLink SCO Hints at *BSD Lawsuits Next Year, And More : Best quote from the whole SCO fiasco about Darl McBride, "Darl is like a blind man on the street, swinging a bat, hoping someone will pay him to stop. Hopefully, the cops will get him before he does any real damage."

 Here is a picture of the puppy that Russ and I almost decided to keep:

 urlLink Microsoft OTG RAS Extranet site . This is for my own personal use; stay out.

 Animals, animals and more animals. Russell's older brother is currently studying to be a veterinarian. Before we moved in together, Russ mentioned that he might want to get a dog eventually. Back then, I stated that I wouldn't have any problem with that whatsoever as long as he was the one to take care of the dog. I wouldn't mind having to ocassionally fill a food dish or take the pup out for a walk, but that would be about it. The topic was dropped then, but Russ' brother recently had to spay/neuter a puppy for his studies. Usually, these dogs are mutts from the Humane Society, but this one turned out to be a purebred doberman pinscher. Since this dog was just so darned cute, Russ had to bring up the idea of getting a dog since his brother could give it away to anyone. I said the same thing as before but pointed out that this dog wasn't going to be small for very long. Also, he would probably destroy something if he was kept in the apartment by himself for 10+ hours a day. We agreed, no puppy for us. Kat and her parents have a total of three cats. Two of them, Charlotte and Emily (the "Bronte Sisters") have been with the family for quite a few years now. They are a mix between what seems to be to be a Russian Blue or Chartreux and an orange English Shorthair. The third cat is Sebastian, a brown tabby, and is only 6 months old. Emily is fairly social, so it wasn't much of a surprise when she felt comfortable enough to come up to me. The other two are a different story. Sebastian is still in the playful kitty phase, but Kat told me that I'm the only person other than herself that he has cuddled with. As for Charlotte, she isn't terribly social so Kat is also surprised when she always comes up to me for affection. I think Kat is just jealous! Kitties love me.

 urlLink Totally Sidetalkin' Nokia N-Gage Style!! SIDETALKING 2003 : Oh my god, my eyes are watering this is so hilarious! So, some of the newest Nokia phones are shaped pretty much like a taco. Instead of holding the taco flat to your face to talk, which would seem normal, you hold the edge of the phone (AKA bottom of the taco) against your face to talk. I thought I looked dorky with my Pocket PC Phone, but that just takes the cake. Observe: Official Nokia demonstration on how to use the N-Gage Talking on a taco in comparison

 urlLink NBC 4 - 4 Your Health - FDA Approves Chewable Birth-Control Pill : It's chewable, it tastes like mint and it will soon be found by some unsuspecting child who will probably eat them all. At least the babies wont be having babies.

 urlLink Overall City Ranking Scorecard - Men's Health : Tell me something I didn't know! Seattle ranks 7th for overall men's health (the difference in how a city is better for men or women is never clarified) and Detroit is almost near the bottom. urlLink Rob must be livin' the healthy life over in Madtown though: #1.

 urlLink MSN Learning & Research - What Is Your Degree Worth?

 My parents requested that I take pictures of my fully furnished apartment a few months ago. I delayed because, well, the apartment still isn't fully furnished. Additionally, the apartment is usually a complete mess. Since I had today off, Russell was gone, all of my friends are out of town and Kat was busy until dinner time, I decided to clean the place from top to bottom. urlLink Here are those long-awaited pictures.

 You never know how hard it is to find an available dumpster until you need one. I just spent 20 minutes driving around a dark and rainy Bellevue looking for such a creature. I needed to dispose of a few plastic containers that I used to move in and our apartment complex only offers a chute for trash bags. These plastic totes barely fit into my hatchback, so they sure as heck were not going to fit down that chute. Thankfully, there is a large string of medical centers about a block from here because of the hospital being so close. Friday night at 5 PM, the day after a holiday, few people are going to be in the office. I found a dumpster and it found my totes.

 Here is the cake: urlLink pic1 and urlLink pic2 .

 Thanksgiving with Kat's family was quite enjoyable. From talking with her mom to playing with the cats to playing board games with everyone, a good time was had by all. Note to self: the combination of turkey, rich chocolate cake and port means you will fall asleep very soon after the meal.

 urlLink Pitchfork: Top 100 Albums of the 1990s Redux : So many good albums, so many albums I still need to hear. No time for full analysis.

 urlLink Slashdot : "You spend the first two years teaching a kid how to talk and walk, then you spend the next sixteen years telling them to shut up and sit down. Seems so pointless, doesn't it?"

 I get to make my chocolate raspberry torte for Thanksgiving at Kat's parents this year! Every time I've made it, it's been a hit. I have an idea to improve it dramatically this year. I will make it the day before Thanksgiving and if it fails, I will make the original recipe.

 urlLink Ford to drop SVT Focus, put entire SVT lineup on hiatus : No more SVT Focus! That is a shame because just about every review I've read of the car said it was outstanding. I really shouldn't think about the SVT too much because I want to kick myself for getting the ZX3 instead. The retail price on my ZX3 was MORE than a well-equipped SVT and the SVT is a better vehicle in almost all regards (other than noise and softness of ride). 170 HP, almost as fast as a 911 Carrera in the slalom, okay gotta stop thinking about it. If only I was more comfortable with a manual, I would have bought it back in July... Anyway, back to the article. The ST model that is mentioned is probably similar to the UK-spec ST170: basically the same engine as the SVT (170 HP) but without the rest of the upgrades (suspension, tires, brakes, interior, transmission, etc).

 Weekend update: On Sunday, I finally made it to a donation center. When I first moved out to Washington, I brought all of my college apartment furniture, electronics and applicances. I figured that I would have enough startup costs with moving into a new apartment and buying a car that I could use my old college crap for awhile to get me by. I dropped quite a bit on the down payment for the car and had to buy a few essentials for the apartment (sofa, bed, desk, dresser, bookshelves, everything for the bathroom, etc) so I was glad I brought everything else. I've slowly replaced a few items and instead of getting rid of them immediately, I just tossed them into the corner of the room! Basically, we had an extra TV, VCR and TV stand in our living room for the past three months. Kat showed me the local Goodwill donation center Sunday morning so I packed up the ol' Focus hatchback and finally made a donation. I got rid of said TV, VCR and TV stand along with two huge garbage bags of clothes (cleaned and folded, thank you), microwave, toaster, coffee pot and some other assorted items. They didn't take the TV, so I just tossed it into the garbage/recycle room in my complex. If it's still there after trash day, I will probably take it to a real recycle center since Jeff informed me that the tube contains toxic materials. After getting rid of so much stuff, I decided I need to fill those now-empty spaces with new stuff. I picked up a duvet cover and blanket (both in dark blue) and then Jeff and I went out shopping. On the way to Ikea, we decided to check out Fry's. It can only be described as a combination of the best parts of Best Buy and Radio Shack in a Wal-Mart sized setting. Automatic geekgasm. At Ikea, I picked up a urlLink frame for my urlLink Hokusai Katsushika print. It's not terribly Japanese, I know, but I simply like it for aesthetic reasons. Jeff had to continually remind me that I am heterosexual so that I wouldn't urlLink buy urlLink certain urlLink prints . But come on, with a blue and white theme in my bedroom, urlLink this would complement it well! On Saturday, Jeff, Russ, his two visitors, Rebecca and Rob, and I went to urlLink Rocksport in West Seattle to see urlLink Michigan defeat Ohio State . I was about to say "upset Ohio State", but we all knew who was going to win! Rocksport was an interesting place to see the game. All but a handful of people were there specifically to cheer on the Wovlerines as the Seattle alumni association goes there for every game. They served (a fairly crappy) breakfast, but service was surprisingly good for a bar at 9 AM. After the game, Jeff and I hit Kenneth Cole ( urlLink shoes in brown/tan, urlLink shirt , urlLink shirt in black). After a quick lunch, we hit the gym. That night, Kat and I went to Cutters for dinner (not terribly impressed) and then had a quiet night at home.

 urlLink Mitsubishi announces Lancer WRC04 : After taking a year off from rallying, Mitsubishi has returned with a radical new vehicle to enter the '04 WRC season. The overall body shape has remained similar to previous Mitsu WRC cars, but the underlying construction, components and technologies are radically different. Personally, I am not a fan of the looks of the new car. I can definitely see how it would be more aerodynamic than the last model, but they needed to make a few sacrifices in the visual appeal area. There is another small picture of the design available on the urlLink official WRC site .

 urlLink CBS 2: New Jersey Wire : Mmmm, quick thinking. My kind of man.

 urlLink The Metrosexual Quiz : Haha, Jeff sent me this. Of course I scored high! "You're a metrosexual. The next girl you hook up with will be more masculine than you, full mustache and all. Is it time to buy new tweezers?"

 urlLink Amazon.com: Cell Phones: Motorola MPx200 Smartphone - Next Generation (AT&T) : How can you beat free? Go Amazon!

 urlLink Samsung SCH-i600 - Smart phones - CNET Reviews : 8.3 is a respectable score.

 Well I dragged Kat out to Greek food (Orexi) last night. I think that was our last time! Basically all of the food was overcooked. She normally likes spanokopeta but not when it's that well-done! My dolemades were fine but she didn't like those either. Maybe we should stick to American and Italian.

 I need to pay better attention to the various discounts that MS employees get. Kat and I have been to Andiamo twice in about the past month and now I find out I can get buy 1, get 1 free.

 I cant use gallery to upload pictures through the web either!

 What this needs is a way to do pictures from the built-in camera and it would be great!

 trying out pocketblog... woo,success!

 urlLink Spray-on female contraceptive to start trial

 Well, it's official: I'm coming back to Detroit twice in the span of about two weeks! I will be flying into Detroit just so I can turn around and drive to Chicago (don't ask) for New Year's Eve. After the festivities, I will be driving back to Detroit to see family and friends for a few days before flying back to Seattle. A week later, I will be flying out to Detroit for a long weekend to attend the urlLink auto show . Here are the details: Trip 1: 31/Dec/2003 @ 9:25 AM EST: Arrive in Detroit 31/Dec/2003 @ 2:00 PM EST: Drive to Chicago 01/Jan/2003 @ 5:00 PM EST: Drive to Detroit 04/Jan/2003 @ 5:00 PM EST: Fly to Seattle Trip 2: 16/Jan/2003 @ 5:30 AM EST: Arrive in Detroit 19/Jan/2003 @ 7:30 PM EST: Fly to Seattle So, everyone back in the SE MI area, if you want to see me, you better call dibs now!

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Asian Pirates Sell Microsoft's Next Windows System : "Underscoring the scale of U.S. companies' copyright problems in Asia, CDs containing software Microsoft has code named "Longhorn" are on sale for six ringgit ($1.58) in southern Malaysia." Haha, he said ringgit.

 I'm sure my WRX-loving friends (Jeff, Joe, Jenn, Eric, etc) will get a kick out of the urlLink Saabaru !

 Only in Redmond, Washington are you going to find an Acura NSX: urlLink in the mall parking lot and a Ferrari 360 Modena: urlLink in your office garage. I apologize about the quality of that second picture; I had to use the "Dim" mode on my camera phone and that cuts quality in half. The NSX also had the license plate "SLOW V6", but my picture of that didn't come out.

 Yesterday, I was talking to the person on my team that is setting up our holiday party. We were talking about trying to get a small group of the younger members of the team together for the division-wide holiday party. I told her that the menu seemed fairly extravagant, so I was definitely going. She hadn't seen that email and she couldn't find it in her inbox, so she asked me who sent it so she could search for it. Oddly enough, the first thing that came to mind was "Merlot reduction", since I believe one of the meat dishes featured that. Her quote "Have you ever heard of the word... what is it... metrosexual?" Everyone thinks of me when they hear that word and now people think of the word when they think of me. When I told Russ this story, he said he thinks of me every time he hears that word.

 Ok, about AX: This Saturday, I decided that since flag football season was over and Katherine was getting ready to go to Dallas on a business trip, I might as well get started on my holiday shopping. I spent quite a few hours at urlLink Bellevue Square and hit at least 20 stores. One of the last stores I went to, mostly out of curiosity, was Armani Exchange. Personally, I hate their clothing. It's either label-saturated or a misguided attempt at being trendy. While I was there, I had not one, not two, not three, but four different sales people try to help me. Normally I walk into a store like that and I'm lucky to get any help. The last sales person, male, got my attention by staring directly into my eyes for a second. I turned away, then noticed he was still watching me. I made eye contact again and he started up conversation. Most of it was "how is shopping going", "who are you buying for" and basic salesperson chat. When he said "What are you doing afterward?", that was when I figured out I was being hit on. My response "Probably just some more shopping." with a condescending smirk ended that discussion.

 Remind me to post about being hit on at AX and my coworker calling me a metrosexual.

 urlLink iDuck : "Akuma, no one is buying our USB drives! We need to carve out a niche market and I believe the main problem is that no one wants to carry around something that looks like a dorky pack of gum. What do kids like nowadays? My 2 year old daughter loves her toys... hmm... I'm getting an idea! USB drive toys!"

 Once again, learning something not from Slashdot, but because of links found there. Starting with urlLink this discussion about a nuclear-powered mission to the moons of Jupiter , there was a link to this urlLink article , stating that crash landing a nuclear-powered probe into Jupiter could cause it to turn into a star. Basically, this article is full of facts and a gross misuse of these facts. They have correct information about the Galileo craft and some fairly factual discussion about fission, fusion and bombs. While it is true that the materials on the craft could be used for a fission bomb, they completely ignored the concept of critical mass. I couldn't think of the right term while reading the incorrect article, but the question of just how much plutonium was necessary came to mind. Bad Astronomy saves the day and debunks the possiblity of a small nuclear-powered probe turning Jupiter into a star with this urlLink article . The critical (pun intended) points here are: The plutonium onboard Galileo was kept in small pellets, none of which were near critical mass. The hydrogen on Jupiter is of the most abundant isotope and lacks deuterium and tritium needed for a fusion reaction. Jupiter is about 1/80th the size needed to be a self-sustaining star. I love science.

 The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch someone else doing it wrong, without commenting. -- T.H. White

 urlLink Ford strives to give SVT models upscale image : Ok, so urlLink we already knew that Ford was going to drop the SVT Focus. Now we find out that the Focus ST will not have the 170 HP engine from he UK but will be roughly 150 HP. Not good. To make up for that power gap, Ford will release a turbocharged Focus in 2005 or 2006. The estimate is around 200 HP, so this will probably not be the 215 HP Focus RS, unfortunately.

 urlLink The Unh! Project : A list of silly clips from comic books. Some of my favorites: urlLink 04 , urlLink 13 , urlLink 32 , urlLink 33 , urlLink 45 , urlLink 48

 urlLink Not All Americans Are Stupid Quiz : If you take the quiz and say you are not American and get 20/20: "You are clearly an intellectual giant. Or possibly you found a way to cheat. Either way, congratulations."

 urlLink Gizmodo : Motorola's MPx220 Smartphone coming in February : Finally, a Smartphone available in the US that uses WM 2003 and has bluetooth and a camera. I, as well, didn't know that it would be on the new EDGE network.

 urlLink Not All Americans Are Stupid Quiz : "You answered 20 questions correctly out of 20. If you are American, the only way you got this score is by doing the quiz 50 times, and memorizing the correct answers. You need to approach the world in a less aggressively competitive way and learn to live with your inadequacies, rather than seeking to feel through bigotry and false national pride." Well, it took me five times.

 I just had a pretty crazy dream. I don't remember all the details, but I know it involved trying to go to a play, or a conference or something. To me, it seemed like we were in East Lansing, or some other college town that I've visited but didn't know too well. The overall theme of the dream seemed to concern men versus women, and more specifically, women standing up to men treating them poorly. Some of the people that were in my dream: Jenn, Laura, Angie, Steve Jackson from the Daily and some girl that I just barely remember being a friend of Rob and Gareth. I don't really remember the play/conference/whatever, but I know that we went out to eat afterwards. The place was called BD's, but instead of it being like BD's Mongolian BBQ, it was more like Dixie's BBQ and was fast food. The restaurant was so darkly lit that I couldn't even read the menu and was about to just order a "Number 1 Combo" just to be safe when an altercation occured. Some guy brushed up too close to the girl that I just barely remember and so she yelled at him and shoved him. A couple of other guys were just loitering around that area and started to make fun of her. That's when I stepped in, put one of the guys in an arm lock and said "Do you like having the use of this arm?" He was quiet after that.

 Weekend update: Friday turned out a bit differently than I originally expected. I knew that Kat was leaving for a business trip on Sunday morning and that she would be pretty busy getting ready on Saturday night, so I planned on seeing her. Around 7:30 PM, Mark called and said that he was going out to some bars downtown with Dan and some friends. I figured that Kat, Jeff, Russ and I hadn't been out drinking in awhile so I thought we could all get together. Well, all the stress of trying to close on a new townhome, stress of work and stress of trying to get ready for a week-long business trip caught up to Kat. She decided that I should just go out with the guys and have fun. No way! If this was probably the last night I would get to see her for a week, of course I was going to try to see her. I basically had to convince her to let me come over and that I would go out with the guys afterward. We had a fairly quiet night at her place and I tried my damnest to wash away some of her stress. By the time I got back to my apartment, Russ was sound asleep and Mark never called me to say where he would be downtown. That ended that night. Saturday was a bit more productive. I figured that I wouldn't be able to see Kat at all, so I was going to tackle some Christmas shopping. Before I got started with that, Jeff and I grabbed lunch at King and I, a Thai restaurant near his apartment. Not too bad, but their take on "3 star" spicy was definitely including White Man Penalty and was thus fairly mild. I then headed over to the local mall and spent a good three hours shopping. I was looking mostly for gifts for my parents but I seemed to find more gifts for myself. Not surprising. Kat called me soon after that saying that she was mostly ready for her trip and that we should hang out for a bit. We originally decided to grab coffee some place, but by the time we actually got around to leaving her place, it was dinner time. She felt like Mexican, so we started off toward Fremont since she knew of a fairly authentic restaurant out that way. Traffic over the bridge to Seattle was horrendous, so we turned back to Bellevue. We hit urlLink Spazzo , which recently changed from Mediterranean to Italian. and had a fairly nice meal. The wine was better than the entrees and the goat cheese appetizer was served with bread that was impossibly hard and terribly over-soaked in olive oil. All in all, a nice evening, as most are with her! Today was completely lazy... I didn't do anything productive until 3 PM, unless you count making eggs for breakfast and playing an hour of Grand Theft Auto III as productive. Russ and I visited urlLink Caffe Ladro so I could read more of The Brothers Karamazov and he could study for accounting. It was good going out with him since we spend so much time in the apartment.

 "As I get older, you know, I won't be a pretty object. The wenches won't come to me of their own accord, so I will need my money. So I am saving up more and more, simply for myself, my dear son. You may as well know. For I mean to go on in my sins to the end, let me tell you. For sin is sweet. All abuse it but all men live in it. The only difference is that others do it on the sly and I do it openly. And so all the other sinners fall upon me for being so simple. And your paradise, Alyosha, is not to my taste, let me tell you that. It's not the proper place for a gentleman, your paradise, even if it exists. I believe that I fall asleep and don't wake up again, and that's all. You can pray for my soul if you like. And if you don't want to, don't, damn you! That's my philosophy." F. Dostoyevsky

 urlLink FARK.com: Comments Thingee (747269) : "I'll root for LSU to smoke OU, an OU 'championship' would ring hollow after the K-State game. BTW, I think we need to refer to it as the 'Nokia Sugar Bowl', and not the Sugar Bowl. Nokia paid alot of money for this privilege, and they deserve the courtesy. assholes." Since Nokia is my current corporate enemy, I just had to laugh.

 Remind me to quote Pg. 172, last paragraph of The Brothers Karamazov later.

 Remind me to post later about my weekend, how Kat is gone for a week and about holiday parties. Oh, and urlLink White Ribbon Week as well.

 Just yesterday, I was reading a urlLink discussion on Fark about labels and the common consensus was that people did not want to pay to advertise for a company. Someone joked that you don't see Armani suits with "ARMANI" written across the front in huge letters. Someone followed that up with a desire to see an Armani trucker hat. Well, I went shopping later that day and what did I see: urlLink An Armani Exchange trucker hat! Perfect timing. I'm starting to enjoy the fact that my phone has a camera now.

 urlLink 2004 WRC PHOTO LIBRARY . Even more photos of the new Lancer WRC04. Nope, still don't like it.

 "Grushenka was twenty-two years old and her face looked exactly that age. She had very white skin with a pale pink tint on her cheeks. The modeling of her face might be said to be too broad, and the lower jaw was set a trifle forward. Her upper lip was thin, but the slightly prominent lower lip was at least twice as full and looked pouting. But her magnificent, abundant dark brown hair, her sable-colored eyebrows and charming grey-blue eyes with their long lashes woukd have made the most indifferent person, meeting her casually in a crowd in the street, stop at the sight of her face and remember it long after." F. Dostoyevsky

 So, urlLink Walmart has decided to open their own urlLink online music service . My first thought was, Walmart with an online service, up against a formidable opponent like iTunes Music Store? Then again, people thought the same thing about Microsoft coming out with the XBox to go against Sony and the PS2. Anyway, this serivce, much like the new Napster, uses WMA 9. Because of this, no one with a Mac can use this service and this is even mentioned in their urlLink FAQ . Oddly enough, urlLink this page has a screen shot from a Mac! Observed first by a urlLink Slashdot member .

 Sorry that I disappeared for a few days there; I have a good reason. On Monday while playing racquetball, I severely injured my knee again. Here is how I did it. Instead of wearing my normal cross-trainer shoes to play rball, I was wearing my turf shoes. Turf shoes have amazing traction on almost any surface, including the hardwood floor of the rball court. Whenever I land from a jump, I keep my foot perpendicular to my shoulders until I land, when I rotate my foot away from my body for added balance. that is how you are supposed to land. Well, when I landed this time, I went to rotate my foot but my shoe decided to have super traction and not move. All of the rotational force went straight to the inner portion of my left knee. It was 10 PM by the time I got home, so I couldn't see a doctor on Monday. The next morning, I waited until I heard from Kat to make an appointment since I figured her dad (a doctor) would be able to make a good recommendation. When I called to make an appointment at 11 AM, they were booked for the day and I had to wait until Wednesday. The x-ray shows that I definitely did some serious damage and that I also have a bone shard taken off the medial portion of my left knee. Because of the amount of swelling, the doc recommended that I get an MRI. That was done the same day but I will not get the results until at least Friday afternoon. The current prognosis is a torn MCL, stretched ACL, torn meniscus and the bone shard. Lovely. I'm currently wearing a huge brace but the pain is not so bad. It comes and goes and luckily I can walk fairly well. I missed a day and a half of work, so I'm a bit behind now.

 urlLink ZAGAT SURVEY: Unfit for print

 Whoa, Saddam captured? I guess being up at 5 AM has the advantage of knowing the breaking news.

 4:15 AM and I've been trying to sleep since 11:30 PM. The only explanation is that the decaf coffee I ordered during dessert wasn't quite decaf.

 Merry Christmas! I will increase my post frequency soon once my parents go back to Michigan.

 Why is it that I had never heard of the terms "bollywood" or "steam punk", yet I've seen both a handful of times just this week?

 Disclaimer: For no real reason, I have always disliked Walmart. Maybe it was because, for the longest time, there were no Walmarts nearby either my hometown of Livonia, MI or my college town of Ann Arbor, MI. That has since changed, with stores in or near both cities. Maybe it was because Walmart always had a southern, poor slant to it. Maybe it was because we had a similar store, Meijer's, in our area and I was pledging a local allegiance. For whatever reason, I never liked Walmart. I've always heard that Walmart was an "evil" company. From details like hiring illegal aliens for stock and cleaning work to treating "regular" employees poorly to pushing around suppliers, the comments swirled around and painted a dirty portrait. When I was back working at the Daily with Scott as my manager, he spoke of Walmart as being worse than an other company he knew of. He had facts from reputible sources, and though being an activist, used them properly. Now having read this urlLink article from fastcompany.com, I'm starting to see the details about how Walmart interacts with suppliers. From first glance, it does seem evil, overbearing and monopolistic. At the same time, isn't that what capitalism is all about? A mostly-free market for companies to do as they please? Walmart doesn't force smaller suppliers to cut costs, Walmart is just such a large and successful company that the small suppliers need to be up to Walmart standards. I won't go so far as to condone their practices and I do agree that Walmart needs to improve their human rights issues, but don't fault a company for being successful.

 Let's see, what's been going on lately... Chris and Lindsay are getting married this fall. Definitely congratulations to them! I am the best man, so that means I should get started on writing the toast. I've been best friends with Chris since 1992 and I've known Lindsay for years, so I will have lots of material with which to work. My knee is slowly healing. No longer do I need to wear my brace daily, just when exercising. I no longer limp around and I have full range of motion. I am supposed to go snowboarding this weekend, but that is not going to happen. If I really want to heal on time, I need to do more physical therapy. There is some political crap going on at work, but I can't say much yet. I still have a job, so I am okay.

 So Kat spent the night last night because she had a big day today and her parents wouldn't leave her alone long enough to do her work. She comes over here, and I set not one but two alarms so that she wouldn't be late for the big day. Well, I set my bedside alarm clock for 6:30 PM instead of 6:30 AM and my PDA/phone didn't fire the alarm because the phone portion was off. I'm really sorry.

 Altruism, as a concept, exists. Altruism, as reality, does not exist.

 My parents were here for a week during the holidays. There aren't too many highlights, since we decided to keep the vacation relaxing. We didn't want it to be one of those vacations where you have to keep to a schedule and cram in as much as possible. They didn't even go to the Space Needle! Some of the places we did end up going were Snoqualmie Falls, Pike Place (NOT a good place for someone in a wheelchair) and a casino in Tulalip. Other highlights include me making five batches of scones, cooking Christmas dinner and then Kat meeting my parents on the last night they were here. I believe it was beneficial to have them out here, for both parties. For thier sake, they got to see how I am living my life and meet some of the new people in my life. For my sake, I got to see them for a little while in the comfort of my own home without having to break much from my normal routine.

 Dialing the time machine back to about a month ago... So, the holiday parties last month. All three parties were right in a row this year: Thursday was the organization-wide party at EMP, Friday was the team-wide party at a lodge at Snoqualmie Pass and Saturday was Kat's party at some little restaurant in Puyallup. Thursday started off very slowly. I was supposed to meet some of the younger members of my team at EMP around 7:30 PM and eventhough I got there at 7:45 PM, I was still early. Eventually, everyone showed up and the party picked up. The food was good, but the two drink tickets didn't last very long. Being the ingenious people that we are, us Microsoft people, we figured out that we could simply exit the building, come back in, show our ID and get two more tickets. Of course I didn't do this, but my ID was used by a non-Microsoftie for this purpose. Afterward, a few of us were supposed to go out to a bar, but we all parted ways for a bit and we were supposed to reconvene 15 minutes later. 15 minutes later, one of the girls still hadn't showed up. We were all a bit drunk and antsy to get away from the formal party, so we just left. Four of us went over to a friends place and continued the drinking and watched some TV. I ended up fitting five people in my car, dropped them all off, and called it a night. The next day, the team party was supposed to start at 10 AM, but since I knew there was no rush, I didn't end up getting there until 12:30 PM. The drive up to Snoqualmie Pass was interesting at least for the fact that it was the first snow I had ever seen in Washington. The farther up the mountain, the more snow there was (shocking, I know). By the time I hit the exit for the Pass, traffic was down to 30 MPH. I actually passed someone on my team on the exit, which wasn't surprising since he had a RWD Bimmer with bald tires. Anyway, most of the day was pretty laid back. A few of the highlights included me running the white elephant gift exchange (including a box of old Atari games, a Nascar coffee table book and a bike axle), playing DDR, and a snowball fight that included someone in a hot tub. I picked up Kat from the airport that night, but I can't remember the rest of the evening. The final day of holiday parties was at some crappy little restaurant in a crappy little town far far south of Seattle. This was with Kat's coworkers, who had an average age of just about 35. It was slightly odd socializing with them, but luckily we got a table with the friendliest of the bunch. The food was horrible, the drinks were crap, and the supposed white elephant gift exchange wasn't! Kat brought a gag gift, since that's the point of a white elephant gift exchange, yet some of the other gifts included a fondue set, a set of nice martini glasses and a clock from Pottery Barn. For dessert, I ordered decaf coffee. Since I was awake until 5 AM and got about two hours of sleep all night, I believe it wasn't decaf. Anyway, the parties overall were typical work holiday parties.

 Making NASA stronger == Kill NASA. Don't Leave Children Behind == Leave them behind. Healthy Forests == Cut down the forests. Clear Skies Act == Degraded air quality standards. Improve Head Start == Dismantle Head Start. Taken from Slashdot urlLink here and urlLink here .

 urlLink Slashdot : Woo, Services for Unix is now free! The most important part is that it is almost completely based on OpenBSD. Running OBSD tools on Windows sounds like a great fusion to me.

 So, I've heard of mice with too many additional buttons to be useful, but thankfully my new mouse just has left click, right click, scroll wheel, scroll up button, scroll down button, task switch and then two currently unassigned buttons that I would assume are used for forward and backward in a web browser. That may sound like a lot of buttons, but I think of the scroll up and down buttons as just an extension of the wheel and the task switch button is miniscule. Now the keyboard on the other hand is just asinine. Along with the normal keys that a normal keyboard has (letters, numbers, punctuation, navigation and keypad), this one has seperate keys for scrolling, go, back, sleep, f-lock, e-mail, messenger/sms, webcam, media, mute, volume up/down, last track, next track, stop, play, iTouch, search, shopping, favorites, and my home. Additionally to that, it has a function key to enable new, reply, forward, send, undo, redo, print, save, my computer, my documents, my pictures, and my music. To make matters worse, they labeled the normal control key functions like undo, cut, copy and paste. They keyboard is just a little bit overboard!

 Living in the land of coffee, I have yet to be impressed by the coffee shops available out here. There is no end to the number of Starbucks available and there is a healthy dose of Tully's as well. The only place I've enjoyed so far has been Caffe Ladro, and they are only located in Seattle proper. Well, today I found out about a place in Redmond called Victor's, located at 7993 Gilman St. I will have to give it a try soon!

 So I go to backup my MP3 drive on my server and it crashes, deleting every single MP3 I have collected for the past six years! I am going to cry. There was so much effort put into building that collection, from ripping my own CDs to downloading full albums from Kazaa to emusic (which isn't even the same site anymore). So pissed.

 Happy four month anniversary!

 Last night, I originally planned on leaving work a bit early, taking a nap, having a quick bite to eat and then hitting the gym with Jeff. None of that happened! Around 5:30 PM, Eric and I were talking about the new laptop he just ordered. I told him not to buy Office from Dell since I could get a good deal on a legit copy of Office 2003 from work. I decided to run to the company store right then since I was tired and needed a bit of fresh air. After that, Lee sent me a chat request and convinced me to join him and some of his MS friends for dinner. We went to Cucina Cucina (a decent to mediocre italian restaurant, thankfully we get 2-for-1 specials) and had a fun time. It was good to meet new people, but I sometimes forget how horribly dorky we can all be. I explained how Microsofties and non-Microsofties have difficulty mingling and there needs to be a certain percentage (we estimated 60%) of non-Microsofties for a group to work. I still planned on going to the gym with Jeff, but he was feeling fairly comfortable at home and wanted to skip it. Good thing, since Russ called me soon after wanting to get drinks to unwind from a 13 hour day. We went to urlLink Tap House , he got dinner and I got a liquid dinner of an Emerald City Tea and a Manhattan. I pretty much ordered the tea (vodka, gin, rum, midori, pineapple, sprite) because it already looked like Russ and I were on a date, so I had to get something fruity and served in a hurricane glass. The Manhattan was used to bring up my testosterone levels afterward. We had a good discussion and I'm glad I skipped working out. I can always go a bit harder tonight.

 Kat and I had quite a relaxing and enjoyable weekend, if I may say so myself. Originally, we had planned to go to urlLink Dahlia Lounge for dinner on Friday, but we both had a hard week and figured we wouldn't be up for such a nice dinner. Instead, we ended up going to urlLink Wasabi Bistro and had some of the best sushi available in Western Washington. We tried two of their signature rolls, the Spicy 101 and the Belltown. Other than an overabundance of mayo on the Spicy 101, the meal was great. Kat had a craving for edamame and that was satisfied by the complementary bowl served with every dinner. Much of Saturday morning was spent lounging around my apartment, but it was definitely not a waste of time. Much of the afternoon was spent at Starbucks: Kat doing work, me just playing around on the internet. That evening, we made the urlLink first meal in her new townhome . We made spinach and cheese ravioli, fresh bread and a mixed greens salad. All in all, very enjoyable. Before we could make dinner, however, I had to put together the table and chairs we would need to eat off! I've gotten pretty good at putting together Ikea furniture, so it didn't take too long. Sunday saw me fighting with my server for a good part of the afternoon and then having dinner at Kat's parents. We played a dominos game called Mexican Train and then had a lovely filet dinner. Her dad and I did most of the talking, but I think everyone enjoyed themselves.

 I have now moved to my fourth office in six months. If anyone takes my stapler, this place is going down!

 I have been a bit behind in adding new image galleries to the navigation. I have since added these galleries: Events urlLink Snow 01.06.2004 urlLink Chicago 01.01.2004 urlLink New Years Eve 12.31.2003 urlLink Holiday Party 12.13.2003 urlLink Holiday Party 12.12.2003 urlLink Go-Karting 10.18.2003 Stuff urlLink Cats 01.03.2004 urlLink Verona 10.28.2003

 Mmmm, new urlLink wireless keyboard and mouse ... Thanks, urlLink slickdeals !

 It's Fifteen Minute Photoshop&reg; time! Basically, my bedroom is not in the most optimal configuration. Both of my tall bookshelves are covering up one window completely and part of another window. So, I started thinking about alternative arrangements. Knowning me, I couldn't just visualize this or write it out on a sheet paper, I decided to measure and model my room in Photoshop. It's pretty hard to see on the left, but there is a long window there. The upper left red line is another window. The red line on the right is the bathroom door. Here is my suggested layout: This clears both windows (since the dresser fits underneath the window and the sides of the bed are not against the bed) and seems like a good idea. Bah, no time to do it tonight.

 I've been wrestling with hardware issues for about four days now. That is what I get for naming a server fireball! Basically, the machine that has been my internet router, NAT box, development web server, database server, RDP proxy has gone through quite a few upgrades. It originally was my old overclocking desktop (thus, "fireball") running a 300 MHz Celeron. It was upgraded to a 500 MHz PIII and it currently has a 700 MHz Duron. A month or so ago, I bought a new 120 GB drive for my desktop (thanks, urlLink Slickdeals !) and last week I finally got around to putting my old 30 GB drive into fireball. The problems started then. Since the 30 GB drive was already in my desktop, I decided to install OpenBSD 3.4 on the drive before transferring it to the server. That install went smoothly, but the drive would not boot when I transferred it. I figured it just didn't like the transfer, so I reinstalled OpenBSD while in fireball. When I tried to boot after the second install, the bootloader would come up with crap like "@$%&@#$&*@#$#$%!@#(&(^%". After 45 minutes of playing around with the bootloader, the BIOS and the boot sequence, I finally figured out that it wouldn't boot unless the drive was the primary on the IDE chain. Ok, finally got the new drive up and running! When installing OBSD, my first steps are to install the ports tree, tcsh, vim, the source and add 'mbibik' as a user. I got as far as compiling tcsh static when the machine just froze, hard. I figured, whatever, just a random lockup. Nope, anytime I taxed the processor, the machine would freeze. Obviously (at least to me), this seemed like a heat issue. I opened the case to check out the CPU fan, but it's a fairly small (AKA cramped) case so I couldn't see the fan behind the power supply. I monitored the CPU temp and it never seemed to get into dangerous territory. I gave up at this point and told Russell the internet would be down for awhile (no server, no NAT, no internet). I started to play with it again, but there isn't much you can do when the damned thing freezes every 15 minutes! I gave up trying to install tcsh, vim, etc and just started surfing the net from my desktop. Oddly enough, it didn't lock up. At this point, I realized that interactive activities such as installing or compiling are probably accessing the disk more than just using the box as a router (which would only access the disk to periodically write logs). I switched back to the old drive, and all is well. Too bad my 30 GB drive is fried!

 Reminder for later: Sour Times; Breath From Another

 "Everywhere in these days men have ceased to understand that the true security is to be found in social solidarity rather that in isolated individual effort." - F. Dostoyevsky

 Looks like Jeff, his office mate, some other coworkers and I are going to hit a shooting range next week. In honor of this great event, here are some urlLink video clips of things being shot. My favorite is the wide angle view of the pudding cup spreading it's life force across the screen.

 Ok, so I updated the moblogging gallery without posting. Bad Mike. Here is a rundown of the updates: Katherine in her natural habitat, Starbucks. urlLink A store called "Lovers Package" in Redmond. Lovely. urlLink Jamie, killing time at the airport since NWA forgot to fly out my luggage. urlLink The Jimmy John's menu. A work of art. urlLink The Jimmy John's menu and Alissa. Dual works of art. urlLink Megan looking as holy as ever. urlLink My second favorite mexican wrestler. urlLink Emily Lahtinen, an old girlfriend that I ran into on a recent trip back to Detroit. urlLink I wonder what movie they are going to see? urlLink Crappy suit? Check. Old-model Porsche? Check. Talking on a cell phone at all times? Check. Sleazy lawyer? Of course. urlLink Joe at Amer's. urlLink Leah at Amer's. urlLink Yes, that shirt says "If it has tits or tires, it's gonna' give you trouble!" Yes, I saw that in public at the airport. urlLink

 I should have posted this as soon as I woke up this morning, but I can never seem to get going until 1.5 hours after I wake up. Unless I wake up late, I will kill 1.5 hours every morning. Granted, I consider my drive to work to be killed time simply because I am nowhere near fully awake and thus I drive by instinct. Listening to commercials the entire way there is not uncommon, simply because I am not paying attention whatsoever. Anyway, the post. The remembered dream from last night consisted of some sort of party. It was possibly a party for me, or just a party in general. I believe it was a party for me since I was given a car (an Audi TT, or at least the shell of one. Someone said the rest would be in next week. Odd choice of car since I do not and have never wanted a TT.) and there was an interesting gag gift. Basically, someone took all of my prized possesions, which curiously included a house, shrunk them down and locked them in a glass case for everyone to look at. All throughout the party I never noticed this case. Once everyone had left, it finally revealed itself and of course I tried to pry it open to retreive my things! It was a long case, probably 12 feet long and 3 feet wide and high. The case was in segments, each with a sealed door. After attempting to pry each door open, the last segment contained what looked like just a piece of yellow paper. This door opened, and out flew a few miniature (fruit fly-sized) bees! I'm not allergic nor phobic of bees, but I am not a fan. For some reason, my mind told me that an ex-girlfriend, Emily, had done all of this. Made no sense!

 urlLink CNN.com - Study: That Neanderthal was not your grandfather - Jan. 26, 2004

 When visiting Cannon Beach for Valentines Day, here are some possibly decent restaurants: urlLink The Nehalem River Inn Restaurant urlLink Blue Sky Cafe urlLink The Riverhouse

 God, come in god, god, come in god. Damn you're a girl. Well, I guess the reason why I'm talking to you tonight is because I've been doing a lot of thinking. I consider mysef a pretty cool guy and I've never cheated on any of my girlfriends. Well, except that one lil' time in Japan, but that was just head and head don't count, right? Aww, thanks god, I knew you'd understand. Well, I just feel like, well to be honest with you, god, I just need a sweet bitch. Ya know, somebody not too fast, but not too slow, 'cause I dont have it all my damn self and life ain't easy. Ya know you just want someone by your side to help smooth that thang out. At this point, I'm not being picky, she doesn't have to have a big ol' ass, ya know. Just something well proportioned to her body, ya know a nice lil' tail. What, you say, you say you found somebody? Is she cute? So when do I get to meet her? Aww, god, you're the greatest. Well, I guess I'll talk to you later. Amen. oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, a-lady. - "God" by Outkast. No, Kat, this has nothing to do with you, this is just the worlds greatest interlude.

 Tis the time to start questioning my health. Let's just say that for a past few months I've been having some odd issues for someone my age. Just today, I had a serious headache kick in around 2:00 PM. At first, it seemed to be another caffeine-based headache, but my caffeine intake has been quite minimal lately. Instead of trying to fight it, I just called it a day and went home to rest. Though I didn't feel tired until the headache kicked in and I've been getting adequate sleep, I ended up taking a 2.5 hour nap. I'm still feeling a bit groggy. Let's just chalk all of these problems to stress and not enough exercise (at least lately) and hope they all go away. Ignore it; it will go away.

 Procrastinating between posts requires a Herculean effort to catch up. Sigh. Well, last weekend I went back to Detroit for the second time in three weeks. The main reason for going back was to attend the urlLink auto show and to see friends and family. I arrived around 6 AM, rented a car, drove back to Livonia and just fell down dead in my bed. Once noon rolled around, my aunt and I went to the Plymouth Ice Show ( urlLink image gallery ) and just hung out for a bit. The ice sculptures cannot really be considered art, though some of the pieces showed some technical skill and creativity. Also, art doesn't usually melt after two weeks... It was cold enough for my body to shut down blood flow to my hands, so much so that I had difficulty using keys to get back into the car to get warm. The rest of the evening was spent with Chris. We hit Twelve Oaks to grab some urlLink Panera (they really need to open one here in Washington: fresh and chewy breads, sharp cheeses and choice cuts of meat make a great sandwich) and then sat around his place until the Chris and Lindsay engagement party ( urlLink image gallery ) started. It was a laid back affair consisting of wine and beer and conversation. This was the first party I've been to with Megan, Iren and Lindsday where they didn't go on a 1.5 hour tangent about their childhood, a discussion which no one else can participate in. No offense girls, just don't do that again! I talked to Marty for a bit and his opening bit was classic Marty: Ma: "Have you ever watched Twin Peaks?" Mi: "Not really, a few episodes, but I know you are a big fan." Ma: "So why did you go to Snoqualmie then?" My first reaction was that this was just Marty being Marty (if you know him, you know what I mean. Otherwise, you aren't going to meet him, so don't worry about it), and then I realized that Twin Peaks was filmed in Washington, near a waterfall and then it clicked. I didn't feel like defending my choice to visit Snoqualmie for a non-Twin Peaks reason and Marty was just trying to show that he has been following my site. Casey, one of the Northvillians that Chris used to hang out with every week back in high school, was also at the party. By the eighth beer, he was becoming quite the extrovert. He knew what he was doing, so he was enjoying the party laughing at him whilst he laughed inside. The next morning was the auto show ( urlLink image gallery ) with my dad and grandpa. Honestly and unfortunately, I wasn't terribly impressed with the show this year. That shouldn't be much of a surprise since this is the first year where I've been in the actual market for a car. Previously, I was most excited about the exotic concept cars but now I want to see vechicles that are in showrooms that I can and want to purchase. Since I just recently purchased a car, I was looking toward the future, toward what should be my next car. Based on the fact that the Focus is a three-year purchase, that will put my next round at the summer of 2006. Considering that I should be able to afford a much nicer car, I was looking at the BMW M3 and the Audi S4 as possibilities. I took many pictures of each, and got a good feel inside and out for the look of the cars. The M3 has a terribly dated interior and it will be redesigned within the next 18 months. The redesign could take the car in any direction, basically invalidating any observation of the current model. The S4 has a delicious interior and the exterior styling is sedate enough yet still sporty. While this car is a sedan, the back seat leg room is laughable at best. With the drivers seat fully back, I could barely fit in the S4. In contrast, I had plenty of leg room in the Infiniti G35 coupe, though head room was an issue there. Hopefully by the time I am completely fed up with the Focus, a new car will hit my target requirements: 0-60 MPH Mature styling, inside and out (no more thoughts of the STi or Evo) High urlLink build quality (Odd, I didn't realize that Audi was so far down the list...) Ample room for 4 More to come I wholeheartedly recommend the Infiniti site for urlLink car comparison . Their tool pulls in just about every specification you need for comparing cars. Ok, enough for one post.

 "It's like trying to rebuild a car that has been disassembled to individual parts with just a crayon drawing as a template." - Me, trying to explain a situation at work.

 God damnit, Winamp! You were great back in the v2 days! Then you turn into v3, a bloated, slow, mockery of a rewrite. Oh lo', you said that v5 would be the best of v2 and the best of v3 combined! All I get is crash after crash after crash. DELETED! iTunes for me for life, or until something better comes along. UPDATE: So I go to uninstall Winamp and the uninstall program freezes my system! I force-reboot (no, not a Jedi power) and try again. It takes four minutes for the uninstall UI to come up. Once the app uninstalled, it crashed explorer (not IE), requiring another reboot. Bah!

 More moblogging: What Katherine thought was chocolate cake at about 5 feet away. urlLink The Super Bowl was so boring that Sharry started playing solitare. urlLink That TL wasn't rice, this Civic is rice. urlLink See? I'm not the only person in Redmond/Bellevue that drives a Focus ZX3. urlLink A Beetle with Altezzas. Sigh. urlLink

 Whilst dorks and car nuts doth collide: urlLink QDB: Quote #79798 .

 So, would you get just the TL: ...or would you get the TL with a side of rice?

 urlLink Ford GT 1 minute ad . I could seriously watch the burn out at the beginning of this commercial over and over. The entire vehicle is a work of art. This isn't going to help Ford one lick, but it's still an amazing vehicle.

 "Too bad I don't have my rich grandfather anymore." - 10 year-old girl heard outside Big Apple Bagels in Bellevue, WA.

 urlLink GROW : 11,500 so far. I'm going to figure this out, damnit. UPDATE: Ok, 13,900. I'm close!

 I've spent so much time on this site now that I cannot remember where I came from to get to it (No, I can't just hit back in my browser since I open almost all new links as a tab in urlLink Mozilla ), but it was probably urlLink Slashdot . Anyway, after having debated for a few years in high school, I learned a few terms for debate tactics, but here is an urlLink entire site with terms for each fallacy. Honestly, I must have observed all of these at one time or another. A few are extremely frustrating because it is almost as hard to explain the fallacy as it is to fight in the debate. Some examples are urlLink burden of proof , urlLink confusing cause and effect (seems easy to explain, just try with some people!), and urlLink straw man . I will admit that I have used a handful of these fallacies as well, but I usually know I am using them. They are only used when I do not have quite enough evidence to back up my clain so I attempt to hoodwink someone with a fallacy while I think of better evidence. If someone catches me in the fallacy, now I can give an offical term for the fallacy to show that I genuinely knew what I was doing.

 I put almost $700 worth of food on my credit cards in December. Can you believe that? I spent about as much on food as I did on rent! Someone needs to stop eating out so much.

 urlLink create your own visited states map

 urlLink Starbucks Drinks Simplified (kinda) : A fairly comprensive list of all the drinks and options available at Starbucks. Just reading it made me thirsty so I had to grab a Venti nonfat, no foam vanilla latte. Gotta love the fact that most Microsoft cafeterias offer a full Starbucks as well.

 urlLink AOL Presidential Match Guide : Yes, it's an AOL affiliate, but it's a fairly simple site to see which presidential candidate your beliefs most match. Here is my not terribly surprising list: (100%) Kerry (96%) Dean (93%) Sharpton (93%) Clark (91%) Kucinich (87%) Edwards (28%) Bush

 urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage : Nothing quite like an ageing rock band using a group of teenagers as stand ins, then seeing their first song in 20 years hit the charts. Excellent comment on society and a good social experiment.

 I believe George Carlin said it best: Here is my problem with the ten commandments- why exactly are there 10? You simply do not need ten. The list of ten commandments was artificially and deliberately inflated to get it up to ten. Here's what happened: About 5,000 years ago a bunch of religious and political hustlers got together to try to figure out how to control people and keep them in line. They knew people were basically stupid and would believe anything they were told, so they announced that God had given them some commandments, up on a mountain, when no one was around. Well let me ask you this- when they were making this shit up, why did they pick 10? Why not 9 or 11? I'll tell you why- because 10 sound official. Ten sounds important! Ten is the basis for the decimal system, it's a decade, it's a psychologically satisfying number (the top ten, the ten most wanted, the ten best dressed). So having ten commandments was really a marketing decision! It is clearly a bullshit list. It's a political document artificially inflated to sell better. I will now show you how you can reduce the number of commandments and come up with a list that's a little more workable and logical. I am going to use the Roman Catholic version because those were the ones I was taught as a little boy. Let's start with the first three: I AM THE LORD THY GOD THOU SHALT NOT HAVE STRANGE GODS BEFORE ME THOU SHALT NOT TAKE THE NAME OF THE LORD THY GOD IN VAIN THOU SHALT KEEP HOLY THE SABBATH Right off the bat the first three are pure bullshit. Sabbath day? Lord's name? strange gods? Spooky language! Designed to scare and control primitive people. In no way does superstitious nonsense like this apply to the lives of intelligent civilized humans in the 21st century. So now we're down to 7. Next: HONOR THY FATHER AND MOTHER Obedience, respect for authority. Just another name for controlling people. The truth is that obedience and respect shouldn't be automatic. They should be earned and based on the parent's performance. Some parents deserve respect, but most of them don't, period. You're down to six. Now in the interest of logic, something religion is very uncomfortable with, we're going to jump around the list a little bit. THOU SHALT NOT STEAL THOU SHALT NOT BEAR FALSE WITNESS Stealing and lying. Well actually, these two both prohibit the same kind of behavior- dishonesty. So you don't really need two you combine them and call the commandment "thou shalt not be dishonest". And suddenly you're down to 5. And as long as we're combining I have two others that belong together: THOU SHALT NOT COMMIT ADULTRY THOU SHALT NOT COVET THY NEIGHBOR'S WIFE Once again, these two prohibit the same type of behavior. In this case it is marital infidelity. The difference is- coveting takes place in the mind. But I don't think you should outlaw fantasizing about someone else's wife because what is a guy gonna think about when he's waxing his carrot? But, marital infidelity is a good idea so we're gonna keep this one and call it "thou shalt not be unfaithful". And suddenly we're down to four. But when you think about it, honesty and infidelity are really part of the same overall value so, in truth, you could combine the two honesty commandments with the two fidelity commandments and give them simpler language, positive language instead of negative language and call the whole thing "thou shalt always be honest and faithful" and we're down to 3. THOU SHALT NOT COVET THY NEIGHBOR"S GOODS This one is just plain fuckin' stupid. Coveting your neighbor's goods is what keeps the economy going! Your neighbor gets a vibrator that plays "o come o ye faithful", and you want one too! Coveting creates jobs, so leave it alone. You throw out coveting and you're down to 2 now- the big honesty and fidelity commandment and the one we haven't talked about yet: THOU SHALT NOT KILL Murder. But when you think about it, religion has never really had a big problem with murder. More people have been killed in the name of god than for any other reason. All you have to do is look at Northern Ireland, Cashmire, the Inquisition, the Crusades, and the World Trade Center to see how seriously the religious folks take thou shalt not kill. The more devout they are, the more they see murder as being negotiable. It depends on who's doin the killin' and who's gettin' killed. So, with all of this in mind, I give you my revised list of the two commandments: Thou shalt always be honest and faithful to the provider of thy nookie. and Thou shalt try real hard not to kill anyone, unless of course they pray to a different invisible man than you. Two is all you need; Moses could have carried them down the hill in his fuckin' pocket. I wouldn't mind those folks in Alabama posting them on the courthouse wall, as long as they provided one additional commandment: Thou shalt keep thy religion to thyself.

 urlLink NMD.com.au - Download Peugeot 206 Ad Movies : This is the most highly rated Ad in the UK for 2003 for the best selling car in the UK for 2003.

 urlLink MacMerc : Looks like you should never lose at the Pepsi iTunes giveaway! Just hold the bottle at roughly 25 degrees and look at the underside of the cap. If you see "again", that's a loser so grab another bottle and try again!

 urlLink KEXP 90.3 FM - where the music matters : KEXP just played Hot Snakes. Hot Snakes, on the radio. Mmmm, if it wasn't for the fact that they play such a random playlist, I would love this station. It's just too random, meaning there are a few songs I love mixed in with a bunch of stuff I've never heard. I rarely like a song on one listen, so I rarely find anything new to like.

 urlLink AutoWeek - Car News : Woohoo, even more Evo goodness! This new model has just a few changes, but they are all improvements and the base price isn't dramatically increased ($32k for the highest-priced model). The new color is dark gray, which is going to be the new hot color. I'm sick of silver and its variants.

 It seems that spammers are using a random dictionary attempt at creating "from" names. I just received an email from "Topsoil H. Motherfucker". Now do spammers really think I'm going to open a mail from Mr. Motherfucker?

 urlLink Wired 12.03: The Complete Guide to Googlemania! : My first thought, 13 pages all about Google! This is great, mostly because Google is an interesting company to follow from a technological, political, economic and social aspect. Second thought, crap, 13 pages I have to slog through with a bunch of drivel added since this is Wired. Well, I read the whole thing, and it's at least worth a good skim. I didn't learn much, but that's okay.

 I haven't posted an actual update in far too long. Let's dial back the Wheel of Time&trade;. I finally moved off the Daily servers for both my email and my web hosting. The email wasn't a big deal since Yahoo is free and I just forward everything from umich anyway. Keep emailing me at mbibik at umich dot edu, since I might not stay with Yahoo. The web hosting, on the other hand, was a big deal. My gallery was taking up at least a gig and no host would charge less than $39/month for that much space. Well, I found a free host for most of my site and then I'm hosting the galleries at home (thus the mbibik.dyndns.org URL). No, I can't tell you where I'm hosting, but you can sort of figure it out if you are smart. Kat and I have been up and down lately, but she is in Italy for two weeks so hopefully things will improve (absense makes the heart, blah blah blah). Unfortunately, she had a slight hiccup with her flight plans! Her flight from Seattle to Chicago left on time, but due to weather it couldn't land and had to circle for an extra two hours. This made her miss the connecting flight from Chicago to Rome! Her sister flew in from North Carolina so they could fly together to Rome so she skipped the flight to be with Kat. Now they are both trying to find another flight to Rome. The next direct flight that is available isn't until Saturday night and American Airlines keeps telling them to fly to London and then home for a standby flight to Rome. No matter what, I would be very upset. You can't really get pissed since there is no control over the weather, but very upset nontheless. My car is really pissing me off lately. Purchased on 06/27/2003 for about $18k and 8 months later it is only worth $10k. I still owe about that much! Anyway, it looks like I haven't posted about my car problems over the past few months. My CEL (check engine light) came on during normal driving. Nothing seemed amis, but I made a service appointment anyway. By the time the appointment arrived, the CEL was off. They took it and ran some tests anyway. They replaced a fuel hose and said the car should be fine. I took it home that night and the CEL went back on the very next day! I waited a couple weeks before making another appointment. During those few weeks, the CEL would go on for a couple days then go back off for awhile. Nothing really seemed wrong with the car until I checked my fuel logs. The car was getting 17 MPG! This car is rated for 27 MPG, so something was definitely borked. I took it in and this time the CEL was on when they received it. They replaced an 02 sensor and again said the car was fine. Well, I completely grannied the next tank of gas and got 22 MPG. Not bad, but not good either. I went back to my normal driving style and I'm still getting 17 MPG. I could be driving a WRX for that sort of gas mileage! I talked to the service tech and he claims he has seens Focii get 17 MPG and there was no solution. Great. I finally just decided to ignore the gas mileage since I'm not driving that much anyway. About two weeks ago, I was simply changing a preset on my radio and it decides to completely freak out. Now, it goes through this cycle of playing 0.5 seconds of music then turning off for 1.5 seconds, constantly rebooting. What make its even more annoying is that you have a 0.2 second window while the radio is off to hit the power button so that it will stay off. I'm sure I can fix it by pulling the plug (disconnect the battery), I just haven't gotten around to it.

 How sad is it that my car is worth less than what I currently owe on it? I mean, obviously that would be the case if I had just bought it or if I paid a very low down payment. I put down $4k and the car is now 9 months old (and a 2003 model). Gotta love almost 50% depreciation in less than a year. Sigh.

 urlLink NASIOC Forums - Pulled over in my STI : Woohoo, same thing happened with an STi!

 urlLink evolutionm.net - Ticketed: "Whale Tail" : Haha, if you have an Evo, watch out for pissed off cops in NY. This guy got ticketed because of his STOCK Evo spoiler! Anyway, one of the members had a pretty cool sig: "1 turbo, 2 liters, 3 diamonds, and 4 doors."

 urlLink Welcome to P.F. Chang's China Bistro : P.F. Chang's is finally accepting reservations! I remember the good ol' days of putting in a name at 4:30 PM and eating at 10 PM. Ahh, the memories, so inefficient.

 urlLink Rockstar Games Announces Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas : Woohoo! Having the next GTA set in San Andreas isn't shocking since the original GTA was in three cities: Liberty City, Vice City and San Adreas. I still remember the day that Chris brought over his copy of GTA:3 for Joe and I to try. He had to take it away from us a few weeks later since he was going to re-gift it, but I went right out and bought another copy. Joe eventually traded it in for GTA:Vice City but I was never as impressed with VC. It just didn't have the same feeling since the character that you played actually had a voice and some emotion. I much rather enjoyed the voiceless character in 3. Thus, I bought another copy of 3! I just need a PS2 to go with it now...

 Setting: A Gameworks or some sort of gaming facility. Lots of old people, dimly lit, similar to a casino in that respect. Basically, it had the feel of a Gameworks, casino and bowling alley combined. First scene: I'm sitting down and playing some sort of matching game, seems like Mastermind, with quarters. An older lady approaches from nowhere and demands to know where my gamer card is (If you have been to Gameworks or Dave & Busters, you know that instead of using quarters, you get a credit card of sorts that you can put money on. I show a pocket full of quarters, implying that I'm just playing with quarters and she storms off. She returns about 5 minutes later and hands me a large stack of gamer chips (4 $25, 2 $10, 2 $5, 4 $1) and a fist fill of Twizzlers. The look she gives me as she walks off was, "I've been in your place before, kid. Have some fun and enjoy the sugar!". Possibly she thought I was poor since I only showed about 5 dollars with in quarters. I vaguely remember winning a lot of money on the Mastermind game and then being given a tour of the facility. The man in charge was giving the tour and reminded me of urlLink Tom Poston from the Newhart show, but with a suit that Rod Roddy would wear. Well, a suit he would have worn, since he urlLink died of breast cancer. During the tour, I remember passing by a small room in the back with mirrors on the walls and a rainbow motif adorning the ceiling. He said that was in case anyone felt like dancing and could also be rented out. Oddly enough, it was empty and the lights were off. I can only imagine how those rainbows would look with the full house lights! I know I would want to shake my groove thang, and probably go suck on a popsicle or eat some sausage. Second scene: The dream gets fuzzy for a bit, but I remember after the tour there was this one counter way in the back with no one around it. The person running it is none other than Beth Manoongian, an "acquaintance" from school. This game was a trivia game with a twist. The questions are extremely difficult but the prize for answering a single question runs in the millions of dollars. I decide to give it a shot, hoping that Beth will help me out a little bit. As she pulls the question from a long box of cards, she places it on ledge face down in front of me, then gets a phone call. While she isn't watching, I try to see what the answer is, but can't quite make it out. It looks like "Yeh" to me backwards. The question was something like "What is the beach on Jo Beach?". Sort of a trick question, but I thought I already had the answer. I hem and haw for a bit, then exclaim "Yeh!". The answer was actually "Lev", which doesn't make sense to me in the dream or in the waking world. Since playing the game is free, I have her pull out another card. By this time, someone else has joined me at the counter. This person seemed to be between 18-22 years old, male, dark hair, reminded me of a frat boy. The next question wasn't even a question, it was something along the lines of "(SomeForeignName) is furious." I think the riddle was that you had to figure out the country that would give out a name like that then give the translation for "furious". The random guy and I looked at each other trying to figure it out and then I woke up. I should rent out my brain for studies into the abnormal.

 So the first inline hockey game was yesterday! Lee and I got there 1.5 hours early so that we could sign up for the league, meet the team and do a little bit of practicing. The facility is fairly ghetto, located in what looks like an old warehouse. It is seperated into a little practice field for soccer, the inline rink, then a larger soccer field. The rink itself is in good condition with an interesting plastic flooring that reminds me of the plastic used for milk crates or toddlers blocks (not the shiny kind). We only got about 20 minutes of practice in, but it was tiring. I know that when I got off the rink at the start of the game, I was drenched in sweat. We ended up losing 5-4, but I scored twice and Lee scored as well! We both received praise during and after the game which made us both feel a bit better about playing. Everyone seems very nice and laid back which is exactly what I was hoping for. Our first practice is tomorrow (yes, we had a game before we practiced) so hopefully my sore knee and arm feel better!

 urlLink New Scientist : Does anyone else find it completely asinine that tobacco is the number one killer in the United States, accounting for 18.1% of all deaths in 2000? Does anyone else find it completely asinine that obesity is about to overtake tobacco as the number one killer? Also, 64% of Americans are overweight or obese. Pathetic. Ironic that I'm posting this to the web while sitting on my ass, but I'm not overweight, you pudgy MFs!

 urlLink New Scientist : It looks like the "fact" that mammals do not produce new eggs after birth may be incorrect. With a study done on mice, it appears that the number of living eggs decreases too rapidly for the number of eggs available at birth to persist until menopause. To test if new eggs were created, an ovary from a normal mouse was inplanted into a mouse that was genetically modified to generate a glowing protein in all new cells. After transplant, eggs were observed with the glowing protein, practically confirming that new eggs are created after birth.

 An update to my hockey purchase: a detailed cost breakdown! Item Price Helmet w/ cage $99.95 Inline hockey pants $79.95 Girdle $64.95 Gloves $49.95 Shin guards $39.95 Elbow pads $29.95 Hockey bag $29.95 Cup $3.95 TAX $35.48 TOTAL $434.08 As a side note, I understand spending almost $100 to protect my noggin, but only $4 to protect my bits?

 Ok, so my friend Alicia got hit on by a guy at a party last week, but they didn't exchange digits. Instead, since this guy is a complete putz, asked a mutual friend for her AIM screenname! She isn't going to date him, but they have talked a bit and she found out he has a vanity site: urlLink Morris Singer . Signs you are a PUTZ: You place a picture of yourself in your title graphic. Your site is "Under Construction": No one with a modicum of web design ability has used "Under Construction" on their site since 1995. Go put your crap on GeoCities. You copy urlLink all of your columns , and screw it up! How many instances of "Restroom Revolution Gathers at Stonewall" are on that page? Hard hitting journalism, at that! Your urlLink photo galleries are Javascript pop-up driven garbage. Your urlLink bio is written in third person perspective. You do not have a job or a degree yet you have a urlLink business card . Your tagline is a warning: "Thank you for visiting my site. Do not duplicate this information, content or design without written permission from me." Yeah, I know, someone could rip apart my site as well, but I can take it.

 Well, I just joined an inline hockey league! We have games every Tuesday, starting tomorrow, for 12 weeks at urlLink Arena Sports . Lee introduced me to the team and we are both going to be on the core roster. I was originally on the substitute list but someone from the core team dropped out. So, I've played a lot of street hockey, but I've never played on a team or in any sort of organization fashion. The closest I've come to organization was playing at Elbel Field in Ann Arbor where they kept a list of players. First come, first serve, so as a person decided to take a break, the next person on the list got to hop in. That pales in comparison to a real league, so I cannot even imagine what I'm in for tomorrow night. I've watched enough hockey in my life to know what to do! Right, I'll be just fine. No worries. I'm going to die. Anyway, Russ and I decided that hockey is the most expensive game to play that does not require an animal (polo, cockfighting, etc). I already owned skates and a stick, I didn't buy top of the line gear and I still spent $435 dollars. Things I needed: helmet, elbow pads, cup, girdle, shin pads, inline pants and a hockey bag. I better play this game for more than a season... I'm a dork, so of course there are urlLink pictures .

 urlLink Amazon.com: Restaurants : I'm not really sure what to make of this just yet, but Amazon now has the full menu of almost every restaurant in the greater Seattle area on their site. Reminds me of the urlLink monkey.org page for Ann Arbor , but Amazon has almost 800 menus to monkey's 45. I wonder if the menus are ever updated, considering places like urlLink Waterfront Grill changes their menu nightly. Well, I just checked the menu for Waterfront and it advertises an event on July 16th, 2002, so that answers the question about updates but also poses the question of how long has Amazon had this feature? What else does Amazon offer that I have missed all this time? I know they do urlLink movie showtimes , oddly enough, as well.

 Consumerist Whore: So awhile back, I sold my GameCube, memory card, Metroid Prime (wanted to write "Metroit Prime", too much time spent in the Motor City, I guess), Super Mario Sunshine and Prince of Persia to GameStop for a whopping $101. When you sell used games and consoles, they give you store credit. This credit comes in the form of a receipt with a unique alphanumeric. When the cashier gives you said receipt, he/she is supposed to impart the words of wisdom "DO NOT LOSE THIS." Well, I lost it! Luckily, I was dorky enough to write down said alphanumeric and GameSpot was able to reissue the receipt. Let's see how long it takes before I lose it again. Anyway, the point of this post was that I went to the mall to get the reissued receipt and ended up going shopping for myself. I ended up buying two pairs of stain, spill and wrinkle resistant pants at the Gap and three shirts over at Express. When I went to the get the receipt reissued, the manager said that he woudl probably call me on Tuesday with the reissue since he has to call corporate and they are closed on the weekend. Turns out, they were open today so he told me to come pick up the receipt. Another trip to the mall, and we all know what that means... more shopping. I hadn't run into J. Crew or Banana Republic since I was in a bit of a rush last night. Ended up buying my second pair of jeans, making that two pairs purchased in the past 8 months, my first pairs in at least 8 years! J. Crew jeans are just about the only ones that fit me even close to well. Jamie and I must have spent at least two hours looking for that first pair. Actually, I think that only J. Crew works for jeans, Gap works for casual pants and Kenneth Cole works for dress pants. Anyway, I ended up spending $50 for an undershirt and two pairs of boxers at Banana Republic. Even I realize that's a waste of money, but they were cute and everyone needs underwear, right? Mmmm, underwear...

 So my radio crapped out awhile ago, probably at least a month ago, and I just today brought it in to be fixed. When I dropped it off, the technician sait it would be ready this afternoon. Around 2 PM, he called to tell me that he couldn't fix it, couldn't find a replacement and had to send it out to be fixed. He had no ETA as to when it would be back, so he said to come pick up the car. Well, I have the car, but urlLink no radio or CD player !

 urlLink Sonics Dance Team : Click on Tricia; Last night, Mark Jen tried picking her up at Tap House in Bellevue. They talked for a little while, then Tricia and her friend left.

 So, by now you have probably heard that Nintendo's next handheld will have two screens and be called the DS (D = Dual/Double S = Screen). Take a look at this urlLink mockup posted to Gizmodo. The angled design immediately screams to me "This is better because it is different!", but just think about the ergnomics. Hold your hands in front of you as if you were trying to hold something a bit smaller than a paperback book, lengthways. You don't curl your wrists outward and your fingers upward, as you would have to with this design. I can see a large number of young gamers developing carpal tunnel if this design got the green light. (I'm going to refrain from jokes about other causes of carpal tunnel in young male gamers.) A common question about the Pocket PC Phone that I carry around is "Can it play games?" Well, the answer is yes, but why bother? The overall form factor is wrong, requiring you to interlace your fingers to hold the device with two hands. Additionally, there is a directional pad and four buttons, but the pad only supports the four cardinal directions (not diagonals) and two of the buttons are toward the top of the screen. Basically, I wouldn't even try playing pong on this thing. Hell, I have nethack install on it and even that is impossible to play.

 "2 + 2 = 5 for large values of 2.", why do I find that so humorous?

 urlLink Penny Arcade! : By far, the best description of those self-cleaning litter boxes. Quotes of Note: "the tiny pot roasts my cat leaves behind", "sometimes it is flung out, as through by catapult, toward imaginary foes", and "It is the sort of thing you would design if you had only a vague description of a cat and you didn't really give a fuck if it worked or not."

 In response to my away message: "Why do all girls have the crazy?": Lee (11:35:43 PM): i think girls impact male productivity more than disease Jenn (8:34:51 AM): you sure know how to pick 'em Meg (6:36:39 AM): I'll admit to having the crazy :-) Krista's away message: I like Mike's away message "why do all girls have the crazy"

 Woohoo, go urlLink Markko ! He only one a single stage of the entire rally, but "slow and steady wins the race". Ok, in all actuality, having your strongest competitor get slapped with a urlLink 5 minute penalty wins the race. If you don't want to read the link, basically Petter Solberg had some electrical issues before the start of a stage. He and his codriver tried to push the car uphill to make it to the starting line in time. There were already 4 minutes late, giving them a 40 second penalty when the officials realized they received help from the spectators to reach the starting line. That tacked on an additional 5 minute penalty eventhough neither the driver nor codriver asked for the help. With a final time difference of 3 minutes and 14.7 seconds from Markko Martin, Solberg would have won. As Russ said, he probably wouldn't have pushed so hard if it wasn't for that 5 minute and 40 second penalty.

 Why am I cooler than you? Thanks for asking! Well, do you have the Knight Rider theme song as your ringtone? Nope, didn't think so.

 Dream Update: The dream from last night concerned me entering some sort of car show. The show was held in a building similar to Cobo Hall where the North American International Auto Show is held. The first part of the dream is quite fuzzy, but it involved Jeff, Russ and I driving quite a long distance from home to the show, trailering my show car. The car was a fairly sedate blue; brighter than Ford Racing blue but not as bright as Subaru World Rally blue. I have no idea what type of car it was, though my mind told me it was an Acura RSX. I'm not even sure what sort of car show it was, but I knew that I had to perform something. Possibly just drive it around for show, possibly drag race it, possibly drift it, who knows! After we got to the show, there was quite a bit of time before I had to drive, so we walked around. As we walked around, I realized that I had forgotten the keys to the show car! Since it was trailered there, I didn't need the keys. Oddly enough, I found out that I was carrying one of my old keys from the Michigan Daily and it worked as a master key for the entire showroom building. Again, oddly enough, all of the mens bathrooms were closed so all of the womens bathrooms became co-ed. While Jeff, Russ and I were walking back down to the parking garage so that we could go get the keys to the show car, we ran into a group of about six people. We were in a small hallway at a bend, so it was a tight fit to get all 9 people through. The groups sort of collided, then the six people swarmed us. My first thought was to check our wallets. They didn't actually steal our wallets, but Jeff had lost all of his IDs and all of his money except for singles. Just at the end of the altercation, I some how stole back all of Jeff's IDs and a huge stack of money. I checked my wallet at this point, and it actually had more money in it than before! At first, I was pleased, then I checked the bills. A 300 hundred dollar bill? Another bill that had multiple denominations on it (I remember one that had "$300", "$133" and "$16" all on the same bill)? Another bill that had some sort of religious message on the back instead of a visual scene? This was where I woke up.

 Ok, ok, I know that WAPCE is not a terribly common acronym, but since when did DTB become common!? Christ. WAPCE: Women Are Pure Concentrated Evil DTB: Dump The Bitch

 I am absolutely amazed by this urlLink review of Dawn of the Dead. Not because it is a bad review, not because it is a funny review, not because the review is dramatically wrong but because this is a review for parents. This is one of the most gore-filled movies I have ever seen, lots of swearing, some nudity and sexual situations and all of the other great things that give movies an R rating. There is even a handy table listing issues such as "Profanity", "Nudity/Sex" and even "Diversity Issues." You would figure that the review would be horribly opposed to anyone young seeing this and especially not making this family affair. Au contrair, the review is suprisingly positive without a lick of conservative America "hide your children from this filth" opinion. The review even gives discussion topics if this movie is seen as a family! "Families who watch this movie might wish to discuss the different approaches taken by the survivors and the range of choices that they make. Are there times when the moral answer is at odds with the instinct to survive? How would you handle this variance?" I am amazed, and quite proud, of this site.

 I knew the addiction wasn't going to get any better when I would think back to those lovely days when I owned a video game console. All those levels beat, all those new trophies acquired, all those end-bosses defeated... I needed a console, and fast! I ended up using my $101 store credit at GameStop to buy a refurbished PS2 with network adapter and another copy of Gran Turismo 3. I still had my saved game from when Joe and I co-owned a PS2, so I fired that up. Last night, I ended up beating all of the rally levels. I used the same car for all of the levels: a heavily modified Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution VII GSR, putting out about 542 HP. There are 10 tracks on the rally circuit, 3 races per track and 2, 3 and 5 laps per race. That means 300 rally laps to complete the entire circuit. My car couldn't handle as well as most of the rally cars on gravel, but the sheer power got it through those tracks without fault. On tarmac, the car could handle at least as well as the rally cars and I still had a huge power advantage. The prize for getting all first places on the 30 different races is the urlLink Suzuki Escudo Pikes Peak Version . You'd think a Suzuki would be a horrible prize car, but mine is currently modified to put down 1881 HP! Top speed is currently 278.9 MPH, nice.

 I am genuinely curious to know, on average, how many people a person knows (basically friends and family) that have committed suicide? Personally, I believe I only know of one person. I say believe because I have a very good ability to block out many harmful events. I only know of one person that committed suicide at my high school during the four years I was there and I didn't actually know the person, so they aren't on my list. There was a discussion I saw online and some people knew upwards of nine people that had ended their lives. I guess that high of a number just made me think. I'm still thinking.

 Car hunt update: I got to ride along on two test drives today. I say ride along since I had Jeff drive them for me! I suck at manual so I didn't feel like embarrassing myself. First was the '89 Mitsubishi Colt. The exterior was decent with just a few bit of rust along the faded paint. The interior, on the other hand, was well aged. Not well aged like a wine, cheese, or whiskey, but well aged like that a high school cafeteria mom. Bits of plastic were broken in just about every spot, including the turn indicator. It was so broken that Jeff could barely get it to work at all. The engine was in pretty good shape, but the clutch was really soft. Next up was the '92 Camaro. The owner was about 10 minutes late, but all was forgiven when I saw the quality of this car. There is a slight dent just behind the driver side door that is starting to rust and there is a modicum of rust above the rear passenger wheel well. Other than that, the vehicle looked practically new! The interior was a bit worn, but no damage. The clutch was in good shape, the stereo is brand new, the tires are new, the battery is new and most of the suspension was new. Needless to say, I was pretty impressed. It was only an RS, which means that it has 140 HP but 180 lb-ft of torque (and still better than the 130 HP and 135 lb-ft in my Focus!). Since the car is in such good shape, I really doubt that I will be able to talk him down from the $2,000 price. Considering how impressed I was with the car, I called up my insurance agent. If I add a second car to my policy, it will drop the price on the Focus from $672 to $637. Full coverage on the Camaro would be $298 and just the basics will get run me $198. Not that bad at all! I was originally considering paying for a parking spot in a lot near my apartment, but then I realized that I should be able to park at work. As long as I swap cars at least once a week and move the cars around every other day, I shouldn't get in trouble from security. As soon as they say something, I will pay for the lot ($50/month). If I don't think of anything I've forgotten and no one else says this is a dumb idea, I think I'm going to buy it on Monday. I'd love to have it for the weekend, especially while Kat is gone, but I really shouldn't make a rash decision.

 The fourth FloorBurn game was last night. We improved our record to 2-2! Lee and I were back on a line again, but we just weren't in sync. I was playing too far away from him and he wasn't able to get the puck up to me. No matter what, I stole the puck deep in their end, deked the goalie and got my fourth goal of the season. We ended up winning 4-1 and team morale was much higher than any other night. It's possible that our practice last week really did help, but we shall see.

 Ok, more updates to the use car hunt. I totally forgot that Microsoft has its own classified ads! I have contacted four more sellers and I already have two replies! I cannot link to the cars since they are on an internal site, but I can tell you that one is a '92 Camaro and the other is an '83 Supra! It would be cool to say that I owned a Supra, no matter what model year it is. Both are in fairly decent shape, at least from what I was told. The Supra needs a muffler, but that can't be more than $200 to replace. I should be able to test drive both of them this week. Maybe I will end up buying a car this week!

 I'm looking for a used car! No, even with all of the problems with the Focus, (which I've since named Sanchez, since the car was made in Mexico and now I can make all sorts of "Dirty Sanchez" jokes) I am not thinking of replacing it for a used car. I'm actually looking for an old manual car so that I can get better with an MT before I get a real car. I figure, why not spend upwards of $2,000 on a used car, practice driving a manual, then sell it off for upwards of $1,500 rather than spending $1,200 on clutch replacement for a new car? There is a parking lot a block away from my apartment where I can get a space for only $50/month. I will put the least amount of insurance on it, so it shouldn't be too expensive of a proposition. Here are the cars I've shown an interest in so far: urlLink 1995 Saturn SL 2 urlLink 1989 Honda Civic urlLink 1987 Honda Accord

 Possible license plates (all currently available in WA): For a turbo car: BOOSTER BOOSTME MOBOOST SLO4CYL For a WRX: NOTSTI NOTASTI (but that looks like NO TASTI) QWKWRX For a STi: EVOEATR For anything: FASTER FASTAR OMGHI2U NABISCO IDHITIT OH NO

 Just so I don't forget it again, my AAdvantage (American Airlines frequent flyer account) number is V2M670.

 urlLink NASIOC Forums - 2005 Impreza changes : Did I just figure out what my next car will be?

 Ok, this sucks. Someone stole my inline girdle after our second game. Honestly, it is my own fault since I didn't take inventory after the game. Lets see, for each game this is the equipment I need: Girdle (w/ cup) Shin guard x2 Inline pants Elbow pad x2 Skates x2 Jersey Gloves x2 Helmet Stick

 I purchased my urlLink hockey skates (image) last year when Eric and I decided to get back into inline hockey. The wheels that the skates came with weren't bad (Labeda Shooters) and the bearings were satisfactory (ABEC 3 rated, the lowest rating but there are worse bearings out there that aren't even rated!). I had used the wheels quite a bit playing outdoor inline, so they were quite worn down: urlLink The first two games of the indoor inline season were played on those wheels. Needless to say, I fell a handful of times. It took a few weeks of online bargain hunting, but finally I picked up a new set of wheels and bearings. Out with the old: urlLink urlLink ...and in with the new: urlLink urlLink Don't the new wheels just look so much better, especially on the blue chassis? urlLink

 Oh my god, I just saw a urlLink Lotus 340R on American soil. I wanted to hump hump that car on first sight.

 I've been a bad blogger. I apologize. Time for Ultra Happy Delight Bullets! Dream from last night: I cannot remember the bulk of the dream, but it involved a large number of my friends from both Microsoft and UMich at a presentation of some sort. Everyone was sitting in rows of chairs waiting for it to start. I was supposed to drive to this with one of the devs on my team, Matt, but when I got there, he was sitting with Matt Weber. Just before the presentation started, I remember that I borrowed Jeff's can opener and he needed it back! I was quite concerned since this was a limited edition can opener. Oddly enough, there were shelves and shelves of shoe boxes and skiing equipment to the side of the presentation room. After a frantic search, I finally found the can opener at the bottom of a shoe box. The can opener was a WRX model in Sonic Yellow, which would explain why I was frantic to find it (the Impreza WRX in Sonic Yellow is a very rare sight). That doesn't explain why I am having crazy dreams. FloorBurn improved to a record of 3-2 after our 6-2 win on Tuesday. I scored twice, so I'm back as leading scorer. Wall of Meat (flag football) is perfect so far at 2-0! We had a come from behind win on Saturday with our new quarterback, but I can definitely see the team improving from here out. I'm getting closer to buying the Camaro. The owner just needs to get it to pass emissions and then I will almost certainly buy it. The NY auto show is tomorrow thus I expect information about the 2005 Subarus to be released tomorrow. Rumor has it that the WRX will go a complete redesign for the '06 model year, so maybe buying an '05 would be silly. I don't want to look dated that fast!

 urlLink After 17 Years, They're Back, and in the Mood for Love : "What cicadas want, plain and simple, is sex (they've been underground for 16 years, remember). And the males are not ashamed to ask for it, loudly. "

 urlLink Merc A series : Puke, simply puke. Retarded hybrid (no pun intended) of the Prius, Caravan and Civic Si.

 urlLink Nutrigrain (feel great) : Hilarious short (Warning: Quicktime). Best quote: "Yeah, babies everywhere!"

 I can't believe I forgot to post this! So every three months, the urlLink Puget Sound Blood Center sends a Bloodmobile to my campus. I made an appointment for the first time it came around, but had to cancel it due to a meeting conflict. The second time it came around, I went to donate without an appointment and they were full. Finally, I got to donate yesterday. Since it was my first time donating with them, I had to go through the full screening process, mini interview and all. Finally, I give blood and they have me lay down for an extra a few minutes afterward since this was my first time with them and all. The actual process of giving blood went just fine. As I was laying down resting, my stomach started to feel a bit nauseous. Suddenly, the nausea got worse and I started to think about asking one of the nurses for something to vomit into. The next thing I notice, there are three people crowded around me and I've got cold compresses on my neck and chest. Turns out, I passed out! I was only out for a few seconds, but it was not a pleasant experience. Soon after I woke up, I broke out in a cold sweat. I felt functional about 5 minutes later, but I was definitely tired and out of it for the rest of the day. I, obviously, skipped my hockey game.

 I'm sorry folks, this one just speaks for itself. David Hasselhoff is going to be making a urlLink Knight Rider movie , possibly with Ben Affleck playing his son. I'm so there on opening night.

 Katherine and I went to Daniel's Broiler on Lake Union on Thursday night. We had a $25 gift certificate, but that really doesn't go very far when the entrees are about $40 each! The hostess treated us just like any other couple having dinner on a Thursday night, but the waiter had a different idea. It seems that he saw two kids that were in over their heads and thus he didn't expect a large tip. Since, in his mind, his tip was already shot, he decided to basically treat us like an annoyance. Since I was out for a nice dinner, I ordered Perrier to start and I made Kat get some Evian even though she is a tap water kind of girl. He brought us two glasses and two bottles and didn't even offer to pour for us. I know, I'm getting prissy here, but come on. While every other table received warm bread and butter before the meal, I had to specifically request it. When it finally came, our food was ready not 2 minutes later. When we ordered wine, he acted as if the only grape product we had ever drank was Welch's. Thanks buddy, I know the basics of wine, and yes I do know that higher altitude wines come from a more concentrated grape. He got most of our order correct, but he switched how Katherine and I liked our meat (I ordered medium and she ordered medium-rare and he switched them). Kat has eaten at Daniel's probably ten times and she said this was the first time they didn't offer to cut the meat at the table to show that it was cooked properly. Maybe he knew he had messed up. No matter what, our waiter was still not the most annoying part of the evening! Soon after we had sat down, a pair of gentlemen were seated directly behind us. Our backs were mostly turned to them, but Kat could tell that the older of the two, maybe 45-50 years old, was consistently staring at her. This skeeved her out a bit, but was soon ignored. After we had finished our entree and started to dig into some creme brulee, our waiter approached carrying two glasses of red wine. He informed us that the man behind us offered two glasses of his fine Argentinean wine. We raised our glasses and turned to the man and thanked him. He said "Enjoy, or as we would say in Norway, Skord." At this point, we felt fairly awkward. Here was two men that had offered us nice wine and now expected us to at least talk to them. I basically told Kat to hurry up and drink the wine so we could say a quick word with them and then get the hell out of there! Kat didn't want to gulp the wine, figuring that would be even more rude. Eventually, we started to talk to them while we were all still seated. He asked if we were here on business and when I replied in the negative, he said "Yes, you two look too romantic for business." The older man was doing all the talking and when he informed me that his companion was visiting from Norway, I just assumed that he couldn't speak English very well. The older man then complemented Kat on her looks and said something about us being an attractive couple. Kat and were both obviously nervous and annoyed, but we were still stuck talking. The man finally said something about his wife and then started babbling. I couldn't understand a word he was saying and Katherine was having trouble hearing, so we basically turned back to our table to finish the wine and escape. After drinking the last drop, we got up to leave and I approached the man to at least shake his hand. After shaking, he gently held on to my hand and placed his other hand on my upper arm, basically trapping me there. He asked if we enjoyed the wine, if we would like to sit down and have another glass. I told him we had to leave and we basically fled. At this point, I heard his companion speak and he said something in accent-free English. He understood the language, he was just being quiet because he was obviously embarrassed by what was going on! Kat was, understandbly, a bit disturbed by the whole situation. Ugh.

 Okay, okay. At first, I wasn't going to post anything more about the Elise since it is simply not practical at all, it's $40k and all of the models allocated for this year are already sold out, but this urlLink review just takes the cake. Such pithy quotes as "Its a prescription for disaster for those of us with acrylic nails." and "It will not disappoint its audience 'newly divorced men who are looking for a new wife,'". I still want one, damnit.

 Bwahaha, I have a urlLink GMail account! It's not vaporware after all! How did I get an account, you ask? Well, it involves Blogger... That's all I'm going to say.

 I've added a few pictures to my urlLink moblogging gallery including one of my urlLink odometer in binary . That would be 18 miles total and 6.5 on the trip in decimal.

 Cars I would consider buying at this point in my life: Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution Subaru Impreza WRX STi Pontiac Solstice (unreleased) Honda S2000 Mazda Mazdaspeed Miata BMW M Coupe (no longer offered) Infiniti G35 Coupe It's a shame that I do not feel terribly strong about any of them.

 Speaking of cars, I totally forgot to say that I officially own the Camaro now! I took a few urlLink crappy pictures ; I will try to get some better ones in the sun soon. So far, I've only driven the car in the parking garage at work and a few blocks around my building. I am still pretty horrible with the manual, but I'm getting better. Last night, Jeff and I took it out for a little spin. Everything was going fine until I stopped at a stop sign and just couldn't seem to get the car going. I kept stalling and stalling and stalling. It felt very weird to me since I was giving it a ton of gas, it just didn't seem like enough. After about 12 tries I finally got the car going! It still seemed to be acting up because the revs were so low. I stopped at the next stop sign and had the same issue! Finally Jeff hopped in, played with the shifter and turns out, I was in third gear! I'm just surprised that I actually got it to go that one time. Oh well, Jeff said the shifter is fairly narrow and thus it's hard to tell which gear you are in. I just think I am dumb and that is one more thing I will pay attention to when driving stick.

 The more I read about the Pontiac Solstice, the more I like it. Take urlLink this article from Autoweek. They get to test drive a few engineering mules and were quite impressed. If the car is impressive in 85% complete form and Lutz is driving this home as the most important GM project, the final result is going to be amazing. UPDATE: The car may only have 170 HP, but it also have 170 lb-ft in comparison to the 142 HP and 125 lb-ft found in a base Miata. Even the new Mazdaspeed version only has 178 hp and 166 lb-ft.

 While Jeff and I were at the movies tonight, a lady dropped a large handful of change while at the consession stand. It was at least 50 coins, so I immediately bent down to help her pick it up. She was a bit older, so she let me pick it all up. Her husband must have been at the bathroom, because he showed up just as I finished. They both thanked me and started to walk off. Just then, I got a good look at her husband. Turns out, it was Lenny Wilkins! Quote from NBA.com about urlLink Lenny : "Lenny and his wife Marilyn have three children, Leesha, Randy and Jaime, and two grandchildren, Ashley and Nicole. They make their off-season home in Seattle." Pretty cool.

 Sorry everyone, the GMail accounts are gone!

 My take on GMail. Ok, I've only been using it for a short while, but I haven't quite gotten the hang of it yet. The first issue is that all email is sorted by "conversations", which is basically what everyone but Microsoft and GMail call threads. For those of you that don't know what that means, a thread/conversation is just what it sounds like, a collection of email messages relating to a specific topic. On the most basic level, a conversation is an original message and any replies to that message. Certain mail clients assign a thread ID and thus you can change the message subject and it will still be a part of the original thread/conversation. Either GMail or Yahoo doesn't support thread ID because I changed the subject on a thread and GMail started a new "conversation". There are a ton of keyboard shortcuts, which is interesting for a webmail client. Seeing as I used pine for my email for 6 years, I'm quite used to navigating my email with a keyboard... in pine! Using it in gmail isn't as easy as I expected. There are keyboard shortcuts for navigating various messages and conversations, but very basic actions, like cancelling the composition of a message, has to be done by mouse. I do love that the keyboard shortcut for reporting spam is the excalamation key... it just goes so well with most spam: "Ge.t a m.a$siv3 mem.b3r! buttercup obtuse bingo cxoiuqweijfd4klhjd7" My natural response is "!". GMail has a concept of "All mail" and "archive". The main action for all emails is to "archive" it. It doesn't place the message in the trash, it doesn't move it to a specific folder, it just moves the email out of your inbox. The only way to view archived mails is to use the All Mail view. All Mail shows any mail in your inbox, your sent mail "folder" and anything you have archived. It does not show any spam or trash emails. Instead of supporting folders like most email clients (web or desktop), GMail has introduced the concept of "Labels". Well, I shouldn't say introduced, but this is the first time I've seen it in relation to an email client. Instead of storing a conversation (see above) in various default or unique folders, you can assign one or more labels to the conversation. Let's say that you wanted to save all conversations from a specific person in a specific folder and you wanted to save all conversations about a specific topic in a specific folder, what happens if your specifics collide? Do you try to decide which folder takes presidence? With labels, you can give the conversation labels for both the sender and the topic. Like most folder views, there is a list of labels so you can jump to the list of all conversations with a specific label. GMail also supports filters which works hand in hand with labels. You can filter on sender, receiver, subject, words in the body and words missing from the body. The actions you can take are skip inbox (meaning it places the mail into the archive (see above)), apply a specific label or move it directly to the trash. You cannot mark anything as spam through the filter. One little feature that I saw in their help files but they did not actually implement related to attachments. Instead of showing the common and generic paper clip icon to denote an attachment, GMail would use an icon to represent the file type of the attachment. If it was a PDF, the common PDF icon would be used, etc. I tested this out, and it's just a paper clip. Shucky darn. Overall, I'm sure that I will get used to conversation view, labels and archive and be very happy with my free 1000 MB webmail client harnessing Google!

 Do you want to try out GMail? Since GMail is still in a test period, acceptance is by invitation only. I received my invitation through Blogger, but now that I am a user I can invite two more people! The first two to contact me get dibs. (Note: If you ask via email, I only check once a day and thus it would be faster to txt/IM/call me. If you email me right away yet I get two phone calls after your email was sent, you ain't getting GMail from me.)

 Wow, some guys just have it rough. For whatever reason, 107.7 The End in Seattle took Andy Savage off their morning show. I could probably look it up, but I really don't have the patience right now. For a couple months after that, they would play hour-long themed blocks of music: 80s punk, new wave, grunge, etc. Finally, they brought in Marconi and Tiny for the morning program. About a month after that, The End changed formats and dropped them. Sucks! At the time, they were on two radio stations, The End and a station in "Porkland" (their infantile name for Portland). Well, looks like they got urlLink booted from Portland as well for joking about the Berg beheading. D'oh!

 Now that Russell is moving out, there are a few things in the kitchen that I need to replace: Coffee pot Coffee grinder Blender Knives Glasses Toaster Tea kettle Sugar jar Foreman Grill

 Angry Cell Phone Customer Trashes Verizon Store POSTED: 11:43 a.m. EDT May 14, 2004 FARGO, N.D. -- A man who said he was fed up with his cellular phone service went to a Fargo mall and started hurling phones across a store, striking an employee and causing more than $2,000 in damage, authorities said. Jason Perala, 22, of Fargo, told The Forum newspaper that he planned only to yell at employees at Verizon Wireless. "Then I just lost it," he said. "I just started grabbing computers and phones and throwing them. I just destroyed the place. ... I kind of regret that I did it, but I hope my message got across." Police said Perala took off his shirt and put on safety glasses before throwing around computers, phones and other items. One employee was struck in the shoulder by a phone before he and other workers dashed into an office, locked the door and called police, Sgt. Kevin Volrath said. Other businesses in the West Acres mall lowered their steel security gates during Thursday's incident. Perala was arrested without incident and jailed on charges of felony criminal mischief and misdemeanor simple assault.

 urlLink July 1st: Share 2 bedroom / 2 bath downtown Bellevue apartment It's official; I'm looking for a new roommate! Russell decided to live in Seattle and I decided I wanted to stay where I am now so the roommate hunt is on!

 FloorBurn won last night, 5-0, I scored a goal and we are in second place!

 All I have to say is dinga ding dang my dangalong linglong.

 urlLink Karamazov : "He also discusses his belief that men only practice love for their fellow man out of a belief in God and the immortality of their soul. If they did not believe, Ivan says, than there would exist no incentive or reason for them to practice love and kindness. If they do not believe, then the only motive for action would logically be self-interest. " Is that a truism? Do you believe that, in a mentality lacking love and kindness, the only logical conclusion would be that all actions would be driven by self-interest? The implication here is that self-interest is inherently a negative characteristic. Is it not possible that, while looking out for yourself, you can also look out for others? The man that helps and cares for others may draw greater fortune to himself. By looking out for others, you are in a way looking out for yourself? Honestly, there is very little that I do that does not benefit myself in some way. I doubt there have been more than two cases in the past five years where I have done something that I did not think would ultimately benefit myself. If I make a sacrifice at work to help someone out, I believe that this action will be remembered and either they would help me out or I would gain better standing in their mind. If I was to perform community service, it would partially be because I could talk about it later and have others think highly of me. I'm selfish, but sometimes it benefits others.

 Gah, I can't believe I forgot to post this earlier! So, on Monday, I had a cashier ask me about my age. Well, it happened again on Thursday! I was going to Sports Authority to buy an ankle brace for Kat when it happened. I picked out the brace and headed to the first available cashier. I paid with a credit card and had to use one of the electronic signature readers. She told me to keep my card out for signature validation so I also pulled out my drivers license. My signature never looks right on this electronic devices so I did it just in case. I guess the cashier looked at my birthdate because when she handed my cards back to me: "Are you 23, 24?" "23, why, do I seem older, younger?" "More mature." "Any reason?" I'm 21 and guys our age seem younger. You dress well, like you made it somewhere, you seem established." The funny thing is, I was wearing a long-sleeve jersey material shirt (Kenneth Cole, but she couldn't tell that), Gap slacks and black Puma sneakers! I definitely wasn't sporting "mature" looking attire. Oh well.

 Woohoo, I donated $10 to urlLink MusicBrainz today. Horrible name but great service. You feed it an MP3 and it spits back out the correct Artist, album, genre, etc and resaves the file with the correct information automatically. Totally free but also totally worth a $10 donation.

 urlLink CNN.com - Three children found decapitated in apartment - May 27, 2004 : I don't really know how to comment on this situation. A mother returns to find her three children decapitated. The only possible reason I can think of is some sort of debt that went unpaid.

 Doctor cure me what is the cause of my condition? This madness shoots me like bullets smashing glass in a silent movie.

 My brain is triggered to wake up if I hear a diesel engine idling outside of my window. Why? Well, back in senior year, I was sharing a parking permit with a roommate. I was almost towed twice for parking in my apartment lot without the permit but I heard the idling tow truck and woke up! Anyway, there was a truck idling outside of my apartment this morning around 7 AM and thus I woke up.

 I really shouldn't be posting right now as I should be working on the SEVEN specifications I have to write in the next few weeks. I'd tell you more, but then I'd have to make the internet sign an NDA and I just don't have time for the paperwork this week. Anyway, during the daily Jeff-and-Mike lunch extravaganza, something a bit humorous happened. Jeff and I have a pretty set list of restaurants we go to (Quizno's, Qdoba, Chipotle, Ribeye, Nasai Teriyaki, Red Robin, Matt's Famous, Arby's, Taj Palace, Yen Ching, etc) and some of the places have started to remember us. Today at one of the usuals, my order number was 29. The cashier said "29, close to 30... are you over 30?". I had remembered from a previous conversation that she said she had been out of school for 10 years and just got her degree last year so I assumed she was about 30 though she looked not a day over 21. My response was "No, a bit lower", giving her a thumbs down motion. "29?" "No." "27?" "Nope, lower." At this point, she just looked at me, scared to give another incorrect answer. I held up two fingers, said "23" and transitioned to three fingers. She was quite flabergasted and made some commented about how I looked so much older while she looked so much younger saying that people don't think of her as a day older than 20, 19 even! Funny stuff.

 Achebe, Chinua - Things Fall Apart Agee, James - A Death in the Family Austen, Jane - Pride and Prejudice Baldwin, James - Go Tell It on the Mountain Beckett, Samuel - Waiting for Godot Bellow, Saul - The Adventures of Augie March Bronte, Charlotte - Jane Eyre Bronte, Emily - Wuthering Heights Camus, Albert - The Stranger Cather, Willa - Death Comes for the Archbishop Chaucer, Geoffrey - The Canterbury Tales Chekhov, Anton - The Cherry Orchard Chopin, Kate - The Awakening Conrad, Joseph - Heart of Darkness Cooper, James Fenimore - The Last of the Mohicans Crane, Stephen - The Red Badge of Courage Dante - Inferno de Cervantes, Miguel - Don Quixote Defoe, Daniel - Robinson Crusoe Dickens, Charles - A Tale of Two Cities Dostoyevsky, Fyodor - Crime and Punishment Douglass, Frederick - Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass Dreiser, Theodore - An American Tragedy Dumas, Alexandre - The Three Musketeers Eliot, George - The Mill on the Floss Ellison, Ralph - Invisible Man Emerson, Ralph Waldo - Selected Essays Faulkner, William - As I Lay Dying Faulkner, William - The Sound and the Fury Fielding, Henry - Tom Jones Fitzgerald, F. Scott - The Great Gatsby Flaubert, Gustave - Madame Bovary Ford, Ford Madox - The Good Soldier Goethe, Johann Wolfgang von - Faust Golding, William - Lord of the Flies Hardy, Thomas - Tess of the d'Urbervilles Hawthorne, Nathaniel - The Scarlet Letter Heller, Joseph - Catch 22 Hemingway, Ernest - A Farewell to Arms Homer - The Iliad Homer - The Odyssey Hugo, Victor - The Hunchback of Notre Dame Hurston, Zora Neale - Their Eyes Were Watching God Huxley, Aldous - Brave New World Ibsen, Henrik - A Doll's House James, Henry - The Portrait of a Lady James, Henry - The Turn of the Screw Joyce, James - A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man Kafka, Franz - The Metamorphosis Kingston, Maxine Hong - The Woman Warrior Lee, Harper - To Kill a Mockingbird Lewis, Sinclair - Babbitt London, Jack - The Call of the Wild Mann, Thomas - The Magic Mountain Marquez, Gabriel Garcia- One Hundred Years of Solitude Melville, Herman - Bartleby the Scrivener Melville, Herman - Moby Dick Miller, Arthur - The Crucible Morrison, Toni - Beloved O'Connor, Flannery - A Good Man is Hard to Find O'Neill, Eugene - Long Day's Journey into Night Orwell, George - Animal Farm Pasternak, Boris - Doctor Zhivago Plath, Sylvia - The Bell Jar Poe, Edgar Allan - Selected Tales Proust, Marcel - Swann's Way Pynchon, Thomas - The Crying of Lot 49 Remarque, Erich Maria - All Quiet on the Western Front Rostand, Edmond - Cyrano de Bergerac Roth, Henry - Call It Sleep Salinger, J.D. - The Catcher in the Rye Shakespeare, William - Hamlet Shakespeare, William - Macbeth Shakespeare, William - A Midsummer Night's Dream Shakespeare, William - Romeo and Juliet Shaw, George Bernard - Pygmalion Shelley, Mary - Frankenstein Silko, Leslie Marmon - Ceremony Solzhenitsyn, Alexander - One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich Sophocles - Antigone Sophocles - Oedipus Rex Steinbeck, John - The Grapes of Wrath Stevenson, Robert Louis - Treasure Island Stowe, Harriet Beecher - Uncle Tom's Cabin Swift, Jonathan - Gulliver's Travels Thackeray, William - Vanity Fair Thoreau, Henry David - Walden Tolstoy, Leo - War and Peace Turgenev, Ivan - Fathers and Sons Twain, Mark - The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Voltaire - Candide Vonnegut, Kurt Jr. - Slaughterhouse-Five Walker, Alice - The Color Purple Wharton, Edith - The House of Mirth Welty, Eudora - Collected Stories Whitman, Walt - Leaves of Grass Wilde, Oscar - The Picture of Dorian Gray Williams, Tennessee - The Glass Menagerie Woolf, Virginia - To the Lighthouse Wright, Richard - Native Son

 Haha, I'm a tool. Just today, Kat and I went to Big Apple Bagels to grab a quick lunch before we both headed off to work (yes, working on a Saturday). I ordered my usual, a Roma Italian sub and a 32oz Diet Coke. We were both a bit tired today but I believe I was the one with worse coordiation. While reaching for my drink, I slightly nudged it. Thinking I was about to knock it off the table, I made a quick grab for it, hoping to save it. Instead, I increased the drinks velocity and redirected its destination vector directly toward Kat. Needless to say, I absolutely drenched her in 32oz of Diet Coke. Thankfully, she wasn't too upset. I tried to clean up as best I could, but she was basically covered and nothing could be done. We quickly finished our meal outside and then went home. Minus 50 points for me (for the obvious) and plus 50 points for her (or not freaking out).

 Found on Fark! urlLink retroCRUSH: The 50 Coolest Song Parts : I don't agree with many of the selections (either that or it's just hard to tell from the much-needed but low quality MP3 clips they give you) but over all this is a pretty cool list with some of my favorites. Favorites include anything by Queen, The Who and Heart.

 urlLink What was Number 1 on the day you were born???? : I remember seeing this site years ago but I don't think I ever blogged it. Here are some songs: Mine: Magic by Olivia Newton-John Kat's: Pop Muzik by M Jenn's: Funkytown by Lipps, Inc. (bwahahaha) Just for kicks, the song 9 months before my birthdate was No More Tears (Enough is Enough) by Barbra Streisand and Donna Summer. Hmm, not sure what to make of that one.

 Oh, BTW, my gallery is hosed. I'm not exactly sure when it happened or what happened, but it's hosed. I tried to upload some pictures last night and my upload tool kept crashing. I tried to add the pictures through the normal web interface and that was having some problems. When I couldn't delete some albums, that's when I knew it was completely messed up. Even upgrading over the existing installation didn't help. Looks like I get to rebuild it from scratch this weekend! Yay!

 When you drive to work and get out of your car and then ask yourself "Am I wearing underwear?", you know it's going to be a good day.

 Why the hell did urlLink The Berry Zone have to pick the exact same Blogger template as me? I mean, come on, dude already stole my first name, he doesn't have to be lazy and steal the same damn template! No matter, it's all love.

 Hmm, power to weight ratios, one of the most important aspects of any car. The Focus only has 130 HP but it only weighs 2551 pounds and has 135 ft-lbs. The Camaro, on the other hand has only 140 HP and weighs 3103 pounds but has 180 ft-lbs. A few calculations later give 19.62 pounds-per-HP and 18.90 pounds-per-ft-lb for the Focus and 22.16 pounds-per-HP and 17.24 pounds-per-ft-lb for the Camaro. The Focus is faster than the Camaro but the Camaro has better low-end acceleration? Weird.

 Now that Russell is moving out and I do not have a roommate yet, my rent goes from $672.50 a month to $1570 a month! I get to pay $95 a month for the right to a second parking space when I do find a roommate. I also get the fun of trying to find said roommate which is becoming harder than I expected. Thanks!

 All of the second round of GMail invites are gone! Try urlLink Gmail Swap .

 Nothing quite like slogging through an array of websites to find out the recommended fuel for your new crappy car. Considering that the car was produced in 1992, trying to find information about it online is interesting. Most of the sites that have info are either all-encompasing sites that cover a certain aspect of all cars (safety info, for example), or they are some enthusiast site just for that car or type of car (thus a third generation Camaro). I finally found that my base V6 engine only requires regular unleaded fuel. I know the Chevy used to have a 4-cyl Camaro and that would obviously take regular so I figured it was possible that the V6 was mapped for midgrade (89 octane). Nope, just 87 octane.

 Nothing quite like slogging through an array of websites to find out the recommended fuel for your new crappy car. Considering that the car was produced in 1992, trying to find information about it online is interesting. Most of the sites that have info are either all-encompasing sites that cover a certain aspect of all cars (safety info, for example), or they are some enthusiast site just for that car or type of car (thus a third generation Camaro). I finally found that my base V6 engine only requires regular unleaded fuel. I know the Chevy used to have a 4-cyl Camaro and that would obviously take regular so I figured it was possible that the V6 was mapped for midgrade (89 octane). Nope, just 87 octane.

 Who wants urlLink GMail ? I have two more invites (I had three, but Sokol already grabbed one).

 urlLink Cop was killed for his gun, authorities say : This sort of sounds like a movie plot; Ex-marine, Gulf War veteran, stalks/hunts down police officers until he finds a vulnerable one, marine hops out of Camaro and applies a shotgun blast to the head of the cop, steals cop's gun. What happens next?!

 Well, my gallery is officially dead. I'm in the process of rebuilding it. Anyway... Religion is just a meme in the minds of many. The mind is comprised of a collection of neurons with some capabiilty of memory and higher processing. The neurons are a physical entity that is controlled by chemicals and electrical pulses. Viruses can have an affect on chemicals and chemical processes. Why can't someone just create a virus to destroy religion? Would it really be that hard? Please?

 As a kid, I absolutely hated a warm pillow. I would have difficulty falling asleep because by the time I had rested enough to almost fall asleep, the heat of my pillow would annoy me and wake me up. I would either flip the pillow or sleep on the other end. In other words, the average pillow had four sectors. By the time I was done with all four, the original sector had probably cooled down to normal and I could switch to it. I remember being awake for at least an extra hour some nights because of this. I no longer have this problem, otherwise I would run out and buy the urlLink Chillow ! A small, flat but otherwise pillow-shaped insert, the Chillow acts as a heatsink and radiator. It makes one side cold and one side a bit warm. The warmth is absorbed by the pillow proper and dissipated leaving the surface nice and chilly. Hell, I might buy one anyway!

 urlLink I AM THE PHANTOM SHITTER : "Good luck, the next round will be worse, and I've started drinking Metamucil. "

 Woohoo, three more GMail invites! I think I might want to try gmailswap soon as the invites seem to be increasing in number.

 I had a possible roommate check out the apartment last night. I cannot ascertain for certain, but I think we might be a good match. I really hope so, simply because I've had no other leads!

 Car update: I'm getting better at the manual seeing as I haven't stalled yet today (a first!). I've had some compliments including about the exhaust note. I'm happy. I'm really started to get used to the upgraded audio. The bass response is pretty cool and there is a fairly slick steering column (not steering wheel) based audio controller. I will probably take a picture of it when I do a full photoshoot later. Basically, it is stalk sticking out from the lower left area of the steering column. It has a two-way switch for station seeking (while in radio mode) and track seeking (for CD mode), two buttons for volume control and a single button for mode which will switch between presets for radio mode and will switch CDs for CD mode. I'm getting used to using it.

 Yesterday was my one year anniversary at Microsoft! Following standard procedure, I brought in a pound of M&Ms. Against standard procedure, I actually brought in a pound of M&Ms in three different flavors (plain, peanut and crispy (which is crispy in the sense of Nestle Crunch bars: crisped rice)). It feels fairly odd that I've already been here for a year. I've done so much, but it also seems like I could have accomplished more. I shouldn't really complain, there are others that started around the same time I did that haven't done much at all. There are actually a few people that have started recently (one started two years ago and two others started a year ago) that are leaving the company. One is getting married, another is going to school and another is starting a company. It should be publicly known, but Microsoft is reducing their benefits. It just looks like there isn't enough to keep people around anymore.

 Oh man, this urlLink game is almost as addictive as penguin baseball. You try to toss paper into a waste basket, simple enough.

 Jeff took a look at my comparison post and asked about the units for the slalom course. I knew it was MPH but Jeff reasoned that time through the course might be a better value to track. I figured that average speed was used because different cars will have different acceleration rates, times through the course, speeds and more. Just using time might be a better indication of cornering ability and power, not just cornering ability. Anyway, I found this in one of my Motor Trend articles: Just drive around the cones as fast as your can, right? Yes-and no. Try cracking off six perfect, consecutive, emergency lane-changes at freeway speeds (some well above) with a margin of error at less than one inch. Sure, this sound challenging until one realizes each cone arrives at less than a one second interval-the whole thing takes less than six seconds in these vehicles. This is one test that best reveals a car's evil side. A propensity to push, get loose, or even spin is ever more apparent while all four ties are howling at, in some cases, 80 MPH. That's right, the speeds listed above are timed averages between the entry and exit markers along the 600-foot course-not how fast the car is actually traveling along its curvy line, which is, in fact, much faster.

 As you can tell from my last post, I have a new car! Well, almost new. Let me tell the story. About this time last year, I was car shopping. I had almost signed on an Evo when better judgment told me to go with something cheaper to start. Also, 271 HP is a bit much for someone that had never driven a manual before. I decided to use my grandfathers Ford discount and just pick up a Focus. It had decent looks and handling and the interior was fairly accomodating. I have yet to find nicer seats (not even in the SVT). While I was trying to pick out the Focus I wanted, the sales person I was working with kept mentioning the SVT. When we finally went out to the dealer lot to grab an automatic ZX3 for a test drive, we had to pass over at least five SVTs to find a single ZX3. Obviously the cars were not selling well. I bought the Camaro about two months ago and I've only put about 200 miles on it. I wasn't getting any better at the manual, so I just stopped trying. I'm always looking at car forums when the SVT was mentioned. I cannot remember the context but someone was praising it on a Subaru forum. A car has to be at least moderately respectable for someone entrenched in another manufacturer's camp to praise it. Just on a whim, I decided to look up new/used SVTs in the area. The only one I could find was a 2004 model with about 940 miles on it. I figured that had to be a typo for 9,400 so I figured I'd email the dealer. Nope, not a typo. An older gentleman traded in a SVT Lightning for an SVT Focus and then decided it seemed too young for him. He returned it 3 weeks later. They gave me an overnight test drive and I decided this is what my car should have been all along. Tighter (but not punishing) suspension, better brakes, better looks, better acceleration and an amazing transmission. Going to this car from the Camaro is very eye-opening. The Getrag trans is just a thing of beauty. I think the only better transmission out there for under $35k is in the S2000. The dealership first put the car on the market at $19,995 (or just about what the car cost new) and that didn't fly. The salesperson also offered me only $7,500 for the ZX3 and an interest rate of 7.49%. Given those numbers, my monthly payment would have been $677.17! The price of the car was talked down to $17,500 then $16,900 and finally $16,500. The trade in on the ZX3 was brought up to $7,750 then $8,000 then $8,500. The APR was brought down to 6.49%. After the trade-in, loan payoff (of the ZX3), license, document fees (yeah WTF), taxes and $1,000 down, I had to finance $17,238.75. With an APR of 6.49%, my monthly payment will only be $528.27. The more I drive this car, the more I love it. I am not quite used to the 6-speed but I've had multiple people tell me I'm much smoother in the SVT than in the Camaro. That is just a put-down in disguise but I'll take it anyway!

 Car Owner HP 0-60 1/4 mile 600 ft slalom 60-0 braking SVT Focus Mike 170 7.4 15.4 66.8 119

 Remeber how I said I almost bought an Evo? Looks like it was a good cal! All the bad news about Mitsu has caused their sales to plummet almost urlLink FIFTY PERCENT this month and 27% for the year. Yikes. Adios, muchachos.

 Woohoo, the MPx220 is now officially on Motos website! Here is the urlLink press release and here are urlLink pictures .

 Ok, now that I have a semi-respectible car, I'm thinking about taking it autocrossing. Let me explain in case you have never heard of autocrossing. Basically, a tight and twisty course is constructed of cones in a large parking lot. You rarely go over 60 MPH so this is not a high speed sport. It focuses on cornering and smooth driving. I'm definitely not good enough with the manual to consider doing it this year but I plan on checking out a few events so that I know what to expect next summer. Anyway, check out some of these urlLink course maps and you'll get a better idea.

 Haha, I love this. Posting to blogger on my laptop that is connected to my Smartphone through Bluetooth while the Smartphone has internet access through GPRS. Isn't technology wonderful?

 So little time or energy to post! Suppa happy fun bullets are all you get. Kat and I didn't do much this Fourth of July weekend. We both had difficult weeks (especially the night where I left work at 12:45 AM and then was up for the next day before 7 AM) so we just took it easy. Her parents backyard overlooks much of Seattle so we were able to see four different fireworks displays at once (Elliot Bay, Gasworks, Yarrow Bay and Kirkland). Tonight was the second game of the summer FloorBurn season. I'm captain already and I've already made a mistake. I didn't inform everyone we had a game this week (assuming that the manager would take care of that like last season) and only 4 people showed up. A couple people subbed for us and we ended up winning 3-1! I almost had a hat trick but the pass I got right in front of the goal was actually about to go into the goal so I just let it go by! I've spent about eight hours working on my yearly review for Microsoft and I'm only about a third of the way completed. It is important but not that important. I just want a fatty raise so I can afford my new car and my $1,570/month rent. This happened two weekends ago, but Eric of Jenn&Eric fame was in town so Kat, Eric and I grabbed some dinner and dessert. We had a good time, but it didn't last long enough. I had an early morning appointment so I had to call the night around 9 PM. The new car is still super sweet. To measure how sweet it is, I picked up a urlLink G-Tech Performance Meter Pro . I haven't had a chance to try it out yet. Well, I haven't had a piece of flat, dry, non-cop-infested road to really wring out the car and measure with it yet. In time. While the car is still super sweet, the oh-so-smooth shifter is becoming less smooth. There is some hesitation as the shifter returns to neutral on the way to the next gear. It almost seems like the linkage is jammed. Oh well, it should work itself out in time otherwise it is going to the dealer! I didn't drive this car hard at all yet and I haven't had a gear grind nor have I missed a shift. If there is a problem, it wasn't my fault. I've been playing a ton of GT3 lately, now that Russ has moved out. I can play the really long races or long sets of races and just leave the PS2 running while I go to work. I can play a bit, do something else then go back to an unmolested PS2. I've already won an F1 car so now it's basically a game of "How many times can I pass everyone before I win!". I love that game.

 Just in case I decide to care about this crap later, my car is #761 out of 1978 built and was built on 07Jan2004.

 I've removed the links to my Gallery as I haven't had time to repopulate it since it was destroyed. I have added a new album though! urlLink SVT Focus 07.11.2004 Jeff complained that I used a Microsoft building as my background and not Mt. Rainier. I knew that this parking garage would be in full sunlight and completely open. I can take pictures just about wherever I want and he's a negative fuck anyway!

 Now that I have the SVT Focus, I've put the Camaro up for sale. I have so far only posted it in the Microsoft classifieds but anyone in the Puget Sound area can take a look at these. I put the car up two weeks ago and I got a phone call last Wednesday: Her: I'm calling about the Camaro. Me: Ok, it's still available. Her: Can I come see it? Me: Sure, when works for you. Her: How about this weekend? Me: Ok, when? Her: Oh, I don't know, lunchtime? At this point, I got a little bit frustrated. I dont want to hear "lunchtime", I want a specific time and date. Anyway, I finally got her to decide on Saturday at noon. She calls me Friday morning (a call I missed since I was in the parking garage) and says that she can't do it on Saturday and that Sunday at 5 PM would work better. Ok, that is fine. I get a voicemail Sunday at roughly 4 PM to say she can't make it at 5 PM and would Monday work. I call her back, no answer, so I left a voicemail saying that Monday would be fine if she would please tell me a specific time. She emails me this morning to say that either 6 or 7 PM would work. I told her to give me a specific time and if she was going to change that time to tell me by 2 PM. She writes back, saying 7 PM would be fine. Here we are, 5:30 PM and she calls: Her: Hi Mike, I just wanted to see if we could meet earlier. Me: Well, we decided on 7 PM. Her: I know, but I was wondering if we could meet at 6 or 6:30 PM. Me: I already said that I would need to know by 2 PM if you were going to change the time. Her: I know, I was just wondering if you could get off work early. Me: No, but 7 PM works for me. Her: Ok. Me: (Cutting her off) Bye. ::CLICK:: Holy cow. I bet you $100 that she is going to show up 15 minutes late and then not know how to drive a manual transmission. Just wait. UPDATE: She can't drive a manual! But, this is a car for her (I think) younger brother so I will give her a little slack.

 Sigh, I hate moving. Russ gave me not quite enough notice to find a roommate so I'm moving out. I even paid the entire rent plus the month-to-month penalty plus the extra parking spot for a month hoping I would find someone. No such luck. Katherine has graciously offered living with her for a short while until I find someone else to room with. I am going to move the majority of my stuff into a storage unit and move the necessities over to her townhome. Actually, I've already moved most of my hanged clothes and shoes. Over the weekend, I hope to pack up everything so that I can get a mover next week to bring it all to a storage unit. No way am I going to try to move my couch, queen bed, bookshelves et cetera by myself. The real kicker here is that I didn't give my apartment enough notice that I was leaving. When I went from the year lease to a month-to-month lease, they never said anything about a "twenty day notice". On a month-to-month, that's a huge amount of notice! I wanted to move out at the end of July but they are so graciously allowing me to pay $1470 for all of August. They said that if someone moves into the apartment, they will pro-rate the amount and pay me back. I somehow doubt that is going to happen! Sigh.

 Ok, really weird dream. Here are some of the highlights: Set in a time where USA and the Soviet Union are at a full-on war. The first part of the dream sees me running across an American battlefield, trying to avoid bullets, mines, bombs, missiles and just about every other type of munition. I saw a very large passenger jet, presumably American, get hit by a missle and then crash into the sea. This jet was filled with Olympic athletes. At this point, the dream becomes more of a movie and I am delegated to observer status. A rag-tag group of Americans decide that the only way to stop the Soviet Union is to infiltrate their country and kill their leader. The group of Americans consist of a female Olympic judge, a 12-year-old girl and an older guy that looks like James Earl Jones. This group has to train to be able to infiltrate the country. Instead of learning military techniques, they learn how to train water snakes. I don't remember how, but all of a sudden the entire group is in the heart of the Soviet Union. The unnamed leader is hiding out in a rural town in a boarding house. The little girl sneaks upstairs, undetected, to find the leader sleeping amongst 15 other people from the town. The girl places a rag of some sort of chemical over the leaders mouth, knocking him out. Instead of just killing him, the girl saws off his head with a dull machete and puts it into a burlap bag. No one has yet noticed anything has happened. She sneaks downstairs and runs outside. Just as she joins the rest of her group hiding behind a bush outside, there is a sound much like the sharpening of a machete. From an open window upstairs, the now-dead body of the leader with a ghostly head starts to appear in the window. At first, it's safe to assume he is about to brandish a machete when instead he pulls out a .50 cal machine gun (the type that is normally truck mounted). Before he can fire, the James Earl Jones character grabs a gun from the ground and sprays the leader with bullets. The end.

 Quick post again. I went to a RallyCross on Sunday ( urlLink pictures ).&nbsp; It was fairly interesting, but I'm not subjecting my only car to that treatment.&nbsp; Today I got my new Microsoft Prime card (discount card for restaurants, hotels, etc).&nbsp; The old design was fairly metrosexual (polka dots and all) but the new one takes the cake! urlLink

 urlLink Motorola Mediacenter - Press Releases : Ok, the MPx-220 has been officially announced, again.

 urlLink Department of Licensing - Personalized Plate Query : Just in case someone wants to check if a WA personalized plate is available.

