 "I've found that, instead of glorifying the ultimate creative one, Christian radio more often glorifies the problem of lazy songwriting."- urlLink Jason Killingsworth .

 Phone People are Fun As it turns out I don't feel like writing what I said I would write today. I'm blogging to share with you an enchanting phone conversation I had with a lady from MCI. phone rings I answer, but no one is there. I figure it must be one of those computer connected calls. Me: Hello, Hellooo... MCI Lady: Hi, Can I speak to Chase? Me: This is me. MCI Lady: Hi, I'm with MCI, eh the phone company (that she felt the need to clarify annoyed me) MCI Lady: We're calling because our new rate is 5 cent a minute and your number is elligible for 50% off. Me: Oh well, I don't use long distance anymore. I just use phone cards. They're a lot cheaper than phone companies could ever be. MCI Lady: (ignoring everything I just said) We'll let's see if we can work you into a plan today. Me: I don't have any family. MCI Lady: Oh...(continuing) Me: I don't know anybody outside of this town. MCI Lady: (hurriedly) Well, if anything ever changes let us know. click Now I feel bad. I didn't even get to say goodbye.

 National Shaving Day So, this dump is a year old today. Yesterday I thought about throwing in the towel. I got to thinking maybe this gig isn't for me anymore. Plus, I thought it would be classy to hang it up on the anniversary. I don't know about you, but even having the idea surprised me. But I'll stay. For now. I shaved today. Drastic changes seem rather appealing to me lately. I want to do what Elvis Costello said and "cut off all identifying labels." Tomorrow I shall return and explain to you my current mode of thought. You could hold your breathe but its not worth the energy. See where it all started, urlLink Shave and a Haircut .

 Hell, or Something Like It name and number message at the tone drop a line if you find time a postcard would do fine x's and o's the way that it goes drifting merrily merrily merrily down the deep dark river death. broken souls drown again again splinter in my skin see yourself yesterday catch an eye full of that see yourself yesterday reminisce on regret drifting merrily merrily merrily down the deep dark river death. bloody water floating be sure to wave as the waves take you under again there's no learning to swim or to fly. but you stop to say "hi" bearing a smile, and an uncanny resemblance of my long dead uncle.

 A Good and Perfect Gift Today I attended a leadership conference at school and won the doorprize, urlLink The Expositor's Bible Commentary on CD-Rom . And suddenly everyone wants to be my friend. Hehe. Walter said I was lucky and I replied, "blessed, Walter, blessed." He kidded, "So it was God's will?" I answered, "Yes, definetly. He saw that I was the most ignorant person in the room and decided 'I'm going to give him this.'" So much for Santa.

 Where Faithfulness is Most Important I meant with all my heart that I would blog as prolifically as I ever had before, but I can't do it. I asked Donna how I used to pull it off, and she said because it was all I did. In January I rarely even made attempt to write, but this month I've sat staring at this screen daily trying to resolve the issue of what to write. It's not that I have nothing to say. Nor is it that I can't disclose the details of my life. Maybe it really is as simple as this: I do more than blog now. I'm attempting to be responsible. At present time I am swamped with work. I got behind in the first couple weeks and now have made monstrous steps to recover. I am almost there. Perhaps when I reach that great mountain top of victory the view will result in much to tell you, and the energy to tell. Perhaps. Your comments were encouraging. Thank you. A few nights ago as I laid me down to sleep, weary from the day, I wrote in my notebook, "I absolutely refuse to go on like this." I was too tired to pray or even think. This was my attempt to spend some time with the Father. And what a weak attempt it was. I wrote that line looking around my room, cluttered so horribly some would call it trashed. I thought for a moment and it occured to me this room reflected the way I've been going at life. I meant what I wrote. That was probably the most sincere prayer I had prayed in awhile. I wanted God to change me. Time and again He's offered redemption and usually I waltz away, but now I absolutely refuse to move save He moves me. He has been. I'm not declaring a new repentance, in the sense that I've been completely deaf to His call and totally absent of change. He's transformed me, especially this past year. I think repentance is ongoing. Not to say that we perpetually repent from the same specific sins when in reality we've no heart to change them, but instead that perpetually we are being humbled in light of who He is. Last night at church I wrote this, "I need faithfulness, not just to church. Could this be the year that I begin to show faithfulness? That would be my resolution: to become so faithful that even I see it and believe. What have I been doing? Denying God and floating merrily down the stream. I go with the flow in the worst way. One of my favorite questions is, "What would you change if you could?' This time last year my answer to that was for Donna and I to be together and in hamony. (Despite me, God has worked this out and I find our relationship to be more edifying all the time.) This year my request is to be together and in harmony with Christ. I've been getting somewhere but all in all it feels like a treadmill. I've made myself out to be the guy in the ditch from the parable of the good samaritan. Here I am, all I have is salvation, and yet I lay in the ditch like I got nothing, no one. This is the great denial. I'm so fake. My best attempts to be 'real' consist of me portraying spiritual struggles. What's more fake than that? I usually don't struggle. I give in. I give up. That's what I'm good at." This morning Dr. Cunningham made yet another convicting point. He said that if a person is not regularly absorbing the word of God they are susceptible to hidden sins. This illicits from me response. I must move. There must be action. I have to take this seriously. Quiet times shouldn't be so quiet and daily devotionals shouldn't serve the mere purpose of showing devotion. It is essential. And that's where faithfulness comes in. I've decided to minimize my internet time down to two hours a day, which is a major decrease. My time online is my biggest faux paus of time management. With the extra time I can be more faithful, where faithfulness is most important. Also, with this addition of hours, I will be reading urlLink "The Baker Encyclopedia of Christian Apologetics" . That's 704 pages of fun and excitement! Anyway, that's all I got for you now.

 Stress Why is it that I can pawn years of laziness off as effort, making even decent grades, and now that I care and am actually working hard it seems as though I've already collapsed? At some point I decided that school was not worth the stress. That point was high school. I could read well, but I've always been slow at it because of various vision problems. I'm not asking for pity of any kind, I've been blessed. All I'm getting at is this slowed me down. About the same time all my motivations began to crumble. The concept of grades for grades sake was something I did not appreciate. Anyone that did care about school seemed to only care in fear of consequence. I wasn't afraid of the penalties I could see. The worst thing for most was academic failure. Failure in who's eyes? Another idiot? Another human being struggling to balance a check book? It never added up for me. I saw no one worth impressing. My insight was slightly underdeveloped. I had it half right. There were no perfect people, but there was a perfect God. I knew that. I accepted Christ as my savior when I was 8. I was a tad bit inconsistent. That's all. I was off on the part about loving God with all my mind. We're supposed to do that. I've realized my flaw. I've been seeking change. For the first time in my life I'm taking action to get somewhere. It sure doesn't feel like I'm making any progress. My dad is a big football fan. He says he used to get so stressed out if his team lost that it felt like an elephant was standing on his chest. Even he'll admit that was pointless stress. I know stress can be a good thing. I know God uses it to keep me moving, and to challenge me. I must keep reminding myself of that. Right now, all I feel is stress, but what we feel doesn't usually make a difference in the reality. I keep having this nightmare that I fail all my classes. I fear that more than almost anything else lately. I think I'm more afraid of that than death, even a slow painful death. I must perservere. I must. I just wish the elephants would get off my chest.

 How Quickly We Forget Tonight I decided to log in on AIM under a screen name I haven't used in ages. When I started using a new name months ago I thought for sure that I had transferred buddy lists. Somehow some were left behind. I recognized most of the names and even remembered talking to a few of them a lot. I regretted having lost communication with these friends I had made. I messaged this guy unsure of who he was, hoping he would help jog my memory. It didn't exactly work that way. Neither of us knew who the other was. The result is one set of funny dialogue with me and a guy I hope to soon remember. I know I know him. Rjsdenial: hey pedro: who is this? Rjsdenial: Chase pedro: do i know you? Rjsdenial: ok, i'm pretty sure we used to chat a lot...but...i changed sn's...so I don't know who you are pedro: how'd you get my screenname then? Rjsdenial: ok, I signed into this sn which I hadn't used for several months...and there were some people i had forgotten to add to my new list Rjsdenial: i'm almost positive we've talked before pedro: oh ok. were you on moc at one time? Rjsdenial: moc? pedro: ok nevermind. pedro: are you in seattle? Rjsdenial: no pedro: I'm trying to refresh my brain Rjsdenial: Alabama pedro: hmm Rjsdenial: you? pedro: oh i think i know.. you wanted advice on making a saxophone webpage like 2 years ago right pedro: shoot i'm good. Rjsdenial: uh no pedro: crap. pedro: i seriously have no clue then. Rjsdenial: i like pedro the lion Rjsdenial: but i didn't know of them before pedro: anyway.. I'm at work right now. so i can't chat. sorry Rjsdenial: maybe we will figure this out later...sorry Rjsdenial: have a good night pedro: later

 Scum of the Universe Twice in the past week I've gotten a wad of gum stuck to my shoe. Who are these people who keep spitting their gum on the ground? Are they not aware that everyone in the world hates them for it? Well, I wouldn't go that far but it's annoying. I thought in college more of the people would try and be a little more than half-wits. Guess Not. The point is it isn't very nice. So please use the foil paper and keep litter in its place. If you can't find a trash can stick it in your ear for all I care, just don't throw it down.

 A Shot in the Arm my favorite song right now by Wilco from Summer Teeth The ashtray says You were up all night When you went to bed With your darkest mind Your pillow wept And covered your eyes And you finally slept While the sun caught fire You've changed We fell in love In the key of C We walked along Down by the sea You followed me down The neck to D And fell again Into the sea You changed Oh, you've changed Maybe all I need is a shot in the arm (x6) Something in my veins bloodier than blood (x3) The ashtray says You were up all night When you went to bed With your darkest mind You changed Oh, you've changed What you once were isn't what you want to be anymore (x4)

 Midweek Lullaby out of bed sleepy head you got a long day ahead of you pull the shade, face the day you got to get a jump on things you were born a year late and 10,000 dollars short and your debt just doubles with every credit report now is the time for catching up but you never will you want to get on top of things but your at the bottom of the hill remove that pillow from your eyes as the sun you too should rise get up and out retirement's an eternity away

 A New Direction There once was a time when I could be depended on to post daily. I always hoped that would become my reputation, but I got away from that in January. I once had the idea and dream of setting the record for the most consecutive days blogging. Maybe that record looms in my future, my far distant future. As for now I do not know, all I can say is I'm trying to get back into the swing of things. Last night I watched two movies, Man on the Moon and Finding Forrester . Both are more similar than one might imagine. Both lead characters contemplated the same basic question. Andy Kaufman asked who his jokes were for. William Forrester asked who he wrote for. Both seem to conclude that if they did what they did for anyone else it would not be genuine. That is not the case. It doesn't have to be one way or the other. To be more specific, writing is a form of communication. Ideally, blogging is a port from which ideas are generated and discussion is brewed. We don't talk just to hear ourselves talk. Neither, do we, at least most of us, write as means of putting oneself on a platform for all the world to see. "Look at me I can construct sentences." By the way, I would be careful about making that claim. There are far too many brilliant writers in the world for any one person to honestly feel that they are supremely great. Sure, maybe there are those who are truly gifted, heads and shoulders above all others. I am not one of them, nor do I feel that within my life I could even get close. Even if it seems the world is in agreement that you are the greatest to ever put words to paper, you ought to be humble enough to recognize that writing is not the chief good, nor is it the chief end of man. That my friend would be "to glorify God and enjoy Him forever." I plan to do just that, more and more with each day I'm given. For so long as this site is in operation I want to take you on that journey. This has been my hope all along. What I mean by "new direction" is not that the site will become a typical chronicling of my prayer life, complete with prayers and notes from bible study. I will however do that friom time to time. The new direction I'm taking is,in part, attempting to talk to you more often. I used to write here a lot more, some months I posted around 60 times. At some point inhibition crept in and nothing seemed good enough, that topped with my feeling that I didn't have much to say. This was a result of me losing discipline. Blogging keeps me accountable to both think and write. Writing is something I no doubt enjoy, but it is also a discipline. Writing is not something that naturally flows perfectly from one's veins. Everything could stand improvement. I have to take time with this if ever I want to improve. Thinking is no different. It is for these reasons that I want to get back into this. Thanks for all your visits, especially when I went days without a fresh post. Everytime I watch Finding Forrester I am made to want to sit down and write endlessly. I am reminded how much I already love it, but how much more I would love it were I more disciplined. The movie inspires me to delve deeper into creative writing. For once I am actually going to follow through on that inspiration. This is the new direction, in whole. I'm currently working on an essay called, "The Girl At the Table". Stick around.

 I'm having a difficult hair day. Jeff is going to show up half an hour ago . We are going to the flea market. Maybe I'll spend money I don't have. Maybe we'll pick you up a surprise. Question What's your favorite flavor of Blue Bell Ice Cream?

 The Sunlight Apologetic For over a week now I've been especially dazzled by the sun. One day I barely noticed it, the next I couldn't help but see and be amazed. The aspect that I particularly admired about the sun was that it covered over everything, emitting heat and light and creating shadows. Riding through the historic district of downtown Dothan I enjoyed how shadows contoured around buildings,trees and cars in traffic. I was awestruck equating the sunlight with how grace works, blanketing over everything. We don't have to ask the sun to work. We don't have to reach up and turn it on. God works much the same way, loving, protecting and providing for us despite ourselves. He doesn't wait for us to call Him God so that He can act accordingly, nor does He wait for us to love Him to love us. He loved us first. Some people live like there is no god. Its like a man standing, squinting in the sunlight, and yet denying that it even exists. If the sun stopped shining all life on earth would eventually die off. In the same way, without God's continual intervention all life would cease to be. If Christ had not come as a ransom for our sins we would also die spiritually. Without Christ there would be no eternal life, only eternal death. Some people can't see the Son of God for who He is. Their impression of Him is so distorted in fact that its the same thing as blindness. What makes anyone's impression of Him distorted? Sin. Sin is like smoke that clouds the sky and dims the sun. Everyone, Christian and non-Christian alike is guilty of this kind of spiritual pollution. We are called to stop playing with fire and repent. Salvation is simply seeing Jesus for who He is. After Salvation we must strive to clear the smoke from our eyes so that we can see more clearly. We must also strive to make clean the entire sky, so that others might see. Bringing Sight to sore eyes ought to be our mission. Are we so cruel that we leave the blind to cross the street alone? Without Jesus they have no hope, guide dog or even a cane.

 The Real Chase Challenge I suppose I have to write about urlLink you to get noticed. Just kidding. Really, that isn't what I've been concerned about. I care because I think blogs4God is one of the best blog tools to come around in awhile. If I can voice concerns that might help improve things, if only slightly, then I'm here to help. My intent was never to sit here and gripe. Maybe I didn't say it the best way, that is possible. I am a flawed human being, you know? For that I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to attack anyone. That wasn't even in my heart. I saw what I saw, and I called it that way. I've been wrong before. In fact, as far as this goes I would like to be wrong. I would like you to prove me wrong. I know you are all just as busy as the next blogger. Believe me, I understand. For this reason I say this, I'd like to write for blogs4God. I'm offering that. Whether or not you think I'm capable is a different story. If not me, find others. If writers are what you need, get more. That is The Real Chase Challenge. I'm sure there are at least a handful of others out there who would be up to this. I am. I'll be sending my cache to you this afternoon. Please whatever you do, don't misrepresent me. Don't make me out to be a punk kid starting trouble. Understand that I understand and am willing to help. Thank you.

 The Return of Cactus Jake Sitting in the cafeteria today I asked Jed to give me a topic to freewrite about. He said, "cactus" I began writing. This is the finished product: Hi! I'm Jake, Cactus Jake. Are you looking at my cactus? Don't even think of looking at my cactus. I know you dream of her. I know you are thirsty. I've watched you sweat for miles now and well, frankly you're boring me. Go find a mirage. Eat some sand. This is my cactus. I'm Cactus Jake and I'm not very nice. Have a nice day, you desert rat. This was fun. What else could I write about?

 Warning Tomorrow someone will fake their retirement from blogland. Within a year two other people will copy this, neglecting the fact that its an April Fools joke. This will wear the joke even further into the ground.

 Going Postal Tomorrow I'm taking some packages to the post office. I will ask the clerk her advice on taking the USPS exam, which specific tests I would take and what study guide she recommends. I see possibility and hope in this. I like to file things, maybe a job at the post office would be perfect.

 somewhere in the world he is digging his own grave offering his services,his dignity and grace.

 linkage Why does it seem that most bloggers are either staunch elitists or of those "everybody is my friend" types? What rules do you have for linkage? I think there should be some middle ground.

 Dreamers don't have eyelids I want time to slow down... just for a few days. I want this weekend to take a year. I don't mind talking in slow motion. I just would like a second to catch my breath. Is that allowed? I don't want the time to waste it. I don't want the time to sleep in. I want to do something great. For once, I'd like to tell my dreams when to end. The thing about dreams... is that they never allow you to close your eyes. I don't want a second to pause and wonder. I want to wonder as I continue to stroll along. I want to get out of this chair, well, if this is all I can write. Who can say redundant? I can. I do it all the time. This is no sense of emotion. I'm not capturing sensation. I want to see a rare flower bloom, even if that last only five seconds. Those seconds will last years. Now that I've caught my breath I think I'll retire for the night I hope this message makes sense to me in the morning I hope it isn't unintelligible jibberish.

 Sunrise with you. 365 days ago, give or take, I wrote urlLink Sunrise without You . Then I wouldn't confess the titles' meaning. Now I shall clue you in. It's been a long year here but let's retrace... There was this girl. She was as lovely as daylight. I was quite smitten by her, you might say. I once had quoted the movie and told her, "you make me want to be a better man." It was true, but actions scream compared to the lulled whisper of words. I wanted to be a better man, but wasn't. The fact that I wasn't made me even more miserable. It's not always so easy as deciding to change. I've always known that I am an imperfect man. This truth did not escape me even when I started to like her. I had seen many friends come and go, by necessity moving on down the road of life. I knew that after college even the best friends of the era would be forced to drive on. The memory of years gone by puzzled me. I never have been able to recall with accuracy who I used to be. I wanted someone to remember with. I had chased after the wind before, that only left me short of breath. My virtues of choice were persistence, patience and endurance. These would be my shining armor, but I was no knight. I kind of thought of myself as "one man come in the name of love." Still, I was but a lowly spit-on squire donned in rusty armor. My confidence was not in Christ. Instead, I placed it in my desire to be "knighted". Christ is our knight in shining armor. An end of ungrounded virtue is feeling pathetic and an overanxiousness. I was desperate to make her love me. I was so sickly desperate that even the genuine love I had usually seemed manifest only as pride. She couldn't see the love I had for her, not then. Even still, God blessed me with her friendship, her company, her love. So 365 days or so ago I asked her if she'd like to watch the sunrise with me. She wanted to. She loved the idea, but hated herself for loving it. She had always wanted someone who would want to do that. She didn't want me to be that someone, at least not when I mixed that with being a jerk. Still, she wanted to. The night before she asked if it would be okay if we didn't go see the sunrise. The events of the week had worn her down. That was the entire reason, but I didn't know. Nonetheless, I was hurt. I was too easily bruised back then. When she read my post it hurt her even more. She's wished ever since that she had gotten up and gone. I've wished I hadn't said what I said. However, what's past is past. I'm glad she forgave me. I am still an imperfect man. I am not her knight in shining armor and neither is she, mine. We are both damsels in distress waiting for our Perfector to perfect us in Him and to perfect our relationship in His sight. So today, as she had been wanting to do, we made last year right. We got up around 4:20 and headed toward the beach. Actually, we ran late and saw the sun rise before we got there. I reached across her as she drove and hung my camera out the window to capture as best I could the sky that was before us. I pulled my camera back inside and told her that she's beautiful. She pointed out how I just was looking at the sky, like how could I say that. I told her that she and the sunrise are the two most beautiful things to me. Donna, you know I meant that. Sunrise with you is a lot better than sunrise without you.

 Oh, Oscar! A few years ago Lauryn Hill lead the way in what was declared "the year of the woman" at the Grammy's. This type declaration is often made. This year was predicted to be "the year of the Latino." Being neither a prophet, nor the son of one, I made no proximation. But in review of this year's Oscar telecast I declare it "the year of the first time winner" Has anyone else noticed this? Of 24 awards all but four were in every way first time winners. What I mean by "in every way" is that of those 4 only one was to an individual person. The other three were to groups of people who had collaborated, as in sound editting. Most of these teams had only one person who had previously taken home an Academy Award. All four actor awards were given to newbies. This is especially rare. Even an honorary Oscar was given to Peter O'Toole, an actor who though nominated 7 times had never won. Also, a majority of the winners hadn't even been nominated before this year. The show was surprising. I even enjoyed Michael Moore's part, well because I got to hear him boo'ed off stage. I also enjoyed Steve Martin's joke that followed, "It was so sweet backstage, the teamsters were helping Michael Moore into the trunk of his limo." I don't mind that my predictions were way off. I like that the show wasn't as predictable as it has been before. The whole show inspires me more to want to write and to watch some of the nominated films. However, I'm especially annoyed that Scorsese did not win for Best Director. It would have also been his first win there. Maybe all these new winners is some monumental ushering out of "Old Hollywood." Maybe.

 Cluckin' Fillet As church let out yesterday it hit me. I wanted a Chik-fil-A sandwich for lunch. So Donna and I decided to eat there. When we arrived in the parking lot of the free standing unit I saw and remembered Chik-fil-A isn't open on Sundays. I knew this. It's pretty common knowledge. The fact had slipped our minds. Glancing across the street we saw the glorious presence of Hardee's (sarcasm mine). We'd settle. Donna asked if I'd like a chicken sandwich there instead. I told her that I had gotten my hopes up and that even while biting I'd be thinking of Chik-fil-A and would thus be disappointed. After entering and staring at the menu we moved toward the counter. Cashier: Would you like to try our chick' fillet sandwich? Me: (laughing) no. Me: I'll have two number 4's. Cashier: That'll be $9.53. transfer of funds order laid on tray Me: (to clarify, so not to seem rude) I laughed earlier because I had wanted a Chik-fil-A sandwich. I had forgotten that they were closed on Sunday. It was just funny. That's where I really wanted to go. Cashier laughed I turn with tray to the soda fountain Donna: Be sure to blog about how you told the girl at Hardee's that you really wanted Chik-fil-A. Me: (realizing how I still sounded) oh. The Frisco Burger was good as always, but deep down I was still hungry for that special chicken sandwich. So today Donna and I went to the one in the mall. Those sandwiches are so good. Chik-fil-a is by far my favorite fast food place. When leaving the mall we walked up and got refills. After Donna thanked her the girl said "my pleasure." I found that expression humorous. I said "it's almost like she's emphatically saying No, Thank You! Refills are my calling!'" I think its cool Chik-fil-A is closed on Sundays, I respect that. But it would be better if they'd leave a few bags of food out for whoever might drive up.

 Dreaming of Yoko Thursday night I dreamed that I met Yoko Ono in a grocery store. It wasn't like I was meeting a celebrity, but rather running into someone I regularly run into around town. Yoko: (she asked me a question) Me: Yes Ma'am Me: Is it okay if I say 'yes ma'am' to you? Yoko: Yes, very good. Me: I just want to show you respect. Yoko: (smiles) What is tomorrow? Me: I'm not sure but I think its Sunday. Yoko: The Lesser Day! Me: Oh. (speculating she said that because its the Sabbath and I almost tell her "I don't feel that way") Another night back in reality I was at the Waffle House. The waitress: Have I seen you somewhere before? Me: Yes, here. The waitress: Oh. You come in with that bald guy? Me: Sean? Yes. Today Claire, my 17 month old niece, said my name for the first time. That was neat.

 This is what it must be like to smoke. I'm not feeling as profoundly intense as I did yesterday. Ever so slightly the edge is worn down. I feel smooth like a cold beer. I just noticed this. It is nice to be calm amidst chaos. I credit neither alcohol nor tobacco, but God himself. I pray others would find comfort in Him. It is ironic that so many of us blame God for the falling tears, for the bruises that we wear and yet refuse to acknowledge Him in what goes right and in what does not go wrong. I haven't reverted back to escapism or apathy. My head is not stuck in sand. Neither has my depravity discovered a way to enjoy this war. I think it has to happen, so for that I am in support of the war. That doesn't mean I like it. Let's not pretend our world is almost utopia. Let's not blame Bush for the onset of this conflict and deny the events of history that have lead us here. For starters, we are in a fallen world. We are embracing the darkness of our hearts more and more with each breath that we inhale and yet God still offers grace and mercy. When will we recognize Him for all He is? When will we recognize that everything is coming up roses compared to what we deserve, forever death in hell? Let us not despair for He still offers redemption. Let us acknowledge God as our salvation. No one on either side of this will find peace apart from Him. Let us end the days of self-sufficiency. We mess everything up. His grace alone is sufficient to make things right and to calm us amidst chaos.

 Trite As war looms I feel with growing intensity as though I have nothing to say. I'm not sure that circumstance makes anything trivial but in either case I don't feel like saying much. Does it take this to show us what is really important? It seems so. Through all of this I have come to pray for our Lord's return. That is new for me. Only then will we have peace.

 Consider Doing This urlLink Join the Presidential Prayer Team. urlLink Adopt a troop to pray for daily.

 Liar King liar king arrogance rings true deep inside of you liar king I don't like your attitude why don't you get out of the room? I'm turning out your light shut up prince of darkness I see you want to fight. pack your lies and your things load into your non-existant car and drive as far as you can liar king now is time for boy to become man leave your lies and your toys behind and grow up I'll give you a hand.

 Go JoJo: My Top 27 Beatles Songs For four days, since Jeff and I made up our minds to do this, I've listened to the Beatles morning,noon and night. I hope that after all my hours of toil you have before you a list that accurately reflects what I like most about the Be-at-les. Of course, I will never be satisfied with this list. Please urlLink give Jeffs a look . His countless hours should be rewarded, besides he's been a fan longer than me. Without further mumbling... 27. Help! 26. For No One 25. Nowhere Man 24. Honey Pie 23. Strawberry Fields Forever 22. Got to Get you into My Life 21. Paperback Writer 20. Hey Jude 19. You've Got to Hide your Love Away 18. Something 17. A Day in the Life 16. Good Day Sunshine 15. Golden Slumbers 14. I am the Walrus 13. Don't Pass Me By 12. Back in the USSR 11. Let It Be 10. She Said She Said 9. Taxman 8. Yesterday 7. Revolution 6. You Never Give Me Your Money 5. In My Life 4. Here Comes the Sun 3. Ob-la-di,Ob-la-da 2. Cry Baby Cry and... 1. I've Got A Feeling Well, that's it. Thanks for staying up with us.

 God's Lemonade Stand Our dear Old Testament professor, Dr. Lee was out Thursday. He had surgery on his leg; the doctors cut out mass that was said to be about the size of a large bird egg. And amazingly enough he was back in the saddle on Friday. He wasn't back because he was completely better; he was still in great pain. It was hard to watch him. Beyond the surface pain Dr. Lee's eyes held an ocean of joy. He didn't return because everything was all better, but instead because that's just how dedicated he is. His dedication encourages me. Hes not like this so that people will admire his shining attendance record. His fierce dedication is not to people but to the same YHWH God he teaches us about. Through Christianity we can have an intimate relationship with God, whereas most religions tell only of a distant god who we can never really know, only seek without promise. Dr. Lee's example causes me to redefine "intimate" and to re-evaluate the relationship I have with God. I want more God and less me. His words were wise, "Even at our worst we are richly blessed." As Paul said we are to be content in all situations. Any fool can find complaint if he so desires; it takes wisdom to find joy in suffering. The wise are grateful. Don't get stuck in mundanity. Release from day-to-day life and the trials we face is not an aspect of redemption we experience on earth. Instead, the ability to know there is more than what we see and experience here is such an aspect. Let us be grateful for our redemption. Let us seek the wisdom it takes to be joyful. We can't find that calm assurance through pure reason or self-determination. To find joy we must seek God. When life seems like lemons and you can't muster the strength to make lemonade, remember in all times we must rely on God's strength. I have often been ungrateful and unaware of God. You can't deny it. You have also done the same, quite often in fact. When times are so hard you get to thinking you're cursed ask yourself these questions: Does your suffering compare to that of Job? His servants were slain. His sheep were burnt up. His camels were stolen. His sons and daughters were killed. Boils covered him head to toe. His wife and close friends were not encouraging. They said Job's suffering must be his own fault and that He should curse God. Does your suffering compare to that of Jesus? His family and those closest to him often doubted and even denied him. His hometown rejected Him. He received punishment unjustly. That punishment included a crown of thorns, being beaten with a cat-o-nine tails, the plucking of his beard and crucifixion. His clothes were auctioned off. He was mocked and has continued to be mocked even to this day. Even if you can answer affirmatively on either (and I don't believe you can) then still consider this: Job did not blame God for his suffering. In fact, in response to suffering Job fell down and worshipped God. So shall we. If anyone has ever had a right to defend themselves Jesus did. Yet, He was silent while being persecuted. Our suffering pales in comparison. Remember that next time you want to grovel or think for one second that you got it bad or deserve better. Indeed, we are richly blessed far beyond what we deserve. You'll never hear me say that Christians are supposed to be happy shiny people. Suffering is very real and no one should pretend it does not exist. The essential difference between happiness and joy is that happiness is related to external circumstances and joy is founded in Eternal God. God blesses us with many occasions during which we can be deeply and genuinely happy, but comparatively those opportunities are much fewer and farther between than the opportunities we have to find joy. Joy is a lot deeper. As noted before one aspect of redemption is the ability to see beyond external circumstance to see eternal promise. Thats joy in a nutshell. Now lets think about Noah. God asked him to build the ark. For obeying Noah faced intense persecution and scrutiny. Looking back we know that God wasnt just setting Noah up to be the butt of the joke. God had a greater purpose. For one, through persecution Noah realized his dire unending need and ever-growing love for God. Noah had eyes to see. He saw more than a flood. He saw God exalted. All that the unredeemed could see was a crazy loon building a boat where there was no body of water. When the floods came all they could see was that they were drowning. Suffering is an undeniable fact of life for the Christian and the non-Christian. To a great degree, the same things cause suffering in both Christian and non-Christian. The type of sorrow, however, is different. The single result of worldly sorrow is pain; perpetually the heart is broken with no hope of repair. Godly sorrow heals the broken heart, improves ones vision of God and enables one to better minister to others. We who know Christ as our Redeemer and Great Physician should extend his healing to the world. God is like a great lemonade maker. We dirty sinners are like lemons. Once his grace and righteousness are imparted on our lives God uses us to bring drink to the thirsty. Often we face severe suffering. This is like the lemon being squeezed. This is the most painful, yet most fulfilling part. He squeezes us and we give all we got and lose what we dont need. Through this He makes us pure. While man may drink this it is God who drinks and is most satisfied. Take your grief to God in prayer. Be blatantly honest about it, He knows anyway. Seek a godly perspective in whatever situation you find yourself in. Above all, seek God for through Him you will find joy.

 Yesterday I realized and told Donna that she has "all the good qualities of every girl I ever liked." Again, I must say I am truly blessed.

 Boy Cried "Sheep" No longer am I "Captain Duct Tape" trapsing around in those silly shoes. My shoes don't need duct tape, I can work with them like this. The sole and the actual shoe are separated a good bit at the front end. Shoe Goo didn't do the job. Last night after magically arriving at the Movie Gallery Outlet I decided to browse through and get some movies. I walked out with 6 new additions to my collection. And they are: Courage Under Fire Hero Joe the King The Newton Boys Pushing Tin Snow Falling on Cedars Yay for cheap movies and late fees!

 Dave Chapel I was walking across campus after classes this morning. The plan was to come back and get to work on a handful of assignments. While crossing campus Mr. Mac, our resident Math teacher, greeted me. Mr. Mac is a jolly old man. We here in Graceville have agreed he is reminiscent of either a stout Santa or an American Connery. He said, "You're going the wrong way." Not really thinking I asked, "Which way is right?" He said "to chapel." This statement was followed by a chuckle. He asked if I would come here him speak. I inquired "You're preaching?" He said "no, just speaking" to which I assume he meant he was giving the call to worship or something. Anyway as I continued across campus I noticed everyone heading toward chapel. I sang a little song as I went, "going against the grain, going against the grain..." I think I'm back to my old poetic self. What I mean by that is I can write as frequently as I used to. In honor of this I'm declaring my own March madness. We shall call it, "30 poems in 30 days" I'll try to write one a day, but that will be more give and take. Nevertheless, the goal is thirty poems for the month. In addition I've re-established an old goal. I will post something new daily and it won't be all poems. So yeah... Be happy or else...

 ...a cop is a cop is a cop... I'm just a cop out waiting to happen. I am horrible excuses. I am a reasonable human being dilluted to free blood and I won't donate. you're just a cop out and about waiting to catch me red handed for your own guilty pleasure to prove my guilt beyond your ability to measure crime and punishment are understandable but we're still playing good cop/bad cop I never have understood your innocence fable but who's counting anyway?

 Astrology Lesson So the dark, it passed. I stopped for gas and got chips and a drink while inside. I reflected upon my life in the corner concave glass. Soon after I became a passenger again as always. Back in the car I gazed upon stars that had fallen from my sight night before. I wax astrology. I do so miserably. Who am I pretending to be? Am I a fraud? Am I playing God? I can't even drive. Sometimes the road is clear. Sometimes, but not often and my sight is still near. Sometimes I know who I am. Fleeting moments, I tell you. Sometimes I know I'm just trying to bum a ride. As I said I can't even drive. I try to remember the point I had. Sometimes I dare rely on billboards for direction. God will speak in the smallest things, but silence doesn't disprove my ignorance. The fool is still revealed. We are homeless hearts and heartless homes. I may see gray, but I'm not dismayed enough to see nothing.

 The Darkness Darkness drives toward me as in a car I ride. Lights flicker and glimmer in the distant view. The world once weighed so heavily. The world once was the death of me. I died everytime it got dark, and the day was my funeral. I died in cars. I died from fear of death. I died from certain uncertainty. The darkness drives toward me. The intensity increases like a game of chicken. Who will turn away? Not I. I proceed full throttle. I love every minute of this for now I know life. I exists more believably. The darkness is not passing shadows of fear. No longer am I afraid of the dark. The intensity increases like the droning of a funeral dirge. I love every minute more profoundly than the last. Never again will I be afraid of the dark. Never again will I dream of light shed. The darkness may pass, but I'll wait til it comes back. I'll wait. Confident. Relaxed. The darkness has nothing on me. The darker it gets outside the surer I am that there is life. It brings me to a falling staircase. It leads me down a flight of stairs. It leads me to situations hopeless but with complete security that I'll land safely there.

 Stubble is fun.

 Today's Realizations Vomitting in a busy parking lot is both humbling and liberating. Prolonged exposure to the radio increases the likelihood that one will believe crappy music is not crappy. There's something hypnotic about pop music, flee from it at all costs.

 I'm contemplating a hiatus.

 I Saw The Sign Precision Collison: We meet by accident.

 From Love Your God with All Your Mind During a family time one evening, my sixth-grade daughter, Allison, complained that if only she could see God, say, sitting in a chair, then prayer would be much easier. I pointed out that not only had she never seen God, neither had she ever seen me. She could see my body, but she could not see my I, my self, my ego, nor could she see my thoughts, feelings, and so forth. Persons, I told her, are invisible objects and, since God is too big to have a body, He is not perceivable in the same way a chair or person's body is. That evening, I expressed to Allison the Christian understanding of human persons. Historically and biblically, Christianity has held to a dualistic notion of the human being. A human being is the unity of two distint realities- body and soul. More specifically, I am my soul, and I have my body. The soul, while not by nature immortal, is nevertheless capable of entering into an intermediate disembodied state upon death and, eventually, being reunited with a resurrected body.The formal name for this position is "substance dualism." The soul (which is the same thing as the self or the I) is that immaterial, invisible thing that makes me a conscious, living human being. The soul is what I am aware of when I engage in various acts of introspection in which I am aware of what is going on "inside" me. I go where my soul goes. If God took my soul and put it into your body and placed your soul into my body we would have different bodies. If my soul leaves my body, I leave my body because I am my soul. (Moreland, 67-68)

 Earlier I told Donna "You are like the sun. When I stare into it I can't help but squint. When I look at you I can't help but smile."

 FUBU Pro I'm here in IT101. An older black guy sitting in front of me is wearing a urlLink SeanJohn shirt. Neat, I don't see that everyday. I wonder how much he knows about the east coast/west coast rap wars. I wonder if he's aware that the Sean also calls himself P. Diddy. I guess its cool. I mean, at least he's not wearing something from the Kathie Lee line. Also, he's playing solitaire. There's a 10 of hearts he seems to be overlooking. Ok, he got it.

 Just how in the heck are four guys supposed to come up with a name for their band?

 22 I got an email from Clairol this morning. It was a nice little e-card complete with flowers. The card said,"It's your birthday. Live it up in color." Of course, that was the plan. It just warms my heart that a big corporation like Clairol remembered my birthday. I mean, who cares that rarely in 22 years have I ever bought anything from them and that they only have my address because I signed up for a free shampoo sample. It's the thought that counts, right? If I didn't have friends and loved ones this email would make me suicidal. Anyway, enough negative energy. Seasons greetings!

 Today's Realization: I remain an impressionable youth. I seriously do not know with certainty what I want to do with my life-not today. not tomorrow. not when I graduate. Two examples: When Dr. Richards talks about Philosophy I want to become a professor. When Dr. Cunningham talks about Christian Education I want to be a Minister of Education. I've considered doing both. Filmmaking seems to be the only thing I imagine myself doing which isn't supported by the examples or testimonies of people in my life. I'm not sure that proves anything. Last night I read that to discern God's will for our life we must present ourselves as living sacrifices. Thus, my confusion is explained. I got a long way to go to understanding the divine call which God has for me.

 Martyrdom From Stephen the Martyr to Cassie Bernall, many have been martyred for the Christian faith. Christianity celebrates martyrdom. We applaud those who make that stand. I bet most of us couldn't name ten martyrs. We have those we remember, but forget the rest. That is, if we ever hear of them at all. A genuine martyr wasn't all too concerned with human recognition anyway. He knew where the true prize was, not in man or in this world, but in God. We ask ourselves if we are willing to die like they have. In those gruelling circumstances would we confess Christ? We like to think that we would. I ask you, are we dying for our beliefs today? Or are we continuing to live like we've got nothing to live for? It's easy to say or imagine that we would make that stand, but I submit to you a genuine martyr learned to deny himself in his day-to-day life. There is no less a call to deny ourselves in the everyday life than there is in the face of martyrdom. The glory is not in the way that we die, but in what we die for. The glory is not ours but God's. Deny yourself. Die today so that you may live. The real question is are you willing to do that?

 Easter Bunnies Cant Lay Eggs. I say no to drive-by holiday greetings I say no to distant well wishing and to quarantined faith I say no to bows and ribbons if the gift is just for giving the moment a little glory I say no to filling easter baskets when empty lay his casket if we cant bubble overjoyed in that I say no to christmas pageants if we know not what his death meant or think it was a mistake I say yes to making friends of strangers I say yes to all the risks and dangers associated with love. inspired by urlLink Jeff.

 of basenji and bassett hounds brown eyed dog barks my sleep to conclude sometimes a pistol seems the easiest thing to use but I've never liked to bury a dog couldn't someone walk him away? dog barks long enough everyone goes about their day my heart goes out to the strays but I need my sleep. I've always wondered where have I gone? is this my home now? if not, where shall I roam? I realize I have also strayed I'm worse than just a runaway at my earliest convenience I assist those who need it but its never that convenient. couldn't someone walk me home? if you get in my way I may push you down my time is too precious I won't wait around my heart is of ice but that isn't so rare the grinch wasn't the only one who really didn't care we are always on the run unsure what we run from we run from ourselves we cry out for help won't someone walk us home?

 Pete Yorn's "Day I Forgot" I received the following in an email from urlLink Columbia Records : Yorn recorded his eagerly-awaited new album, "Day I Forgot," in the same Culver City, California, garage when he made his critically-acclaimed RIAA gold-certified 2001 debut, "musicforthemorningafter." Yorn and producers R. Walt Vincent and Brad Wood have evolved a new rock sound for "Day I Forgot," destined to become one of the most talked about new albums of 2003. Pete Yorn has been the topic of numerous critical accolades. Rolling Stone, who picked Pete as one of the magazine's "Ten To Watch In 2001," gave Pete's debut album, "musicforthemorningafter," a four-star (****) rating calling the album "atmospheric, gently lit by sunlight and regret." USA Today observed "The latest last great hope for the ailing singer/songwriter genre may vaguely resemble a young Springsteen. His insinuating melodies and lean, driving graceful arrangements evoke R.E.M.'s early work. It's impossible to pigeonhole Yorn's music; inspired quirkiness makes him, if not the future of rock 'n' roll, at least a promising new disciple." Pete Yorn has toured actively since the release of his debut and has shared bills with Semisonic, Coldplay, Blues Traveler and Remy Zero. He was the headline artist on the inaugural MTV2 Handpicked Tour and recently performed a set of Stooges covers with Iggy Pop, Mike Watt, and the Hives' Mike Vigilante and Pelle Almqvist at the second annual Shortlist Prize for Artistic Achievement at Los Angeles' Henry Fonda Theater. I bought the album for 9.88 last night at Wal-Mart. I plan to review this and The Jayhawks' Rainy Day Music within the next week or two.

 This is a picture of dying Today I went to the orthodontist. I sat down in the chair and the girl asked how I felt. Usually, I say something positive and bear with the pain. Today I nicely explained in depth how much it all hurt. I said, "It feels like a tooth is coming through the roof of my mouth." I had hoped she would comfort me by telling me that was ridiculous. Instead, she was non-chalant and said,"There is." Then she went on as she had to and worked with other patients. Dr. Carter came over and gave it a look. I asked him, "Do you see this often?" Casually he replied,"Oh, yeah all the time." I had to wait ever so patiently as they all got in place to bring more pain to my life. I imagined that they only felt the need to move the tooth because it would look better if they did. That wasn't exactly true. I also wished they could just use some kind of chemical to make the tooth dissolve. I could not imagine it tearing a course from the center of the roof of my mouth to the front right. The thought upset me. They soon approached to attack me. I am not up to recalling the event in detail, but basically they scraped the gum around the tooth,put a bracket on it, and tied that bracket to the wire on the front of my mouth. As she pushed and pulled to get the thing tied up I grunted to deal with the agony. She talked like she wanted me to expend energy so that I could make her feel better about injuring me. As she worked I winced in great terror and tears welled up in my eyes. Upon completion Dr. Carter came over to investigate her finished work. I knew that on the inside he laughed. He handed me my chart and said he'd see me in two weeks. I muttered,"thanks." I walked out slowly and somberly, as though I were a dog and my tail had just been docked. At the front desk I scheduled my next appointment. I told the girl there,"Make the excuse for all day cause I ain't going back to school." Finally I exited the building. The torture session had ended a bit earlier than usual. Donna had gone to run some errands, but because I got out early she wasn't there. That was okay. As it turned out she was out doing something for me anyway. While waiting for her I made myself comfortable on the sidewalk. And I wrote. Here is some of it: This is the worst pain I have ever known. Vanity. It's all vanity. I am going to die like this. I hope the experience makes me closer to God. I wish to sleep until this hurts no more. I have not known pain until today. The sun feels good. I feel barbaric. I don't think I will ever eat again. I just walked out of the office here, eyes watering from pain. far less chipper than usual. This is just work for Carter. With tears my eyes continue to well up. Am I but a big baby? This is a slow painful life. I don't understand why more people not knowing Jesus wouldn't commit suicide, based on physical pain alone. D--- their aesthetics. It's not worth it. This solace of pain is both heart-wrenching and beautiful. I can't take more drugs for another two hours and even then it will take an hour to work. Everytime I hear a car pull up I think/wish/hope it is Donna and I prepare to tell her everything is okay. Dear Future Boy, If you have any say whatsoever do not let them do this to your mouth. My eyes burn from the acid of my tears. This would not be a good day for Donna to die- if ever there was a good day for that. never. I would rather live through this. I just want to be with her. A second ago a boy and his mother got into their SUV and left. As they got in the mother asked the son,"Does it feel weird?" I suppose he just had braces put on. If only he knew the horror that awaits in gleeful anticipation to wreck his life. his dignity. his ability to make jokes. I love her and that love comforts my mouth and my heart. Comas are way cooler than this. I'd like to try one, just this week. Writing has helped me.

 A prophecy I fear One day someone's going to start a cover band called Dashboard Confederate Railroad Revival- Country Cajun Emo!

 Well, whaddya know I was right! Full story later.

 I think a tooth is coming through the roof of my mouth. Everything I eat hurts, especially if it touches the sensitive areas. That is hard to avoid. And the pain killers are helping less and less. They really only the serve the purpose of making me sleepy. I've slept for over 6 hours today. My surgery was Friday. The orthodontist said that a week would be time enough to heal so that whatever it is they are doing tomorrow won't hurt so much. Well, I ain't healed. Maybe I need more faith. Maybe I need more medication, perhaps methodone would do the trick. I can't help but grit my teeth. After an hour the pain-reducing aspect of the pills has worn off and I can only take these every four hours...and that's the maximum. Sometimes it hurts so bad the tears well up in my eyes. But I don't cry cause I'm a big boy. Real men curse. They scream. They spit sparks. It feels like someone put a nail through the roof of my mouth. Sometimes I wait in anticipation for my brain to drip in. I don't write to complain or to illicit pity. I'm just humoring myself. Whatever it takes right? On second thought it hurts to laugh.

 Someone Stole My Title A little while ago I was at Office Depot. We were there to get more copies for our notebook. I took one of the blue slips that you write the total number of copies and total cost. On it I wrote with a Sharpie, "Please visit Eye-Level.net- a blog about hindsight,insight and foresight." Then I taped the slip on the wall. Maybe I'll get a hit from some bored copyist. A little over a year ago the site met scandal. I had written the now infamous Tears post and the world reacted. Okay, so only a small part of the world, but the point is I had 50-something comments that day and in a year since I've gotten nowhere near that. Essentially, that was just drama. Must I withstand great pain and humiliation to be noticed by so many people like this? It isn't worth it. I guess most of those people won't read now that the show is over. To have love returned I'll pay that cost, gladly.

 To the Tune of Camptown Races "Tim LaHaye's the anti-Christ...do da do da...Tim LaHaye's the anti-Christ oh de do da day!" To receive your free mark of the idiot go urlLink here .

 Observation Prayer is the spiritual discipline that more non-Christians profess to doing, however it seems to be the one Christians have the greatest difficulty committing to.

 In many fonts a capital i looks like a lower case L.

 urlLink Jed has a point .

 A girl,a ghost, a dwarf and a dog The lowest point of my high school career was the womanless beauty pageants. Oh, the things we'll do for the science club. I should throw the tape away but instead I insist on suffering through it occassionally. The highest point of my high school career was when I was in plays. In "A Christmas Carol" I played Marley's Ghost. I was also in two generic versions of popular Disney stories: "Snow White" and "Beauty and The Beast". In the first I was Sarge, the equivalent of Doc. In the second I was Brutus, the family dog. My inspiration for Brutus came from the girl who had played a housecat in "Snow White" and also from Blue's Clues. I'm glad I have this on tape. I miss the stage. I do not however miss those dresses.

 The Art of the Deal pt. 2 Yesterday me and my dad went to the flea market. It was the best time I've had there since this past summer. I spent ten dollars and walked away with 5 items I was pleased to get. 1. The first product shall go unnamed because I will give it to a friend in the near future. I asked the lady how much and she said a dollar. I was expecting her to say 5 and was willing to pay that. Trust me, it was a good deal. 2. Then I found a table where a guy sold vhs and cds for 3 each or 4 for 10 dollars. After combing through the limited selection he had I found two I really wanted: a) Matthew Sweet- urlLink "Girlfriend" b) Lemonheads- urlLink "It's a Shame about Ray" Upon walking up I had heard him make a comment about some Mexicans trying to "wheel and deal" so I was slower to make negotiations. I said to the guy,"I can only find these two that I want. Could I get them for 5?" He said he couldn't do that, that he would be losing money. So I took a step back and walked on. I feared they would be sold before I could get back, but I didn't want to just turn around. After half an hour I was there again. His son, who hadn't been there before, offered his assistance. I made the same statement I had made to his father. Even though they were his to sell he looked over at his dad and asked. They finally agreed. I gladly handed them the money and walked away proudly. 3. The fourth item I purchased was an urlLink Anscovision 388 Dual 8 Automatic Movie Projector . Earlier I had stood at this guy's booth with my dad. He asked how much, interested in making it into a sort of opaque projector. The price was 5, but then the man said he would take four. I showed no interest besides looking at it. When me and dad were about to pack into the car for home I stopped back by. I said "I heard you say four. Will you take three?" He did. I walked away happy. 4. Just when I thought I was done shopping I found a book called " urlLink The New 35MM Photographer's Handbook " A price tag on its spine read "2.00" As I flipped through it the guy said,"I'll take a dollar on that book." This was just what I wanted to pay for it, so I was pleased. The people either gave me a great deal to start with or accepted my offer. This was an easy day at the market.

 Care for some brain? After watching Red Dragon last night I've concluded that Anthony Hopkins' acting ability is shown best in the character of Hannibal Lecter.

 Question How often do you cry?

 I think Coldplay sounds more like Dave Matthews Band than John Mayer does.

 Are you fake? Chances are if you live in this town you are. Then again, since I'm somewhat honest about myself and my weaknesses and failures fake people don't generally give me a chance. I don't fit their fashionable exterior and I haven't made it into the upper eschalon of spirituality. So given the probability of things you are probably not fake. For that I thank you.

 Hypothesis If a guy says that a male celebrity is cool he thinks women would consider the celebrity hot. He is also identifying certain characteristics of the male celebrity with himself, and to some degree imagining himself to be thought of the same way. Pete Yorn is cool.

 from Mighty Aphrodite: "Curiosity. That's what kills us, not muggers or all that bull---- about the ozone layer. It's our own hearts and minds."

 The Fate of Eye Level hangs in the Balance Returning home from Phone Booth I thought a lot about my passion for film. urlLink Jeremy had been talking about a long-term goal of starting a record label. That got me thinking. I am not sure if I will ever work in film. It has been my desire for several years now but I have always fought this fear this was my will and not Gods. I tell you with confidence that I dont think this is about fulfilling selfish ambition. I strongly desire to see an independent film company of Christian filmmakers established. If Im not the one to head this up I want to find whoever is. I believe they are out there. I know they are out there. I know that there are actors, cinematographers, directors, producers, crew and others who share my faith with me and who share this passion. I believe that connecting with each other is the first thing we need to do. From this train of thought I decided to start a blog documenting this passion that I have. For now the name of the blog and future studio is Windshield Pictures. The past couple days I have been busy doing that. Ive gotten the site pretty much set up, but I wont reveal it until everything is ready. I want to get my meta tags written, e-mail tons of people, specifically film reviewers, critics and Christian culture sites. Them Ill get the sitemeter and everything else rigged up. I have gotten increasingly excited about this. Its possible that I discontinue Eye Level upon the opening of Windshield Pictures. If I do that then I will start blogging more frequently on urlLink To Whom It May Concern. I have a whole lot more to say but well save it for later.

 "Hot as a hairdryer in your face." I was singing "I Am the Walrus" and Justin was like, "No, I'm the Walrus." I said, "you can be the walrus next time we play walrus and eggman." I'm going to see Phone Booth with urlLink Justin and urlLink Jeremy . I thought it would be polite to blog first. Well, my mind is blank. My house is hot and Jeremy's vehicle has air conditioning. So I now shall jet.

 This was only a test. Due to office error I didnt in fact have surgery today. It has been rescheduled for next Friday. Im home for the night. Its good to be with the fam. Tomorrow we celebrate my grandmothers 81st birthday. My niece is starting to warm up to me. Donnas spending the weekend with her mother and grandmother. This will be the longest time weve been apart since we started dating in January. I miss her greatly. Ill have to until Monday. My best friend, Chris, is a daddy now. Im looking at a newspaper clipping of him and his wife and the baby, Austin Ryver. The clipping is poised sturdy between F5 and F8 on the keyboard. I dont smoke but I think Ill buy a couple cigars and go congratulate him. I'll be 22 in 17 days. Give someone else something, in honor of me. When I go home tomorrow Ill pal around with Jeremy Cook, a good friend and ol roommate. Im thinking he needs to hurry up and move back. This afternoon I put some books on urlLink Half.com . I think that urlLink Half is a more seller-friendly environment than urlLink Amazon is. Coming soon I am going to post some tips Ive learned about online buying and selling. I also plan to put the final touches on what is tentatively titled, The Politics of Blogging, In that I will discuss my attempts to build an audience, further definition of why I write and my visions for urlLink Eye Level . Look for all this and pictures from National Shaving Day. Anyway, goodnight. PS- Has anyone else noticed Im back to regularly scheduled blogging?

 Milkshakes and Mashed Potatoes I went to sleep hungry last night. Now I'm all the more hungrier. By the time I will be able to eat my teeth will be sore. I think I'd like steak as soon as my mouth doesn't hurt. Okay, writing this post is upsetting me. I'm going to go pretend Iike I just finished eating at Shoney's.

 To Be in Love Sometimes people in dating relationships do dumb things. Most people excuse their idiocy and say, "oh, they're in love." This is the popular misconception, that to be in love is to lose your mind. Love founded on feelings ends in misery. True love does not end, therefore love cannot be founded on emotion. I believe that love can be discovered among bad foundation, but it is not the root or cause of it. The dumb things done should be blamed on the dumb people doing them. Love does not subtract rationality. Rather it complements it. Love encourages,embraces and exemplifies the mind. To say less is to say, "I'll love you when I feel like it." We are supposed to love God with all our hearts, minds,and strengths. How we love others is directly reflective of how we love God. If we do not love God with all of ourselves then we cannot offer our complete devotion to any human being. That's challenging. God offers all of His heart,mind and strength through the attributes of omnipresence, omniscience and omnipotence. He is with us, He knows our need and He has the power to fulfill that need. Being humbled is the first step of learning to love. We are reliant on God alone. I've heard people say that love is protecting and providing for someone, well I would agree but not on any cold utilitarian notions. Love is not simply the protecting of feelings and the providing of comfort. True love creates an escape from the sins of disobedience and rebellion against God and opportunities to further embrace God who offers redemption.

 No Food After Midnight I'm having surgery tomorrow. Doctor's going to expose a tooth. I'm really looking forward to it. Wait, no I'm not! It'll all be over soon, just as I might be. Yes, there's a slight risk I die. I may not, but if nothing else maybe the drugs will induce a near-death experience. Maybe if I'm not too drugged afterward I can blog. I've always wanted to blog under the influence. Who knows, I may even dream that people actually read this site. Addendum: I think myself well-calculated and pathetic considering that I wrote that last line because I knew it would illicit comments. But please carry on... Addendum II: You know that joke about the guy who goes in for a leg amputation and gets the wrong leg amputated? I have a related fear. The doctor I'm seeing also does a line of cosmetic and oral surgeries, including breast augmentation. What if he didn't get my order right? We all make mistakes, it could be as simple as the swapping out of charts. I mean, I know I'm no dreamboat but I'm perfectly confident with my chest.

 I could have slept longer. Today in IT101 the class is learning about search engines. I'm wishing this were a class on mattresses. While they are busy ooh'ing and ah'ing the wonders of urlLink Google I'm dreaming of Z's. Addendum: I did learn one useful tidbit. urlLink Google now has it so that you can look up someone or their address by typing a phone number in the search box. I have urlLink CallWave with Caller ID, but I don't always know the numbers that call. Now caller ID is improved and I can tell find out who's calling. So leave a message or else.

 Music I Long For Three Releases I Anticipate: urlLink Rainy Day Music -The Jayhawks, due out 4/8 urlLink Day I Forgot -Pete Yorn, due out 4/15 urlLink Out of The Vein -Third Eye Blind, in stores 5/13. I've been looking forward to 3eb's newest for a couple years now. Two I should have already gotten: urlLink Control -Pedro The Lion urlLink Slanted and Enchanted -Pavement And One I just found out about: urlLink Down with Wilco -The Minus 5

 Clever from My-So Called Life Patty: Would you believe what Denise and Bob Krakow did? Graham: Well just once, right? To make Brian.

 Hell Cab Over the past week I watched about 14 movies and urlLink Chicago Cab was by far the best. 5 Words: Find heart in a cabdriver.

 Failure Dissuades, Faith Persuades I say to myself, "cut your losses." The thing I ranted about earlier? Well, let's forget it. We can't make negotiations with the past. Who wants to anyway? When something's over can't we just let it go? I don't believe in yesterday, cause its dead and there'll be no resurrecting it. It lies in the pits of hell. Gone. From our presence. What lies ahead? Perhaps more potholes? Perhaps an accident? We can't really say. Keep your hands at ten and two. Some people call me a dead man. Or at least I may as well be. From their vantage point I've worn out my welcome. I suppose there might be some truth to that. But how long do open arms stay open? It feels like they are eager to shut me out of the opportunity that would come if I received my degree. Never mind that I've been standing here ringing the doorbell for quite a long time. My point is yesterday is yesterday. All I can hope for the future is simple: that I will be wiser and quicker and that the man won't be so unforgiving. C'mon show me the ropes old man. With history we have the regular meeting of the past,the present and the future. Sometimes the confrontation is awkward. Our old selves stir as memory allows. The crumbs they've left behind guide us back. This is usually a subconcious thing, but it can often be a concious activity as well. Our past affects us most subconciously by shaping who we are and who we think we are. This, in turn, shapes who we're trying to be. Then, of course, we are affected by these deliberate exercises of memory. We find a flyer from a show, a ticket stub or a grade report and we get to thinking about it all again. Anew. A step in the right direction is discerning what we can and should change today. The bigger and better part of this is submitting all hoped for change to God- both what we see in our power to fix and what seems impossible to be fixed. I'm going to attempt to do that now.

 Losing All Hope is Freedom, I guess... Because I'm an irresponsible kid or have previously been in semesters past I have now lost all financial aide and assistance. I think I can muster up the funds. I believe in God's provision as well as grace. But I also believe in the consequences of my sin. So, I don't know what to think. I just want to graduate in December.

 Tis' the Season 21 hours and we will be back in Graceville. I'm homesick. We leave at 5am. I want to get home and get packing. I'll be getting ready to move. It's fun to pause after four months of fast forward. I've been thinking a lot about good memories I've made in Graceville and the good times we've all had together. I'll definetly be writing about that shortly. When I get back I will soon begin on my summer writing project. I'll fill you in on that more later. I've been wanting to write forever, but I'm always busy with classes. Now is the time to monopolize the extracurricular opportunity that I have and to write. Also, I will continue a regular regimine of sleeping. In addition to these heavy plans I will be doing whatever work I can to bring in the flow. I need money. It looks as though my best bet is another self-started business. I'm good at being my own boss, at least when money is involved. Summer school starts soon, but its got nothing on a regular semester. So say I. I hope I'm right. I plan on staying busy this summer, but I'd prefer it to be a little less mentally stressful. I'm going to go take a nap. Catch you later.

 The Bruce Almighty Interview Tom Shadyac, a dedicated Christian and director of Bruce Almighty, was interviewed recently by a group of Christian film reviewers. On Hollywood Jesus, David Bruce has put up this interview and his own review of the movie. urlLink Read it .

 Attack of the Clown Whore Brigade I don't know who sickens me more, Madonna or Christina Aguilera. We were sitting here watching the countdown on VH1. Christina Aguilera's latest video aired. I said, "I hate her. She's redefining the whore." On the other hand, Madonna practically invented the whore-chic that has so much permeate modern music. Also, Evanescense sounds like an odd Linkin Park knock-off. Despite all this, urlLink Train's upcoming release looks promising.

 Oh, No! I'm bored of the blogosphere again.

 Today's Realization Criminals aren't as stupid as cop shows make them out to be. A lot of times, I'm sure, they are just playing dumb. You know, like in poker.

 What is the ideal length for an album?

 I applaud Electrin! urlLink His photoblog is consistently charming and/or breathtaking. I also find the added commentary enjoyable. Go urlLink see .

 Building a Library This afternoon at the Goodwill in town I purchased a handful of books I was happy to get my hands on. In order of how excited I was to find them: urlLink Introduction to Aristotle urlLink Beyond Freedom and Dignity urlLink On Being Responsible: Issues in Personal Ethics urlLink Leonard Maltin's Movie and Video Guide 1995 urlLink The Book of Lists 2 urlLink The Communist Manifesto And of course I had to search through the music bin. It was CD after CD of no-names and names I've never heard or music I've never wanted to hear again. Still I had to keep looking. Then I found the one that made it all worth it: urlLink Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Volume 3 That ended in disappointment when I realized the disc was not in the case. Talk about heartbreak.

 What is Space Rock?

 Ow-Choo! I been sneezing so hard that when I do my back hurts. All over it feels like I'm being pinched or stung. Immediately after I feel weaker. Maybe its a pinched nerve? I don't know.

 Accidents Happen to Good People. Earlier I wrote what was called "Experience and Empathy". In it I contrasted living through natural disasters, et cetera and observing them by way of the media. I'll attempt to write that again later. Riding around surveying the devastation left in the wake of the tornado was the most noteworthy event of Sunday. I've been wondering what God's role in all this is. Today we did a whole bunch of nothing. Take tonight for example. Donna fell asleep on the fold-out. Her mother watched tv. I downloaded songs, but mostly was just bored. All night. Donna did finally wake up and we've been watching the Cosby Show. That's always redeeming. Goodnight again fair children.

 Hello, Goodbye 10 hours. The trip took 10 hours. We drove through lots of rain. We feared we might have to dodge another tornado, seeing as how we were hitting Birmingham/Tuscaloosa right when it was supposed to touch down. We listened to the radio for news, but mostly all we heard was bad music. With three and a half hours to go we stopped at Denny's. I had the Meat Lover's Skillet- country fried potatoes, ham, and sausage all sliced and diced with bacon and topped with runny eggs and cheese. This was the first time I ever ate this and boy, was it phenomenal. At 2:30 we arrived at Donna's home. Promptly, we went to sleep and slept for 11 solid hours. My allergies are okay so far, but my back hurt from the couch. Over the ride, I was thinking a lot about people I have come to know during my tenure here at the college. Of all the graduates, there were four guys that I'd really consider close: Jeff, Sean,Milks and Greg. I got to talk to each of them after graduation. I let them know that they mean a lot to me. I think in telling them that I realized it a little more. I also was able to see that they appreciate me as well. Of those four, Milks is leaving town first. He left yesterday actually. I called the night before and that call became goodbye. From my personal experience goodbyes sneak up on you. This one snuck up on me. I didn't realize that it was coming to that until the call. He'll be getting married next month. I'm going to do what I can to make it, but either way it won't be the same then. The era is over. Sean leaves next in June. I'll make the most of the next two or three weeks, but I'll be missing him before I can brace myself for it. Jeff looks to be third in line to leave. He's going to stay in town for a year and save money for grad school. We won't be struggling together as students anymore, and I'll miss that. I keep having this fear that sometime next week he's going to tell us all he's leaving earlier than planned. Like next month or something. Greg looks to be a permanent resident. He's taken up a ministry and intends to stay there indefinetly. He'll probably be left when I leave, but I'm going to miss him a lot too. On that note, I'm going to miss this whole class as a whole. The chemistry of our college is changing quite drastically. People are moving on to missions and ministries and marriage. Most of the girls I've fallen for since I've been here are married now. Ruthie was one of the last ones left and her wedding was yesterday. I don't regret that I didn't win her heart. I miss her as a friend, but that's all. I've somehow managed to win the love and affection of Donna. I wouldn't trade that. Not for anything or anyone. I don't think Ruthie would be offended by that, I think she'd really like it. I'm going to go now.

 That's a wrap Late last night after an event filled day, I laid down exhausted. I desired to pray in gratitude of a closing semester, great friends, continued renewal of relationships and the tidy little way that God has been wrapping things up lately. I also desired to pray out of concern. I was really disappointed with how my grades turned out. I did in fact fail that class and I worried that voc-rehab would not pay for school anymore. More than that I was stressed because in ways it seems some of the professors are trying to weed me out of their institution. I feared that they would find some reason not to let me graduate next semester. I desired to pray all of this to a gracious and a mighty God, but my flesh was stronger than that desire and I succumbed to exhaustion. A whole fat family has sang, Kiss's "I wanna Rock 'n' Roll all night", yes dear readers the spring semester of 2003 is OVER. No matter what my grades are I'm enjoying the death of a semester that took way too long and way too much out of me. And even if I have to come up with the funding apart from government aide I am going to complete my sentence here in December. Today I've helped Donna move out of her dorm room. For good. In a little bit, later than planned, we are packing the car. We're headed back to Jackson, TN. It will be about an 8 hour ride. I'll feel claustrophobic some, but that will be fine. For the most part, I'll be kicked back and relaxed. This week we will be busy. We are going to help Donna's family continue their clean up efforts in the wake of the tornado. We are also going to see how we might be of service to the city. In addition to all of this, I'll get to meet more of her friends and watch one graduate from high school. This will be busy and exciting. I don't mind. I just don't want to be in school. Send me anywhere. Send me to solitary. Anywhere. I don't want anything to do with school for the next two weeks. In other news, I am going to move in with urlLink Justin McLeod . That is, pending all the paperwork goes through as it should. I'm sitting here now trying to fill out this application. I don't know any of the answers. It's like thirty pages where the blanks are empty all except for my signature in a few locations. I have to pack. I should get a move on. See you in Tennessee. PS- Look forward to 9 new installments in the Jackson, TN series.

 All's well that ends well Today friends will cross the stage and recieve their diplomas. I will applaud them. I may even cry. This is the first graduation I have wanted to go to since I've been here. It feels like we have grown up together, even though I've only known them for three years. Tonight they are likely sitting awake in anticipation. I pray they get good rest. This is going to be a busy day. We have grown up together, at least a little. Three years isn't so long. Well, maybe not, but I think in these three years I've learned what it is to truly value a friendship. Today, in less than 12 hours actually, they will cross that stage and walk toward a new era of their lives. These times will not be left behind. They'll carry the weight wherever it is they go. Besides,hearts of gold lighten the load. In December I'll be walking the same walk. That doesn't seem believable.

 What a waste Once again, I did not pull through. I suppose you knew I wouldn't. I worked all night and here I am at 7:30am hating myself and with nothing to show for it. I mean, nothing I could turn in. I don't know if I'll pass this class now or graduate on time or graduate at all... see my school's been being paid for...but I had to do better and well, I haven't really. Not according to the letters. I want to quit. I want to drop out and embrace failure. I hate this fine line. You know, the fine line between people, parents and profs especially, being able to recognize that I have worked hard and them assuming that I still haven't changed at all. All my toil seems in vain. Can no one give me credit for what I do get right? Can people start basing their evaluation of others on things that can't be measured numerically? No, they can't. I'm obviously not the only one who has to suffer. Anyway. Goodnight. Thanks for giving up on me.

 One More for Old Times' Sake I walked into a professor's office and asked when was the latest I could turn something in. He said tomorrow at ten, the scheduled time for the final. So, I have 14 hours and 22 minutes to go. In that time I'm looking to write a 10 page research paper, an 8 page critical book review and 4 pages for an essay. I want him to see that I have been working hard. If I could know he recognizes this it would be even better than making an A. And then tomorrow I'll wrap up the last assignment of the semester. Worst case, I'll pull another all-nighter tomorrow night. Either way, it'll be my last for a little while.

 Almost My thoughts in chronological order: I almost did my best this semester. I almost didn't pull through. I almost impressed myself and possibly others. I almost feel satisfied. I'm almost not worth hanging around at all. I'm almost a jerk most of the time. I almost have no redeeming qualities. It's almost time for dinner. I almost got enough sleep last night. I'm almost done with all my classes. I've almost completed my BA. for the record, urlLink Drey , its in Christian Education. I almost know what I'll do after graduating. I almost know what I want to do with my life. That's almost everything I'm thinking about.

 Sick of Seeing Gambit Around Me like couches. and long naps on the beach. Me like pillows, not pillow fights. I'm a simple man. just want to lay down forever. that's all I ask. I dream of sleeping. or food. sick feeling from lack of all important nutrients. It will all be over soon. That could mean a lot of things. Like it could mean curtains for me or you or whatever. Curtains make nice blankets. In the agony of being awake I must remind myself it will all be over soon. I'd like to lay down on the sidewalk or right here on the floor in the computer lab. Who's going to stop me? I mean, it will look like I just fell. Next thing you know I'm seeing ambulance. So tired. No pulse. And if that tired I clearly can't tell them I'm alive. I wonder if that did happen, would my professors give me incompletes? It's worth a shot.

 You are Gambit! You are a fierce fighter and a good friend to have. Your preference for solitude and your attractiveness make you very intriguing to those you meet. Unfortunately, close relationships are few and far between for you because you often have trouble opening up to others. urlLink Which X-Men character are you most like? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Happy 10,000th hit! Here's hoping the next 10k won't take as long, like maybe it will come within the next week.

 Love/Hate I have no love for people who use just use others and then lack the decency to do anything in return. It is for you that I cuss and punch walls. Just because I don't exactly tell you how I feel, don't think I haven't noticed. Sure, I need more love, but we're not talking about me. Are you even aware?

 Ground Floor I just gave a presentation on the philosophy of history. It was miserable. The professor looked mad at me. It's not that I didn't prepare for this. I did. I would have liked to have spent a lot more time and energy on it, but one has other classes and responsibilities to take care of. I wanted not to make the same mistakes that others made in their presentation. This includes not rattling off cliches where they seem appropriate, not being presumptive about things I had not studied enough to develop an opinion on, and meeting the requirements set forth in the syllabus, such as time of presentation. In semesters past I have been lazy. Now that I'm attempting to do good in school it is all the more hurtful that I still suck so miserably. I guess I can say at least I actually got up there and went through with it this time. Last summer I had this same professor I skipped the day of my debate because I hadn't done the work. So, I can see where he would get the idea that I'm a poor student. I blame myself. It just sucks to feel like he, as gracious as he is, might hate me. It also sucks to think that everybody in there is probably upset with me for having to suffer through that. I think everyone thinks either a) I'm a poor student or b) I have learning disabilities.

 Redemption Days The past two days have been very redemptive. Yesterday a friendship was rediscovered. Today a professor spoke affirming words of me. Also, today I experienced a new conviction. Recently, I have wanted to write about what it feels like to feel as though a friendship is lost. This is something I've felt to some degree for many months. When that happens I become skeptical of the friendship we shared. I'm not a good friend, at least in the sense that I was giving up without a fight. Even when he went out of his way to say we should hang out more I doubted his sincerity. It seemed routine. Then I even laid the blame on him. You see, it wasn't that there was anything wrong between us. Rather, it was more like we were too different. Yesterday we talked out on a grassy hill for three hours. I was reminded just how good a friend he is and has been. We wouldn't have had that conversation if it weren't for him. During my college career I have been notorious for late work, especially with one professor in particular. This semester I had every intention to get all my assignments in on time for the first time. I worked my butt off on one paper, a book review that most people probably didn't spend more than a few hours on. I couldn't churn it out so easily. With writing my ambition kills me. I'm a perfectionist when it comes to my work. So I worked hard on it all semester and just this week turned that paper in. Other times I've been late because I've been lazy. That wasn't really the case this time. When I turned it in I wanted him to look over it and commend me. Instead, much of our conversation was about my tardiness. I was really discouraged. However, in class today that was all made better. We were talking about learning styles. He used me as an example. He said that I am much further in the abstract than in the concrete. This means that most of the time I think and don't do anything. Then he spoke highly of my work, saying that it was excellent just usually late. It was nice of him to see that there for the whole class to hear and know. In chapel today we honored the graduating seniors. I thought about my friends who's time here is up. I even got close to crying. My eyes watered. The most painful and best feeling part was a newly received conviction, to make concerted efforts to be unified with the student body. I've been here four years and have been nice to people, but generally I've kept myself separate from most people. I've decided that with the semester that remains I will change this. Praise God for His Redeeming Love.

 Morning Quote "It'd be great if yawning created energy."- Me, this morning with only two hours of sleep.

 Jackson, Tn: My Prayers are with You.

 Passing Thoughts Tonight I played harmonica along with a few tracks off The Beatles' urlLink Revolver and "Baba O'Reilly" from urlLink Who's Next . urlLink Jed gave me the harmonica for my birthday. It's value is becoming more apparent. I'm going to learn to play it so that I can be the next "new Dylan", or not. The Art of The Deal pt. 3 Today at the dirt mall Dad got me a Doubleday printing of The Complete Works of William Shakespeare for only a dollar. That was thoughtful and its definetly exciting. While watching urlLink Grand Canyon last night I realized: urlLink Kevin Kline does a good job at playing characters in perplexing situations. See also: urlLink Life as a House I really want to own a copy of urlLink Boyz 'N the Hood . Even being white I recognize this film's genius. I've always enjoyed writing the longer posts, but there's something to be said for brevity. I think I've gotten pretty good at it. Now, if only I could remember how to be a long-winded writer again. On top of these passing thoughts there are many which have slipped my mind.

 Song in my throat The first goal of this Saturday was to sleep-in, but for some fun reason I woke at 9. Just thought I'd check the scene of the big WWW before returning to my slumber. I'm sitting here in front of the computer half-awake singing "Kamera" by urlLink Wilco cause its in my brain. I need a camera To my eye To my eye Reminding Which lies that Ive Been hiding Which echoes belong I've counted out The days to see how far I've driven in the dark With echoes in my heart Phone my family Tell them I'm lost On the sidewalk And, no, it's not OK I smashed a camera I wanna know why To my eye Deciding Which lies that Ive been hiding Which echoes belong I'm counting on A heart I know by heart To walk me through this war Where memories distort Phone my family Tell them I'm lost On the sidewalk And, no, it's not OK I've counted out And no one knows how far I've driven in the dark With echoes in my heart Phone my family Tell them I'm lost Yeah, I'm lost and, no, it's not OK Goodnight til noon...

 Steve Martin is Underrated. Tonight I went to the Supercenter. Here I got urlLink Novocaine and urlLink Grand Canyon for 5.88 each. urlLink Steve's filmography, et cetera.

 magic Me: pick a card. Me: Do you know it? Donna: yes ( I flip it over) Me: so do I. I am lame.

 urlLink Take my quiz, please!

 Life Lessons and Other Hard Truths #4 People are more ashamed of bodily function than they are of sin.

 Gone Fishin' til Further Notice How do I break this to you? The title says it all, but in plain English: This might be my last post here, at least the last one for awhile. Meanwhile, I'll be writing at these fine locations: urlLink To Whom it May Concern urlLink A Blog Apart Me not writing here means I'll be writing more there. Stop by and read me. If you unlink me, I'll understand, but by all means pick up one of these or another from my links list on the left. If you miss me, drop a line in the ol' email. That's chase[at]eye-level.net

 Deep within, a stirring The room is a little less dark as the sun stirs outside. Its just after five am. As often is the case I should have been to sleep long ago. My mind stirs itself; awake with the wonder of what the future may hold, the woe of what this day has held and the wisdom of days gone by. Some days are still searching for their momentary lapse of ignorance. Some of us are too. I used to think of my writing here with such esteem. Not that either I or what I wrote was that greatbut I sought such a standard. I didnt want any frail bit of prose, unsure of its meaning and lost in its origin to creep onto my page. I use to have such high standards for this practice of blogging. I used to have readers too. Is my audience dead or am I? Maybe Im only here to haunt the blogosphere. Maybe Im only here to haunt the world. Boo. Such a silent stirring. We all go through a stage when appearances mean a great deal to us. Then we learn no one really notices our new shoes. If you dont know what I mean, simply resolve to not know what I mean. I will simply dissolve into words on yours screen. Its funny how we can go from being people to being publishers. Weve got such big ideas to expose, to express and to exfoliate. We read someones deepest yearnings as we would read sentences in an English book. Then we read their purest pieces as peaks into their panicked psyche. We drops notes of encouragement when all someone really wanted was somebody to say they liked what they saw. The hour creeps onward, closer til 6. Theres a burning in my throat. It always occurs to me around this hour. As we near 6 my father stirs his way to the kitchen. He grabs a bite to eat. Early morning snack. Soon mother will be awake and getting ready for church. I should have already gone to sleep. Now it will be difficult to wake up in time. I need a snack. But Id rather have answers. Why are people so quick to defend themselves? Are we not all sinners? Sin eats your heart even as you disagree. The foolish man said, to hell with what they sayyou should know me better. The foolish man denounces a friend who disagrees with his actions. And people say to me that I got to let people make their own choices. I got to let people do what their gonna do. Well then, why doesnt anyone just let me do what Im gonna do? Is personal liberty more sacred than what is truly right? Right and wrong may be up for debate. Afterall, there are opinions and then there are opinions. Maybe Im just being an opinionated jerk. I have the right to be wrong just as much as anyone else. I shall harp no more this morning. Some nights I dream of drama. Tonight Id rather just see black.

 Long Distance Plan distance embraced I'll hold your hand by phone Jesus, I'm sorry sometimes I'd rather be alone I admit in metaphor I would not get by on my own but I run away with all the pride and ambition of a murderer waving red hands as he flees from prison when stupid and selfish are one in the same I let you be scapegoat and praise my own name and in my mind you reside as just another getaway ride shame on me.

 The Villian in Me Have you ever wanted to offer someone your love, your encouragement, or yourself...but you didn't feel like you had the right? Just over a month ago my cousin, Nicole, had her second baby. This weekend after many complications he died. Today is the funeral. I would like her to know that I'm here for her and will be as much as she wants me to be. But where was I before, when they were having to stay up in Birmingham because he was so sick. I wasn't around then. What reason does she have to think I'm not just acting out of guilt and trying to make myself feel better. I want to be there for people. I want to stop escaping or turning from painful situations. I want to be there. I haven't been. It's too late for today.

 Compassion I want to develop the inability to feel good just because 'things my way' are going good.

 The Scoop As it turns out, I am not on financial aide suspension. Apparently, there were some miscalculations. Now it seems I can rest easy about paying for fall semester. Praise God. A friend is getting a divorce. I hurt. I struggle to say what he needs to hear and understand what I really feel. My heart aches. Tomorrow will be the fourth day of summer classes. This first class, Church/Staff Relationships, is quite enjoyable. Although I always find it quite difficult to sit still for four hours...let alone stay awake. Tuesday I got a haircut. Yesterday I had an eye exam. Soon I will be getting new glasses. I like to change my look regularly. This weekend is my family reunion. From Friday to Sunday we'll all be hoarded up in lakeside cabins. I'm excited. Next week Donna and I are going to be helping with my church's Vacation Bible School. I'm trying to pay close attention to the Spirit of God. I want to become more obedient to Him. I want any spirit of rebellion within me to be whittled away. Also, a new personal desire I have is to become more unified with my campus and for the student body to be more unified in Christ. For insight and encouragement I think I will start talking and praying with some more mature Christians about the spiritual condition of our school. As for now, I'm going to go watch Vanilla Sky . PS: This time last year I fretted over not being able to blog for a weekend. I'm glad I've grown out of that.

 Preface to Critique #1 I sent word that I was back. I may as well show up. Everyone's asked about my catch. Well, first let me tell you why I went 'fishing'. I took the time off because it seemed blogging had become a detriment to my writing. I began to blog more out of habit than out of having something to say. Upon Eye Level's birth, I felt that if I stuck with it long enough I would break through, you know, build an audience. For the first several months especially I went to great lengths to provide consistent content. I put a lot into it, maybe too much. Still, even with my consistency it didn't work like I imagined. I haven't exactly broken through. My audience has been hit and miss. Let's get one thing straight: there's a big difference in wanting popularity and in wanting an audience. If I had wanted to be popular I could have managed that. The general consensus was often that my posts were too long. I could have cut them short, instead I insisted on keeping them just as long as necessary to properly communicate my thought. I'm not trying to pay myself some huge compliment. I've been just as sucked into this machine as the next guy. All I'm trying to say is that as a rule I've put the writing above the being read. I want to keep things that way. I got bored of the blogosphere. It happens, they say. I needed to take the time away if only to prove to myself that I could. I have. In fact, I may have gotten a bit too comfortable. But that isn't the point. I have a kabillion things to say about this. I've been "in" and have taken myself out. So maybe I have a healthy vantage point from which to be a professional critic of the blogosphere. Maybe not. We'll see. In the upcoming weeks I will be documenting my critiques. Maybe I'll have something worth reading. Maybe someone we'll get something out of it. Maybe not. We'll see.

 Captain Redundant here with a very special message: Eye Level is back. It has returned. It's no longer wherever it was. It is, in fact, here again. The site has regained conciousness. Chase enjoyed the time off. The break was well needed, well enjoyed and well worth it. His head is clear. Now he can think straight, orderly, in a routine manner and of course, clearly. Brain not cluttered with school and stress and life so much anymore. The hiatus is now over. The End. El Fin. That stage of our life is complete. He is happy to see all of your smiling faces. He is warmed by your presence. It brings tears to his eyes. That is all. Otherwise, pay attention, stay tuned and keep a look out for the next post...to follow shortly. Thank you very much. Blog 'n' Roll! Captain Redundant appears courtesy of urlLink Russian Radio

 Jeff has written urlLink Nine Bands You should be Listening to , a series in three parts. You should definetly be reading these well-penned reviews. So go Sparky!

 Preface to Critique #1, addendum Recently, I proposed that perhaps I could be a professional critic of the blogosphere. Those are big words. I think maybe too big. I don't think of myself as a professional anything. I think I proposed the title as I did because it was fun to throw big words around. But I want to properly convey my thought. To some critic is a bad word. Often the connotation might be of one who is at odds with what he critiques or one who's opinions are scouring and ill-informed. I don't find myself at odds with this great land o' blogs or with any one blogger in particular. My aim is surely not to offend. And I may not always know what I'm talking about but I don't speak out haphazardly. I'm not into peddling out my opinions just to see what kind of arguments I can start. If I take the time to write a critique or my personal reflections on a topic you can trust that I care a lot about that topic. So I don't think of myself as a critic, but as an observant friend. These could be anyone's observations. I'm sure a lot of people will agree with me. Although I'm certain our accounts wouldn't match letter for letter. The fact that I've read people's thoughts on the blogosphere but haven't read mine proves that. Thus, the importance of me writing this is to make account of my observations. What qualifies me is that I have observed. Granted, I haven't searched out the entirety of the world wide web and every weblog in between. So, there is indeed the possibility that someone else has already said anything I have to say. I am not original, but that isn't the point. By making note of what I have seen I open more people up to my particular point of view and stimulate conversations, old and new, on the subject. My hope is that our collective opinion would be refined. Communication is essential if we truly want this. So communicate with me and let's communicate with each other. What problems do you see with the blogosphere? My complaints: so many of us seem to blog narcissistically, lackadaisically or habitually. Most of my criticisms probably stem from that. Communicate with me, whether by comment or email or your own blog. If you've written on the subject before or if someone else has alert me. I'd like to read it. Before I said that I had a kabillion things to say. That was an overstatement. However, I do have a few thoughts. I'm sure you do too. Let us blog with conviction, more than with loose-lipped opinion. Thanks again.

 The Power Pop Phenom Go urlLink here and read about what Ben Folds has been up to in his studio. Three EPs and a full length are on the way. The first EP, Speed Graphic, is out now. All 5 songs have placed in the top 6 of the Billboard/Soundscan urlLink download chart . Notice, Ben has knocked Beyonce out of number one. Even if victory is only temporary it is still sweet. EP #2,called Sunny 16, is due out in September. The third, as of yet untitled, will come in November. All of this leads up to the much anticipated release of his second full-length solo album to be released early next Spring. I've sampled Speed Graphic. It's going to be a treat. Maybe I'll scrounge up the six bucks and order it soon. Buy/Preview it at urlLink Attacked By Plastic .

 Look at it This Way If Arnold Schwarzenegger became Governor of California he would not have time for his film career. Thus, he would make a lot fewer movies. On that measure alone I'd vote for him. Hollywood would, in effect, become less mindless and cliche and inadvertently the world would be a better place. Honestly, I don't have an opinion either way. It's clear that he's smarter than given credit for. The fact that he's never been able to ditch his thick Austrian accent doesn't disprove that. If anything, what makes me skeptical is his long line of brain dead action flicks. Maybe in ten years he'll run for President with Danny DeVito as his running mate.

 What's the world coming to? The Bad News: Justin Timberlake recently performed with the Stones. The Good News: At least it was for charity, I guess. The Bad News: Justin Timberlake recently performed with the Stones. The Good News: Many sensible rock fans hurled water bottles at him. urlLink Read the full story.

 This, That, and The Other In 20-30 minutes a group of us from the college are going to visit the children's home in Tallahassee. This week I've started corresponding with Jed and Michael Miller by email. Sometimes I find it too easy to just let go of people. I'm thankful that I've found a way and the motivation to keep up. It's not the same, but it's something. Today I signed up for a Pro Merchant Subscription on Amazon. This will open my sales to a lot more people, cut down on the commission I have to pay Amazon and make selling easier. I even get urlLink my own storefront . The address is nice and simple. For Donna's birthday I got her urlLink XM Radio . We're really excited. Goodbye, Corporate Radio, Goodbye! I'm moving into a one bedroom. And my rent's gone down from 28 to 3 dollars a month. And somehow, I think I've managed to get on the landlady's good side. There is a sore on the right side of my tongue. That's what I'm thinking about this instant and the next. There's more but isn't there always? Bye-Bye...

 superheroes and sell-outs hey mom and pop your favorite show is on the box i'll hit the tube cause the picture's not too clear i'll don the foil hat just to watch the atmosphere i'll be your antennae hey little brother just a word of advice don't buy into anyone especially if they're nice when it comes down to it everyone's a jerk the mean ones are just honest about their joy in your hurt i'll be your antennae but even i get my signals mixed in the end everybody sells out when it comes down to it it's what they're all about and they'll tell you 'oh, we're just buying in' apparently, allegiance doesn't pay the same kind of dividends i'll be your antennae but then i'll foil all your plans and i'll probably have your heart for lunch soon as i get the chance

 jeff says we're gothic.

 making the move from the bed to the coffin shouldn't be that hard we live most of our lives longing for shut-eye what difference is it to depart we say life is precious but only long for the bedsheets to deliver us from the day-to-day we're just passing the time til we can say goodnight looking no one in the face making the move from the bed to the coffin couldn't be too hard i've put a lot of thought into this i think we're only afraid of the kiss cause the sting of death looks just like a bed to me.

 t.v. show i hope my life i hope my death i hope myself that i will amount to more than good television i want to be more than an hour on A&E my life's summation in the words of an interviewee i want to be more than a black shirt memory the kind of tragedy where people feel more for me once i'm dead and buried i don't want no acclaim and it won't hurt my feelings when you've forgotten my name i can't say if you hate me that i'll give you any blame you don't have to like me or even send your love just don't make more of me once i'm below or above if you've got something to say i suggest you say it now just in case i don't make it back around we're all too quiet when it comes to what we think when eternity expands it seems our significance does shrink me and death go way back from grandfathers i never met to the man in black it seems as though i've been dying all my life i hope it all adds up to more than strife i hope my life i hope my death i hope myself that i'll amount to more than good television.

 three a.m. and jim is my only friend. it's indeed getting late my only friend's not awake sometimes i shake my younger brother from sleep when he speaks to himself or the ghouls of the deep. three a.m. and jim's victim of the trend that is, driving off the deep end before learning to swim. it's a shame that he drowned i suppose that he found the lies that i kept and those parts of myself i'd never tell. three a.m. and jim's memory suspends. that is, i'm becoming james again. one day we wish upon tomorrow the next we're living in the past. one day we're being left and the next we've been surpassed. our lives leave us so fast. my brother worries about me but what can he do he looks at me from the top of the sea but there's just no use.

 glimpses i step into my dark bedroom i unclothe myself take off the day and my perfume cause in my dreams no one remains unimpressed in the deep sleep there's just no need to be knee deep and half dressed the skin tight cliches of another life down the drain could be shed if the trite would refrain at night the world is black enough so we can see the screen in the sheerest technicolor we commence to dream the darkness is clearly, just so we can see so we can say goodnight to a world that is all it'll ever be sleep tight and dream of the vast regions of heaven near and far which wink at us through the twitching stars twitterpatted cosmos.

 More Likely A Rhino than A Whino Don't worry about me becoming a drunkard. That's one thing I'm not afraid of. I know what havoc the booz can wreak, who doesn't? But what would keep me from alcohol more than anything is that I wouldn't afford it. I'm so much of a cheapskate that spending 4 dollars on a gallon of Tropicana gets to me.

 i'd like to be an alcoholic the kinda guy who dismisses all his blues the kinda sap who never worries no suit and tie, no shiny shoes i'd like to be an alcoholic so's not to care what people think no endangered reputation no workin' man blues, just another drink i'd like to be an alcoholic so i don't hurt nobody else it seems i can only do damage and that i can't even love myself

 This weekend I saw Counting Crows live for the first time. I like 'em even more now. Wow... Thank you Donna! More on this later.

 Apparently, you have no love. Or I could assume your computers are all down. If you don't got love, send hate. Send whatever...money or soup...or anything else...just send it, but not by Western Union.

 It's not cool that the comments are down. It's just not. I mean, I'm sure you've got something important to say to me. Our relationship hinges on communication. With the comments gone AWOL we're practically falling apart. I send my love. Send yours by email.

 Man Alive! I annoy me. Yes. Sometimes when I talk I get on my own nerves. Yes, on occassion I get tired of hearing myself talk. It isn't my voice. It isn't my ability to tell the long and the short of everything. What gets me is that I often catch myself speaking with less than half a brain. Regularly, I am guilty of putting too much thought into what I say. My deliberation is accompanied by a droning "uh..." similar to the mating calls of some insects. The world would stop turning if everyone took the kind of time I take. The problem isn't with people who "think fast!" but with those who just don't think. I need to learn to think on my feet. But that's another thought for another day. I have a particular variety of speech impediment. It isn't born of nervousness or birth defect, but of bad habit. My most consistent verbal crutch is peppering the word "man" throughout daily conversation. "Hey Man" "What's up, man?" "Man!" (excitement or disbelief) " Man... (disappointment) "Man, that sucks!" "See ya later man" I'm not the only one. We've got to cut this out. It would also help if we'd learn other people's names and use them. Besides, medical science has proven that people take comfort in hearing someone speak their name. It builds trust. In the right settings people are consumed with following their P's and Q's to the T. We don't have enough dignity to deal with these verbal slips,slurs and ticks and yet we'll freak out if we don't know which fork to use. There's something strange about that. And another thing... What's the deal with these questions that refuse to be answered? For example, "What's up?" and "How are you?" Why doesn't anyone answer? Is it that our "I don't care" signals have finally gotten the point across? I mean, is it that we've already deemed it a waste of breathe? We've got to turn this thing around.

 Standing on Stone Tablets Labor Day beckons me to break a sweat over reading I haven't done yet. Hunger beckons me to go out for groceries. Wal-Mart may be open, but the pharmacy is closed. I'm glad someone's taking a stand over more than the shallowness of the color of our clothes. It's what the fabrics made of and how easily it fades out, not the current popular shade of brown. Goodness goes against the grain. That's why it's so hard for Clorox to remove the stains. I realize I got off on a tangent of half-rhyming metaphors. It's just I see everyone taking stands, but I'm not sure what they stand for. Most times, they serve little more than to make our legs tired. The Red Badge of Courage will not be acquired if we wear ourselves out fighting the wrong fires.

 While I was Sleeping I just woke from a ten year sleep clutching for a blanket and somebody to explain this to me I've never had a beard in my life now eyeing the mirror I see a disguise I've never had a girlfriend or wife but I've got a picture of her and our family of four on a table over here by my side they could've just said that I died they could've made new friends who'd understand the lie but they didn't, they stayed and I can't figure out why I know more about items in this room than those who spent a decade wishing I'd get well soon in the picture it appears that I love them and I think it's clear they love me the children call me papa and the woman says, "beh-be" I don't remember being Spanish but I suppose that I must be I spent ten years dreaming technicolor now I have no real life memories it's as though I'm a newborn ecstatic to finally be free it might seem all I'd know is a dark room but their love is all that I see

 Perfectly Honest ...loading...

 It feels like the music died to me. Last night I was told that urlLink Elliot Smith died . It appeared to be suicide. Last night when I was about to go to sleep I wrote a song. This is the first time I've written a song about a 'celebrity' in the wake of their death. "Goodnight Elliot" your girl has kissed you goodnight your folks left a message again your world's a messy haze of light and it won't stop spinning you've got the motion sickness in misery, oh mercy be let an angel breathe into me some words of inspiration I pray you've been set free you're the kind I couldn't reach out to but if I could would I have broken through you sang your songs for me may an angel lift you up to see the light that peeked in at you no more misery, oh let mercy be goodnight elliot there is nothing I can do not a thing that I can say you've said goodnight but I got to go on about my day goodnight elliot, goodnight this just isn't right.

 Horseshoes and Flip Flops The title is for Jeff. Basically, it means people are as dumb as animals but not groomed as well. Reading this cant be good for you. Just ask the surgeon general. I dont have much to say and what I do have to add aint worth much. Its like youve come over to tell me about Joseph Smith and Im just looking at you funny. I dont make much sense and you dont seem to mind. You keep right on reading. Its all garble after awhile. Just ask Mark Twain or Fannie Flagg. Im not the only one with little to say. Look around. This internet is the composition of and storage of data, most of which is useless. The blogosphere is no exception. Blog knobbling isnt out of this world. What I mean is that there cant be much more element to what a person blogs than there is to what he says in day-to-day conversation. Our blogs are depictions of who we think we are. If you blog and someone asks you, Who do you think you are? Give them your web address. Anyway, this message isnt just for the bloggers in the house. If youre like me (and you are), then youre full of yourself. No ones interested. Take your ball and go home. I sound mean and I am, but I mean it in a nice way (or so I think). And for the record, I don't even like this post. But, oh well. Love it or leave it I guess.

 Christmas Song I'll spend Christmas alone writing you songs It's not a big deal I'll get through it, I will I promise I'll come out alive but give or take a couple days I have you three sixty-five and If I get my Christmas wish I'll have you for life.

 My Emotion "Sunday Mornin' Coming Down" lyircs by Kris Kristofferson popularized by Johnny Cash my favorite version by Shawn Mullins part in bold makes me cry. Well I woke up Sunday morning, with no way to hold my head, that didn't hurt And the beer I had for breakfast, wasn't bad - so I had one more for dessert Then I fumbled through my closet, for my clothes and found my cleanest dirty shirt... And I shaved my face and combed my hair, and stumbled down the stairs to meet the day. I'd smoked my brain the night before on cigarettes and songs that I'd been picking But I lit my first, and watched a small kid cussing at a can that he was kicking Then I crossed the empty street and caught the Sunday smell of someone frying chicken And it took me back to something that I had lost somehow, somewhere along the way On the Sunday morning sidewalk, wishing Lord that I was stoned Cause there's something in a Sunday, that makes a body feel alone And there's nothing short of dying, half a lonesome as you sound, on the sleeping city sidewalks, Sunday morning coming down In the park I saw a daddy, with w laughing little girl who he was swinging And I stopped beside a Sunday school, and listened to a song that they were singing Then I headed back for home and somewhere far away a lonely bell was ringing And it echoed through the canyons like the disappearing dreams of yesterday On the Sunday morning sidewalk, wishing Lord that I was stoned Cause there's something in a Sunday, that makes a body feel alone And there's nothing short of dying, half a lonesome as you sound, on the sleeping city sidewalks, Sunday morning coming down On the Sunday morning sidewalk, wishing Lord that I was stoned Cause there's something in a Sunday, that makes a body feel alone And there's nothing short of dying, half a lonesome as you sound, on the sleeping city sidewalks, Sunday morning coming down

 You Should Support the Fighting Temptations This Hollywood Jesus urlLink interview with Mickey Jones gives plenty of good reasons.

 Spilling my brain. this post, in its full form, coming soon.

 power professed and dressed in red like the blood of the dead and the eyes of the dying life or death, whichever inhabits the man can be seen through the screens of his eyes

 crystal seas carry her dreams she's whisked away to an oyster beach is that out of your reach? if you believe in the pearls and in saving the world you must also believe in ugliness salt, grain after grain collecting perfection perfecting pain crystal seas wash her away to the sunbeam dreams of dreary days.

 Arnold is the New Bill Clinton That's right, He can lie and 'apologize' just like the master. For this reason, I predict he will be elected governor of California in tomorrow's recall election. Afterall, he is the prettiest. I hope and pray though that Californians prove themselves smarter than that.

 Good Evening and Welcome to October! Let's get personal. I mean, it's been awhile since I've clued you in on all the dirt of my life. I've got taco stains on my shirt. That sucks too cause I was going to wear this shirt for the third day in a row tomorrow. So far this month I've sold 11,000 dollars worth of books. Not bad, but I look for things to get better. Got to work off my debt. We don't want the bookies to come get me, now do we? So if you could be so kind, pawn your car or mortgage your house to help me out. Afterall, we are friends aren't we? Oh no, the bookies are here...

 Life Lessons give Life In class today, it was confirmed. Dr. Cunningham is retiring. Apparently, there were rumors swirling about that he was doing this because he disagreed with the direction the school is taking. This is not true. The reason, plain and simple, is that it's time. He said he is in favor of the school's direction 100%. Not only is he in complete agreement, he also contributed greatly to this new direction. Further proving this rumor ridiculous, he will still be teaching adjunct. If you hear anyone saying differently please tell them the truth of it. I began this post to express what this is teaching me. When I learned the truth I started writing profusely. Here it is: God, why must he go? I feel I've missed out on an incredible amount of opportunity. I want to learn all I can from him over this next year. I don't want to waste anymore time. I don't want to sit idly by waiting for relationships to ferment. Dr. Cunningham is a wise man. He is an invaluable asset to me. I have sat back adoring and reverring my professors for too long. I want to make friends of these men. I'm tired of cowering in my seat hoping not to be called on. I want to be mentored. I can't look at these as mere classes anymore, but instead life experiences. I can't stand around waiting to get myself and my mind in order before I approach them. Where have these three years gone? I still do not care about grades. Come to think of it, I don't regret my GPA. What I regret is not learning from all of this. not building these relationships. not allowing them to really teach me. not allowing myself to truly befriend them. I'm not sure why this hits me so hard. I would have been leaving next May anyway. I would have left him, but now we leave together. This hits me hard because it makes me aware, aware even more of the brevity of life and of how quickly the greatest impacts and influences can leave. The window of opportunity often closes quickly. Recently, I've learned that there's nothing presented to me that God doesn't want me to learn from. Without getting into deep discussions of predestination, it's clear either way that we should seek to learn from EVERYTHING...and to use that knowledge for the cause of Christ. This means that even the girl who has no right to hate me but does and the situations that rub me the wrong way have something for me to learn. I have made myself ignorant. I have denied the opportunities God has given me. I have missed numerous opportunities to grow as a person, to grow in faith and understanding and application of both. I want to seek wise council in a way people rarely suggest. School is not what I've dreamed it up to be. It's not at all about theories or degrees. College may just be one of the most crucial life experiences I will ever be faced with. What I am learning here on this paper is one of the most crucial lessons in life. All of my relationships would be richer if I would stop looking at others and asking what they think of me. Rather, I should seek to discover what I've got to learn from them and what I've got to offer them. All of my Christian life I have heard how I should look at people through spiritual lenses...that I should seek to see them like God does. That is a lot harder than it sounds. I'm just starting to learn this.

 Disappearing Christmas Feels like a Sunday morning to me. Guess I'm skipping church again. For the fun of irony I was just listening to "Have yourself a merry little Christmas". Today is "Dime-O-Mite" Day on Ebay which means listing fees are 10 cents across the board. I was planning on working in the library all day but I have to work around this now. I wish I had known sooner. So far this week, at least, it hasn't felt like we are out of school. I've still been there. I've still been busy. I realize it would do more harm than good, but somedays instead of blogging I wish I could just scalpel my head open so anyone could see inside. It sure is a busy life when your spokesman for the International Pale Campaign. A hectic adventure. People just want me for my pigment (or lack thereof). You don't know what I have to deal with. Sometimes I have to wonder if some of these people remain friends. It might seem they want to claim my celebrity, my shining star, as their own. People in positions of peasantry and stature all have to wonder who they can trusts because even the smiling relating ones are often traitors. I must go. I'll leave you with a song. This is my favorite DC tune of the new album and it could easily be my favorite of all. "The Ghost Of A Good Thing" by Dashboard Confessional from A Mark, A Mission, A Brand, A Scar I guess its luck, but its the same Hard luck, youve been trying to tame Maybe its love, but its like you said Love is like a role that we play. But, I believe in you so much I could die for the words that you say But, I believe in you so much I could die from the words that you say But, youre chasin the ghost of a good thing Haunting yourself as the real thing Its getting away from you again While youre chasin ghosts I guess its luck, but its the same Hard luck, youve been trying to tame Maybe its love, but its like you said Love is like a role that we play. But, I believe in you so much I could die for the words that you say But, I believe in you so much I could die from the words that you say But, youre chasin the ghost of a good thing Haunting yourself as the real thing Its getting away from you again While youre chasin ghosts Just bend the pieces till they fit Like they were made for it But, they werent meant for this No, they werent meant for this Just bend the pieces till they fit Like they were made for it But, they werent meant for this Chasin the ghost of a good thing Haunting yourself as the real thing Its getting away, away, away, away from you again Chasin the ghost of a good thing Haunting yourself as the real thing Its getting away from you again While youre chasin ghosts

 The Young and The Beardless: New Soap about a group of prepubescent Amish kids is being screentested as a possible mid-season replacement on CBS.

 The Close of Next Semester At the end of the spring semester I want to be able to say that I: Read 50% of all reading assignments Been prepared well enough to discuss in class Got everything in on time Continued improving relationships with professors and student body Have further surrendered to the Lordship of Christ in relation to time and money Have gotten plugged into a local church body Understand more clearly what it is I do upon leaving Made 5,000 dollars Graduated.

 Michael Jackson: Whatever the case, He's definetly guilty of being the ugliest dude in the world. A pity.

 Just thought I'd drop in to say hi. Der. So, Hi!

 Read "Love Story" last night. It was so good and so sad I could cuss.

 Speech Impediment, an essay When Im not too quiet Im too loud and the rest of the time I just mumble. I have these long and winding thoughts that may or may not be interesting and that may or may not be worth anyones time. But I have them nonetheless. They are lodged inside my head and scratching to get out. Ill get no rest as long as they are there. These trains of thoughts travel with ease across the wrinkles of my brain but find themselves derailed only barely out of the tunnel. Thought caught in a brain is like a bullet in the chamber of a gun or the cure for cancer kept under wraps by government regulations: not all thought is good but its all made impotent if it cannot be communicated. It takes a lot of energy sometimes to raise my voice. Sometimes it takes a lot of guts that I dont have. And when I get all that mustered up I have to clear my throat, several times probably. I have the most trouble carrying on conversations sometimes. I think in outline form and speak in big block paragraphs. People try to wait until the end of a sentence and occasionally if I take a breath they take the opportunity to share their thoughts. In this instance I will very likely lose my place. Whoever I am talking to will likely feel at fault as I scramble to pick up where I left off. I dont blame them. I blame my inability to go with the flow, so to speak. The slightest distraction, even as simple as a door opening, can throw me for a loop. Any hack actor can deliver a monologue, but a truly great actor is a master of dialogue. He can keep pace even when someone else mistakenly leaves out huge chunks of script. It isnt in knowing every line that he is able to do this but rather by knowing the main ideas. This is where I have the most trouble. I think I know them, but when talking to somebody all the points seem pretty noteworthy. I dont want this disability because I prefer talking with people than talking to them. I want their assistance in sharpening my ideas. Whenever I talk too loud, softly or garbled I feel ridiculous. When I feel ridiculous its easy to give up. When I give up I become a gun that won't be fired.

 Changing Things Up Yesterday I took a few minutes to respond to the comments made on the last post. With our school's marvelous internet security my response was lost. So because I don't want another fast one pulled on me and because I want you all to know I talk back I'm blogging my response instead. This will be done in order that the comments are made, most recent first. Perhaps I will make a habit of this. Perhaps I will start a trend. urlLink Scott , I've never heard the Nickel Creek song. "Spit on a Stranger" is just my mantra...just kidding. Actually, I was making reference to a Pavement song. I investigated this urlLink on Amazon and found that the Nickel Creek song is a cover of Pavement's. Very tasteful. I'm impressed. Maybe I'll check out NC now. Thanks. urlLink Drey , Thank you for your kindness. Writing is one of the few things I feel confident in doing. At the same time I think the main ingredient to being a good writer is being able to communicate even the most intricate of thought and emotion to anyone with precision. I think Ive got a ways to go on that. The essay is fact, but keep in mind it is figurative and somewhat exaggerated. urlLink Jeff , Weve talked about this offline, but let me add a few thoughts. I couldnt have been more ready for this presentation. I think there will likely always be a certain amount of social anxiety I have to work through. I know I cant really confront the challenge without Gods help. urlLink Bene , You called me courageous and that was well, encouraging. These essays are the beginnings of my attempt to capture the intensity of the human psyche. (Would someone remind me how to type an accent mark over a letter?) Anyway, your feedback is always welcome. Oh, and thanks for sending me to urlLink the Heresy !

 Anxiety Disorder, an essay nerves. nervousness. anxiousness. unrest. I'm stressed. A lot is going on. The world around me is spinning out of control. So it feels. I could pass out. I could die. Would anyone know why? It is something I anticipate: breaking down, being put into a home, given shock treatment, given up on by everyone I know. Life is chaos. At least the life I've lived. Swells of darkness and patterned struggled breath. Choke hold sweats. Straining. I hope I am depicting a clear picture of the mess I am. This agonizing sense of immediacy comes and goes. When it strikes I have no words to explain. I have no concept of how to really convey this to you. It feels like my physical insides are filled up with emptiness. Expanded by blood rush and air. I expect combustion: internal and spontaneous. Hidden dangers lurk in the shadows. My pulse increases. My awareness of fears abounding heightens. I can't stomach this. Vomit-putrid and foul rises up in my throat. I bite my tongue. I step on one foot with the other. I ask death to evaporate me. Peace is sitting in a chair, laying in a coffin or standing before the world without anticipation of war. I am warred against. Never in this life will peace reign. Or so it feels. I must die to be satisfied. I must collapse so this pound of flesh can be eaten away, leaving only soul. What am I scared of and What do I feel such intense guilt about? I am afraid that all my failures and shortcomings will be realized and made undeniable to all, and that I won't be able to escape that judgement. No matter what I accomplish or how much heart and sweat I put into something I'll only be known for the red "A" on m chest. Failure will be my name. My insides will be outside. No secret will be unexposed. I don't need recognition or approval so much as I just fear being bound like that. especially by those people I identify with and who I believe have the most to offer me.

 Last Words, an essay Another time, another place; I woke up on hot asphalt. I wasnt sure what day it was or where in the world I was or how in Gods name I had gotten here. Had I fallen while walking? Had I been assaulted at an ATM, knocked out, and left in this middle of nowhere? How long had I been laying here? Did I even have an ATM card? I couldnt believe people would have the indecency to leave me like this? Even if they were merely spectators I dont understand. I couldnt tell you what happened to me. Could anyone? All I knew was I felt like I had died and it surprised me I hadnt. The sun burned me. I pulled my coat up to cover my face. All I could feel was the pavement, grain by grain penetrating my skin. My hand slid down my rib cage and to my right thigh. I couldnt feel it but by my fingertips but I had been bleeding. I was scared that I couldnt feel it. I trembled at the sight of my own blood and to make matters worse I threw up on myself. I coughed for several minutes until the noise of it was reduced to a shrill wheeze. I was positive I would die there. To my left I heard something moving. I wanted to turn and look but couldnt. I couldnt move at all. This something moving was an animal. I heard the sound of his breath and chain dragging. Was it a dog? I wished I could see, but then again I wasnt sure I really wanted to. If feared he would attack me. If I couldnt help but die shamefully like this in the middle of an asphalt jungle then was all this added torture necessary. God take me now? I got myself so scared I couldnt breathe again. It was a dog. He snarled. Then he baked with all intensity. I closed my eyes. Maybe I would pass out. Either way I didnt want to watch myself die. Dying was hard enough. In my mind I imagined a German Shepherd. The dogs barking got louder and louder. I cried. Everything went completely black. I felt disappointment, not because I thought the end of my life was a bum rap. I felt all the disappointment that I had ever made anyone I had ever known feel. I had let them all down. I heard no voices. The only thing that haunted me now was my own heart. Even in my sleep I was trying to sort through all of these matters. Part of me felt it necessary and part of me felt I would inevitably hurt everyone I ever came in contact with and many more. My negative impact would extend far beyond the short time I lived. Bum rap? No way. As I tried to work through all of this guilt my mind started to shut down. These thoughts were now only impulses and none of them made sense. Sonic dissonance reverberated through my entire being. I was sure the dog and everyone on that street could hear these death tones. I was sure it would make anyone cry. The dissonance grew and I had one final thought- I think Im dead. A while later I realized the darkness of closed eyelids. I was conscious. With a certain amount of struggle I woke myself and opened my eyes to see what world awaited me. A person I failed to recognize sat beside me in a hospital chair. I tried to turn again but couldnt.. With what energy I had I muttered, Im sorry, Will you forgive me? Without hesitation he said, Yes, of course. Even though I couldnt recognize him it was important to me that he forgave me. I wasnt guilt-free but calm enough that I could peacefully return to my slumber. First I cried another tear and whispered, "thank you."

 Perpetual Motion, an Essay Morning woke me up. For days life had started seeming like one long expansive day. I couldnt remember dreaming. The only evidence I had of sleeping at all was of rising with the sun. I couldnt be convinced that I hadnt merely closed my eyelids for a moment. There was no real distinction of night and day, except for dark and light. It all was one big drain of momentum. I couldnt remember moving and yet everything seemed to be moving so quickly. Of course, when time and space move at equal speed together the universe will seem in perfect stand still. I was paralyzed and dizzy. A flood of memories accompanied my amnesia. Faces had no names or only half names, or maybe I could only remember the first letter. I knew I should know. I knew I had known before. But when, I could remember a lifetime of nothing, an eternity of this cycle which forever had eluded me. Nothing made sense to me. Echoing in the funnel clouds were voices from my pastwell, as far as I know they were voices from your past. Heck, they could have been computer-generated. It scares me to live in a world where ghosts can haunt you via satellite. As I stumbled I recognized a face. I remembered those eyes from first grade. It was my first puppy. Before that occurred to me I struggled to remind myself the difference of man and beast. At least I thought I had found my dog. This was merely delirium as everything else had been. The beast barked and snapped at me. I was terribly frightened. I was sure this wasnt a friend. Then, perhaps I didnt seem to know. Or maybe he was caught up in the nausea too. Maybe he barked in fear. Maybe I reminded him of me and someone who had hurt him. Maybe I had hurt him. Maybe. Maybe he was just a nice dog walking on the side of the road and I, being a mean spirit, kicked him. Maybe dogs have no souls, but they do have eyes and they do have teeth. Sharp teeth. I recalled a person saying again and again that animals have no long term memory. I counted that a blessing and then realized it was now the same shape I was in. I looked for the puppy. I knew the feeling even if it is fleeting. I could relate. I wanted to show him my sad eyes too. I wanted him to walk up to me and let me pet him. I needed that comfort. I needed a friend like that, even if I couldnt remember him. This was agonizing. No longer was there day and night at all. I was trapped in a hurricane. This has been going on for days. Going strong. I couldnt see anything but the wind. All I could hear was its howling. With all intensity the horror of this had increased. I had emerged into the world as a ghost. I haunted no one. I haunted only myself. I could see nothing but the wind. I had never seen the wind before. Now I longed for days the blended together. I longed for equilibrium. With increasing ferocity and anger the rage of wind and mind storm continued. Until suddenly it quieted. All I could hear was the sounds of a conch shell. I listened intently. I heard the ocean. I heard swimming. I wanted to be there. I saw nothing, but colors came into view. One by one they filled my eyes. I couldnt tell them apart. A peace washed over me. I feared I would drown. But at least there would be peace. Suddenly, with the same breath the whole world shook and I felt nothing. I was paralyzed. Feeling gradually came to me. My eyes peeled open. I saw something familiar. I was in my bedroom. There is an amazing sense of stability that comes with the hurricanes conclusionbut with it is the fear of its return. My anticipation sits like an old man in a chair on a porch waiting for the next storm.

 Don't spend money just because it's burning a hole in your pocket. You can always buy new pants.

 when i'm not wearing glasses it's all about the hair when i'm not wearing hair it's probably i don't care but i pray i never lose it i pray i never lose control holding everything but my soul so close, closer than skin i am a castle and nobody gets in one day your gonna find me in crumbs when i am wearing glasses i probably have no lenses and even if my vision's perfect what about the other senses i think i've lost them all and to think i thought that i was tall if you see me looking down remind me that i'm on the ground and here i will remain unless i become nurse for your pain i don't ever want to leave i never want to leave you but i think i'm almost gone we can only go so far before we're going it alone i've kept myself a stranger but now i want to call you home i've tied myself down because i've been afraid to go these knots are binding me and i never learned to sew i know that i can't stay forever but while i'm here can we walk together i don't wanna walk alone mastering the universe is not as easy as it looks evetyone who's his own man is nothing but a crook please forgive me for stealing your love just to sell a life lived like this is the beginning of hell

 A Man with Perfect Abs he speaks in absolutes he knows no myths only universal truths if you speak in gray he considers it abuse of the revelations presented to you fact doesn't swing in flux relativity applies only to things like pick-up trucks precious metals that can be bent, broken or crushed I know this but doubt that he stands at the crux of all data and debate if you've got questions he'll never relate if you need answers lest ye speculate just ask of him nicely and he'll set you straight

 Steam Pressed Brain/ S'plosions pt. 2 When I was a kid I used to have to make my own firecrackers cause we was poor. I'd fill a mustard bottle with gun powder, light the fuse, and throw it at a hot dog stand. The French's got mad cause I blew them all to pieces. The Germans got mad cause I nuked their weiners. The ants got happy because thanks to me they had lunch for a week, albeit was spicy. This story used to be a whole lot longer but I don't remember it now. This would have been funny, but its not. So much for punch lines. There are punch lines that make the whole family life with delight and there are lines a person should simply be punched for saying. I can't remember all the details of the joke, but the punch line is "Yeah, a real good one Eric Stoltz. I bet you tell all the girls that." This story used to be a whole lot funnier and of greater length but what remains are mere shells of men and macoroni. What's sad is I remember this joke distinctly, but it does not remember me. The times have changed and though I remember I just don't see the humor anymore. What can I say? This is the thing we all struggle with. Stay tuned for the next post. It's not as though you have life or sleeping to tend to. Gee, just get over yourself already.

 S'plosions It is now 2:34. I was just thinking about how much my life has changed since I wrote that last post (New Wave Inuit Rest Stop). It hasn't to tell you the truth. That's correct, for five whole minutes I have managed to remain the same. Oh wait. I'm not sure if my mind is playing tricks on me or if I'm morphing into someone else. Hold please. Okay, that was close. Thank God I was able to resist the demonic sway. Be gone, I say. Get on outta here monsters. Demons can make a fellow do lots and lots of crazy things, like peel grapes and buy wrangler jeans. The moral of the story is always be yourself cause if you ain't being you there ain't no telling who you being. I mean, like if you not being you then demons might take over. And there's no telling how long they'll take up residence. Blood suckers.

 New Wave Inuit Rest Stop Until I get tired, "the new wave inuit blogathon" is on. This is the first and possibly the last. I never know when I'll get tired during these slow laughing winter months. This is the first and it could be the first of many. You never can tell. It's 2:22. But that seems a bit irrelevant seeing as how the clock here is a few minutes fast or slow and no one is sure. It seems a bit irrelevant seeing as how no one person's watch has the exact same time. I say, Get a sun dial. Is this too wacky for you? Hang on, I'll wind down in a second and throw you a bone. I thought it would be funny if I could break my record for most number of posts in one month, and to do it the same month as I quit would be extra funny sauce on my big irony laugh burger. Hahahahahaha. Whew. I really need to find my inhaler. Or I'm going to be in trouble. Getting back to what's really important, If I am going to break this record I am going to do it legitimately. Whatever that means. None of this one letter business. That kind of game is for scared ones who hide from thunder. My domain doesn't expire for a year, so I expect all of you will have the time necessary to absorb these posts and tyrrades and leave yer feedback. That is all for now. Still not tired. Keep sleepin' surefoot.

 Dying Words and Sentiments I have an announcement to make. As of January 1, 2004 Eye Level will cease to exist. But never fear, my few dear fans, I'm not quitting the internet. I have a new project that will soon be underway. This is this and that is that. This is not over yet. I want to go out with a bang. Over these next 8 days the site will be more alive than it has been in ages. I will be reflecting on the past 1 year and 10 months of Eye Level, evaluating the failure and success of it, discussing my first solo encounter with the blogosphere, how I've changed and what I would do differently if I had to do it over again. Additionally, I will be detailing the plans I've drawn up for the next experiment. This is the part where you get excited and tell all your friends (and hopefully buy into my new vision). The main difference between "This and That" is that there will be a much more intense focus with the new site. For the purpose of painting a clear picture of myself here I have made many random strokes. The resulting self-portrait has more than less been what appears simply to be blobs of paint. A mess. An undescript chance occurence. A collection of unrelated particles. Sure, if you know me, you know better. Sure, with time you got to know me, even if our connection previous to this was non-existant or merely by way of computer screens. But my often hyper-inward focus alienated many. I thank you for sticking around for the good parts. With all my struggles, I don't think I'm self-absorbed. That's not what I'm trying to hit at by talking about "hyper-inward focus". In this almost two year time period I have not failed to talk about the world around me. And I definetly haven't failed at writing about myself. What I aim to do with this upcoming exploration is to better mesh these two topics together: to talk about myself in relation to the world. I want to be me, but I don't to alienate anyone either. This is a tricky dichotomy. I think most bloggers have wrestled with it. What I want to do is connect with humanity, with people, and to lend a hand in people connecting with each other. Is this an overwhelming purpose statement? Definitely. I wouldn't have it any other way. So c'mon everybody. Gather round my deathbed and let's sing a song. Watch me pass from this life to the next. You need to do this, it's part of the grieving process. Oh, and Happy Christmas!

 You put the 'n' in my Rock'n'Roll. for what for you forever, for true for love for real fortune I feel is in your eyes behind those lush lashes hide stashes of bliss and a certain joy that is to exist I've asked why I was living and now I think I know plant me down wherever it is you go pluck me up before you leave all growing things need sunlight I just need you here to breathe and I will be alright at ease fit to please and ready to rock 'n' roll.

 You won't know what tomorrow looks like until you put today to bed. Hello one and all. Just stopping by here to check grades as professors post them online. Thought you should know I'm not failing anything. At least I don't think. If I do it will be a surprise. Anyway, I still got loose ends to pull together. They aren't quite as loose as kindergarten laces. Even though I've only had about fifteen hours of sleep in the past four days I feel good. I feel good about the semester. It's about time. I'll feel really good about it next week when I am out cold. Seriously though, I feel accomplished. I've never had my ducks in such neat rows. I await tomorrow like a hot pocket in the microwave. And if I bite too soon I'll burn my tongue. Waiting to bite into tomorrow....

 welcoming the winter solstice Im fading into the sun this is my oblivion theres less and less of me to go around cause Im sinking in this undertow town Im wading into the sea this is it Im history and more and more I lose, Ive found what goes up will surely come down the dumber they are the longer they fall Im one with the winter spring birds dont call some are always to lose summers waiting for you but not me its not as easy to be as easy to be free as it looks baby I wrote the books give it time and your best lines will fail you I dont mean to rob mines but I got to tell you the truth winter colors are all the same they bleed together at the close of this day this night will be the rest of my life Im only a boy you can tell no difference between my freezing appendages and my choice Im only a boy lost in the dead winters air Im losing my life you cant help but stare you wonder how winter could be so tragic for me dont hang around to see Im fading into the sun this is my oblivion.

 Quote of the Day: "Pedro the Lion might be The Cure of alt-Christian rock, gloomy, racked with doubt, and leaning heavily on bass-line hooks and moody melodies." thus spake urlLink Jeffrey Overstreet .

 Psyche I'd write on my site, but Jeff seems to be the only reader these days. Maybe I should just e-mail him. Then again, I know there are those of you who still make your appearances here and there. Maybe I should send out a weekly update. What use is there in taking up all this precious webspace? None, except maybe too fed my monstrous ego. No, my ego would have died from starvation long, long ago. You are in my head. These are the things that make me think of dropping off the face of the internet. I'm not going to. Not anytime soon. So don't feel threatened. Ha. What the heck? I guess I'll throw something out at you. You meaning whoever might be on the other side over there wherever it is you are. I have a week and a half until (yay!) the semester is over. As always, just like everyone I know, I'm struggling to pull it all together. That may be nothing short of a miracle, but it won't have to be as miraculous as some of the last ditch efforts I've pulled off in previous semesters. The more I think about being here, existing in this town, the more it gets to me. If I continue to exist here in this beautiful baptist college community am I in agreement with everything it stands for. I believe in this college. I believe in my degree program. I believe in my professors. I even believe in the administration, for the most part. But there are those in positions of great power and influence who seem to be promoting hypocrisy and a kind of "pretty people bureacracy" that I don't recall Christ preaching. By no means am I above sin, but am I incriminating myself by smiling and nodding. I don't know. I really don't. I'm going to keep being here. Until I leave. I long for the day I know where I'm setting sail for next. I long to make that announcement. I long for the day I can finally pack my bags and board the boat for unseen lands. I wait in furious anticipation for life to begin. Coming up next Friday is graduation. This will be the last time I have to watch as other people escape. Soon, I will be one of the graduating seniors. Soon the torment and anguish will have ceased. I long for that. I know more torment and anguish await me wherever I shall find myself. But it will be new. It will taste fresher, because I haven't already had four years to grow ill of it. You try eating the same hot dog every meal for 4 years and see if you don't throw up.

 Madman If Jesus had a good mind he wouldn't find no time for me If Jesus had a good mind he surely wouldn't come over to watch tv (at least not with me.) If Jesus had a good mind tell me why would he die for someone who ain't no good who only loves a lie should it be any surprise to me? Jesus was crazy, Love is lunacy I don't know what it is to lose one's mind I'm just a straight shooter You should ask the God-man Christ.

 I'm not going to always be there for you. So much for finishing strong. I think this is the next to last post, although I'm really not sure. I really don't care. I decided anything I haven't said here can be said at the new place. This week Rich Clark is working on getting my new internet home, Artistic Differences, set up. Don't any of you blogspotters get any crazy ideas. I mean, I'll be paying Rich. I'll be paying BIG. I don't just mean money. Oh no, we're talking indentured service. Slave trade ain't cool, but whatever gets the blogs blogged right? I make no sense. There remains at least one final post. I'm going to go ahead and include you in on the joke. See, the first post was called "A Shave and A Haircut" the last one will be titled "Two Bits". I'm not cool enough to do something that cool and not point it out. I just had to tell you. Ok, Ok, it's not the coolest thing. Alright. Basically what happened was...Mike taught me that knock back when he was my next door neighbor in the dorm. One of us would knock the "shave and a haircut" part and the other would respond with "two bits". Hearing that response signified that the other was home and awake. Then a year or so later I wrote that first post. I gave it the title I did because I had just participated in National Shaving Day, a holiday of my creation. I shaved off sideburns/chops that had adorned my face for about a year and a half prior. Eric Linton had given me a haircut. Later when Mike read the post he said something about "two bits." I wouldn't have wanted to tack that onto the first title because well, it was all free. However, for a long time now I have planned to use "Two Bits" as the title of my concluding post. That works as sort of an endcap, and a nice aset of bookends. I dig things like that. Besides, A shave and a haircut represents a lot of things that went on in my life during the two years of Eye Level. For starters, Mike is one of my closest friends. I surely consider him a golden friend and one of the best I'll ever have. Secondly, the knock represents all the other pals I've made here. Eric sure was nice to cut my hair for free, just like Rich would be willing to set my site up for me without a charge. I figure he deserves to be paid. In fact, perhaps I'll give Eric a couple bucks. I know it's late. These are just three examples of the kind of high caliber people I've come into contact with here. I'd make a shout out list, but I'd be afraid my feeble mind would forget one person for one moment and even though they probably wouldn't be one of my fifteen daily hits I'd still hate that. Thirdly, the knock is reminiiscent of my life here at the college, particularly the dorm and Apartment 13. That is all for now. I'm out.

 To The Hat and The TV Babies I think I've always wanted to be the kind of guy who drops subtle references to film, inside jokes and culture and doesn't disclose the point of reference. Some of the finer moments in which I have thought of more "high brow" references I cannot resist the temptation to share. It's not that I think you'll think me great for some uncanny knowledge. Heck, for another person to recognize it they'd have to be in the joke to. It's just I end up thinking it cooler if I use said point of reference to launch deeper dialogue. In this particular instance, tonight's post, I am referring to Drugstore Cowboy starring Matt Dillon. Dillon plays Bob. Bob robs drugstores to get his fix. This guy lusts for that chemical high more than most people lust for sex. If anyone ever wanted strawberry fields forever* it was Bob. The movie shows how sad and pathetic his existence is and how much he loves it. That is, until, a girl close to him dies. He saw fit to blame himself. He didn't like his life anymore, so he caught a ride home and checked himself into a meth clinic. Now your probably more confused than ever. What's that got to do with me? I'm not exactly sure, but it made sense when I started writing this. Ok. I think I got it. I love blogging, but I sure liked it a whole lot more when I first started. I saw it all as an opportunity and encouragement to work on my writing. I think that has done me well. I used to pay more attention to my blog than I did to people I was close to. That may not be healthy, but the point is how much I loved it. The very existence of the blogworld inspired me. Somewhere along the way the site started dying. I made all kinds of attempts to redeem it, to renew my online vitality. Many of them presented moments of renewed vision and sparkle but it all got dull again as the moment passed. I can honestly tell you I've never just wanted attention. It's not that no one reads. I know for a fact they have and continue to. I felt those posts that I put the most into went unnoticed or misunderstood. You know, like the gruellingly long ones. I'd like to thank everyone for the time they invested in Eye Level. You were there. I appreciate it. To be truthful, it's like I kept looking for this audience that I didn't have. I was trying to find and attract readers who enjoyed my long windedness or at least people's longwindedness on similar and related subjects. I got discouraged when those people didn't flock to my door. I'm sorry for taking any of you for granted. The site really started dying when I felt at least under the surface that this was a lost cause. That's why it is time to move on. I'm ready to write crazy all day like I used to. I'm ready to read and respond to any questions or comments. To be frank, I'm hopeful about upcoming chaos and arguments that may happen here. I hope those glory days are not all gone. I am like Bob because I realized I wanted something different. I have abandoned ship on "the life" I was living and am catching train to somewhere new. I am like Bob at the clinic; I want this new life but I don't really know how to go about it. It feels like I'm trying to stretch my way into someone else's skin. As for the internet,I feel dead, but also I feel life ready to explode right out of me. I want to fill my veins with all of it. The whole bag. That's pretty much it, I guess. Don't let me die like this.

 Bang-Fizzle-Pop Was going to blog last night but ended up going to the movies with Angie, Steve and Donna. You know, it was my dad's birthday and stuff. Can't blog tonight cause lil' brother has a lil' girlfriend to call. He thinks he's a pimp. I'll say a few words tomorrow. Bizye.

 Loved Ones Become Blurred Blobs of Flesh as The Plane Ascends. So nice to see you. I am famous for taking forever when writing posts. Well, I won't be having that luxury now. I'm living by a calendar, see? I am on the clock. To maximize the twenty to thirty minutes that I have I will be thinking ahead during the day. During classes and car rides I will be exploring my brain to pinpoint the things I most specifically want to say. It's sad when farewell has to be truncated and abbreviated. At the same time, though I feel that this will force me to hit the nail on the head and without any injury to my thumb. Perhaps, this is an approach I should applicate with Artistic Differences. Writing on the run. Seven minutes have passed. And there went three more. I aim to please. I mean I wouldn't have drug you here if I thought this would be some fly-by-night ramblings. Let the record show, I have nothing against personal blogging. It just isn't the road I plan on driving. Actually, I will continue doing such on To Whom. I was thinking today about what I started this site as and what it has become. They aren't total opposites, but they are two separate things. I guess true artistes experience this for themselves. You could say the art always has a mind and life of its own. You could. I could say you were wacko. Although, I would admit an artist doesn't always know what a "creation" is on the outset. Sometimes people don't change at all for years or even their entire existence. Well, not drastically. Other times we change in the middle of writing a poem. I think there is a thing to be said for "nonsense poems" so long as they use real words. They can stir the mind. Although it's dangerous it is also rare for the human mind to be stirred. I think sometimes all we can do is just get out there and get to it. Even if later we find that we'd like to boycott ourselves. How come I shouldn't just let the site evolve with me? I don't know, I just know I shouldn't. Perhaps I will explore that topic later this week. On the second day of this Farewell Tour, it is easy to be discouraged. No comments. I know, I know. That doesn't prove much. People may have been so stunned they didn't know how to react. It happens. Whatever the case, none of this hurts my feelings. I've been writing for 26 minutes. The only reason I'm giving thought to hits and comments right now is that this is only going to last another 12 days after today. Still I press on. I, at least, want to be able to look back and feel that the work was complete. Thanks for your time.

 Welcome to Goodbye I sit here contemplating two questions, What have I gotten myself into? and Can I pull this off? To me, these are two of the essential questions of life. So what is this that I have gotten into? I kinda let on that there would be some blogging action going on here over the next two weeks. OK. Im not backing out. Im not. There have been times in recent history that I have made such claim, like say 30 poems in 30 days, and have not followed through. If I thought that would be the outcome this time I would not have told anyone about it. If I havent told you, this is me telling you. Its been quite awhile since Ive posted with any frequency, but that isnt the part I doubt. Moreso, I wonder if I have anything of value to add. Here, the question I ask is, Am I wasting your time? Still, for some reason Eye Level feels like a sentence fragment. I couldnt let that go on unattended. So, Im here to wrap things up. However, if I keep Eye Level in business for more than two weeks it will become a run-on sentence. I hope that makes sense. Ill be here tomorrow, I hope you too will be.

 Two Bits I've always wanted to say that. I'm writing this with the thought of it one day being part of archives when I move on to a new site. Otherwise, I know no one besides Donna is going to read this. And I'll probably read it to her. I always do. No, no I'm not getting down on myself. No one will read this because the site, the domain I should say has passed away. Writing this post at this moment in this quietness of my own mind I contemplate a new site of my very own. Will this contemplation ever come to fruition? I don't know. I just never know what I am going to do. The thought is there that maybe I will use this as a mode of learning how to write without thinking anything about an audience, a potential audience or the lack thereof. Blogging was one of the greatest experiments for my writing, and yet it has done damage. I let it. I need to learn how to write again. Besides I haven't journalled in so long it's sad. I would like to get this writing thing down and then have readers. Like, you know, leave the site public but unadvertized. I'm going to leave that word mispelled because screw it...I can forgive myself as long as no one is looking. Goodnight me. Thanks for tuning in, Donna.

 tomorrow is a metaphor for better luck next time your trying to talk to me i'm trying to eat i can't get through three bites for all the words i must speak your questions have been answered before but you weren't listening then just like you aren't hearing me now you pose complex questions and then expect i beckon to your every skepticism you don't need reason with such a great smile if i point out the obvious the falsehood of your flawlessness i am trying simply to be different that is i prefer to be at odds if you care for the answers then shut your mouth no one was asking you nothing no how i wasn't asking questions if i were maybe you would have heard, "are you stupid?" every single day people prove themselves dumb its easy to be yourself when your soul has gone numb i say i've lost my apetite you look at me as if i have no right no right to be disgusted with perfection personified so-called gospel truth is nothing short of daddy lied your a cork in the water hoping for a fish cause if you don't catch a whopper you will formally complain regarding your wish you aren't the worst person i've ever met but give me a break you're so sure you were in the boat everyone i know says your in the lake my final question is what do you amount to are you someone who always answers a question with a question?

 at dusk i get depressed as the sun goes down i go blue is this about seratonin or the dingy of my shoes i can't clean and i can't cook i'd save your life if you wrote a book who are we to name judges who are we to appoint bestsellers its criminal the way we read our minds and hide our truths from one another like kitchen gadgets in a drawer or cabinet like men in swim trunks ashamed of our bodies

 Mind Control Ain't Such A Bad Thing I have previously employed a metaphor of hamsters to explain brain activity and thought origin. You know, those hamsters keep the wheels of thought turning. See, Doc that ain't the problem...the trouble is I got too many things going on in the ol' noggin. This doesn't make me smarter, it makes me brain strangled. It's like I've got all these rats running around off their wheels in the empty wherehouse of my brain. I reckon I need to set a few traps. Control the situation, you know? Whether or not this paragraph has made sense or not is one thing. My main concern is that I have managed to communicate a singular thought. This takes patience, focus and practice. Writers typically encounter two problems: Writer's Block and Writer's Blitz. Block is overemphasized. It is, of course, when a writer sits to write and nothing happens. Blitz, on the other hand, is when multiple disparate strands of thought all happen at the same time. It's easy to get distracted in this scenario. It works sort of like some kind of adult ADD. Ooh...Sorry about that. I stopped for a minute cause I saw a math word: ADD. It freaked me out, sincerely. See that joke...confusing but not deep. Think of an unkempt yard in autumn. There are layers of debris but nothing you would usually rake up is under the surface. Most folks, like me, are just big messes. Most blogs are just messy. I don't mean the writing necessarily. I don't mean anything personal about that, it's just that there's so much going on. As there is here. I guess what I'm saying is that we should make one point at a time, this as opposed to taking random stabs blindly.

 I have the greatest, sweetest, most wonderfullest girlfriend in all the world. I was going to write more but that would detract from the one thing I really wanted to say. At the end of the day nothing else is even worth the mention.

 i don't like when people refer to love as mood if that were so i'd fall out of love with the changing of my attitude and if the heart of love changes like the weather is there ever any point in saying you're together if a lover is only a faitweather friend then it cannot be claimed that this love is made to withstand until the end you could say the end is when its over but what good would that do there lies in that no promise or hope that i won't wake up in another mood if we were left to our own advances there surely would be no lifelong romances based upon faithfulness for the human heart is anything but if we are to ever know anything about real love we must ask of God to open wide our eyes so that we may see beyond the cynicism and sentiment of the occassions so that we may see beyond the lies and the abrasions that we've known thus far only then can we love with a whole heart only then can we truly love at all only then can it rightfully be called love until then all genders of men will strive for this splendor scaling mountains and asking hot dog vendors and they will document their quests in prayer, late night conversation and in song simply becase some have unopened eyes doesn't mark their strivings in vain or as wrong God implants these concepts of love deep within our hearts and consciousnesses and this is how we dream of what we've never firsthand known before we were, God was and it is He who has shown our hearts the hints of all that can be and that is what it is to love and how people can be free so please don't refer to love as mood even if you've yet to see because if love is based solely on attitude then our hope could never be.

 "I'm Building Muscles, I Can Feel It!" I'm Doogie Howser and it's the end of the show. I sit here for a moment to reflect. What I have to say may or may not be revolutionary. It could very likely be cliche, but cliche is okay as long as its sincere. Today marked one month since I graduated. It also marked my second day of work in that time. I spent the better part of the first two weeks looking for employment. It was like how some people fish. You know, like they just throw the line out and then aren't really conscious of the pulls and tugs. They may get a few nibbles but they probably won't reel anything in. A week and a half into this lackadaisical search and aware of my need for money I took a job at a teleservices company. I filled out all the necessary paperwork that Thursday and on the following Tuesday I started training. Of course, this was the beginning and the end. While the job was one of the better paying jobs any schmo can walk in off the street and get I couldn't handle the burden of one particular thing this job would require: to mislead people. You might call it a "don't ask, don't tell" policy meaning that unless a customer asks specific enough questions I was not to inform them of things which might greatly effect their bill. I'm not trying to be a self-righteous but I don't think I could be a scammer professionally. Needless to say that didn't work out. Donna was working there too and after the day of work we assessed the situation. Did we want to go back? Not really. Did we need the money? The need could not be denied. However, and this is what we based our decision on, if we worked there 8-5 (no lunch break) our opportunities to look for other jobs would be practically non-existant. By this point, we had no intention of staying past the two weeks of training. As far as we could tell it wouldn't be honest to go for the training if we didn't plan on staying the course. So we decided that instead of going back we'd start the next day bright and early on the job hunt. This time with our honing devices intact. Last weekend was my family reunion. On the way back from it, this Sunday, I returned a call to my would-be boss at the phone book delivery office. He had me come in on Monday. I was the first person from Florida to walk through his door so he was ready to pile route upon route onto my plate. It was a matter of a fifteen minute orientation and just a tad bit of paperwork. And before I knew it, the car was packed with about 350 phone books. The greatest thing about this gig is I get to work with Donna. We're splitting the workload and, of course, the profit. We had a couple hours of errands to run in Dothan and then arrived in Marianna, the locale of our first routes, at 3:oo. By 5 we had gotten rid of about 84 books. We expect to finish the route today, two weeks exactly since we walked away from teleservices. I'd also like to note that through amazon.com we made more than we would have from the unnamed teleservices company. We would not have been able to do amazon like we have if we had maintained that job. So it all works out and I reckon we have to be thankful to God for jobs and Alexander Graham Bell. Doogie Howser, signing off...

 People on television have jobs. That is, unless they're on a local news spot about unemployment. Otherwise, I can't relate to the people inside the tube because they have a reasonable source of income. It upsets me at how easily television characters can find a job. Or how easily forgiven their faux-paus are? Or how almost everyone in the small screen has all the right connections? It's easy on television to convince a potential boss that you are indeed the ideal candidate for the job. If one job interview doesn't go well, the second surely. The max on this is three. Check the record. The following is a list of people inside the television who have jobs but are no more competent that I am: 1. Al Bundy, shoe salesman 2. Cliff (Cheers), Postal worker 3. Norm (Cheers), Accountant 4. J.R. Ewing, Oil Tycoon 5. Tony Danza, Cabbie and Maid 6. Archie Bunker, Cabbie 7. Fred Sanford, Junk Dealer 8. Homer Simpson, Plant worker 9. Jesse, 1999 Wanna-be-a VJ Winner 10. Uncle Joey (Full House), Comedian 11. John Kerry, Senator and Presidential Candidate 12. Arthur Fonzerelli, Mechanic, Substitute Teacher and In-House Cool Guy 13. Darrin (Bewitched), Ad Agent 14. Larry Hagman on I Dream of Jeannie, Astronaut 15. George Jefferson, Entrepenuer and Dry Cleaner 16. George Clooney on E.R., Doctor 17. Dr. Phil, Television Personality 18. The Brawny Man, Tough Woodsy Type, Good with clean-up 19. Roger Ebert, Movie Critic 20. Tim Taylor, Tool Man 21. Al Bourland, Tool Man's Bearded/Flanneled Sidekick 22. Goober (Andy Griffith Show), Gas Station Attendant 23. Floyd, Mayberry Barber 24. Carl Winslow (Family Matters), Policeman 25. Ted Baxter (Mary Tyler Moore Show), News Reporter If they can do it, why can't I? Because it ain't in the script and I'm not on the air.

 In the A.M. This has to be the sixteenth effort I've made at starting this post.&nbsp; With the others I got into maybe the second letter of the fourth word before backspacing.&nbsp; My eyes are burning I'm so tired.&nbsp; But, I know your sitting up waiting for me to say something so here goes. You know, for every cigarette a person smokes they are taking 7-11 minutes off of their life.&nbsp; That's killer.&nbsp; I think it takes about that long to smoke one too, how ironic.&nbsp; I also learned from television that Crest Whitener "takes off fourteen years."&nbsp; If I used that one and a half times I'd be teething again.&nbsp; What happens if a person smokes while using the Whitener?&nbsp; That's right, they'd cancel each other out. Nick at Nite just turned into Nickelodeon.&nbsp; This means it is time to go to sleep.&nbsp; But, I persist even as I cry in exhaustion.&nbsp; At 2am I thought I might blog five posts before collapsing.&nbsp; I had that many singular thoughts.&nbsp; Most of it related to the upcoming election.&nbsp; Can I get a show of hands- who saw John Kerry's speech tonight? Go ahead and raise your hand even if you promptly fell into a deep sleep a few minutes into the droning.&nbsp; I don't see how I didn't.&nbsp; He reminds me of Mr. Ed and Goat Man all at once.&nbsp; I expect at any moment he'll "nay".&nbsp; Did you notice how he kept calling us "fellow citizens" over the standard "fellow Americans"?&nbsp; I didn't think he would be so bold as to hint at his plans for a one world government this early on. Laugh now while you still have the freedom to.



 "Don't Have a Cow, Man!" &nbsp; Does the future hold a gay Bart?&nbsp; Your guess is as good as mine, but Simpsons' execs say a longtime character will "come out" during an episode next January about gay marriage.&nbsp; urlLink Read the full text .

 Been so Tired It just occured to me why that is:&nbsp; I've been taking allergy medicine that causes drowsiness.&nbsp; I still wonder though if I might be getting sick.&nbsp; I should hope not.&nbsp; It really isn't a good time.&nbsp; Wouldn't it be nice if we could schedule our ailments?&nbsp; For the past few days I've been working on a secret project.&nbsp; This is why I haven't blogged.&nbsp; I've just been too consumed with my work to take time for kid things.&nbsp; Haha, I may as well let the dog out the basket:&nbsp; I'm constructing the list of my top 100 songs.&nbsp; I look to put the finishing touches on this sometime tomorrow.&nbsp; I've had a lot of free time but haven't done much with it.&nbsp; Knowing what to do with free time is the hardest thing.&nbsp; All through college I had this process.&nbsp; During the semester I desired to put time toward independent studies and personal writing assignments.&nbsp; During the breaks I had in mind to devote the bulk of the time away to writing.&nbsp; It never worked out so nicely. Recently, struggling with the need for a permanent job and the current inability to get one I contemplated if it would be a better use of time to stay at home and work on query letters to magazines and publishing houses.&nbsp; The other day at the bookstore I contemplated the notion of pursuing writing full-time.&nbsp; At BCF my professors compelled me to believe that I should be engaged in a vocation of ministry in addition to writing.&nbsp; From this angle on 'not writing for the sake of writing' I began to regard writing as a secondary and complementary talent to teaching.&nbsp; I'm not convinced anymore.&nbsp; For starters, who's to say writing isn't a ministry?&nbsp; Also, what I want to do with writing will take most, if not all, of my time.&nbsp; I don't proclaim this as a new clarification.&nbsp; I've made that mistake before. In fact, I still see myself as a teacher.&nbsp; I just don't know how to have the best of both worlds or, if necessary, how to choose.&nbsp; I think I could do both.&nbsp; But only eventually.&nbsp; In the mean time I really like the idea of studying English, creative writing, or journalism.&nbsp; A good thing is that I don't feel the anxiousness about resolving this as I previously have.&nbsp; Once we are married our first educational priority is for Donna to return back to school for her Master's.&nbsp; She has to have that to go into her chosen career path.&nbsp; I don't.&nbsp; There remains the option of enrolling in a college that has what we're both looking for.&nbsp; They exist, we have discovered.&nbsp; I've really started to like the expression "not all who wander are lost."&nbsp; It makes me feel better.&nbsp; The search builds confidence in the final conclusion.&nbsp; And I've decided I'm not wishy-washy.&nbsp; On the interstate last week that occured to me, out of nowhere.&nbsp; I blurted it out and Donna said, "I didn't say you were."&nbsp; I never changed my major.&nbsp; Oh, but I did?&nbsp; No, technically I didn't.&nbsp; I added a second major, the registrar's office screwed up and the first major was dropped.&nbsp; After realizing their error I concluded that there was no need to add the dropped major back.&nbsp; I have made a lot of different statements on what I thought I should do with my life, but I haven't had to make a decision yet.&nbsp; It's all just been heady discussion.&nbsp; Mostly me talking to myself.&nbsp; Sometimes talking to God.&nbsp; Sometimes discussing it with Donna.&nbsp; I'll have it resolved as soon as I need to.&nbsp; I yawn "guh-nii".

 Didn't I Say You'd Miss Me? &nbsp; You always do.&nbsp; And yet you act so smug about it when we say goodbye.&nbsp; In any case, I understand your struggle to be masculine so I'll let this go.&nbsp; The situation here has changed for the better.&nbsp; Although, I won't take back all that I said about it before.&nbsp; It was true.&nbsp; It's a different story now.&nbsp; I like this story now.&nbsp; The only thing I'm having to put up with is an octagenarian relation who thinks everything is doom and gloom and that me and Donna are naive about how hard married life will be.&nbsp; I suppose we are naive to some extent.&nbsp; That is, we've never done this before.&nbsp; But to act like there's no hope and that we'll never make it is futile.&nbsp; If it's true then we'll die together.&nbsp;&nbsp; If it's true then we are either morons or there's nothing we can do about it.&nbsp; I've seen plenty of half-wits manage marriage with modest efficiency.&nbsp; I'm no genius but I ain't no gump either.&nbsp; Our records speak for themselves: we've learned to budget and how to live on almost nothing. I think she'd have a more positive outlook if I was wealthy.&nbsp; Money is the chief concern.&nbsp; I'm unemployed.&nbsp; That's no good.&nbsp; I believe this is all a matter of timing.&nbsp; I've been thinking about this a lot and that's what it is.&nbsp; Me getting a job is a matter of God's timing.&nbsp; I've gotten a peace about this, I believe.&nbsp; In the past I've worried that I wasn't doing my part and that I would go hungry and into debtor's prison because of it.&nbsp; I'm too desperate to not do my part.&nbsp; I am confident that this season of unemployment will be over soon. Oh and I almost forgot I'm closing out talks with Random House for rights to publish my first book.&nbsp; I think we'll be okay. Don't miss me too much.

 Choosing Our Own Misadventure I learned on the news yesterday afternoon that "a vote for Nader is a Vote for Bush".&nbsp; What causes this phenomena?&nbsp; Well, it seems that according to polls Nader is taking most of his votes from Kerry.&nbsp; Currently, King Ralph has about 4 percent of the vote.&nbsp; The elephant and the donkey are neck and neck with the jackass at a one point lead. Vote Bush.&nbsp; Vote Nader.&nbsp; Write in Ross Perot, yourself,&nbsp;or the old sweaty mechanic who lives down the street.&nbsp; Just don't vote for Kerry.&nbsp; He'd tell you, "A vote for me is a vote for America" but I don't buy it.&nbsp; I think he's going to sell us into slavery. It sounds wacky now, but just wait and see.&nbsp; Some of us are going to be traded off to Castro as field workers and sex employees.&nbsp; He's going to use the rest of us to put up strip malls and condominiums all across the United States then he's going to rent them out to the rest of the world.&nbsp; Watch out!&nbsp; Our lives as we now know them will be over if he wins this thing.&nbsp; Our houses will be ransacked and bulldozed.&nbsp; Our democracy will be no more.&nbsp; You think I'm kidding but if anything I'm only being proverbial.&nbsp; Perhaps I'm just an off-my-rocker conspiracy theorist or perhaps John Kerry is the antichrist... Blows your mind, don't it?

 I sleep here. It's two minutes til three and that's when I told myself I would go to bed.&nbsp; I'm not completely happy with the template, but for now it will do.&nbsp; I think. I either got to tweak this soon or change it back.&nbsp; Certain things are getting on my nerves so I have to do something about it.&nbsp; Wow, blogger really did get better all the sudden didn't it? I'm not the smartest crayon in the box but any competition would be hard pressed to convince someone there product outclasses.&nbsp; Especially the kind that cost. I'm staying up past my bedtime but after a certain point&nbsp;a person&nbsp;gets so sluggish and there isn't a thing they can do about it.&nbsp; In other words, if we look at this situation squarely we'd see that there will be no consequence tomorrow for my self-imposed insomnia tonight. I am dog tired.&nbsp; Donna's asleep in her room.&nbsp; I'm soon to pass out on the couch.&nbsp; Meanwhile, when I hear the patter of the dog's feet I wonder if it's Donna coming in to tell me to go to sleep.&nbsp; I find out it's just the dog and I feel lonelier.&nbsp; People are generally aware of what fuels a car drinks.&nbsp; This is important because if you mess that up you may be out the cost of repairing or replacing an entire engine.&nbsp; We are very aware of our car's health and yet, we are not very aware of our own health or what goes into our bodies. Which reminds me, the other day I saw a USA Today newspaper ad front headline which said, "Eat Less, Exercise More."&nbsp; What a startling revolution.&nbsp; I cannot believe it was as simple as that all along.&nbsp; We don't care what goes into our bodies.&nbsp; We expect our life will continue.&nbsp; This probably comes from our stupid belief in our own invincibility.&nbsp; How dare we, what with friends dying all around us? I'm cutting this short.&nbsp; Dance recital.&nbsp; P.S. I'm going to go drink 2 sodas, eat a sandwich, and sleep on the fat.&nbsp; This way I'll have something to chat about next time I have lunch at my parent's.&nbsp; P.S.S. You can't see it from there but I've been fouling one of every few words.&nbsp; I know for sure, that it is definetly time to do.&nbsp; Love you as I have and will.&nbsp; Goodnight.

 The Flop hair down to my shoulders can't get anywhere looking like that can't afford a haircut can't see to cut it myself i guess i'm just down on my luck the lady wouldn't talk to me when i asked her to come up everytime i tell that story people think they know what i'm driving at but all i wanted was some tips for blackjack if i could just win the big one i could get myself over and out but as it stands i lose every hand i guess luck is dumb to bid on i guess this long lost son needs to go home and stop eating forbidden slop i wonder if the dude that runs the place would let me push a mop cause after i went out and had a big time i became a big, big flop now all i need is a miracle called "making ends meet" when i trapsed off to conquer all i never thought i'd end up in the street but i have, here i am what's a boy to do i'd go out to apply for jobs except i don't have any shoes and we all know you can't get through the door barefoot it's becoming easier to ask for help and even easier to admit i've failed but much, much harder to stand on my own two legs much less walk home on them

 Cannot Establish Connection searching the internet for inspiration so far no good staring into a cold monitor watching my breathe puff like smoke you ever watch a home video and see a friend or foe staring you down it's a fascinating phenomena going eyeball to eyeball through a glass wall one time i had this friend he wanted to be a cameraman he'd look at me through a lens and ask me to circumspect i was never surewhat he was getting at so i just cracked a smile, laughed and talked about politics as i was saying i was here tonight i had logged online trying to find something to inspire all i found was an article about a california fire and it only made me colder.

 Pat Spreads The Word Breaking News: In partnership with TBN, Pat Robertson to use ears as satellites to expand spread of gospel to two third world countries and Antartica. Good afternoon and welcome to my 700th post.&nbsp; 700.&nbsp; How is that?&nbsp; That is this site and its previous incarnations: drowning man, eye level and this new thing.&nbsp; Only one of those was to the first site.&nbsp; This is the single post for the 07/2001 archive.&nbsp; Eye Level racked in the bulk of 'em leaving I Write Here with the last 15-20.&nbsp; You don't care and I don't mind.&nbsp; I've had other personal blogs but I've maintained these three as I have so as to keep all the archives together.&nbsp; This is because I'm no technical genius.&nbsp; And I like my archives.&nbsp; It's fun to have a history.&nbsp; With my blogs and To Whom totalled I have something like 890 posts.&nbsp; I think I'm making my new goal to bat a thousand.&nbsp; It's real handy that blogger keeps a count of this for me.&nbsp; I like the new&nbsp; profile and stats features a lot.&nbsp; I must confess I took this idea from Jeff.&nbsp; Don't be mad buddy, Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.&nbsp; The fact that I used your idea means I thought it was a good one.&nbsp; Since these new feature came into being I noticed I wasn't far behind To Whom.&nbsp; Jeff and I both thought this was funny and unique because I had long periods of stagnation.&nbsp; The fact that I kept up could mean a lot of things, like for instance that I waste more time than most people or simply that on occassion I write with compulsion.&nbsp; Either way it doesn't matter much, but because I wanted to get back to actively writing I made it a personal goal to catch up. That's the purpose behind these paragraphs.&nbsp; I've caught up.&nbsp; Neat.&nbsp; Let's all get back to work. One last thing, if there's anyone thinking maybe I'm just being competitive I'd ask you to slow down.&nbsp; To further prove this I'll quote a comment on Jeff's post which I wholehearedly agree with. From Debbie to Jeff: "May I say I enjoy your writings the most....and infact, skip to your entries before reading the other ones. No particular reason other than I find your works interesting. "

 the points don't matter i've never felt so unaccepted and i went through ninth grade my dad told me to punch those guys mislead, i believed turning my cheek was a better way still unsure of my opinion i hold it in and i'm much more coward than i am brave if i said what i was thinking you'd fall into your long awaited grave have you got your tombstone picked out ms. doc holliday you like to say "all life is dying" isn't it about time you lived up to this claim ma'am i've been minding my p's and q's while you pretend to have forgotten my name but when asked "what's wrong with this picture?" you know exactly who i am and credit me with the shame don't forget i am a human being not just a token in a boardgame to win you have been ruthless and gone against the accepted rules of play but what will you lose in winning?

 Charlie Walker's Place Remember a couple weeks or so ago I said I was going to make myself publish three posts a day?&nbsp; This is the first time I have accomplished such.&nbsp; From about day four of saying that I realized that it wasn't necessary.&nbsp; That is, I set the goal so as to motivate myself to write more frequently.&nbsp; I have managed a decent pace anyway.&nbsp; That goal is out the window.&nbsp; I'm just making it a point now to write a few times a week.&nbsp; Sometimes, possibly with regularity, I will do a whole lot more. The above paragraph doesn't seem like enough to leave it at that.&nbsp; It is the whole thought, but I got to think up something else.&nbsp; I hope that you all are enjoying this discussion I have been having about the struggles and thought patterns I encounter when trying to write.&nbsp; I'm getting better but as I'm making writing habitual again I find it an interesting process to document. This precise moment ends the first complete day here in Jackson, TN.&nbsp; It feels like a week to me.&nbsp; It will be four more sets of 24 hours.&nbsp; Good times, good times.&nbsp; Yes, I'm being sarcastic.&nbsp; Of course, I always have fun with my girl but here in this house I feel irritated, uncomfortable and unwelcome.&nbsp; I have in mind to write a&nbsp;poem later about this.&nbsp; Saying that reminds me of once when I had gotten pissed off at something TR said (as I walked away) "Why don't you go write a poem about it?"&nbsp; That guy sure was/is a hoot, and no, I'm not being sarcastic.&nbsp; That was a side note.&nbsp; Back to the main idea...How I feel at this location is something difficult for me to explain.&nbsp; But, don't worry I've learned to explain myself with some decency.&nbsp; It isn't like anyone's yelling, "Get out of here."&nbsp; If it were that direct responding to it would be oh so much easier.&nbsp; It's passive-aggression.&nbsp; It's shooting down any of the few comments or opinions that I input.&nbsp; It's someone talking to Donna like she can't get through life without someone holding her hand when time has provided mass amount of evidence to the contrary.&nbsp; It's someone talking to Donna like I'm not here.&nbsp; It's that I'm treated like a temporary fixture in&nbsp;Donna's &nbsp;life.&nbsp; I am here to stay.&nbsp; People ought to become accustomed to the concept.&nbsp; The way I get through this week involves sitting at this computer desk (which is placed conveinently in the livingroom in view of the television), making little noise through tv shows and movies and talking to Donna about all of this when there's the opportunity.&nbsp; As for now, I promised my girl that we would watch Scary Movie 3 together.&nbsp; So...toodaloo.&nbsp; P.S. I want to send a shout out to the masked marauder and long lost friend Rich Clark.&nbsp; Rich, I get sad when I walk by your abandon apartment.&nbsp; To everyone else, goodnight and I love you.

 Me, Wanted: Dead or Alive?&nbsp; I can't decide. &nbsp; When I began this new blog I was in the campus computer lab.&nbsp; I was there when I first wrote, "I write here."&nbsp; From there the typical became writing at Donna's apartment and occassionally my own.&nbsp; That's the great thing about laptops is that with the ease of making toast you can tote it anywhere and as long as there's a phone jack you can even get on the internet.&nbsp; (Well, if you have a local dial-up number or long distance dial-up numbers and piles of excess cash.)&nbsp; The point is that where I wrote became&nbsp;the new place.&nbsp; Today I sit here writing at Donna's childhood home in Tennessee.&nbsp; The location changes but the life is pretty much the same.&nbsp; I have found that a person can be bland anywhere.&nbsp; &nbsp; Continuing...If you notice the archives to the left you may be curious as to why I still talk like this is a new thing.&nbsp; What I have been meaning to do is set those archives off so that it is clear they are from a different blog.&nbsp; What's the difference?&nbsp; Oh about 15,000 hits.&nbsp; And as you may know I had all but dropped off the face of the internet.&nbsp; It was time to start fresh.&nbsp; The only thing the same about these two distinct blogs is that I wrote there as I write here.&nbsp; Maybe it seems all the same to you, but I needed a break and a new launching point.&nbsp; This is entertaining to me and that is why I'm writing it, not sure whether or not you'll care much for it or not.&nbsp; I care but with the old venue I cared too much.&nbsp; For once I can discern the difference. &nbsp; Today's final thought: Everybody's thinking and they're letting everyone else know.

 you don't believe in aliens how come how can you not they're all over the place straight from outer space call me a theorist or a co-conspirator but close encounters have never been closer &nbsp; there was a nuclear fallout the papers never told cause even they didn't know they talked about election they talked about choice missing that the mushroom cloud had robbed us of our voice no one even noticed we voted all the same even though the candidate had two different names &nbsp; i talk to them and ask myself how could i be the only one who gets this why have i been gifted like cassandra with this curse to see our signals mixing as the dee-jay drives our hurse &nbsp; i can see your unborn children and already i don't like them they march like martians in perfect lines a hundred miles back a thousand lifetimes ahead and they're already dead but you can't even see that in unidentified lifts life is death and that casual sex is assisted suicide &nbsp; you'll take a free ride anywhere you don't even ask where you are going and that's the state of all great nations this apocalyptic morning &nbsp; buzz off.

 Stunk on Drupid Twice today I was instant messaged by a person saying I'm the undertaker, telling me I ought to change my Johnny Cash buddy icon and asking for celebrity screen names.&nbsp; It was under two different AIM accounts but logic informs me the same mastermind(s) are behind both occurences.&nbsp; Here for your reading pleasure is highlights from the second conversation. &nbsp; identity crisis Stng783: yo undertaker dobler 34: what? dobler 34: im not the undertaker Stng783: Undertaker Stng783: u got a prob..... Stng783: yo Stng783: wait dobler 34: ok Stng783: give me any wrestlers sn if u have any Stng783: pretty please dobler 34: funny Stng783: no its not dobler 34: im not a wrestler Stng783: wat ever &nbsp; dissin' on cash Stng783:&nbsp; yo change tht icon Stng783: man Stng783: it looks dum Stng783: Cash Stng783: wats tht dobler 34: did you im me earlier under a different sn? Stng783: nope Stng783: tht was 50Cent dobler 34: nope Stng783: i have his Stng783: wat kind of icon is tht Stng783: it looks dum Stng783: man Stng783: change Stng783: it dobler 34: dude its johnny cash dobler 34: who are you to tell me to change my icon? dobler 34: nobody Stng783: go to hell Stng783: man dobler 34: no thanks &nbsp; like i'd tell you Stng783: give me someones sn u know Stng783: please Stng783: anybody Stng783: please Stng783: can u dobler 34: aeric36 Stng783: whos sn its tht dobler 34: a friends Stng783: wats his name dobler 34: eric Stng783: oh Stng783: u know any celebrities sn Stng783: like movie actors dobler 34: right...yeah hold on Stng783: k dobler 34: speilberg49 Stng783: whos tht dobler 34: steven speilberg dobler 34: director of et dobler 34: idiot Stng783: who else dobler 34: u want hulk hogans? Stng783: yea Stng783: hell yea dobler 34: its actually under a rather obscure name Stng783: can u give it to me Stng783: his sn dobler 34: slipperypeteslip Stng783: thts a fake sn Stng783: man dobler 34: no dude its not Stng783: k Stng783: wat ever u say dobler 34: its not like he just sits around waiting for dudes like you to im him Stng783: hes not on dobler 34: whats your name? Stng783: Tony dobler 34: tony the tiger? Stng783: no Stng783: Yayo Stng783: u know violent j dobler 34: never heard of him &nbsp; deeper questions Stng783: are u bad or good dobler 34: i am alright Stng783: are u evil dobler 34: not entirely Stng783: u know Jason Stng783: Shepherd dobler 34: no dobler 34: where does he live? Stng783: u know stone cold dobler 34: not personally Stng783: k Stng783: u know his sn dobler 34: stonecoldsucks Stng783: Word Life dobler 34: what? dobler 34: so you really are obsessed with wrestling aren't you? &nbsp; &nbsp; Previous message was not received by Stng783 because of error: User Stng783 is not available

 Greyhounds are so gullible. &nbsp; Can thoughts be captured?&nbsp; Are they but fish?&nbsp; Or are they like the electric rabbit at the dog tracks?&nbsp; Do I even like where I'm going with this?&nbsp; Not sure, but you have to start somewhere.&nbsp; I gave it a go and it turned out a no go.&nbsp; I gave it a second try but that went awry.&nbsp; I don't mean to rhyme. &nbsp; Round 3.&nbsp; Here we go.&nbsp; I write.&nbsp; I erase.&nbsp; It all just seems so trite.&nbsp; So Routine.&nbsp; &nbsp; Round 4.&nbsp; I got four sentences of a paragraph squared away before realizing it was a waste.&nbsp; &nbsp; Round 5.&nbsp; It's cold in this house.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it is Donna's house, lest we forget.&nbsp; When I get to mine in just a few minutes I can adjust the air if necessary and find a blanket to wrap up in.&nbsp; Whatever I was going to say can't be all that important. &nbsp; I'm watching the dvd screensaver bounce around like a game of pong. &nbsp; Round 6.&nbsp; I erased some more.&nbsp; The details were getting trite again.&nbsp; On one hand I don't necessarily feel like what I do as a writer is of major significance.&nbsp; On the other hand, it's troublesome that people so commonly say, "run with it."&nbsp; Would you tell a painter to just "run with it"&nbsp; right after he rolled a paint roller over a cockroach? &nbsp; That's sick.&nbsp; You should do some serious thinking about how sick that is.&nbsp; &nbsp; Okay, I'm off my high horse.&nbsp; I understand everyone's run paint over a cockroack at least once.&nbsp; It's only human.&nbsp; But can we not agree that it was shameful and an all around bad idea?&nbsp; You want to know what I think a good idea is?&nbsp; Going home and going to sleep. &nbsp; That might be the best idea I've had all day.&nbsp; Snoring will help me remember what I had to say.&nbsp; Then I'll see it wasn't worth the energy of remembering.

 Going Against The Fifth Here's what we're going to do, I'm going to write until Donna says its time to go. We are here in the school's computer lab printing packing slips and resumes. I don't have anything better to do than blabber away at this location. Things are on the up and up even though I still find myself tight on money and without employment. Yes Jeff and Paul I do, in fact, have to admit its getting better. Of course, if I wanted to be a jerk I could plead the fifth and not admit anything. But what fun would that be? I had logged into blogger when she went to the printer to retrieve things. When she returned to her seat she was done with what she came here to do. Seeing that I was writing a post and feeling casually laid back this afternoon she commenced to look up wedding stuff online. I didn't want her to think I intended to sit here for any length of time. We agreed on ten minutes and, to be honest, I don't know how many are left. I'll ask. She didn't know either and so we decided five was a good number. That was a minute ago. It's 12:36. Yesterday during church business meeting I scribed out candidates for best performances I have seen in the motion pictures. This kind of list makes it easier for me to discern top 100 movies and other such topics. Because its the performances that sell me on a script. Two minutes to go. What is the most important thing I will ever say? Will I ever say anything important again? Are will I purposefully withhold that information so as to stunt your growth? You tell me. If Donna is ready it is time. And there you have it...

 If you haven't got a penny then a half a one will do... urlLink urlLink I wouldn't post this if I didn't need help. Five years of college turned out to be a big debt canyon. Now that school is out of the way I am able to seek full time employment. I've been looking intensely but have come up empty-handed. Yes, I had two temporary jobs but they are now over. In this waiting period between jobs I am struggling more than ever. This is just a shot in the dark. If you can help I would surely appreciate it. If not I obviously understand. Thank You.

 Mom,Dad...We've Got to Talk No its not Marijuanna. If only I could afford some of that, perhaps, it would alleviate some of my anxieties. But then I hear it makes a person paranoid. I don't need to be anymore paranoid than I already am. The thing is, you were right: The Real World is harder and I can't cut it. Anyway, just dropping a line. Please don't forget to bring this up at a family dinner soon. I need the reminder. You always know what is best. I am incompetent. If only I had listened to you sooner perhaps I wouldn't have gotten my hopes up. Please prepare for me to move back home. Love and Anguish, Chase

 Soup No More I burned the floor of my mouth on that soup yesterday. The temperature was "just right" to start with but a second in and I coughed up the scolding hot soup. Now, needless to say, that part of my mouth is pretty sensitive. I did not, in fact, go to renew my liscense yesterday as I had planned. I realized with everything else I needed to do in town I wouldn't have time to do that and shave. I shaved this morning and in the middle of doing so I remembered that I wasn't supposed to run water today. You see, this Infrastructure company (whatever that is) is cleaning out the septic system of my apartment complex. Neat. That's all I can say to that. I have an appointment with Kelly Services today. But I'm not going. I'll call in a few minutes and ask to reschedule. Why I can't go is a long story but trust me, its reason enough. Besides did I tell you I recieved third degree burns from the soup? That's correct. Imagine how dificult an interview would be. I can barely mutter, "Ow...The Flames,The Flames!" But I sure can type like a mad demon. Ha. Never fear child, I am going to the DMV this afternoon. I have to get my picture taken for my new liscense. Just imagine: me with a curled under bottom lip, my tongue poked out and a tear in my eye. Last night I attended the Judge Roy Moore rally with Donna and Josh. There I decided to forsake cynicism. The meeting was really inspirational. For once, I understood his case. I am now an avid supporter of and advocate of Judge Moore. I feel the need to say more about this and I intend to at a later point in time when I have more opportunity to sit, think and write. On the ride up there my brother, who knows very little, shuffled through my cd cases asking which years stuff came out. If it was before 1999 he didn't want to hear it. I said to him, "What does the year tell you about the music?" and "All the new music is building on the old music." On the way to take him back home I sold him on The Who's Tommy . Retracking for a moment...He liked the Sex Pistols more. He especially liked them when he heard "Anarchy in the U.K." which he has become well acquainted with from the Tony Hawk soundtrack. I think association with Tony Hawk proves its cool, to him. My watch says its time to run. Gotta jet.

 Road Warrior It's that time again...time to renew my driver's liscense. Two weeks ago me and Donna went to Water World. I didn't want to carry my wallet in so I took out my liscense and a single check. As the next day unravelled it came to my attention that I had misplaced the liscense. I burrowed through a monster pile of clothes checking shirt and pant pockets. I looked everywhere else I could dream up to but all to no avail. You can imagine my fear at the prospect of having to retake the driver's test. It was hard enough the first time. When our job at the telephone book delivery office ended with a twelve hour shift last week I wanted us to celebrate with dinner. Our establishment of choice was Waffle House, the poor man's steakhouse. Seeing as how I had no cash on hand and had also misplaced my debit card I went to Wal-Mart. Countless times I have processed checks there without even being asked for my ID. This is because once it goes through their system a certain number of times the system no longer asks for it. However, I picked the wrong night. They had apparently just started cracking down on their supposed policy that IDs are required. There are a number of cashiers there who after repeat visits I know personally. It would have been smart to go through their checkout but I didn't. I got the one girl who didn't want to get in trouble. The clincher is that I could tell them all the information that would be found on my liscense, such as issue and expiration date, state of issue and the number. That wasn't good enough. I understand policy but it sucked anyway. And to be sure she couldn't do it the girl called a manager over. That lady talked to me like I stole something. The only other option which remained was going to see my folks and writing them a check. Finally, a couple days ago Donna found my liscense. That's right, it was right where we put it when we took it out at Water World in a bookbag. Had I done the retracing of my steps when I lost I may not have been in this mess. The liscense had to be renewed by the tenth. Then we learned on the news that until the 13th the DMV would be moving its offices. We wondered if we could renew it at another DMV in a nearby city. This morning I called the Dothan office and thankfully, that part of the operation was uninterupted. That is because its located at a different office altogether. So as soon as I finish eating my soup (I got a cold) we're going there to get this taken care of.

 Taking Issue and Picking Bones Last week I signed up for the John Kerry email. It certainly isn't because I'm a fan. I just figured this way I could keep up with just how stupid this will get. When I signed up I gave them my GMail address. I even received confirmation in that account. However, I've been getting the updates at my Yahoo! address. Four of them so far. So when you start making your list of Kerry pros and cons, consider this: He's a spammer. That's right, a spammer. Spam I can handle, heck, I've been eating it all my life, but some of those things he says in the emails are just ridiculous. And that's why God gave me a blog so I can tell anyone who'll listen just how ridiculous I think it is. John Kerry is clearly a craptalker. Despite the fact that all kind of bozos will fall sucker to this doesn't mean he's actually good at talking crap. He starts out saying "our journey to make America stronger at home and respected in the world." Then he tells us, "I am so proud that we're going to build one America together." From the first statement it sounds like America already exists. I sure thought it did. One second we're making it stronger, the next we're starting from scratch sometime before the tea party. Then he goes into Edwards' concept of "Two Americas" if I remember correctly there are three: North,Central and South America. Next thing you know, Kerry's tells me, "John Edwards and I will be fighting for the America we love." Okay Columbus! I'm not sure if, according to him, America even exists yet but it seems to me that it does. By the way, which America do they love anyway? Their campaign has been kind of vague on that. Vagueness is their secret weapon. They are aiming to trick people into thinking that they are about American values but as far as I can see Kerry, at least, has very un-American ideas. One last note, in this email Kerry also said,"We'll be fighting to make America energy independent." Well, Doesn't our Founding Father just have his work cut out for him? Afterall, all we used back in them days was candles. I've got comments to make on the other few emails, until then Get sober and Vote Your Brain.

 Conan's Coming in Clear Tonite Somewhere along the way I've misplaced the ability to write simpler thoughts that don't need much explanation or provide too much but rather just give clue into my brain and intrigue as much as that is possible. Thinking about this I have decided to take on a new writing assignment: to post three times a day and by doing so to get back to basics in yet another way. I don't know how to get readers but that is not as important as learning to write again. Here goes nothing...

 Sometimes I catch myself staring into the future only to realize it's just network news and I've been hypnotized. You know, like even though I believe our president is going to be re-elected I sit and think and thought drifts to worry and worry overwhelms imagination and I picture the dreadful results of J.F. Kerry taking the office of presidency. Let's imagine the State of the Union address: "Iraq is Our Friend and Ally." "Robin Hood is one of my personal heros. Let's steal from the rich so that we can feed,clothe and hospitalize the middle class." "Now that I am president, I assure you, there will be an abortion in every pot." "Those republicans were right about one thing, Now that gay marriage has been made legal across the nation. I'm going to see to it that polygamists get the same fair treatment. This way, I can marry the Vice President and inherit his and my wife's wealth in the event of their deaths." "Wiiilbuurrr!!!" It bothers me that some people refer to our president in the same light as Hitler. Hello...Who's the death merchant here? Don't even mention the war, that's an irrational argument. Why? Because we're winning and we have captured Saddam and top al-Qaeda operatives. We're bearing gifts of deliverance from dictatorship and democracy. And the Aghani and Iraqi people, for the most part, are glad that we came to help. The death merchants are those out to undo President Bush's partial-birth abortion ban. The arguments for abortion are contradictory: Women have the right to choose what to do with their own bodies, government has no place to restrict this. The government has not only the right, but the responsibility of defending human life. Sex is not a basic human right, so don't have it unless you can either prevent pregnancy or can handle the responsibilty of raising a child. A thing I'm still struggling to understand is why not adoption? Have we completely missed this concept? Returning to present tense, let's talk about me again. After 17 days in the good ol' Rocky Top State it looks like me and Donna will be able to go home. Her car had to have a new engine put in it. That's why we've been here longer than the originally planned 5 days. Thank the Lord that the insurance flipped that bill. The car's done. A check from the insurance company has been UPS'd to this address and is expected to arrive tomorrow between morning and lunch. I'm ready to get back home because that's where I live. Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep.

 Happy Birthday Mom! Of course, you're not going to read this...ever. Know why? Cause I'm not going to tell you about this site...ever. You know why? Because I'd just be too broken up if I never saw any of my posts on your refrigerator. In any case, glad to see you've made it this far. I hope you keep on living. An hour or so ago there was an infomercial for mattresses on. I heard them say, "You have to feel it to believe it." Yeah...That's why mattress commercials are stupid. We should leave that to the department stores. That's when it hit me. The very idea of an infomercial is ridiculous. Even if your product is good, I would recommend selling it by another method. "You want me to believe some actors?" Oh sure. They say no one was paid for doing those spots. But money, believe it or not, is not the only way to bribe somebody. I can hear the producer now, "you testify to the quality of my product and I will have you cast as an extra in a movie that a friend of mine is doing." This is why so many movies you watch have a lot of extras. What is with people? We'll watch a movie like Speed and say, "oh, there's no way that bus coulda jumped that fifty foot gap" and turn right around and fall for these infomercials. "Ah, but that lady went to bed with a backache and woke without it." She failed to mention the vicodin. That was no accident, it was strategic. And it's with these same feeble minds that we fall for people in the alleged real world. Take the upcoming election for example. "But Michael Moore said the president lied." "But Meryl Streep said Jesus wouldn't vote for a 'war president'." "But everybody on Entertainment Tonight said they was gonna vote for John Kerry." "But John Kerry said 'VOTE for ME'" No matter what side of an issue you are on, if you catch yourself talking like this run to the nearest closet and lock yourself in. If your talking like this you need to take a time out. Get your head together. Remember when you used to think for yourself, when you used to look before leaping, and when you managed a healthy dose of skepticism of everyone. If you've never done this, that is, if you have never had a mind of your own start praying really hard for one. When I say 'mind of your own' I'm not talking about independence or uniqueness. I'm saying you need to decide for yourself. If you sound like those quotes you've stopped thinking. Call an ambulance, you're braindead. I believe it goes without saying that I am republican. What I am, however, is beside the point. None of us should let the labels we wear inform our opinion. What about my christian faith? Well, let's see. My faith informs all areas of my life, so isn't that an exception. I suppose it is. But, within this remains the risk of accepting neatly packaged answers to life's most perplexing dillemas. I will say that most of it is a whole lot simpler than we make it out to be. However, it can be really tempting to take the answers without asking the questions. Remember Algebra? Remember all those problems where you had the answer but parts of the equation were missing? Whether or not you think Algebra helped you in the long run, working those problems out like that helped you on the test. It helped you to better understand the whole context of the subject. It's the same with faith or anything else. I didn't write this whole thing simply to compel you to help re-elect President Bush. Believe me I want that but I wrote this because I see so many people letting other people make their mind up for them. There was a moment a few weeks ago where I felt that to remain in support of the president was just something I'd have to go with my gut on. As much as I hated it, I thought that on paper the other guys seemed to have a pretty solid case. Since then more and more has come to light. To tell the truth, it's a combination of what all came to light and what all I found out late. I think the president has been cleared of a lot of the charges which were being made against him. I could lay out my explanation for that here, but that would be making it too easy on you wouldn't it? Ha. I'll explain myself more later. I mean, if you really care to know just google for it yourself. This would be that part about "making up your own mind" thing that I was talking about. All the reasons for Bush and against Kerry they are all there. But, never fear if you're still holding out for packaged answers I'm sure I'll be blogging them soon.

 I've been working on my top 100 songs this week. Correction: I've been working on this off and on for a year and a half or so. Working with this list is a good way to pass the time when I'm kinda stuck here in Tennessee. The other way I have is of staying up far beyond my bedtime and sleeping the daytime away. I don't know how much this helps though because I enjoy it more when everyone else is awake. Maybe it's because t.v. is better in primetime. If that's true. The thing that bothers me about making this list is that the more time I put into it the more time it seems it will demand to be complete. When I'm not here at the computer I spent a lot of that time fanning through the filing cabinets of my brain, searching for legitimate candidates for this. I have candidates a-plenty. The trickiest part is probably narrowing the list down. The second trickiest part is putting it in order. A problem I keep running into is that I have multiple songs from favorite artists. Most of the bands/artists involved with the list have likw 2 or 3 songs included. At the same time, there are about 40 titles that are radio hits. The radio is not all bad and these particular songs are some of the bright spots. The thing I worry about is that due to repeated play over the course of my life I would regard certain of these as deserving of top 100 status while in actuality I prefer the others better. For example, does "What a Wonderful World" really have to be on the list? It would seem so. I don't count it brainwashing that I love it, but is it as important to me. I've realized I have this tendency to look at an album an pick out songs as favorites that appeal to me for one quirk or another, are underrated in light of a more climactic and radio-friendly song, but ultimately are not as necessary or consequential. Do I make any sense? I want to give credit where credit is due. I don't want to just herald the underdogs. But, let's be clear this list isn't about greatest songs of all-time, rather it's about the ones I like the most. That doesn't mean I should just go with the oddball though. For a person to really evaluate something such as this really is rocket science. I list out candidates over and over again. I write new list and copy and paste old lists. I've been reading lyric sites and top 40 sites and stuff like the All Music Guide. Here and there I have picked up various songs I had almost forgotten. We couldn't bear their omission. When doing a recurring thought is just to "go with it" and to throw out all the rules that I have devised. The trouble I see with this is, perhaps I'm in a certain kind of mood as of late and thus, am partial to certain kind of song. I want my list to be accurate but just as much I want it to be done. Once and for all.

