 What? Why is everyone staring at me?

 ok, so this is the one i used to make my new icon, but you haven't seen the whole shot yet, and who said we had to use a brand new one anyways? btw, is anybody else gonna do urlLink my image hunt ? if not, either Mike or boz will win! you don't want that to happen, do you~!? ;) here's a hint: urlLink google image search .

 Mission accomplished. Can you tell I haven't slept? My nerves are shot. It's a freaking miracle there are no typos in this post.

 Post a Pic Monday.

 at least for the RWBS . Dvl, MadMathias, and Nancy will be meeting for drinks and debauchery at an undisclosed location somewhere in the wilds of Southern California. This will be the first face to face meeting of any house members. Paramedics and CHIPS have been alerted. Also, Monique , a trusted friend of the RWBS will be in attendance. Sorry belle , but your out of body experiences do not qualify as actual meetings.

 The Phantom MILF and why won't she identify herself?

 I think it is important for us, as blogmates, to perform regular public service. And I have found an appropriate project. According to urlLink a news article, in the Houston Chronicle, textbooks recently approved for use in the state of Texas "are being criticized for being so focused on abstinence that they fail to include state-mandated information on contraception....For example, Holt, Rinehart and Winston's 'Lifetime Health' lists 10 steps for students to protect themselves from sexually transmitted diseases. The use of latex condoms is not one of them. Students are advised, however, to get plenty of rest." Now, as adults (Jonnie excluded, of course), we are ALL aware of the importance of getting plenty of rest when it comes to preventing STDs. But we know it is so much more than just that. So, as our public service project, I propose that we add to this list of ways to prevent STDs. I shall start. 1. Get plenty of rest (thanks, Holt, Rinehart and Winston) 2. Avoid using the same knife to cut both poultry and fresh vegetables. 3. Remember to turn your car wheels toward the curb when parking on a hill. 4.

 Last night I dreamt that I was staying at dvl's condo and her husband Tim and I went bowling. He bowled 738 for three games but I don't remember what I bowled. Dvl was not in the dream, but her daughter was, and she was acting up.

 Available at Amazon.Com and all finer bookstores.

 Ive been quiet. Im working. Drawing and haiku soon to come. Out of my way. I'm an artist! I have a sharp pain in my hand. I think im dying. Here is a poem Blah di da di da Blah blah blah blah Beep beep beep 444444444444444 More wine.

 Hey, you upper midwesterners....did you feel this earthquake? Magnitude 4.1 Date-Time Monday, June 28, 2004 at 1:10:51 AM (local time) Region ILLINOIS Distances 12 km (7 miles) NNE (31°) from North Utica, IL 13 km (8 miles) NW (321°) from Ottawa, IL 64 km (40 miles) SW (236°) from Aurora, IL 114 km (71 miles) WSW (247°) from Chicago, IL

 And as quickly as you can urlLink text "The razor-toothed piranhas of the genera Serrasalmus and Pygocentrus are the most ferocious freshwater fish in the world. In reality they seldom attack a human," it was over.

 and i don't know how to spell the next one, so that's all you get... However, it is time for me to bid you all adieu. I have been a reclusive, non-participating member of this house for far too long. I have not posted in more weeks than i can count (hey, i'm not good with math, okay?) Nor have I taken quizzes or photos which would have included me in the house happenings somewhat... AND I couldn't even manage to get Jonnie's present in the mail before Christmas Eve--and we all know mail doesn't get delivered on X-mas, so he probably doesn't even have it yet... In short: I suck (and while, granted, i DO swallow, that just doesn't count for what it used to). Anyway, it's been fun, and i love you all (possibly in that creepy, obsessive way that is prominent in stalkers and death row inmantes...). I will continue to lurk, so watch out... I am blowing kisses toward all of you at this moment-- Lisa

 Or words to that effect.

 but these two rate very high on my list.

 This is definitely mine, no contest - (Even though I haven't read it yet) I am searching desperately for a copy. I'm positive it must be the greatest book ever!

 This is me... or is it? BYE BYE

 an audio retrospective. urlLink

 that I received from belle in my xmas in june package. urlLink The toys . urlLink The candy . Am I lucky, or what?

 Belle's monkey mask of doom urlLink pic .

 Here's how Jonnie is celebrating - But then, the mail hasn't come yet. I am the Oliver Twist of the Internet.

 xmas in june and Kevynn Malone's birthday are on the same day. Quick, get the nails and the crucifix and let's head on over to urlLink Fat Free Milk and REALLY celebrate!!!

 it's been awhile my fellow roommates, so let me start by saying happy x-mas in june to all. thanks to my secret santa for the bronchitis, and wonderfully dangerous ACME burn down your apartment kit! i propose to continue with the faux holiday spirit, that we all exchange numbers and call each other at midnight next wednesday, to celebrate the turning of halfwaythere new years eve. or to begin the celebration of canada day. time to freshen up on my auld lang sine.

 *sigh* I'll let you in on it... Laydies and gentlefellows more than half the time i havnt got the faintest idea what youre all talking about, i mean i think youre all great but... face it a bigger bunch of crazies im yet to (not) meet, dont take it the wrong way i mean if HAD to be stuck in a virtual house with anyone it would be you... to be sure! I've been google-ing all day and am yet to find some sort of translating device, its a sad fact but apparently babelfish doesnt speak crayzee. Happy Christmas in July (or something) Youre the best (phew i think ive covered myself there)

 audio greeting urlLink

 It is now officially xmas in june on the east coast!!!! I'm so excited.

 (to appease jonnie and boz, and apologies to the rest of my awesome blog mates) :P urlLink

 I'll be moping down in the bombshelter. Let me know when the mail comes.

 I wouldn't be mentioning it, but one of them is me . Oh yeah, the other one is Jonnie . Does anyone remember that Shirley Jackson short story called The Lottery ? Jonnie , let's you and me start looking for some stones.

 real world is a joke real world is overated real world is around the corner real world is infinitely complex real world is the real real world real world is available free online real world is taking on sin city real world is competitive real world is scary real world is competitive real world is scary real world is the solution real world is just the place to do it real world is messy real world is faker than wrestling real world is hazardous to your health real world is way trashy real world is not unlike speaking of a deceased person real world is cruel real world is attractive and colourful real world is your favorite? why? you must be a member to post your comments real world is chock full of rock real world is an earth destroyed by massive wars and pollution real world is very murky and ambiguous real world is noisy real world is not like this real world is unstable real world is vague and assigning rigid values to linguistic variables means that some of the meaning and semantic value is invariably lost

 Ok so i folded under pressure and I opened my gift, but in my defense it was not my fault since the Jonnie included some device that talked to me every time I walked by. It siad "Hey Marci I need to be opened right now" so it is Jonnie's fault. I will hold off putting pictures of me playing with all my goodies, but I just want to say that he did a good job. He even has my back on certain pregnancy concearns, or maybe he is just smart enough to know that it would be very bad if I was to ever have a kid, either way I love Christmas in June. Maybe we should do Kwanza in August. That might be fun. Also, I want to expand on the name of car question. I have a friend that named her genitalia and I found that nuts, is this normal practice?

 I know everyone is busy with Christmas in June, but shouldn't we plan some sort of festivity to mark the urlLink blooming of the corpse flower ? Shouldn't we dance around nekkid or something? It is a momentous occasion, after all....

 Lovely, isn't it.

 Hohoho everybody! Is it X-Mas in June already? I mean, X-Mas eve? Damn, I'm not too sure about american X-Mas traditions... is it that you celebrate on the 24th and open the gifts on the 25th? Well, the german tradition is to open the boxes on the 24th, so it's perfectly legitimate if I open mine today, right, right, RIGHT?!?! Damn, I'm so curious! I mean, dvl got my name, so the gifts just have to be purrrfect. And awww, Jonnie's singing got me in such a festive mood, I had to decorate my computer: I'm excited. Somebody pass the eggnog please?

 It's called urlLink Dear Susan - The Universal Scapegoat of Blogs and two of it's members are a couple of my favorites urlLink The Dynamite Diva and urlLink Nedra Zeall . It is very funny.

 ... just what thoughts are going through someone's head when they're engaging in naughty business in chat and there's a lull in the conversation? "crap, i cant find the 'oh my god, i need to fuck her right now ' smiley!!"

 So I says to myself, I says, "Self? I wonder if it is common for people to give their cars a name. You know what, self? I'll ask the good folks at RW...BS." The question is: does your car have a name? If so, what? If not, why not? Discuss.

 Dvl is organizing a video chat to celebrate xmas in june, you need not have a webcam to participate. Everyone is encouraged to do an audiopost of their favorite xmas in june carol , though I doubt anyone could top Jonnie in sheer chutzpah So far belle, dvl, marci and lisa have received their presents, and as expected both belle and lisa have already opened theirs. Leave a comment if you have received yours. Also, Nancy has suggested to rosa that being the two newest house members that they might exchange xmas in early july presents. I don't know how that is progressing. That's all I've got.

 "Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.

 Am feeling down today, definately in need of a little pampering, anyone up for giving me a manicure? Would love some of those massive square acrylic ones that the hoochie mammas have, in bright red or gold or something. Tried getting false nails once, they fell of a few days later, it would seem that i have nails that are too narrow to support the falsie blah blah.. i can tell youre all enthralled! Mebbe i could get a massage, or body wrap? lets make a real world spa.. ooh! ooh! (patent pending!) If youre interested in seeing more of me, visit urlLink my blog to get a nice picture of my pus... kitty!



 PARENTAL ADVISORY DVL CONTAINS EXPLICIT LYRICS

 urlLink

 Before Jonnie kills me (re/ the earthquakes in Cali)....you need to know that all those little boxes on the map mean not a whole lot except to seismographs. You can't FEEL them. Trust me on this. I lived here for three years before I felt one. I think you can survive a visit without much trouble. But I am sure that Jonnie will make the earth move for you....:-)

 Does urlLink anybody look familiar? Good luck!!!

 After I read your post I walked my happy a** to the office and without explaining my case looking all around the office and i said: "Who in here goes by the name of Matthews!!!!" Well,the one lonely woman in there, looked a bit scared since I was talking to empty closets and couches. She had the look that I am so used to getting, you know the one that screams "HOLY SH*T THIS GIRL IS CRAZY, I better not make any sudden movements". She said her name was Matthews, but she generally goes by Latrice. So I said "Suuuuurrrrrre you do, and I bet now you are going to tell me you don't steal Christmas gifts, right LATRICE MATTHEWS". I even threw in the best roll of crazy eyes I could do but it turned out a bit more Zoolander than I would have liked. She was confused since, you know, it is June, and pointed to a pile of gifts on the floor. Turns out that Mattews/Latrice was stealing gifts from EVERYONE in my apartment complex. I snatched up my gift and looked at her with "warning eyes", the kind that put the fear of god in her. I think this is definitely the last time she will try to steal my presents. So moral of the story, I got my gift... I will wait for Christmas to open it though. If i can, self control has never been my strong suit. Now excuse me... I have to write a letter to put on all 100 apartments about the evil that is happening in the front office.

 Main Entry: hai·ku Pronunciation: 'hI-(")kü Function: noun Inflected Form(s): plural haiku Etymology: Japanese : an unrhymed verse form of Japanese origin having three lines containing usually 5, 7, and 5 syllables respectively; also : a poem in this form usually having a seasonal reference -- compare TANKA Outwardly, summer inside, winter's chilly blast a war of seasons Hell YEAH! Take THAT!

 I called UPS and your Xmas in June package was delivered on June 11 at 3:08pm. It was left at the front desk and signed for by somebody named "Mathews". Follow up on those leads!

 Greetings, all! Where shall I unpack? Do I have to room with Boz???

 While I was away from keyboard belle hypnotised Jonnie into letting her open her xmas in june present.

 Well.. ive got to say, these digs are none too shabby! Im sorry i missed out on the hot tub last night, its just that i had forgotten my swimsuit! But its ok.. crisis over, Ive managed to rumage around my "teacher bag" and found some material out of which ive made myself a swimsuit. Thats right kids.. the macaroni bikini! So stick around tonight and its all go! I just hope the water doesnt get too hot.

 We have two new members. urlLink Rosa Posa who has already arrived and urlLink Nancy who just needs to reply to her invitation. Belle has already received her xmas in june package and claims that she hasn't opened it yet. Of course she works in a hospital so she has probably x-rayed it, c-scanned it, mri-d it and ultra sounded it. Marci has yet to receive her present that was sent by UPS two weeks ago. Hopefully that will be straightened out, but just in case I have submitted marci's name to Toys For Tots , because no grad student should wake up to an empty xmas in june tree on xmas in june morning. Big doings in the Hot Tub last night. Jonnie, Belle, Marci and her friend Melanie , dvl , and our special guess hot tubber MadMands all showed up, and NO we didn't talk about you, well ok, yeah we probably did, but what happens in the tub, stays in the tub. So suck it. Oh yeah, Jonnie wanted me to apologize for him and to tell Mands that he is sorry about that one incident last night and he fully intends to replace the panties that he chewed on. That's it.

 so... *silence* who's in for pyjama pillow fights and braiding each others hair? ive brought beer and a video!

 Is that Leonard Nimoy?

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY LISA !!! urlLink

 but I'm pretty sure a certain house member has a birthday tomorrow, with tomorrow being Saturday the 19th. Any guesses on whom it might be??? I'll give you a little hint ... She lives in Utah.

 urlLink

 we accept a couple of new members after the xmas in june gift exchange. It sounds like a good idea to me. Bueller? Bueller? Anyone? EDIT Jonnie made a good point. No, really he did. (see comments) So if you want to make a post on your blog asking if anyone is interested in becoming a member they should get in touch with one of us.

 I am confident that everyone has taken care of their obligations for the xmas in june gift exchange. This is just a reminder that you should be getting the package in the mail in the next day or two. I would hate for anyone to wake up xmas in june morning to find nothing under their xmas in june tree. If you have run into any unforeseen problems please get in touch with me.

 urlLink

 Contrary to popular belief, I do have a conscience and it wouldn't let me go to sleep tonight with out first admitting it was me who put the jello in Mad's bed while he was gone and apologizing to Jonnie for being a criminal mastermind and an evil, evil person who talks about dead frogs, guns, priests, and non-existent uncles he reminds me of. urlLink Please forgive me.

 You're getting sleeeeeepyyyy.... Jonnie is HOT.... You want to give him pie and burritos and beer... And blowjobs.... You won't remember reading this post... (Did it work?)

 I am driving down to Standish, which is 40 miles from here, to search for the elusive monkey mask of doom . Ok, it isn't a mask of doom per se, unless of course I die!!!

 hahahahahaa

 urlLink fifth dentist we have all heard so much about?

 School has started and I will be back in full force here. Because I have 3 hour breaks between classes and can't move my car without having to pay again I have missed you all. Anything I need to be filled in on from my lack of attention on the zonk board? Other news... In class today we watch a thrilling video called "The Secret Life of the Brain" but that is not the point. The point is that PBS used the words...."the mothers sweet milk", and i almost vomited. THE END

 you gave me your cold!!!

 Of course it's left over from earlier today, but I didn't think you'd mind. It's Reese's Peanut Butter Cup and, yeah, the ice cream is store brand, but so what.

 Dear housemates, let's pretend for today admit that our big boz is one of the funniest and most creative persons alive and we are lucky to know him... . And boz, you know what they say: men get better with age! Or wait, that was wine. Hmmm. Anyway, alles Liebe und Gute zum Geburtstag, Boz!

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. What was your favorite movie-going experience? 2. Which language do you wish you were fluent in that you are not already, and why? 3. Have you ever had a one-night stand? (update: Andrew at NineMileDetour has summer-itis... all irregularly scheduled programming from his site has been suspended until further notice. feh!)

 I would just like to preface this week's post by saying Thank You, urlLink Urban Dictionary ! Without the intelligent, articulate definitions provided on your wonderful web page I might wander around saying inappropriate things, innocently asking people to go skiing with me or to come over for a tupperware party while unbeknownst to me I am asking them to, uhh, go skiing or have a tupperware party . Ok, I'd probably never ask anyone to come over for a tupperware party under any definition, but you get my point. Fine, pretend you get my point. This week I have not one, but two words. My first choice, urlLink The Telepathic Kid , I expected to be about Haley Joel Osment and dead people, and what do you know, it is, only you have to read between the lines to get the Haley Joel Osment part. Well, maybe it requires more making of lines than reading between lines, but it's there! Yeah, I don't know what I'm talking about anymore either! My second choice is one for which I contributed a definition! See if you can guess which one I wrote. I'll give you a hint, it's the sixth (sense...aaarrggghhhh, there's Haley Joel again!!) one. The word is urlLink YaYa .

 Caption this pic ... or else!!!

 XMAS IN JUNE IS FRIDAY JUNE 25TH, WHICH IS ONLY 16 DAYS AWAY, AND IT WOULD BE NICE IF EVERYONE RECIEVED THEIR XMAS GIFT ON TIME! ANYONE WHO DOESN'T COME THROUGH WILL BE DUMPED.

 seriously. south dakota? anyhow, that's where i'll be for the next week or so. maybe if i'm lucky, i'll come back with some new terms for the urban dictionary. like buffalo stampede. or teepee talk. gimmie a break, it's south dakota for crying out loud.

 urlLink

 My Urban Dictionary term isn't fancy at all this week. And it is not subtle, like "skiing" was. It is blunt. It is urlLink Molotav Crap Bomb It sounds like lots of fun!

 urlLink

 This dude means business ... dude.

 I posted nine new pictures from my afternoon bike ride in my buzznet photo album. You can check them out ... urlLink HERE!!!

 picture of DVL relaxing by working a crossword puzzle. Innocent until ... Just another instance of DVL's subliminal mind control.

 Look what I found (circa mid-1960s) - They used to manufacture male and female lawn mower models! I didn't think wives mowed the lawn in those days.

 May I present to you my very first feature film, urlLink Boz and YaYa . I've submitted it to The Sundance Film Festival and I'm pretty sure it's only a matter of time before Martin Sheen hears about my innate talent and whisks me away to a remote island to make "private" movies with him.

 The Return of YaYa. urlLink Part I urlLink Part II urlLink Part III urlLink Part IV and urlLink Part V And as always ... Stay tuned for the next exciting chapter in our continuing saga of The Return of YaYa!!!

 I'm back, is there anything to eat, like cake? Did some plowing for old times sake. OH, here's something interesting - At the Indiana State Park, my Aunt pointed out this sign - She told me it's where the Amish go to meet. Thanks to Boz and Belle, it had a whole different conotation though, like it was the Amish make-out spot. So I made her stop so I could take a picture. I didn't actually venture down the trail though, 'cause I imagined all sorts of goings on that I'm sure had no basis in reality whatsoever.

 This week I challenge you to take pics of things with curves or that are curved. As always, the only requirement is to have fun... including yourself in the pic is encouraged but not required. Post your photo to the Buzznet photoblog by Monday, June 7, 2004.

 They are selling Gmail accounts on urlLink eBay , and people are bidding on them! If anyone in the house wants an account let me know I have a couple of invites.

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. Elvis or The Beatles? 2. Vampires or Werewolves? 3. Playboy or Penthouse? (i guess i am back in good graces, so thanks goes to Andrew at NineMileDetour for doing my homework today... feel free to go to his site and nag at him to update)

 This weeks pic ...

 Make an icon in your own image, ok, close to your own image. urlLink Portrait Illustration Maker.

 The Shining....in 30 seconds, re-enacted urlLink by bunnies .

 urlLink The Return of YaYa.

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. When is the best time to do things? 2. Who is the most important one? 3. What is the right thing to do? hint: first go as your friends the heron, the monkey, and the dog before seeking out the assistance of the wise old turtle to show you what's right in front of your face... "Remember then that there is only one important time, and that time is now. The most important one is always the one you are with. And the most important thing is to do good for the one who is standing by your side....This is why we are here." (these questions were purloined from the children’s book “The Three Questions” by Leo Tolstoy)

 somebody needs to make a post.

 No eulogy required - a message from the team at " urlLink whoa that was so deep " It is my regret to inform you that the head mistress of the aforementioned webspace has tragically died due to lonliness and heart break, she spent the last two weeks of her life penning a mediocre country and western album titled "you dont comment any more" Miss Posa would like to thank the regular readers of her blog (we the management are able to channel the dead). Rest assured that this does not mean that this blog is finished, we have managed to design a series of strings and pulleys when used in conjunction with a pair of dark sunglasses and a hawaiin shirt will fool even the closest friends into believing that she is still alive and still posting on the site. Readers will find that the content, humour and wit will remain at the same standard, it is suspected that Miss Posa's brain never really did function all that well.Please send all condolences and flowers to urlLink kitty_no_1_2000@yahoo.com.au Please standby for further messages. Regards The management.

 This the John Cougar Mellencamp Suicide Prevention Hotline, Boz speaking, how may I help you?

 Boy...that corset quiz is GOOD. How did it ever know I was a southern belle? You're a Civil War era corset. You southern belle, you. urlLink What corset are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 It started with Xmas in June , And continued with Pie in July . What's next??? What will August's theme be??? We have until midnight tomorrow to decide. Suggestions, I need suggestions!!!

 So I didn't get the response I expected to my Krispy Kreme post, below, which I thought was seriously hilarious *oxymoron alert!*. I was discussing it last night with Hubcap, and he looked puzzled. Turns out he had never heard the phrase "take a flying fuck at a rolling donut." This gave me pause. Is this a southern/country saying? Have the rest of you never heard it as well? Have you actually reached the ripe old age of *mumblemumble* without ever telling anyone to take a flying fuck at a rolling donut? Please report. The next assignment will be: creek/brook/branch? What do you call it?

 Somebody make a post because the "not dvl" pictures are opposite the zonkboard and they are really starting to freak people out. That didn't come out right. They aren't freaking people out because they aren't dvl ... Wait, that's not right either. Nevermind. Just do it.

 This isn't Dvl, or is it? urlLink urlLink Only Dvl knows for sure. Click pic for full size photo.

 You know all that stuff that you do "once in a blue moon"? Well, it's time: urlLink Saturday . So what are YOU going to do for this blue moon?

 You're an anime corset.&nbsp; Colorful. urlLink What corset are you?

 Headline: Federal regulators probing Krispy Kreme They really ARE taking a flying fuck at a rolling donut!

 You're a vinyl/fetish corset.&nbsp; Grrrrowl. urlLink What corset are you? brought to you by quizilla

 You are Logan! Tanner's twin bro! You're down to earth, funny, lazy, and cool! Go you! And you love streaking! urlLink Which kid in RawkKitty's class are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Boz inspires me to ask: What is your favorite potty-based joke? Here's mine: What did Spock find in the toilet? The Captain's log. That slays me.&nbsp; Arrested development, post no bail.

 It's Wednesday, and you know what that means---public service project time! This one is right down my lane, in keeping with my automotive outlook on life. According to urlLink this article , the Japanese are working on a car that can express emotions: Four inventors working for Toyota in Japan have won a patent for a car that they say can help drivers communicate better by glaring angrily at another car cutting through traffic as well as appear to cry, laugh, wink or just look around. I think it would be a big help to those Japanese inventors if we were to suggest what emotions we would want our cars to express and how those emotions might be displayed. They might not have thought of all the possibilities, you see? Anyone?

 Pork rinds, they're Mother Nature's favorite snack. Try some today.

 Look out Willy. I think "Uncle" Hugh is going to lay the bad touch on you.

 What is it about former child stars? Do they all grow up and have big hooters? The Love Boat's Jill Whelan.

 Check out Duklein in the Pony House - &nbsp; He's a complete Black Bettie Death Cult&trade; zealot - Preaching to the converted.

 Of course, this is in the pre-coked-out years.... Wow. The resemblance is really startling. I never realized how much I do NOT resemble Julie!

 I just registered for the GRE and I feel Violated.&nbsp; $250 dollars for the privelege of taking that test Again, and the Subject Test. Yuck.&nbsp; At moments like this I question my sanity.&nbsp; I hate taking it up the ass from the systems.&nbsp;&nbsp; This Australian academic I know is going on a research trip to Darwin for three months and invited me to come as his concubine.&nbsp;&nbsp; I should be applying to graduate schools and saving money as a marketing assistant (even typing it makes me cringe) while I can.&nbsp; But my life is so dull it makes the idea of going walkabout almost viable.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Except that I would be in a dependant position and I'm sure I would take to watching bad australian television, drinking during the day while he's out doing his grant related stuff, and getting all nasal and bitchy because I spent all my money on a fool's errand.&nbsp; But then again, why the fuck not? &nbsp;God damn, wouldn't I rather be making out atop Uluru than calculating profit margins? But I would return to California in three months jobless and destitute, and would it be worth it? I've already accumulated all these experiences that are disjointed and lead nowhere. I feel like a house built by a paranoiac--all these rooms you can't reach, no flow, nothing is plumb.&nbsp;&nbsp;But I'm bored and I miss Australia.&nbsp; I haven't been there in sixteen years.

 In 25 words or less give a description of your Real World ... Blogger Style character. Extra Credit In 25 words or less give a description of some, or all, of your Real World ... Blogger Style housemates characters.

 I slept all day and stayed awake all night.

 Yesterday at Venice Beach, Sandra spotted the perfect gift for me in a store window We went in to see about purchasing one, but they didn't have my size. Then we got sidetracked by the display for the store next door -

 An audio post. urlLink

 The topic will be words that you would like to hear me say. So far the list includes douche and concubine. Let me know what you want to hear, however under no circumstances will I say the word booger or fart.

 I think we need to give them both a suitable goth name. Any suggestions?

 1. Dvl and Sandra will share the basement room we fondly refer to as The Dungeon . 2. Marci and Mad will share a room because Marci is Mad, in a psychotic sort of way. 3. Belle and Nancy will share the room in the west wing of the house with CJ, the Monkeys and Martin Sheen. 4. Amyjo and Rosajo will share a room and they can pretend they are Kyliejo and Danijo Minoguejo. That leaves Jonnie and I. 5. I get the third floor penthouse suite of rooms. 6. Jonnie gets the shed.

 who keeps flooding our answering machine with messages??? He keeps saying stuff like "I'd like to shoot you in the nude ... with my cell phone" and "I'm your baby's daddy". Geez what a freque.

 with a hamster of DOOM. Which is much more virulent than a computer virus.

 Ah! Look what I found in Jonnie's closet: urlLink [click to enlarge]

 Dear Amyjo/Ojyma, I've recently come to grips with a terrible secret, and I need some advice.&nbsp; I'm a woman trapped in a man's body, and I need out!&nbsp; No one else knows about my hidden alter ego Stella Enigma, and my crusades as a dominatrix. Recently, both world have come dreadfully close to clashing, and I can feel the eyes begining to wonder.&nbsp; The ramifications of letting the world know have been holding me back,&nbsp;and I love my family and friends so much that I've kept this inside for far too long. I've also been considering a sex change operation, but I still like both oysters and snails.&nbsp; Should I start taking the hormones I've been perscribed, or should I seek counseling first? Please help lead me out of the woods and into the valley! Dominating, Stella Enigma

 I think a useful public service project for this week would be to offer our advice to Sandra and Jonnie---tips to make the visit go more smoothly. I shall begin. 1. Sandra, watch out for that sharpie marker 2. ....

 what would you choose as a new name. That is unless of course you have already had a sex change operation. I'm not trying to single anyone out but ... Is it AmyJo or Amy/Joe??? I'd choose either Vickie or Jane . Hey, I'm a Gemini I can do that stuff. No wait, I'd choose the name Gemini . I mean it's obvious, isn't it! I haven't given this too much thought, have I?

 So I was re-reading my tomes in my Sweet Valley High Library when inspiration struck.&nbsp; I want to become an internationally syndicated advice columnist, and you all can help.&nbsp; You see, I have an evil twin and she always gives me evil advice which leads me to do dumb things. But she is one funny bitch and even though I generally rue the day,&nbsp;at least I won't die riddled with regret for the things I didn't do.&nbsp; &nbsp;I myself am literal minded, kind, and sensitive.&nbsp; Between the two of us we lead me into a merry hell.&nbsp; So I figured I might as well make this whole split personality thing pay.&nbsp; So send me your pleas for advice! My evil twin and I will give you TWO answers for ONE question! Is that a deal, or what?&nbsp; You can then CHOOSE which advice you want to ignore!&nbsp; Ask me, ask my evil twin.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My evil twin is an expert on sex, lying, cheating, love triangles, evading enemy capture, and clawing her way up the social ladder.&nbsp; I am a zen buddhist who has read every self help book and non-violent communication manual there is, and I rescue bugs I find in the shower and release them into the wild instead of hammering them to pulp with my stilettos (that's her job).&nbsp;&nbsp; So if you're sensitive and want some gentle goodwill, ask me.&nbsp; If tough love, eternal scorn, and punitive language crack your whips, ask my evil twin.&nbsp; If I get enough questions I will create an advice blog where she and I can confuse, advise, and bitch with impunity.&nbsp; She's still asleep (she doesn't wake up until noon) so this is just me soliciting you for Questions!

 Sandra and I started a joint blog to eliminate double posting on our individual blogs. It's at urlLink http://jonniesandra.blogspot.com . Sandra & Jonnie's Morning Swim - We Didn't Look Nearly As Retarded In Real Life. Drop on by!

 How about if we post some of our favorite non blog links in the sidebar? I figure up to three a piece. It's just another way of finding out a little more about each other. Here are my three most visited sites. In no particular order... 1. urlLink Pogo , for the cribbage. 2. urlLink One Model Place for the pics. 3. urlLink Kazaa Lite ummm, just to visit because it would wrong to download music without paying for it.

 She buried them in the comments so I thought I'd dig them out and let everyone get a look at them. Here's my initiatory haiku (in case you haven't noticed I write compulsively and overlong so I actually erased a bunch.) I am no haiku mere doggerel, at times I signify nothing In San Francisco seagulls are hunger itself pigeons are tourists Amyjo

 We've got 10 housemates and 5 rooms. Taking into account our likes and dislikes, our various foibles and idiosyncrasies, who do you think should room together.

 Who did you love so passionately you ripped their photo off the cover of TV guide and slept with it under your (insert cartoon character here) patterened pillow?

 She added Wil Wheaton to her buzznet friend's list. I guess those adolescent crushes die hard.

 Sandra's urlLink plan for their first night together. Jonnie's urlLink plan for their first night together.

 it is time for her dun dun dun INITIATION!!! AmyJo: 1. Write a haiku (5-7-5) about yourself and post it in here. 2. Create a self-portrait of yourself and mail it to me for posting on the urlLink self-portrait page . Speaking of self-portraits ... NANCY!!!

 Residents of a suburb of Philly have been a bit dismayed by the yellowish brown substance coming out of their faucets. Residents of Plumstead's North Branch development need not worry about the yellow-brown water that may be coming out of their faucets. It may not look pretty, but it is not harmful, a township official said. Since receiving a couple of calls last week from North Branch residents about the color of the water, the township installed a filtering system, the effects of which should have been seen this past weekend, according to interim township manager Dave Nyman. Meanwhile, residents could continue to drink the water and bathe and wash clothes in it, Nyman said. The wells in North Branch, which supply the public water system, typically have high iron levels. The levels are not unhealthful, Nyman said, but they can cause water to discolor. "There's nothing that's harmful. We're looking to make it prettier," he explained. &nbsp; For our public service project this week, I think we should help the people of the North Branch development by telling them what that stuff is that is coming out of their pipes. &nbsp; I shall start. &nbsp; People of North Branch, that substance coming out of your pipes is: 1. the rinse water left after Belle bathes her monkey...... 2 .condensation from Boz's breath after he has been drinking Jack Daniels.... 3. the water Jonnie wrings out of his swim suit after a dip in the pool.... 4. ...... &nbsp;

 ...please accept my apology... &nbsp; I have been a non-functioning (some might say "dysfuntional") house member this week, and I feel terrible about it. I have been on "vacation" getting my house ready to sell. But I'm back, and I am researching our next public service project. &nbsp; In the meantime, let me leave you with a thought for the day: "Support bacteria; it's the only culture some people have."

 How long do you think it will be before Sandra beats the crap out of Jonnie, and what will be the straw that breaks the camel's back? &nbsp; I think it will be after the third night of playing Mr. Shaving Cream Head. &nbsp; I can just hear Sandra&nbsp;now ... "Jonnie, Nehmen, das von Rasierschaum und ihn herauf Ihren Esel zu haften kann!"

 A practice that in&nbsp;recent days has captured my imagination. I heard about bundling from a historian (it was his quaint way of propositioning me, isn't that cute? God, I miss academics. They are SO perverse! They think and talk more about sex and are bigger deviants than anyone.) The concept wasn't exactly new to me (I know about the whole chivalric code of chaste lovers sleeping with a sword between them) but the idea a courting couple lying swaddled like mummies or infants, side by side, burning with repressed Hawthorniness--I'm captivated.&nbsp; How did they do it?&nbsp; Who did the actual bundling? Some third party, a sort of dominatrix in homespun, who swaddled the couple and then set them out side by side?&nbsp; And how were they bound, exactly?&nbsp; Were they roped, like harvest sheaves?&nbsp; Were they merely tucked in veerrry tightly?&nbsp; What if you had to pee?&nbsp; It's better than a chastity belt, that's for sure.&nbsp; It would have been oddly comforting, I think, especially on a cold night.&nbsp; All that heat and thrill and tension, immobilized in yards and yards of blankets.&nbsp; It would be like being the pea under all those mattresses in the fairy tales--this hard kernal of unsatisfied longing, muffled and muffled but still burning through, bruising and tormenting the tender flesh.&nbsp; It's really hooked into my imagination.&nbsp; Plus it's oddly&nbsp; disgusting, I imagine the trapped smells and effulgences of dirty pilgrims,&nbsp; the crawling things, the dirt and sweat, how crusty and nasty and scrufulous those blankets must have been, after a long unwashed winter.&nbsp;&nbsp;It's repellant and fascinating.The things people come up with the titillate themselves in the name of virtue. Anyway, I regret not trying the experience, although it could only have ended (as I am sure many puritan liasons did) in Disaster.&nbsp; Anyway, the whole idea of technical virginity or technical chastity fascinates me.&nbsp; So anyone out there with a kinky Puritan fetish, go to it and let me know what it's like.

 1. Free cheese. Your turn

 Which do you prefer? 1. Innies or outties (belly buttons) 2. Chiropractor or orthopedic? 3. Angel or buffy? 4. Aussies or kiwis 5.puppies or kittens? 6. a big pash or a warm hug? and then... 7. Russell Crowe - love him or hate him? 8. Whats the weirdest thing you have ever eaten? ( food stuffs only) 9. If you could permanently erase a moment in your life, which would it be? 10. Do you think anyone in the history of time has ever eaten a Kebab when they werent pissed?

 But only if you want to watch it. urlLink Click click click

 Here's a card to cheer her up. &nbsp;

 3 Signs You're Really, Really Sick (In Every Way) 1. &nbsp; You find yourself watching 4 back-to-back episodes of urlLink The Ashlee Simpson Show followed by the urlLink A2Z on Jessica Simpson ("P" is for Promise Ring, which Jessica's dad gave her so she wouldn't have sex with anyone but him... Ummm), and even worse, in your sick, sick delirium you hear yourself say "I kinda like that Ashlee Simpson." 2. &nbsp; You start answering your phone, which under normal, non-sick circumstances you just ignore, so that you can tell everyone, especially that guy from MCI that calls twice a week to ask if you want to switch your long distance service, that you don't feel good and could he bring you some orange juice and Tylenol Mega-Super-Duper strength when he gets off work? 3. &nbsp; Your mailman leaves a note in your mailbox asking if you've moved since you haven't been waiting on the steps for him everyday with cookies, a wedding license, and a glass of lemonade spiked with a date-rape drug as per usual. And yes, when I say you I mean me, or I, or one of the voices in my head.&nbsp; I'm sick. Monkey Pox or a bad case of Karma, most likely. But! Yesterday, in my fog of death, I received urlLink THE SUCTION CUP MONKEY OF DOOM!!! And I'm pretty sure it has healing properties because I suction cupped it to my TV and already I'm no longer watching anyone with the last name of Simpson attempt to sing! It may be the drugs talking, or one of my alter personalities, but Boz , you rock the casbah. Now, the rest of you, you can send flowers or a donation in my name to the Martin Sheen Foundation For Monkeys. Thank you.

 john john might or might not be aware of this little gem: urlLink THE INCREDIBLE HULK BLOG!

 We have another friend of the rwbs birthday today. Happy Birthday Segei &nbsp; urlLink Sergei . And in your honor I have phoned the local oldie classic rock station and requested that they play Birthday by the Beatles Happy Birthday To Me by Cracker and dedicate it to you. They said no. Go figure. Happy Birthday Anyway!!!

 Have you seen this child? If you have please contact the appropriate authorities, or the real world ... blogger style . We will meet all reasonable ransom demands.



 This is what a MAN'S bathroom sink should look like. No girlie soap, no moisturizer, no sanitary hand cleaner. Just generic soap, plastic glass, and cheap toothpaste.

 I just found a perfect use for my extraneous bathroom sink (I have two)! When I'm day laboring, I sweat like a bastard, so I have to at least rinse my hat at night so it doesn't reak the next day - 2nd sink makes a perfect rinse bin & I can hang the hat to dry overnight right there on the fawcett - It's also nice that Sandra & I can have our own sinks during her visit. Nobody will have to worry about the gritty hat since I don't plan on laboring during our vacation.

 Sorry I'm late, but I think the well thought-out probing questions will more than make up for my tardiness - 1. Iron Workers or Welders - Who really rules the shit house? 2. If Del Taco & In-N-Out were to become readilly available nationwide, would California then lose it's cultural significance? 3. What's the most embarrassing thing you've said to somebody (something that made you immediately regret the comment)? 4. It's really fun to be drunk in public, huh? 5. Holding a pee as long as possible before release is pleasurable - yes or no?

 It's urlLink Jer over at urlLink Thought Minion . Happy 30th Jer. And in your honor I have phoned the local oldie station and requested that they play Birthday by the Beatles and dedicate it to you. They said no. Go figure. Happy Birthday Anyway!!!

 Here is the list of approved rwbs reference texts. 1. urlLink Urban Dictionary 2. urlLink Sex Dictionary Does anyone know the definition of the urlLink Danza Slap ? Uh-uh-uh, no fair peeking! Do you have any reference texts that you think meet the rigorous standards of the rwbs? Submit them and find out.

 Where do you all stand on bikini spiders? Do they rock your world? Horrify you? Do you think they are a sign of sluttish lack of grooming, or are they an enticing hint at a bountiful bush? I had a near death experience in Indiana over the fourth of July and while I didn't meet any spirit guides or come away with any wisdom concerning the hereafter, it did bring up the question of pubic grooming. I went rowing on a lake and nearly drowned because I had been wearing overalls but they were so heavy I couldn't swim in them, so I had to take them off or sink. A storm was kicking up over the lake and the waves were huge. My puny arms were tired from unaccustomed rowing and the fucking dungarees must have weighed at least 50 pounds soaking wet. Plus because they were baggy the drag was incredible. I could barely keep my head up. I had to be fished out in my underwear by a fat old Hoosier on a pontoon boat. When I rose, dripping, and collapsed on the pontoon, I looked down there they were, in all their glory--curly,friendly, peeking out and not in the least phased. I don't know what the Hoosier thought. Let's hope he was distracted by my cleavage, or by his trick knee, or by the approaching tempest, but *I* was all too aware of their presence, and while coughing up water I kept thinking, shit, I should have shaved for this.

 laydees and gentlefellows everybody's favourite housemate (that would be me you baystards) has gotten herself a brand spanking (yes please)new hair cut and colour which took a measly 4 hours to get done.. apparentty its hard to get black hair dye out of your hair.... whoops! who knew! check the pix out at urlLink my blog How fucking hot am i?!?

 1. Pancakes or Waffles? 2. Name one irrational fear that you have. 3. What is your favorite smell? (Is it the smell of hard wood burning in the Potter Bed & Breakfast? What, I've been watching too much Dawson's Creek again? Oh. Ok. Minus that part about burning wood and the Potter B&B then.) 4. When you go to sleep at night do you fall right to sleep or do you lie awake for a while thinking about all the people you killed for no real reason that day, regrets, bills, Bill Clinton, and/or pie ? 5. If Gloria Estefan had you chained up in her basement where she and her Miami Sound Machine were singing and doing the conga for you for weeks causing your ears to bleed when suddenly one day Gloria decided to run upstairs and call Ricky Martin to come over to do a duet and one of the poor burnt out members of Miami Sound Machine took pity on you and handed you his cell phone, who would you call to come rescue you?

 check out my latest post on urlLink The Grand Ennui .

 Welcome AmyJo to the house. I think she is either a real cousin of Jonnie's or another one of Jonnie's pretend cousins, you know like Jonnie pretends that Evel Knievel and the Facts of Life's Lisa Whelchel are his cousins. Here is the acceptance email AmyJo sent to me. thanks for inviting me. I am as thrilled as a little girl. But the link doesn't work--even when I cut and paste! Anyway, could it have expired because I didn't do it over the weekend? Please advise, I can't wait for the Real World Blog house slumber parties. I have baby doll pyjamas all picked out. AmyJo , I need an icon pic or you will forever be either Bobbie , Bettie , or Billie Jo .

 I am at large among you! Yay! Oh, here's my quiz: 1) What would you choose as your nom de blues? 2)Would you rather turn into your mother or your father? 3) Where do babies come from? 4) How many of you work soul crushingly dull jobs and if you do, how do you keep your spark from being utterly extinguished by the cruel exigencies of a capitalist society? 5) Which is sexier: corset, codpiece, or string bikini?

 1. what band/song do you secretly like, even though people might make fun of them/you? 2. have you ever watched/listened to someone have sex? if not, would you if you could? 3. what have you done recently that makes you feel guilty? 4. if you could cure one disease, what would it be? 5. would you rather see how the future looks, or go back to a completely different time in history? and melanie/marci, i'm working on it. the atlanta contest runs this week on the radio, and if i win, IT'S ON.

 1. What pets do you have, and what are their names? 2. What is the last movie you saw? 3. What DVD have you rented more than any other? 4. Which of your parents are you most like, and in what way? 5. If I had all the money in the world, the car I would buy is the _________

 OK, here are my 5 questions: 1. What is the most memorable book you've ever read? 2. What actor/ actress could play you well? 3. What are your vices, if any? 4. Do you sleep on your stomach or back or in another position? 5. What award do you deserve today?

 Suction cup monkey.

 Your assignment this week is to write a five question quiz to help us to get to know our housemates a little better. Here is my quiz 1. You are having all of us over for dinner, what would you serve? 2. What is your favorite Johnny Depp movie? 3. If you could ask one house member a single question who would you ask and what would your question be? 4. Have you ever had a sexual liaison in a public place, if yes where, if no would you and where would you? 5. Who is the most annoying celebrity in the world? Post your answers in the comments section. Your quiz should be a new post.

 Im taking this as a personal insult! it makes me sound anal! im not anal! who told u i was anal! anal doesnt even begin to describe me! anyone who knows me will tell you that its a pil eof rubbish! now im going to go write an abusive letter to the owner of the site from which it came detailing all the reasons why it is wrong! ill show them anal! completely unfunny my arse! Wackiness: 40/100 Rationality: 62/100 Constructiveness: 40/100 Leadership: 44/100 You are an SRDF--Sober Rational Destructive Follower. This makes you a font of knowledge. You are cool, analytical, intelligent and completely unfunny. Sometimes you slice through conversation with a cutting observation that causes silence and sidelong glances. You make a strong and lasting impression on everyone you meet, the quality of which depends more on their personality than yours. You may feel persecuted, as you can become a target for fun. Still, you are focused enough on your work and secure enough in your abilities not to worry overly. You are productive and invaluable to those you work for. You are loyal, steadfast, and conscientious. Your grooming is impeccable. You are in good shape. You are kind of a tool, but you get things done. You are probably a week away from snapping.

 I found the link to this urlLink quiz on urlLink Jer's site . 20 Questions to a Better Personality Wackiness: 88/100 Rationality: 38/100 Constructiveness: 44/100 Leadership: 34/100 You are a WEDF--Wacky Emotional Destructive Follower. This makes you a menace to society, depending on how you channel your energies. You chew your fingers and have an addictive personality. Properly guided, you can be enormously productive--otherwise you run amok, stir up trouble, and generally have a hell of a good time. To your friends, you are a source of relentless entertainment. You often get into trouble, but you almost always find a way out. You are strangely popular and feed off others' energy. You live hard, seize the day, and although your more sober friends would like to see you settled down, you generally have fewer regrets and better memories than they do. Your tenet is that, at the end of the day, one regrets only what one didn't try. You are right. You could benefit from outside help in balancing your highs and lows. Or perhaps cutting back on the caffeine. Take the urlLink quiz if you dare.

 1. Boz is still the boz, smart, witty, cool, calm and collected, and a raging egomaniac with a herniated disk in his lower back. 2. Marci is sporting a new hairstyle courtesy of her good friend urlLink Melanie . The Marci Mullet 3. Dvl is on a secret mission, I can't divulge what it is because I wooden want to cross her. 4. Belle's blog must have been hacked, because she hasn't posted in a month. Has Norman Bates finally struck? 5. Jonnie is either Dennis Quaid or David Spade, or Randy Quaid, or the obviously Amish guy on the bicycle. 6. Sandra is coming to America in a week, let's just hope that Jonnie isn't the deranged maniac we all believe him to be and everything works out all right. 7. MadMathias is back from his cross country journey in which he played Dennis Hopper to urlLink Monique's Peter Fonda. 8. Rosa is stuffed up, but don't feel too sorry for her she's been perpetually stuffed up for the year and a half that I've known her. 9. Nancy is using stalling tactics to delay turning in her "real" self portrait, and I do not believe for one moment that CJ ate her homework. I think that is all for now. Wait, oh yeah, we will be getting a new house member as soon as she replies to the invitation that I sent out yesterday. Yes, another she. Now that is really all for now.

 Ok, we all know that Jonnie has been working in a quarry, and that he used to hang around the quarries in Bloomington Indiana, and that he also was in the movie Breaking Away . In the picture below which of the Cutters is Jonnie ?

 Here's Rosa!!! urlLink

 The Troll, rosa's brother, emailed this to me earlier today. Don't even ask why rosa calls him The Troll!

 Nancy has submitted her urlLink self-portrait . It's lame, but it's done.

 Fling poo.

 It isn't rosa, because rosa's was urlLink posted yesterday. Let's see, could it be dun dun dun NANCY!!!

 Write a haiku or a limerick with the word spooge , spoo , or smegma in it.

 It is time for the weekly RW...BS public service project, and I have a winner for us. According to urlLink this article , loud noise causes women to eat. As a public service, let's add to the list of things that cause women to eat. I shall start (basing this on personal experience) 1. Breathing 2. Feeling happy 3. Feeling sad 4. Feeling 5.

 "The robber escaped the scene in a green, metallic car...." He thought about driving his green plastic car instead, but he thought it was too lightweight for a getaway car.....

 mmm nothing warms you up on a cold like a steaming hot mathematical concept served with double cream... can you feel the love?

 So thats where all my aloe vera kleenex went... you leave them on the couch for just a minute and some no good house mate (not mentioning any names... JONNIE!) steals them as he gets ready for a date... to play theres something about Jonnie (unless ur a brit u wont get that joke.. so urlLink click here ) So now im stuck blowing my goobers into ungodly sand paper like toilet paper and normal tissues... Oh the humanity! Ive been pretending that i wasnt sick (denial never works.. it didnt work for clinton, it wont work for me) It hit me full blast, im reduced to a dribbly old person, even more so than usual. BAH HUMBUG!

 I haven't really been doing day labor, I've been building on to the house during the day. I can't believe you all didn't hear the racket. There's a room there for belle and a couple of guest rooms. I know it's a little tacky, but I didn't want to forget where it was.

 Sherilyn's Australian Meat Pies Favorite pie crust recipe Puff pastry for topping 3 to 3 1/2 lb Ground beef 2 Onions, minced Beef broth Water Worcestershire Sauce Freshly ground nutmeg (the secret ingredient) Salt and pepper Flour and water, for thickening (an unusually large amount) Egg wash to glaze. Created by Sherilyn Sue. Schamber Everything is done by sight and taste. Make pie dough. Pull just enough dough off to fill a small tin with excess on the sides for sealing and crimping. Fork bottom in a few places so the crust doesn't rise and bubble. Spray tin with nonstick spray. In a large pot, cook meat and onion. Add broth and a small amount of water to cut the strong taste of broth. Season with nutmeg, Worcestershire Sauce, salt and pepper. Add flour and water mixture. Cook and stir until thickened. The sauce should be quite thick. Cool the filling on top of the stove and then fill the pies. Place a little warm water around edges of crust; cover with puff pastry; seal and crimp. Makes holes on top with a fork for steam release. Brush with egg wash. Bake 350 F until tops are browned. Cool on wire racks. Serve with plenty of mashed potatoes, green peas, and lots of tomato sauce (Catsup.) Meat pies maybe freeze well. Place in freezer bags. Reheat at 350 F until thoroughly heated. If edges of crust start browning too quickly, cover with strips of foil.

 urlLink Click to make larger.

 If anyone has any objection... you can bite me!

 What a perfect 4th of July! After webcamming with Sandra most of the morning, I spent the rest of the holiday in the backyard pool - Is there such a thing as a "Jumping Jackoff"? I know there's an excercise called the "Jumping Jack" and I'm thinking for some reason that if you do a jumping jack off the diving board, it's called a "jumping jackoff". I used to do them when I was 10 years old or so. But that just as well may have been something I made up as a kid. At any rate, jumping jackoffs hurt a lot more than I remember (in the private area) and I don't recommend them for guys over the age of 10.

 is so good it makes me want to cry ... in july.

 You are Lime . You are quirky and misunderstood. You are definitely your own person. You don't let anyone tell you who you should be. You never sell out your values and beliefs, no matter what. However, you can sometimes have trouble fitting in, but only because you are misunderstood. Most Compatible With: Wintergreen urlLink Which Tic-Tac Flavor Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 You are Orange -- You are outgoing and optomistic. You always try to find the bright spot in everything. You are energetic and people are naturally attracted to you. However, you are not always sure of what your purpose or goals are. Most Compatible With: Fresh Mint urlLink Which Tic-Tac Flavor Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 but they do make my mouth all tingly. You are Wintergreen . You are cool and collected. You are very comfortable with yourself and what you do. Even if you have a lot of responsiblities, you always manage to be in control. You are sometimes laid-back and you are always the voice of reason. However, others may see you as lazy or detached sometimes, unable to act responsibly. Most Compatible With: Lime urlLink Which Tic-Tac Flavor Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I would like to wish everybody a happy 4th of July. I will be recovering from sunburn this year, but would like to share a photo from last year's festivities - The guy who was renting my friend's basement moved out & left this huge rubber cat. We thought it would make a good stage for our fireworks display.

 I told you these quizzes really suck ass in the accuracy department. My japanese name is 中村 Nakamura (center of the village) 健太 Kenta (healthy and plump) . urlLink Take your real japanese name generator! today! Created with urlLink Rum and Monkey 's urlLink Name Generator Generator .

 I Spy - Topic: PIE!!!!!!! In honor of PIE IN JULY... go out there and take pics of pie or things that relate to or resemble pie... or even things that kinda sound like pie. Have fun... include yourself in the pic if you can but it's not required. Post all your photo(s) to the RWBS Buzznet photoblog ASAP!!! (and continue to do so all month long during Pie in July -- you're not limited to just one photo for this project... the more the better.)

 Do the right thing.

 4th of July weekend audio post. urlLink

 urlLink Dog Toy or Marital Aid? I got 11 out of 14 correct.

 It occurs to me, as I study the photographs of the housemembers, that the RW...SB has no blond(e) members. (Well, I'm not sure about Matt, and Belle's monkey is a redhead.) Could there be some nefarious bias at work here?

 now that i have your attention, my first question is: Is there a female term relating penis envy? along the same discussions of cock blocking and it's female counterpart, is there a legitimate phrase, slang or otherwise that comes close to this? breast jealousy? i only ask because there's going to be a bunch of it around when the word gets out that not only did marci, dvl, and i test out the new 400 thread count pillow cases with a bout of naked pillow fighting, but we ALSO watched 23 episodes of fraggle rock. in a row.

 Marketers in Minnesota claim they can turn Buffalo's 160,000 trash totes and recycling bins into cash cows. Picture these receptacles decked out in weather-resistant advertising decals that would be heat-sealed to make sure they dont fall off on frigid winter mornings or steamy summer days. What would you like to see advertised on YOUR trash can?

 What the fuck has happened to everybody?

 What was the dumbest thing you did this past weekend? I walked into a park bench and recieved a three inch abrasion on my leg for my troubles.

 According to Jonnie, David Duchovney is evil incarnate. I don't know, I just don't see it.

 When would be a good time to meet? If Jonnie, Sandra, Dvl, and Nancy were to meet in one place, it would be the largest RW congregation ever! If we could catch AmyJo on her way back from New Mexico, it would be half of the 10 housemates (though I don't think she spends much time on the internet outside the workplace, so I don't know how feasible that would be). So when is a good time for everybody? Evening? Weekends?? LA or Orange County?? Sandra and I are pretty flexible.

 urlLink Jonnie are you ???

 I hate to see a man come between two roommates so I beseeched Martin, who I know in a roundabout way because Charlie and I did time together, to autograph separate pics for Belle and Nancy. What I do to keep peace and harmony in this house. urlLink Belle's pic urlLink Nancy's pic I hope this nips any bad blood in the bud.

 From the BBC: Tesco plans anti-tantrum trolley Many children have tantrums in the supermarket Designers are working on a shopping trolley that plays DVDs, CDs and educational games for children. Supermarket chain Tesco is developing plans for what it calls the Tantrum Tamer with trolley manufacturer Wanzl. The design features an electronic screen attached to the handle of the trolley and a seat at the back. I think it is possible that Tesco may not have thought of ALL the possible add-ons that would help the shopping parent entertain his/her child/ren. I am certain that RW...BS housemates and readers can come up with some excellent suggestions.

 Marcia Brady turns 48 years old today. Name your favorite Brady Bunch moment.

 "Well, they say that santa fe is less than ninety miles away, And I got time to roll a number and rent a car. Oh, albuquerque. I’ve been flyin’ down the road, and I’ve been starvin’ to be alone, And independent from the scene that I’ve known. Albuquerque. So I’ll stop when I can, find some fried eggs and country ham. I’ll find somewhere where they don’t care who I am. Oh, albuquerque,Albuquerque. " -Neil Young I'm going to Albuquerque tomorrow morning. If I encounter any aliens, illegal or extraterrestrial, you will be the first to know. And if I die in midair in a fiery ball of flame or spontaneously combust from parental weirdnesses, it's been lovely and pleasant. I will eat some soapapillas in the RW...BS's honor. With honey. And beer. New Mexico is a weird place. Both my grandfathers worked on the bomb. I spent miserable summers in the early 1980s there--living below the poverty line, tormented by an evil stepmother and sleeping in the basement, listening to ambulances and barking dogs and convinced that if the monsters behind the furnace didn't get me, the scary borrachos outside on the sidewalks would. Or that I would simply die of my step's bitchiness and my father's lack of spine. I used to stay up all night reading out of sheer terror. Which is why I can read so fast to this day. And probably why I remember every single book I ever read as a child. Fear does wonders for the memory. We had a swamp cooler. Ever seen one? They're like primitive air conditioners, only all they do is drip water and tantalize you because they sound like air conditioners, and you keep expecting them to give you the blessed relief of air conditioners, but they don't do Shit. I used to get good old New Mexico nosebleeds all the time, too. And the sound of cicadas can still stop my heart. I hate Albuquerque. Especially in summer. But then again, it's kind of an amazing city, because it hasn't changed since the 1970s. It's like time tripping to go there. Just as long as I don't have to sleep in the basement.

 listen. i've been in a bit of a funk. i was over at zann's house with a colander on my head when lightning struck and now i can't stop ta-ta-talking like max headro-ro-room. not since the days of coke vs. pep-pep-pppsi challenge have i felt so, *cough*, wired. the g-g-g-good NEWS IS! that i can now transmit pictures from the hub-ub-ubble t-t-t-telscope to the televsion our room. when we're not playing ne-k-k-k-kid nintedo p-p-illow fighting, that izz.z..z..z. ah-ha-ha-ah.

 Go over to urlLink The Grand Ennui and tell me how adorable I am.

 But here's a quiz anyway. You Are Fool In The Rain You are a very bizarre person, to say the least. You don't think the way most other people do. And you probably don't really care. You defy convention, and probably really like burritos. And you're very content with your life. You're a ray of sunshine. Piercing, bizarre end-of-the-world sunshine, but sunshine nonetheless. While most people are going to college to be lawyers or accountants or something, you'd be just as happy working at Tippy's Taco Stand in San Dimas, CA. You probably have a really interesting car. You definitely do not drive a Honda Civic. There's a good chance that you smoke weed. There's a good chance you sell it. Everybody worth anything likes you a lot. urlLink Take the Which Led Zeppelin Song Are You? Quiz

 Goddammit. This is the second time this month my Aquarius-live-in-Ex-in-the-process-of-finding-another-place-to-live-but-can't-because-SF-is-so-goddamned-expensive-and-he-doesn't-have-a-job-bumstead-wanker set the alarm ahead an hour out of plain and simple (yeah right) goddamned absent-mindedness . So I woke up at 630 am on no sleep due to tearful breakup/why can't we try again fights the night before, thought it was 730, panicked, skipped all basic hygeine, showed up at work to find the office locked and all the coffee places closed because it was so fucking early! So I walked the waterfront, stinking and decaffeinated and freezing my unwashed ass off, cursing the end of relationships and the sick means the unconscious uses to say "fuck you".

 I am not blaming it all on him, but it seems that we have both been a little absent lately, and we haven't come out of our room in awhile, so I can only imagine what you all have been thinking. I am here to set the rumors straight. WE HAVE IN FACT BEEN PLAYING NINTENDO WITHOUT YOU ALL.

 Today is Martin Sheen's 64th birthday.

 Mea culpa. I was trying to pour some Melville onto the zonkboard and it couldn't handle his scintillating prose. That's what I get for trying to raise the tone of this place. Damn! Sorry. As penance I will now give you a quotation, at random, from Thackeray's "Vanity Fair" which has nothing whatsoever to do with Melville, but they are making a movie of it (with Reese Witherspoon) so maybe this will whet your chops. ". ..was perverted at the Cocoa-Tree, made helplessly tipsy by this abominable suitor and perverter of youth, and fleeced of four thousand pounds." Ah Bartleby, ah humanity!

 I found this on urlLink The Pissed Kitty's site. Cor blimey, I taste like Tea . I am a subtle flavour, quiet and polite, gentle, almost ambient. My presence in crowds will often go unnoticed. Best not to spill me on your clothes though, I can leave a nasty stain. What Flavour Are You?

 Since August is traditionally the hottest and muggiest month of the year this months theme is dun dun dun urlLink Au Natural August . If you have to do it you might as well do it naked.

