 *Yahtzi. Hey, where's Miah?

 This question is not part of the game, k? How the heck does this work if you don't answer the questions?

 Pablo's Questions: #4: It must be answerable by yes or no. #5: No, I don't llike it. #6: How should I know? #7: No, the "main" portion does not go underground. #8: I don't think you can eat it raw... You do realize that according to the rules, this being a vegetable doesn't necessarily mean it IS a vegetable? It can be any plant or plant-product.

 #4. How much does it cost? #5. Ddo you like it? #6. Do I like it? #7. Does the main portion grow undergrond? #8. Can you eat it raw?

 Uhmm, u there Pablo?

 Who's this guy who seems to want to pick a fight in me in DPS? We're all getting opinionated in this coming elections, I see. All those words. They're not registering in my mind anymore. *sigh* Exams suck!

 Seesh! It's such a complex essay. Can I comment on it next week when I'm finally free of having to fill the little space in my mind of formulas for the 3 accounting classes I have? Ummm... I know his email address but he still didn't say if he wanted to join. We're, like, waiting for Pablo to catch up, right?

 HEY!!!! I wanted to open a topic there, but you wouldn't recognize it!!! To Pablo: Please give anyone of us your email address so that we could invite you there. You need an invitation to enter. Debb could work it out. No questions so far?

 PReSeNt! I'm still here, though not much had any endomorphines for the past weeks, so I just had to settle for my eyes to do most of the work in the computer. Now, I've been invited to be in friendster for almost a year now and I'd thought it was a dating service. Heck I see 'alot of Dilimanians roaming around as if it was a reunion web. That's why Mando hasn't been paying much attention to other groups, ehehehe. Eniweyz I'm in! Pablo: - Do you wanna join the soulsanctum, yahoo groups? Its a soulgathering group of heathens, including me, headed by the Daemon himself. Topics or no topics, you'll mostly get to know most of their mood swingz just by the messages they make. So how 'bout it? T'all: --- Friendster accounts pls! It's Invite or get invited! The more the merrier!

 What is Soul Sanctum?

 I do post there. I don't know about Debb. You can, you know, invite Pablo there is you want. You're the owner. Pablo, would you be interested in Soul Sanctum, do you think?

 Yeah, and I also eat chicken. How's that for a bird? Face or no face, it's not really a person with a name, so you could actually allay your disgusts and pity on it. Yeah, well, okay, enough bird talk. I do not eat that thing, that egg. Pablo's #3: Oh, jesus, No. NOT that it cannot be found here, but it isn't exactly "native". Could Debb tally the Q&A again? And can you please post at Soul Sanctum time and again?

 Ok, enough with the balot already. I mean, there are some really wierd stuff Americans eat that I won't eat so it's quits!

 Well I just don't like the thought of eating somethings face. Even a little baby brid, still just doesn't sound quite right. And thats probably because I have never had it. Its not part of my culture, I guess I have been living is the U.S. for too long or something. Anyway, I don't mean to insult anyone that does eat it. #3. Is it native to the Philippine region?

 Ask him. It's kinda wierd to introduce Pablo when he can introduce himself just as well, right? Anyway, as for my school, they're only putting the limit to us BS-Accountancy students. Everybody else can pass through their whole college life with 3.0 grades while we have to have a grade limit that's as high as Law students. Seesh! And we're the first batch with this. We started off about a hundred and fifty or so and now we're 30 or so and dropping out of the running fast with the damned terror teachers. Ack!

 How could he be Lopez and not be exotic? Or at least Filipino? Is he Hispano?

 Rox's stupid school: That would make our school stupid as well. Or just plain correct. Hadn't they forced you to maintain grades, would you actually KNOW what you KNOW now? Rox's egg: Yes, balot is good. When I was a kid and taste was still oblivious. Now, I don't eat balot so I cannot confirm. Why, Pabs? You believe you see on TV that Filipinos eat that disgusting duck egg already in its maturation? Well, other Pinoys do (as I said, I have no nationality, tee hee). It is not disgusting. Maybe it is "Exotic" for you. I do eat Chicharon Bulaklak (Pig's Large Intestines), and it tastes cool. I also eat Ice cream. DIRTY ice cream (and they dubbed it that just because it is sold on the road, like in other countries. Stupid nomer).

 Guys, di ba masarap ang balot? Hindi naniniwala si Pablo, eh!

 I'm going to have to start it at a later date. I'm in danger of being forcedly shifted to another subject if I don't study well for our finals. We have a grade average to maintain. Stupid school!

 Pab's #1: Yes. That should serve as a very good clue for a vegetable... Deb's internet question: I'm usually online monday afternoons, or mornings, around 10 am to 5 pm, but not later. Yes, that's Philippine time (so you take the Manila time conversion, plus one hour. Always add one hour when converting Philippine time!!!). Pab's #2: No, not a vine. Rox's Religion: Go ahead. I am anti-religious, or even anti-Christian, but I'll fall for yer gigs, nonetheless.

 I wonder what will happen if I start a religion discussion... It's probably going to be interesting but I don't want dissention. Iah, We're waiting for you. Jed, When we graduate, maybe.

 #2. Does it grow on a vine?

 Pablo, Yes, they have Starbucks o'er here. How do I know? Well, Starbucks is just a 3 stores away from the place I work. The thing is, there are alot of Flipz (slang for Filipinos like me), albeit asians as a whole, in our area. And coffee starts off our social morning. Now about Tullys, the only Tullys I know of is a merchandising/wholesale store just like Walmart. Rox, I know of a way of downloading mp3's without downloading those Ad-infested/virus infested I- Mesh or Kazaa Mp3 players/dls. The problem is, it isn't a website, but a program. but still, both the program & mp3 are free (at least I think it is). You can even download animes such as Dragonball & Ranma if you're really diligent... Generally, a song has 3-6 megabytes to fill ur disk drive, so u better have decided if downloading songs is what u really want though. But I think you already have your own mp3 collection. I tell ya, I got addicted in downloading mp3's up to this day. Though anyway, wouldn't it be cool if you a bought a portable mp3 player to fit in ur pocket (u can transfer mp3's from comp. to the player). So much for piracy, hahahaha. They can't stop me, Mwahahahaha!!! Dammit', I'm so rowdy. Miah, When are you supposedly be online? I wanna talk to mi amigo sometime.

 Pablo unincluded, Does anyone know Silver and Cold by AFI? And any url to downloadable mp3?

 ummm..... are ge gonna wait till he gets to #8? Pablo, Not all of us lives in the Philippines. Faust, Yeah, I meant the others.

 #1: is it leafy? And by leafy I mean is the main part of which you speak of leafy?

 Rox's #8: Nope. I don't add x to my name. I add zero... it is much more... clazzic. I am Jeremiah, but Daem0n or Faust is more common nowadays, although my nicknames range from "Iah" (pronounced, a'ya), to Jerry, to Jem, to Je, to Jere, to Ian, to Mai, and other. I'm Filipino by blood, but I have no nationality, just because I don't carry any of their traditions. Please, if you want to join 20 questions, don't hesitate. You have 20 questions to ask yourself, so try to catch up. They're at their eighth. There's Starbuck here for the bourgeoises, and we have other food stores from other countries wit hdifferent names. What is yer nationality, if any?

 You guys have Starbucks over there. Thats cool, do you also have Tullys?

 Well then, let me introduce myself. I'm Jed (Actually my name is Debb but then I ain't an effeminate lad, so blame it on my mom, anywayz u may call me whatever you feel calling me) --- and I'm no South Korean punk. I currently live here in the west coast, taunting for Death to come, and I'm a working student. As if anybody cares. I'm actually a friend of a friend of a friend which makes my friend's friend my friend also, that's if they want me to be their friend, get it? Thats it... STARBUCKS!!! (get a hold of yourself, Jed, or u may scare the hell out of 'em)

 Well hello to every one, I'm sure I'll learn your names soon enough. Ok what time zone are you guys in? Because I'll be all posting stuff when your asleep. And Tagalog is that a cereal? It sounds crunchy. What kind of cereal do you like? And when I say you I mean the collective. And what are the rules to this game? Does every one get 20 questions, or is there 20 questions for the group? Oh and do these question count? I think I've asked to many questions now.

 Ummm... so just u guys know, Pablo doens't know Tagalog so I guess we'll do English as we talk here, right? And stop predicting doom and gloom on Pablo's attentiveness. I'm sure he'll be more active. Will someone check out urlLink Freaky Dreams ? I was reading it in a newspaper somewhere but I don't have to time to check it out. I'm rushing. Pablo, Just wing it! We change topic from time to time. It depends on what's happening in our lives. Days of our Lives... Hah ha! They used to air that in a local channel and no one understood it. I wonder if anyone actually watched. Jer, How can it be a scrabble game if it's not a scrabble game? It's not logical. Jed, Lay off the coffee or you'll find yourself older than you should be. Oh? That was you? I thought it was someone else. Why do you guys keep adding x to your usernames? Now I'm interchanging you and I'm not entirely sure who I'm talking to. Sorry for being a snob. I would have said hello and talked to you if I realized it was you. I thought it was Mark. You guys don't know him except he owns one of those 'swinging' yahoo groups that leaves me cold. Ugh!

 Oops! My turn. He he! =D 8.) Is it round?

 Scrabble Card Game? Can we play it online too? I get that feelin' that it ain't.

 Jed's #8?: I'm not sure. Hello, Pablo!!!! It's good to have you with us. Of course, until you get bored and leave, or stop talking, like the others who WERE here before. What do we need? More games!!! Nah, joking. Hey, debb, I bought a Scrabble cards game. It is something like scrabble, but nothing like scrabble. Oh well.

 Pablo! How r u bro?! Do you know me? Do I know you? Does it really matter?! Not for me. I hope u feel the same way too. U know what? the more the merrier! I just hope ur not like some any other "guy" I know who messages to us things & thangs of his whatever-happened-to-you intro and that'll be the last message u will hear from him in a millenia or so. You know what I mean? Are u scared? Shoot, I need to get more of those strong coffee in my bloodstream. ASAP. Its just one of those lanky days. *yawn Rox, I will refrain from replying a "You didn't answer me when I was greeting u at messenger a few days ago. Have you received it? Just checkin' why u were screwed" message. heheh.

 well i'm glad to be here, i'm new to this whole thing so can someone give me the rundown? haa that was a funny movie

 Welcome to Pablo! We're glad to have you on board! Jed, I will refrain from replying, "When was it ever filled?'" Meow! Joke! Heh heh!

 Hmmm... Can't think of anything. My head seems to be empty for the moment.

 Nah! Surely not. It's just coz we're all not doing nothing more than the game here. We need a topic while we're playing said game.

 Oh goodness... A snail is much faster than this.

 #8) Does your target object emit any distinct odor/fragrance, such as jasmine or pandan?

 Hintayin ko na tanong ni Debb para maging organized ang game.

 for clarifications, my 5.) is it used for a specific purpose?

 [ Sat Feb 28, 03:14:20 AM | Roxanne San Buenaventura | edit ] actually, Jere answered the question # 2 with another uncertain. Anyway, my question is, is it used for a specific purpose? Rox's #7: My god, no. Got the clue there?

 Wait. Ano ba ang question # 5 ni Rox at hindi ko mahagilap kung ano ang naitanong niya. I need to list all the questions & answers 'ya know. Catchall'l8er

 Debb, I completely agree. Hopefully he continues on. 7.) Is it used for household purposes?

 Rox's #6: I can't believe you just asked something really difficult. If you speak of edible as in I take it up in my mouth, chew it, swallow it then digest, then it is NOT. Debb's #6: Yes, plantae. The site is against me because it isnt sending my word immediately when it suppose to.,

 Jed's #9: Ahhh, now we're getting somewhere. Yes, it is purely organic with no syntehetic components!!! Hi, Rai. Hi, Rox. Hi, Pablo. Hi, Debb. Hi, Mando, if you're still there.

 Present. Nagkalat tong sched ko, kaya naghahabol pa ako para sa summer class. I'm checkin u guyz at night. My Question: #9) Is ur target object purely organic and with no synthetic component? (Ex: Bittergourd is purely organic whilst plastic has organic and synthetic component.)

 Ummm... I guess that's my cue. We've found ourselves a little lost on what to talk about when our lives are as boring as they are and we do find ourselves a little slow with our quips a time or two and so, we've started a 20-questions game. Faust is the one who's making us guess. It's supposed to be a vegetable. Plantae. We've got a new member of this blog, Pablo, who I sometimes refer to as P-chan. He's from Washington. We're trying to ascertain what is happening to Debb. Faust now has his own personal blog, too. Meadow of Lore, right? Nothing with me.

 Might fit, might not. Try bunging everything inside... might ruin it though. Anyways, i lost track in here. Mind for some recaps? Don't suggest that "read the past posts". Still losing track.

 Pablo's #9: (finally, a person who can really count! joke) Yes, it could fit in a bread box. Well, some of it, not all of it.

 actually, this will be number nine. #9. Can it fit in a bread box?

 Ok. I've gone back to the past posts and that was my 10th, Debb should be at his 9th and P-chan is going to be on his 8th. At least, if I'm correct. I hate numbers because I have to work with it everyday. I'm not yet an accountant. I don't have the CPA board passing to be an accountant. P-chan is like so busy with his trying to get a job. I barely even talk to him anymore. Rai, weebee as they say in the chatrooms. Debb, where the heck are you?

 Rox's Whatever that number is question: No, it ain't no pillow, kid. For an accountant, you hate numbers? That's just nuts. I thought you were the real accountant, at least in this group you are. If you think it is bad (gmail) I won't go there then. Iterative is like repetitive, right? Whatever. Where's Pablo. I want him to talk in soul sanctum. Hi Rai. Missed you too. Please post something useful na rin. Hehe.

 I missed this space. ^^,

 1. Me 2. I have no idea. That wasn't part of my job. I hate numbers!!! 3. Probably somewhere out there, over the rainbow, way up high. 4. Who's the real accountant? 5. I have no idea. 6. Because I hate numbers. 7. Yes. Isn't it obvious? 8. What is iterative? 9. Please what? 10. Bad bad bad bad bad but if you want space, there you have it! 11. Depends on you. There. I don't get the music you sent either. I think I'll stick to Japanese songs.

 Is it a pillow?

 The questions I'm going to ask are: Who is asking? What is the recent question number of everyone playing? Where is Jed when you need someone to account for the questions? Can't the real accountant do the accounting of the questions? Why am I passing the responsibility anyway? Why don't you ask with your numbered questions anyway? Have you visited my site? www.geocities.com/daem0n_faust Am I being ridiculously iterative? Please? Is it a good server (gmail)? Should I get one? Okay, I am happy now.

 So who's question is it now? I still have no idea what the darn thing is.

 Hey guyz! 'Wanna just holler that google has a protoype e-mailer called gmail. You get 1000 mb (1 gig) of free e-mail memory just by joining it for the time being. Not too shabby eh?

 Excuse me. I pronouncethat music ugly. However, to sample thingsI listen to, go to http://www.irishmusiccentral.com/scheer/sounds.html which contains an MP3 of Scheer in an ugly copy. Only online file of it that I know. Jesus. Now that's music. Click on Wish You Were Dead.

 Ahhh... I see. Males have wierd taste in music.

 Promotions: Visit http://www.geocities.com/daem0n_faust. Nuff said.

 He's singing Maroon 5 (that streamliner ==>my new concocted word for jumping in the fad-related social bandwagon). Well, if he feels like singing maroon 5, I feel like singing .... wala. Nevermind.

 Bro?

 this life is taking its toll on me. she's breakin' in front of me. i'm here to fix things, am i not? this lif--make that love, is taking its toll on me..she said goodbye too many times before.

 Pablo's #?: Sorry, I don't know. It can be anything plant product or what. Like cotton pillow.

 P-chan, it can be something else other than plant.

 Hmnnn...

 does it have seeds?

 Lazy bones.

 Who's from San Diego? And how come no one else is asking their ninth?

 What the... Who's the "four-eyed" being from San Diego?

 Cute, bro. Cute. Geeze! I'm merely human. I wouldn't want to be a goddess. Who would like to live that long?

 hello. like the waning of the moon, sometimes i'm here sometimes i'm not. there is no schedule for my appearances..they come randomly. how art thou, i ask each one of you. oh... four-eyed being from san diego is here.. to the moon goddess..i have not a clue concerning the whereabouts of the "others", but i am here.

 I see. Pinaisip mo ako urlLink doon , ah! Where are the others?

 Good question. You could always try adding your own standard url + my blog's name instead of yours. Meadow of Lore. Your game question(?): Technically speaking? Yes, it is preferrably dry!

 How can we check ur blog if we don't know the url? Is it dry?

 Thanks. Now ask away! Or you could also begin checking my own PERSONAL (means you don't get to post!) blog, the meadow of lore.

 ...A VEGETABLE NO. JED ANSWER ROX ANSWER PABLO ANSWER #1 Does it start with a consonant? yes Is it long? Uncertain Is the main part leafy? Yes #2 Does it end in a consonant? no Is it good or bad? yes/no questions only Does it grow on a vine? No, not a vine. #3 Is it 2 or more words? no Is it more solid than liquid? yes, it is more solid than liquid. Is it native to the Philippine region? It isn't exactly native. #4 Is it 2, 3, or 4 syllabled? yes (2,3 or 4) Is it in the darker side of the color spectrum? No, its a bit on the lighter side of the color spectrum How much does it cost? yes/no questions only. #5 Is it a 3 syllabled word? no Is it used for specific purpose? Yes. Do you like it? No #6 Is it made up of plant materials? yes, plantae. Is it edible? Personally, no. Do I like it? How should I know? #7 Does it emit any distinct odor/fragrance? Not Sure Is it used for household purposes? My God, no. Got clue there? Does the main portion grow underground? No, the main portion doesn't grow underground. #8 Are the leaves on the main portion naturally green and not even a tint of any color? Yet to be answered. Is it round? no Can you eat it raw? I don't think you can eat it raw.

 ... A VEGETABLE NO. JED ANSWER ROX ANSWER PABLO ANSWER #1 Does it start with a consonant? yes Is it long? Uncertain Is the main part leafy? Yes #2 Does it end in a consonant? no Is it good or bad? yes/no questions only Does it grow on a vine? No, not a vine. #3 Is it 2 or more words? no Is it more solid than liquid? yes, it is more solid than liquid. Is it native to the Philippine region? It isn't exactly native. #4 Is it 2, 3, or 4 syllabled? yes (2,3 or 4) Is it in the darker side of the color spectrum? No, its a bit on the lighter side of the color spectrum How much does it cost? yes/no questions only. #5 Is it a 3 syllabled word? no Is it used for specific purpose? Yes. Do you like it? No #6 Is it made up of plant materials? yes, plantae. Is it edible? Personally, no. Do I like it? How should I know? #7 Does it emit any distinct odor/fragrance? Not Sure Is it used for household purposes? My God, no. Got clue there? Does the main portion grow underground? No, the main portion doesn't grow underground. #8 Are the leaves on the main portion naturally green and not even a tint of any color? ANSWER Is it round? no Can you eat it raw? I don't think you can eat it raw.

 You may ask your eighth questions, unless... could you do me afavor, Debb, and tally the Q&A's? Thank you. Also, you may try joining groups.yahoo.com/group/slayersoofgoodness. It is a game group for role-playing, and they need more applicants.

 Never mind. We're complete. On with the game. What number is the next?

 What? Who's the American? What naturalization r u guyz talkin' about?

 No, you can become a citizen by naturalization. And it doesn't take that long. You just have to take a test.

 I thought that takes 10 years, at least, or American parents?

 He became an American. Other than that, I am not sure.

 Hmmm... what happened to Debb?

 Kayo pa makakalimutan ko?! Anung topic pala naten? Eniweys, I personally welcome Roxanne to the rigors of non-teenage life! As they always say, "It's that time to move on,"

 Wow! Nag-post si Debb.

 Heya!

 Well... I can't say much about the template other than it is as it is. If you want to change it, be my guess. You can do it, I believe in you. It's their turns. It's not yet my turn so I'm simply waiting for them to ask one more question each. I liked that game. Who's the earthling?

 bored with Twenty Questions? (you aren't asking anymore). Check http://meadowoflore.blogspot.com/ for a new game!!!

 failure to comprehend your instructions... crashing...

 Jer, I think that the format for the template is fairly easy coz I've used a little like that format in my website. But anyway, if you're looking to add a little comment or something for all, look for this inside a tag. !-- This is an optional footer. If you want text here, place it inside these tags, and remove this comment. -- You can generally put anything inside it.

 ROX! BELATED HAPPY BIRTHDAY!SORRY NGAUN LANG DAMI GINAGAWA!Ü Debbie and Mando

 How in the worm do you edit the blog page itself? I dont understand the structure of the template.

 Uyyy, she's lookin for Debb! I feel jealous already! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Why do I reiterate things? Hey! Check this outta: http://www.jimloy.com/puzz/puzz.htm Reminds me of that First Year project you left to me.

 Ummm... I didn't see it. Anyway, argh! Today is the day. Am I still alive? Where's Debb?

 The design is growing into me. Hey, can anyone of you check my Bulletin Post at Friendster (first forwarded message)? Please? I wanna try it out, if it really works (no, actually, I only need the phonecall).

 What do you guys think of the new template? Blogger added a few extra stuff so other people can now comment if we enable it and there are even profiles available for the commentors.

 Geeze! Rub it in! But thank you it's still a few days away. Forrest Gump! urlLink What movie Do you Belong in?(many different outcomes!) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ROX!!!

 Heart of Gold urlLink What is Your Heart REALLY Made of? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla I rather doubt this. But this urlLink one was accurate the first time I took it.

 Has anyone seen that Josie and the Pussycats movie? I know! It was really stupid a bit immature but it made me laugh and I liked the songs. I can totally relate to "You Don't See Me." P-chan, just a thought but listen to it sometime and tell me what you think of the song. I'm getting a tad scared of the oncoming week. I'll be 20!!! Gadz! The dreaded time when I will be leaving the teenage years behind. Yes, it's totally senseless to worry about a change in years but this means that it's my last year in college and then I'll have to live on my own and cook for myself. I think that's the worst part. Having to cook for myself. Yes, I can cook but then, I'd have to actually be the one to budget just how much of my money will go to food and that's where my quandary is. I spend a lot of money on food!!! And the jobs!!! I'd have to say yes to someone telling me what to do all the time. As much as I'd like to be my own boss, I don't really have any capital or profitable money-making ideas from my marketable skills other than my doubtful skills of shopping and being able to get a lot of people to do as I want them to with them thinking it's their idea.

 I like (VERY MUCH!) Pablo's sentiments about the unimportant reflection between good grades and good jobs. But I would like to comment as violently as possible (which I usually do). There is no good job . Whoa! How about high-paying jobs? Cool, adventurous jobs which allows someone to do EXACTLY what he wants at the office, or field? How about those jobs which help me get a better social, emotional life? Those jobs which defines my life ? I saw this add on Television with the actor-running-president Fernando Poe trying (as hard as he could) to convincingly deliver his platform if he wins precidency. I was laughing inside, when he promised the viewers trabahong dekalidad (meaning, quality jobs). I thought immediately, what the HECK is he saying? There is no quality job . There can only be quality workers, which may be what we do not have. Because quality workers (unless any of you would go against) provide quality work-places. One cannot adopt a JOB to suit the professional -- quite the reverse. I suppose you may think I'm not qualified to think of this, but I am about to face a reality where jobs are hard to take, and income from regular 8-hourers are a bitch. My brother is about to resign from his designing job. He's going to computer-design school, and learn graphic stuff, since one of his friends took a graphic arts job which provides a minimum monthly of 20,000 pesos. Nice? But, as one Jap-American guy I've read said, more money doesn't solve the problem. It doesn't need a genius to figure out that after college, your work doesn't always pay you what you want. But what is it that one wants? One million a month for your measly services? I don't think that is priced fairly. Of course, there are many ways to get income, like sidelines and investments. These are actually the sources of money, not your dayjob. College wasn't about learning stuff for your future job, well, until the Industrial Age. According to Adam Smith's "Wealth of Nations", it would be better if each workforce would focus on a task to take in the whole of the industry. Probably the reason for for college-to-work knowledge is to learn the "specifics" and take a "role" in the company you will enter. This much is true. Today. But unfortunately, there are a LOT that a student is missing out if his focus on "getting good grades" is to get a job. In this way, he/she will fail. There are a lot to face in the workplace that he hadn't accounted for in college. Getting good grades is a good thing, but not the smart thing , at least not entirely. Just because one gets high, doesn't mean he can fly! The point is, college is so much more than the foundation of your work. You are suppose to learn much more than that. Take the technically irrelevant courses offered at school. Please, you don't need that at work. But that's because you're thinking about work. Not what you can learn. To me, college and work are two different realms, tangent to a few points only. Harassing aside (if one feels harassed by so much words), I want to tell you guys that college HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOUR JOB!!! In fact, you could start a business, with business knowledge without taking that course, and take a different college course altogether. What you get here is, knowledge on a CAREER from college, which you take as a JOB TO ENJOY BECAUSE IT IS YOUR VOCATIONAL EXPERTISE, and earn from a business, sideline, or stock investment(?), because that's the better source of revenue. Jobs, well, they just provide you something to do at day. Otherwise, one could completely focus on his businesses and just get more and more money. If money is the only thing in your heart's desire... College? Who said college life is peachy? College is so much more than nerds. College is an experience. However, one doesn't have to stick to college to learn. There's alotta learn out there while you work and play along your hard streets. Insanity it may seem to dismiss college as prologue to work, but it isn't.

 School, college, university, whatever you want to call it. It is just a giant waste of time and money. Because what are you going to get out of it? Some dead end job, life in a cage that's it. So it really doesn't matter if you go to school or not you will all end up the same. How rich is a dead man? It doesn't matter no matter what subject you major or what job you get, it is all the same in the end. But as for me I have a 4.0 (that's a good thing) and that by doing all the same things I did in high school; in which I graduated with a 1.5 (that's a bad thing). So whatever good grades or bad grades I am still the same. I don't no....What was the question again?

 I guess we're all reasonably intelligent even though unreasonably insane. Ummm... Heh heh! At the rate my grades are going, I'm so going to get kicked out of any job I apply to unless I get flat 1's in ever subject next sem.

 Grades?! College?! Social Life?! Hmmm, most of us can only have the luxury to choose 2. If you come to choose Grades with Social Life, that wouldn't be an ideal cocktail... It's really on the priorities.

 Me and grades are somehow made for each other, except I'm either torpe or just bad with commitment. I get very good grades (average of 3.25, where 4=100%) in FEU FERN, and didn't do so bad at TUP, T he U ltimate P akshiet! Well, somehow, I get myself in to too much slacking, after all the imminent "4"s that I will be receiving this trimester. Okay, let's see... in Literature, I don't think I have more than four correct answers on the final exam, which is 50% of the final grade. And if my professor wants it, she could get me suspended for working on my classmate's final project in a programming subject. Shite. What can you do, if you are a natural slacker but also a natural student? What? Well, of course, be both! Look where it's going to bring me... Hell, I suppose. So anyway, as a student, the important thing is, you study well, and you study what you want. That's the point of choosing what course you're going into, so you would be willing to get into the groove... baby. C'mon, if one likes what he/she's learning, how could you not allow to put the challenge of examinations and projects in your way? How, I say? If you love something, and you feel the ease of it, why not get inside it more? Wait... that sounded perverse. My point is, education is cool, and despite the fact that it is not a competition of grades, taking (and perfecting) exams should not be a chore, but a simple challenge or game, on your favorite sport . Cheers! If I sounded mahangin about my grades, I'm just too damn proud of it. Because, it is kinda weird. When you don't put much effort and you get good, it's like you have too much luck. And, the paranormal thing about it is that, where did that too much good luck came from? And when does it get pawned from me? *shivers*

 Ummm... I like the old one better. I'm glad you're all here. It's your turns to ask the question. Kukulitin ko na lang mamaya si P-chan. Anyway, what else would you guys like to discuss? How do you view grades? Personally, I used to really want high marks. I had a lot of experiences during my freshman year in college wherein I've cried my eyes out for what I would consider a low mark. But as of now, I don't particularly care as long as I pass. It's a bit blase in terms of attitude but I'd like to think that I'm a better student now in spite of somewhat average grades than I was before. I can even interact with my classmates better. I know I'm not doing bad in school because I still top the exams and contests but in terms of grades, I am merely average. It all depends on what exactly is your point in going to college, right? I merely want to learn.

 Hey, Cool Looks! Except, I don't like the thing where you cannot view blogger as a simple message board, but rather a group of singular fora. You know. It is harder to play with this design. But it's sooo cute!

 What's with the new blogger look?

 If you're ok with a gig of space for your mail which is a quarter of the usual space in a computer, momentary times in which the page won't load, and easy access to your mails, then get a gmail account, then.

 I don't use smileys. Not much in emails, and NEVER in real life.

 Gmail is as ok as yahoo or hotmail with more space but no smilies.

 Oh well... I'll wait till their 10th. Just to be fair. I wonder...

 Ahhh.. modelling. My brother tried that too. Hey, mando, magpost naman po tayo sa Yahoo!Groups, yes?

 I think I'm still alive. Hmmm... I'm alternating between studying my butt off, doing yoga, making a new site for my school org... It's urlLink Golden Paths , by the way.... Ummm... in continuation, staying up late online so people would stop calling me so late on the landline... *mutter*darned stupid people*mutter* and getting me in trouble for talking to people I shouldn't talk to and studying div layering and iframes. Nakuha ko na rin how basic div layering works. I used it in the JPIA site. I don't get it. How come when it's a site for someone else, Making a layout takes so little time but when it's my personal site, I hit a brick wall. Maybe it's the money. I'm supposed to go to a screening for image modeling for the brochure in our school tomorrow afternoon but I rather doubt I'll get it coz my eyebags are so dark by now. Ha ha!

 wha-- whaddaya mean by Mando Carlisian? i'm doin' great! and you? how bout rox? what are ye up to?

 I can teach you, IF I LEARN IT!!!! Hehe. Hi Mando Calrisian. Oh, wait. That's Lando. Hey, what's up? Let me check your site, Rox.

 well, what is "div layering at iframes"?

 We noticed. It's ok. Sino ba rito puwede magturo sa akin ng div layering?

 it's been a while since i last said something here. so, what's up with y'all?

 hi.

 Ang hirap mag-aral ng css at div layers. Parang gusto kong mag-tables na lang instead. Kainis! What do you think of the new urlLink banners I created in my urlLink site ? Sana naman ma-appreciate niyo. Jer, ginamit ko pic mo mismo para sa MOL mo.

 I cannot see your graphic from this point of view (my terminal at school). Haah! It IS indeed utterly boreeng.

 Elow! I am so so tired from making little itty bitty banners. I was making a banner for this site and I ended up making one like this==>> . I know you can't see the rocks but I worked really hard on that and hard at work on the other graphics. If only I can do this offline. CLAW!!! College Life and Whatnot.

 Eh di ipadala mo sa yahoo lahat. Malay mo, kung may isa kang account sa yahoo at isang account sa gmail, para ka na ring may virtual space sa internet na kasing rami ng computer memory mo. Geeze! Minsan kainis rin si Pablo! Ayan! Wala namang klase pero di man lang maisipang sabihing buhay siya. Oh well... Nasaan na ba yung isa?

 Gosh. Yahoo has more MB than my remaining disk space at home! (56Mb).

 It's not so bad. They're probably only competing with gmail. I wonder how hotmail will react to these.

 disgusting skin for yahoo.

 Perhaps they're busy tinkling with the new look of Yahoo! Mail. Ok, Ok, I'm guilty as charged.

 I have an uncle named Tydings. Who would name a person like that? He's in London now. That guy was a maniac. Is the spelling correct? Where's everyone else?

 good tydings.

 I've got 27 units and I think I'll be dead by the end of this semester. Two major accounting subjects, one law, one taxation, one IT and two english stuff. Argh! I'm all out of money from books and stuff. Waaahhh!!!

 Yep. Summer Class is a bum. Only got 3 units for this semester. Dang.

 Oh well... bias comes from unacceptance. Unacceptance comes from being afraid of something one can't understand. Classes started this week. I so need some sleep.

 You wanna see real bias? Check this out! http://www.chick.com/reading/tracts/0046/0046_01.asp contains "Christian" comics against Role-playing games such as Dungeons and Dragons (and like Slayer of Goodness, too!). During the HOT years of Role-playing games (the 70s baby!) there were two significant deaths -- suicides -- that were both blamed to role-playing, specifically Dungeons & Dragons. On August 1979, James Dallas Egbert III of Michigan State University left a kind of suicide note which contained misinterpreted messages that lead to investigators' beliefs of him telling them that D&D was what forces him to do so. Big deal. But what was more disturbing is the suicide of Irving "Bink" Pulling, June 1982. His mother, Patricia, started BADD (Bothered About Dungeons and Dragons) and actively tried to incorporate D&D with crimes and suicides, even though courts dismissed her groups' claims. This is REAL bias. The most difficult part was, even though there are a great number of D&D players and makers that can attest that the game is, well, let's just call it "God-friendly" for laughs, the market of RPGs took a toll, and shops started pulling them out in reaction to wuss mothers who were so short sighted. Okay, that was a biased info. Anyway, that's what happened in America, and that's probably why the Philippines doesn't get that many players of D&D or RPGs for that matter. At least, not those fantasy table-top types. The best info here are from http://ptgptb.org/0004/hist4.html so check it out!

 urlLink This is interesting but rather biased.

 What do you mean, "All set"? Are you going crazyrat again, or did I miss something. Hey, I find the Slayers of Goodness fun. Yeah, sure it doesn't make a lot of sense, but it works that way. It is good literary practice btw. Debb should be there. And yes, I'll make a hidden link of that database a soon as I can collect enough.

 Well then, all's set! Now for the website thingy Mr. Faustus, I'll leave that to ya'. *ehem.

 Does this urlLink Pay Links actually work?

 I was going to post yesterday but then I forgot. Ha ha! Anyway, my number is +639183875529. If you hear a 5-year old talkin on the other line, that's me. That's my mobile number. Our landline is (6354)4753054. I doubt you'll be able to reach me there, though. I'm either asleep, out, or doing something else, especially with school starting next week. *sigh* I don't wanna go to school yet! If you forget, search for Midnight Delusions in yahoo and you'll get to my site wherein you can find my profile with my number. Yes, it's stupid to do such a thing as post my number in my website as well as my address but I'm not rich and famous yet so I'm sure nothing bad will happen. At least I hope so. Hope springs eternal, right? Pablo is busy with getting a new computer, printer/scanner/copier/whatever and his own laptop. Busy busy busy that guy is. I'm in complete envy about the laptop but heck, he'll probably get it infected within a week. Heh heh! Bad me.

 Uuuy, bobosesan si Rox. Ang telepono ni Bruce Almighty: 63-2-9320337. O, kyut, di ba? Excuse me. Pabs doesn't speak tagalog. Sorry, pabs. We're talking about calling a friend of ours. He's not here. Well, if you'll come to our country, I'll let you meet him. Hehehe. Honga no. Debb, does ye have a good database of telephone numeros? Could you make a website out of our telephone numbers? Just for references. Thanks. I have a few at home. Let's just keep it a private library of ours.

 Teka lang. Pakilista naman ng mga telephone number nyo uli nang matawagan ko uli kayo. Nabura yung listahan ko dahil nasira ang sim ko sa cell. Miss ko na kayo 'tol! Rox, ibigay mo na rin number mo at kailan ka pwedeng matawagan para at least naman mabosesan kita diba? Si Pablo nagtatagalog ba?

 Wow. thank you for promoting that group (even if I didn't started it, and I didn't know who those people are). She's starting the role-play there na daw. Debb. Tawagan mo daw si Jason. Magusap daw kayo.

 urlLink alt="Click here to join slayersofgoodness"> Click to join slayersofgoodness

 Well... Jer suggested a new game involving aliens. The rules concerning it are on urlLink his blog . We're contemplating on how to format the new template. Is the grade subject dropped or not? It's your turns to ask the questions, you guys!

 Okay... the perfectly legal and lawful colorum Fixer!&nbsp; This is what life is all about.&nbsp; Getting things done for more cash and less time.&nbsp; Although not completely patronized by the TRUE makers, it saves a whole lot of shit.&nbsp; I can't believe you are going to get that friggin' car through the highway.&nbsp; Not that I'm trying to say your a bad driver.... well... okay.&nbsp; Maybe I think you are.&nbsp; A little.&nbsp; Okay, maybe not so little.&nbsp; My point being is, I hope you have evaluated the risks you are willing to take in life.&nbsp; Me?&nbsp; I could always risk a good car ride with a friend.&nbsp; Why aren't you at home, anyway?&nbsp; Sherwin said you've met with him earlier.&nbsp; Damn!&nbsp; I wish I could've gone nitro with that car of urs. Hey, the more I grow old, the better I realize that I live longer than I have expected.

 so, how's school goin, sis? speakin of school, i didnt go to school today cause i worked my non-pro license with a little help from a fixer. got the receipt, though. hail to you, champion.

 Sorry! Sorry! Sorry! My computer was down and after the last post, I wasn't able to post anymore. And that sucks! Wow! They added an editor. What the? Have I been gone so long? Anyhow and anyway, Happy 20th, bro. Susunod ka na, Jere! Hala! Tumatanda na talaga tayo. Baka next year na ako maka-post ulit. Keep up the site, mes amis. Tama ba iyon?

 What beer?&nbsp; I was drunk at that time to notice anything... cept the gurlss............

 Thank You! Thank You! Sorry you missed out the barrels of beer, the all-night partying, the lap-dancing girls...

 Happy Birthday Mando!

 Oh shit, I forgot.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MANDO!!! He is now seven years old. Nah, he's 20 and dying. Just kidding.

 Quote: "Sure. As long as there is no ethical conflicts that would create a threat to independence. Although I think I'd be a better computer technician than auditor." Independence? Ethical conflict? What were you expecting, you are gonna work for Al Capone? Hehe. Mando is an honest man. And he's too kind. Too kind, in fact, that if someone tells him that "dirty money" is more practical in this time and age, he would accept investments on it! Nah, Aside from his kindness, he carries these moral values that I really don't understand. Actually I don't understand most moral values, especially traditional ones. Although I am totally disturbed when people think I have no moral values, or my moral values are completely out of control. Hell, what am I, Satan? Spawn? Wolverine? I am not the fictitious anti-hero people think agnostics and athiests are. Actually I want to be out of agnosticism and relive my Christian life. However, when I pray more, the more I lose my faith. And when I start to have faith in "The Guy", there's this daemon at the back of my mind taunting the back the skepticisms I bear. Not that he's really a demon (afterall, daemon and demon are different), but then, would someone deny the inner desire (godlike or pleasure-wise) of someone that is wholly against "His" will a devil within? Whatever. I am out of context. I may also need accountants. I have a lot of accountacy friends and some of them are not actually dependable at some point. I have doubts of their dependability in the work place...... And I hate people who unconditionally hate employment and love MLM, and vice-versa. Wala lang. IT is so like religion. Excuse me.

 Sure. As long as there is no ethical conflicts that would create a threat to independence. Although I think I'd be a better computer technician than auditor.

 can you be my trusted accountant someday? i pay a premium on people who'll make me rich.

 Hmmm... I've worked it all out. After I graduate, I'm going to review in QC for half a year. After I pass, hoping I pass, I'm going to take a one-year course as a computer technician. Trip ko rin naman magbutingting ng computer. I know it's not exactly the kind of course that will last a lifetime but I'll take it anyway. I'll add in a few programming courses. Afterwards, I'm going to get my masteral and doctorate degree. Maybe get a minor in psychology just so I can finally understand what exactly is behind what I do at times. Ayun!

 and also...take into consideration your "desire" for your chosen academic program.

 Am I stubborn this week?

 Depends on how better your life is to you. Did you see some improvement? Do you think that as you do better, you will practically be good afterwards, or is it just since your expectation was waaay below under? You could always shift CS because the option will stick around there. Whether you would, is a question only you can answer. Just take in consideration the number of options you'll find when you stay or shift, not how much you gain or lose.

 Ha ha! *sarcasm evident* Not! Do you think it's ok if I shift to a CS course on my last year of BS-Accountancy when it looks as if I'm actually doing better than expected in this course?

 What exactly does chmod mean?

 It's a school thing. They didn't even say anything about us getting paid. Isn't that, like, unfair! I need money! Ok, I'm being a tad materialistic but still... Picture the new uniform of UNC. White blouse. Light grey skirt. Blood red tie. Everytime we see the uniform, we cringe at the sight. Actually, it's a joke in the university that UNC doesn't have a uniform. It's got a multi-form. We have the old one with the grey tie. The new one with the red-checkered skirt and pants. *We look like we're wearing table cloths, in that one* And the new and improved red tie with grey pants or skirt. They keep changing the design to keep up with the times except they don't come close. Bleh! Yep! I've been busy. I don't really understand it but there are days when I just find myself shoulder-deep in assignments. How unfair is it when two different teachers give you reports for the same day? The day when you have a long assignment for another class. While you have to study pages of Law and Tax. Ok, I'm complaining. Not good of me. Basta! I'm swamped. Feeling the need to study. Nagi-guilty kasi ako sa chika ng kaklase ko. May sinabi kasi ang Dean. Di ko na isulat rito at baka kung may makabasa pa. Masobrang obvious na chismosa ako.

 Well, can I help it if I like serenading you people? BTW, here's another, if you don't mind. From HEART, These Dreams: Spare a little candle Save some light for me figures up ahead Moving in the trees White skin in linen Perfume on my wrist And the full moon that hangs over these dreams in the mist Darkness on the edge Shadows where I stand I search for the time On a watch with no hands I want to see you clearly Come closer than this But all I remember Are the dreams in the mist These dreams go on when I close my eyes Every second of the night I live another life These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away Is it cloak 'n dagger Could it be spring or fall I walk without a cut Through a stained glass wall Weaker in my eyesight The candle in my grip And words that have no form Are falling from my lips These dreams go on when I close my eyes Every second of the night I live another life These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away There's something out there I can't resist I need to hide away from the pain There's something out there I can't resist The sweetest song is silence That I've ever heard Funny how your feet In dreams never touch the earth In a wood full of princes Freedom is a kiss But the prince hides his face From dreams in the mist These dreams go on when I close my eyes Every second of the night I live another life These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away These dreams go on when I close my eyes Every second of the night I live another life These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away Thank you, thank you! I love you all.

 waaahhh!!! walang ma-post si jere!ahehehehe! oo na cge na.punta na ko sa groups. rox, model ka na?wow! busy ka ata ngayon ah.

 VOX Sarah Mclachlan In the desert of my dreams I saw you there And I'm walking towards the water steaming body cold and bare But your words cut loose the fire and you left my soul to bleed And the pain that's in your truth's decieving me, has got me scared Oh Why? Through your eyes the strains of battle like a brooding storm You're up and down these pristine velvet walls like focus never forms My walls are getting wider and my eyes are drawn astray I see you now a vague deception of a dying day Oh Why? I fall into the water and once more I turn to you And the crowds were standing, staring, faceless, cutting off my view to you They start to limply flail their bodies in a twisted mime And I'm lost inside this tangled web in which I've lain entwined You're gone and I'm lost inside this tangled web in which I've lain entwined Oh Why?

 Define "Radio".

 Sorry guyz, my comp's DSL connection has gone haywire that's why I am not as active as before. Kaya nga naging RADIO na lang ang computer ko eh, hehehe. Eniweys, I'll get this thing fixed. Kumusta na lang sa inyong lahat! I'll be back from time to time.

 Ok, what's the topic? Where're the others?

 C'mon! No posts? I was just kidding.... okay, maybe I was slightly serious and sarcastic... Hehe. Please post?

