 Beautiful Place Over at urlLink Pitchfork , Warp (reasonable people, by all accounts) give urlLink Boards of Canada's debut album a worldwide release, while the Japanese get post-punk with urlLink Gaji . urlLink Drowned in Sound , meanwhile, review 4AD's forthcoming Pixies' Greatest Hits, which is funny as I distinctly remember buying one of those in Sister Ray on Berwick Street a few years ago. urlLink Uppers has a nice piece on The Action and an article on the urlLink Mods-vs-Rockers dust-ups of 1964 . urlLink Nu-metallers versus urlLink Chavs just doesn't have the same ring to it really. Then again, they didn't have urlLink dogging in those days...

 Forever Horizontal The urlLink ICA held a showing of the urlLink Pavement documentary, The Slow Century last night, so attendance was in order. To be honest, my initial attraction was to the billing of urlLink Heavy Metal Parking Lot as the warm-up feature, as it's not available on DVD yet and I've only ever heard about it, not seen it. So you can imagine my displeasure when in fact the presented feature was actually Harry Potter Parking Lot , an ironic take on the franchise based around a JK Rowling appearance at a Politics and Prose store in the US. A few years back, 3AM 's urlLink Bertie Marshall discussed on this very blog the demise of the ICA cinema (when they attempted to show a urlLink Baader Meinhof documentary and failed, offering no refunds) and I felt similarly cheated by their jipping me. Were it not for the fact that the actual feature was an amazingly well-assembled piece of film on one of the 90s most key and influential (yet often overlooked) bands, I would have stormed out of there, demanding the head of the cretinous soul who lied on the literature about what films were on. It's on again on 30/4 and 6/5 so if you're able to, I'd well advise watching it. Just don't believe them about Heavy Metal Parking Lot . Meanwhile... a urlLink shoegazing weblog has been launched. Will wonders ever cease?

 The Anti-Blog? Following on from urlLink Belle de Jour and urlLink Call Centre Confidential , the latest reality blog is that of an inmate in Wormwood Scrubs, the Alcatraz on the Thames, which goes by the name of urlLink Clearly Calm (how does he get PC access in his cell?). I'm not sure who's left to blog now, hookers, cons, call centre drones, the PM... (hat-tip: urlLink Casino Avenue ).

 Love Me Don't urlLink Scousers said to be unhappy at urlLink literary attack on Beatles . Paul McCartney's bank balance thought to be unhurt. urlLink Iain Sinclair prominently profiled in The Guardian (and urlLink in a few urlLink other places urlLink elsewhere ) this weekend: "I appeared in one of his books sitting on top of a car in a vast Viking beard streaming in the wind as we drove around the M25," Moorcock recalls. "In fact, that incident's taken from my old Hawkwind days when I wasn't quite in my right mind if you know what I mean. It wasn't the M25, it was a B-road in Windsor. Iain produces myths: it's never to be taken straight. "I reply by putting him in my books. I have this Home Office pathologist called Taffy Sinclair in my metatemporal detective novels. It's all a bit incestuous I suppose, and Iain does get taken to task for that in reviews sometimes." urlLink Douglas Coupland , author and urlLink actor ? urlLink Saving rainforests in 'not old hat' shock! Monica Ali urlLink 'snubbed' ? Oh, the injustice of it all! urlLink Von Bondies in The Times . urlLink End of the road for The Face (hat-tip urlLink No Rock & Roll Fun ). urlLink Creative London agency unveiled. Starving artists and writers jubilate wildly in the streets. urlLink Smoke 's Jude Rogers featured in Guardian's urlLink 'My Media' section today.

 Porn again Christians Ben Myers, author of The Book of Fuck (Wrecking Ball Press, 2004), also has a record label -- urlLink Captains of Industry . Through the tried and tested technique of bribing me with alcohol and CDs, he gets a mention on here. If abrasive noise isn't to your taste, you could always take the urlLink 'Which Bob Dylan Song Are You?' quiz...

 "Cool-as-hell" As we're discussing (in passing) the urlLink Underground Literary Alliance , it would only seem fair to mention their entrance into the world of litblogging, which is urlLink here and will feature on Joe Bloggs' blogroll in addition. urlLink One entry describes me as "sympathetic and genuinely interested in the ULA without at all being snide" . Aw, shucks. Anyhow, in addition to urlLink our interview with the ULA, Peter Wild of 3AM and Bookmunch fame has his own urlLink here .

 The idiocy of contemporary writing Following on from the urlLink Luther Blissett -penned Ten Point Guide To Being A Cult Artist , urlLink Charles Thomson of the urlLink Stuckists informs me of his and urlLink Billy Childish 's remodernist take on self-designated cult literature, urlLink The Cappuccino Writer : 1. There is popular writing known as the blockbuster or airport novel but this is considered trash by the critics. Then there is the writing by pseudo-intellectuals which is very popular with the critics but considered even worse trash by us. 2. Contemporary writing is cowardly and unchallenging because squalor is tedious not remarkable. If you find yourself in a rubbish bin the only interesting narrative is how to climb out, not how ill you can make yourself by ingesting it. 3. The main problem with contemporary writing is that writing, like the other arts, can only ever be a reflection of an aspect of the creators character. 4. Salmon Rushdie is the epitome of contemporary turgidity and defies anyone of sensibility to read more than one paragraph, wherever that paragraph may happen to be. His writing achieves all the characteristics that defeat anything worth saying, a position guaranteed in todays self preening philistinism to win all the prizes. His style is artificial and insulting to even avarage intilligence, the story lines are a random assemblage and the language false. We advise people not to read him. 5. We don't like the 'Cappuccino Writers' either, e.g. Will Self and Martin Amis, (so named becouse of their penchant for cappuccino as opposed to tea or coffee). Also we are bored by Ian Banks, Irving Welsh and Ian McEwan. 6. The common characteristic of the Cappuccino Writer is his puffed-up preening self regard. His writing is artificial and painfully over-aware of itself. 7. The Cappuccino Writer is not an outsider. It is pitiful to see affluent and feted mainstream writers posturing as underground martyrs. 8. The ultimate accolade for nausea is Nausea by Jean Paul Sartre, who is an intellectual toss pot. (Existentialism was tedious in the first place, even when it had the benefit of novelty). 9. It is a characteristic of the Cappuccino Writer to describe intimacy in the style of a twelve year old public schoolboy's fetid and gauche imagination. 10. The mention of buggery does not make the Cappuccino Writer dangerous or a pop star. Authors should be cautioned that most women in real life situations do not automatically insist on anal sex. 11. The writer can only write what he knows about him/her self. To develop as a writer you must develop as a person. 12. Writers who stive to maintain a fashionable stance will always be marred by all the limitations and stiltedness which that fashion is formed from. This applies equally to underground or cult fashion as it does to the middle of the road variety. True writing is the tearing asunder of such restraints, not the pandering to them that we see in England's pathetic drug-culture pretenders. 13. In any period that the writer lives he/she has to say the wrong thing to get it right. 14. Writers that have to be interviewed by Melvin Bragg to be recognised as writers aren't writers. 15. The Cappuccino Writer is distressed because he doesn't have the media status of his Brit Art equivalent. (This is one mercy to be thankful for). He pretends to be a bit dangerous and a bit risky but the biggest danger the Cappuccino Writer runs is not being invited to the right parties. 16. One of the worst things a writer can do is conceive of themselves as a writer whilst writing. The best writing is written by human beings. Besides what kind of an idiot would want to be anything other than a human being? (This is especially true of poetry and poets). 17. In visual arts any new idea (fashion) is presumed to be original and thereby render all previous forms as defunct and old fashioned. In post modern writing the concrete poem and Finnegans Wake are not presumed to make all other forms of writing redundant so, thankfully the writer is forced to at least attempt to communicate in a semi- recognisable language. 18. The probable reason that writers have to communicate in a more accessible manner is because, unlike the visual artist who only needs to pander to a self deceiving elite, the writer is reliant on the general public to buy his or her work. This is one of the most convincing proofs of democracy in action ever encountered. 19. The main advantage of contemporary literature over current established visual art is that it attracts less media attention and is therefore easier to ignore. 20. Revelling in zipless sex, shopping, drug taking and cool, nihilistic posturing is an easy evasion of self and real emotion. Life and depth start where these stop. What we need is the challenge of being human, to put it mildly. 21. It is a matter of debate whether Dazed and Confused readers or Time Out readers are the most fashion-conscious, cool-conscious and therefore unconscious. Attention to the ephemeral demands of society is in inverse proportion to knowing anything worth knowing. 22. What makes great writing great? The first stage of meaning is known as understandability and the willingness of the writer to feel that the reader is not utterly beneath their contempt. The second stage of meaning is actually writing something that is worth understanding. Something is not worth understanding in writing if its not worth understanding in life. This is what makes great writing great. 23. Great writing appears to change the world but in fact what it does is to reveal more of what the world truly is. 24. The relationship between objectivity and subjectivity. It is the subjective path that the reader connects with as their own. By subjective we mean the honest uninhibited experience of one's true feelings, motivations, desires and fears. This is not something that can be faked. Any attempt to adopt a predetermined persona is an evasion of the heart. Anything without a heart, by definition is dead. 25. Objectivity is only necessary for the writer to view himself in his subjectivity and prevent a decline into ego-mania and ultimately a lonely and penniless death in Hastings. 26. The writer must be bold and compassionate. He must have belief, or at least try to understand his lack of it. It is the writer's duty to consider the reader. A bit of consideration is good. 27. The writer who strives and sticks with his work inevitably comes up against his/her own limitations time and time again. This is the point where the writer cannot find solutions in writing alone, writing is there to serve life, life is greater and more demanding than writing can ever be. Summary On inspection there would appear to be fewer problems with contemporary writing than with contemporary visual arts, but both have the problem of being spiritually bankrupt. (Except poetry, which on the whole has the problem of being utterly tedious). Despite the benefit of centuries of literature the Modern writer still manages to sound less developed, less contemporary and less vital than his dead predecessors. He tries to sound big and brave when in truth he is scared of his own farts. Post Modernism's reflex recourse to a stance of invulnerability tourniquets emotion. If you don't experience life more keenly after reading a piece of writing then that writing is a lamentable failure. If you feel your soul is depleted after reading a piece of writing then you can expect to see that writer on the South Bank Show. Sometimes a savage truth in the writing leads the reader to feel numbed horror, this is the revealing of iron in the soul from the burning off of the encrustation of complacency. This is good writing. This does not appear on the South Bank Show. I think the urlLink Underground Literary Alliance would concur.

 No talent required Jimmy Cauty and Bill Drummond's urlLink The Manual is now rightly viewed as a seminal and much-adhered to template on how to have a number one the easy way. The following is a section (written in 1996) from the Stewart Home-edited anthology urlLink Mind Invaders (Serpent's Tail, 1997). While there's an air of Malcolm McLaren monologue about it, eight years on it was disturbingly prescient and author(s) Luther Blissett later achieved urlLink infamy in their own right ... TEN POINT GUIDE TO BEING A CULT ARTIST Contemporary art knows it's the new rock and roll. Successful young British artists like Damien Hirst crop up everywhere - from society gossip columns to the feature pages of Hello! magazine. So if you fancy attending upmarket social gatherings and being driven around in a limo, then why not try your hand at cultural terrorism? Becoming a nouveau is easy. It certainly doesn't require any talent. Here's how to do it. 1. RECOGNITION: It's your image that sells the product. This is the ultimate form of branding. Gilbert and George are famous as the artists who wear business suits. Create a visual look and stick with it. 2. PLAGIARISM: Originality is for losers. Don't waste time on researching and developing new ideas - let others do this for you. Famous artists are inspired by their less successful peers, the ones who starve in garrets. Necessity might be the mother of invention, but there's no point in going hungry when you could be funding meals in expensive restaurants through acts of cultural theft. Cindy Sherman is famous for making photographic versions of Old Masters. 3. NUDITY: Former stockbroker turned art superstar Jeff Koons married the Italian porn queen Cicciolina and then used her as a model in his work. Everyone is interested in sex, which is why tits and bums are favourite subject matter of great artists. So don't waste your time with 'deep' subjects. Everything seedy is grist to the cult artist's mill. Since they've no experience of street life, rich art patrons are always attracted to decadent, debasing and degenerate subject matter. Select topics that are considered taboo. 4. EGOISM: If you don't believe in yourself, then nobody else will. You must make extravagant claims for your work. Sow confusion, so that even professional critics doubt their ability to correctly judge the value of the things you do. Modern art is like the Emperor who had no clothes, as long as its unfounded claims about giving access to a higher realm of experience remain unchallenged, the rich and gullible will continue to invest money in stuffed sharks and houses filled with concrete. The highly successful Danish painter Asger Jorn once claimed that 'artistic research is identical to human science, which for us means concerned science, not purely historical science'. 5. PUBLICITY: Most successful artists begin their careers by praising their own work under a variety of pen name. While homages of this type rarely make it into the national press, the letters pages of obscure art journals are filled with them. As you become increasingly successful, your sheer financial clout will force critics to pay attention to your work. The glossy catalogue accompanying the recent exhibition Chaos II by Scandinavian artist Jens Jorgan Thorsen was filled with over-the-top praise from art critics. In fact, Thorsen was responsible for all the writing in the catalogue, which included an essay entitled Jens Jorgen Thorsen's Paintings Defy The Laws of Gravity. 6. ADDICTION: Heroin, crack and other hard drugs do nothing to aid the creative process, but the general public likes to believe that the 'genius' has no control over his or her creative outpourings. Therefore, it is necessary to cultivate the image of addiction without actually becoming an addict. All sorts of ruses can be used, from having needle marks tattooed up your arms to pouring gallons of whiskey down the sink and then littering your studio with the empty bottles. 7. INCITE THE YOUNG AGAINST THE OLD: Art lovers are mainly old and rich; if you bad-mouth them in public, they will shower you with money and gifts. Your abusive words feed their delusion that it's possible to buy into the culture of the young and hip. However, do make sure that you know how to hold a knife and fork correctly. You must be on your best behaviour when spending the weekend at the family seat of important patrons. The works of the futurist group are collected by museums precisely because F.T.Marinetti, the leader of the movement, wrote that futurism 'will destroy the museums, libraries, academies of every kind.' 8. DON'T GET YOUR HANDS DIRTY: Andy Warhol, the most successful artist of the post-war period, had a huge entourage of assistants to help ease the tedium of the creative process. So pay someone else to make your work. A successful artist is a middle-class professional, not an artisan. The cult artist is only interested in the bottom line. 9. MARRY MONEY: There are two kinds of capital: financial and cultural. The cult artist wants both. The successful artist exploits the old maxim that fools and their money are easily parted. Selling a work of art is a one-off transaction. If someone wealthy is rash enough to marry you, then you can make them pay through the nose for their folly. The English painter Ralph Rumney was big news in the late fifties. After he married into the art-loving and super-rich Guggenheim family, his painting became something of a hobby. 10. DEATH: Great artists are perceived as being immortal. Nevertheless, if the value of your work suddenly erodes, then death is often the smartest career move. Faking your own suicide then disappearing is relatively painless; doing it for real requires the kind of commitment that exposes your assimilation into the haute-bourgeoisie as having been, at best, partial. It is the cult artist's output, and not the artist, that is supposed to be vulgar. New York artist Jean-Michel Basquiat was a hot property in the mid-eighties; when it all went wrong he topped himself and a retrospective show of all his paintings is currently on at the Serpentine Gallery in Kensington Gore. Perhaps the time is right for a TEN POINT GUIDE TO BEING A CULT AUTHOR ?

 "There's nothing left alive but a pair of glassy eyes..." Minor update at urlLink 3AM Magazine today. Firstly, there's an interview with urlLink Stuart Christie , one of the Angry Brigade trial defendants 30 or so years ago. Then David Thompson (our new Politics Co-Editor) takes a swipe at urlLink Melanie Phillips' skewed logic . Finally, there's another installment of Andrew Gallix's urlLink Buzzwords cultural digest, featuring 3AM 's urlLink Laurence Rmila (on the town in Paris with Vincent Gallo) and New Cross lit poppers Art Brut.

 You're so vain, you probably think this blog is about you urlLink The Bookslut on Toby Young: "Just in case you didn't hate Toby Young enough the first time he released a book, the vile and unsympathetic How to Lose Friends & Alienate People (you can read the Bookslut review here, which begins with, "You can probably tell a lot about a person by knowing at which point during How to Lose Friends and Alienate People he or she started to hate Toby Young."), he's writing another book. While he's writing that book, he's writing a diary for Slate: I've only been in Los Angeles for 10 days, but this theory makes a lot of sense to me. In the same way that other cities have been ravaged by certain drugs, L.A. is in the grip of a fame epidemic. Like cocaine, it used to be the drug of choice for a privileged few, but now it's gone mainstream, often in a very adulterated form. The kind of notoriety that comes from appearing on a reality show, for instance, is the equivalent of crack. In effect, a few unscrupulous pushers have worked out how to cook fame in a microwave, and as a result an entire generation of Americans has been decimated. Yeah, we get it. It's a drug metaphor. Now stop it." I also enjoyed some urlLink email correspondence the Bookslut received recently from a rather unappreciative reader of her blog: Your website bookslut, is the most ridiculous, dehumanizing book site I have ever seen. If you want to use the title bookslut, have a naked man reading, not a women. It is insulting to women and just plain stupid. You should be ashamed of yourself. No self-respecting person would be a part of this. You could have named your group anything, but chose that. You are silly and nasty. Lee So they do humour bypass operations on the NHS these days then? Joe Bloggs' more sensitive readers have fallen silent of late recently, thankfully.

 "I feel your disease..." Simon Hattenstone in today's Guardian on urlLink being a 'financial phobic' : "I am a sick, sick man with a sick, sick condition. I was financially phobic when I was broke, and I am still financially phobic now that I have a decent job. I know there will be readers screaming that if I was on the dole, I would know the value of money etc but I'm afraid you are wrong. Just ask Dr Brendan Burchell of Cambridge University, whose web page confirms that I am one of Britain's nine million sufferers. Financial phobics, he says, experience a range of physical and emotional symptoms. I go down his list and tick off every symptom: no, of course I don't open my statement when it arrives; sure, bills are left at the doorstep; yes, I do feel sick and dizzy when faced with the prospect of managing money. But there's more. I don't have a wallet. I can't have a wallet. I do keep my very few plastic cards - press card, Man City card, work entrance card, Blockbusters card, cashpoint card, M&S card and Halifax card (my partner sent off for the last two, and I don't know how to use them) - in a plastic card holder, but it isn't a wallet. And the transparent plastic has come away from the blue plastic so the holder doesn't even hold properly. I keep my money in my pockets, alongside my tube tickets, receipts, Post-It notes and silver sweet wrappings. Almost invariably, when I'm searching for my tube card, I drop a fiver. Or a tenner. Or more. My children have started following me so they can pick up my droppings. The other day I dropped a wrapped-up wad of three 20s. Alix picked it up and handed it back - I have never seen such contempt on a child's face before." On reading this, I was like, "I'm not the only one!" (well I'd heard other Guardian columnists urlLink proclaim such things before , but they don't count) and sank back into the seat of the London Routemaster bus as I prepared to turn in for another day of wage slavery. It's true though, I never check the balance for my account and just hope for the best at cash machines. My life is one long story of "I'm sorry, that card's been rejected" . I'm not a Communist (anymore) but I'd pay good money to see the Board of Barclays Bank plc liquidated in some kind of Ba'athist-style massacre of anti-Saddam dissidents. Then my sympathy for Hattenstone evaporated like a racist football commentator's broadcasting career: "My partner estimates that I lose about 100 a week. I have to rationalise my losses to justify my existence - "Well," I say, "I don't go out for a curry every night like I used to and I'm smoking much less so I can afford to lose some money." It's pathetic and embarrassing and humiliating." Well, you might say, "At least he has the honesty and candour to own up to this." -- yes, but at what cost? I don't know how many pence per word the Guardian pay their columnists, but I'd wager they could afford to lose 100 running for the bus, as we used to say up North. Us real financial phobics do not have that luxury.

 The English Pop Underground urlLink And why not?

 A catalyst, perpetrator and champion of rebellion and experiment in the arts and society Back in January, urlLink Richard Cabut wrote his own personal obituary to Jeff Nuttall the "catalyst, perpetrator and champion of rebellion and experiment in the arts and society" , who passed away in the New Year ( Guardian obituary urlLink here ). A wake for Jeff Nuttall will be held in St John's Church, Waterloo Road, London SE1 on May 1 between 1 and 3pm.

 Zine Scene A visit to the urlLink ICA bookshop today (Phillip Dodd, if you're reading this, I plug your place constantly -- I deserve a discount I think) and I am few pounds lighter, in the wallet that is. Notable additions to the magazine rack in my toilet at home include the latest urlLink Chap magazine (worth it for their 'Letter from T' North' and 'Chap Towns' spoof) and urlLink The Idler (which is worth it for their 'Ladies of Leisure' feature, which includes an entry from yours truly). I also laid my hands on a copy of the launch issue of urlLink Kulture , a publication as Shoxtonian as some bloke with an ironic mullet under his trucker's cap stood outside Old Street tube station and an ESG album under his arm for effect. Nice Bobby Gillespie interview though, as well as a good Cramps/Suicide/Throbbing Gristle thread throughout.

 Five domain names that haven't been registered, but should be 1. www.mediawanker.com 2. www.hoaryoldcliches.com 3. www.justice4stuartcable.com 4. www.piersmorgan.com ( someone could have great fun with this one... ) 5. www.ligginglegend.com

 Situationists Vacant Good to see former 3AM Co-Editor urlLink Guillaume Destot posting on here the other day, same with urlLink Richard Cabut .

 Architecture and Morality urlLink Some bloke from Hackney has written a new novel, apparently. Soixante Huitards urlLink here and urlLink here . More secondhand bookstores urlLink to close and urlLink production lines to start up. The urlLink US counter-culture , like, man. The urlLink New Medievalism . urlLink Urbanism for beginners . urlLink Top 10 B-sides of all time (so they say). Teesside urlLink makes an unlikely claim to succeed Paris as the capital of romance -- as someone born and educated in the area I can refute the veracity of such claims. urlLink Some bloke from West London... Congratulations to Franz Ferdinand -- from urlLink minor mentions as support act on 3AM to urlLink guest-editing the Guardian 's G2 section in under a year. Still doesn't stop them from having the most annoying rhythm section member since Stuart Cable though. Finally, even Morrissey has succumbed to net marketing techniques for his next album, You Are The Quarry -- with urlLink this microsite . He's looking very 'matinee idol' these days.

 Citations du jour "If it hadn't been for books, we'd have been completely at the mercy of sex." "I thought that being a Communist was a penalty you had to pay for being interested in politics. It was the adolescence of politics, an awkward stage you had to pass through. But when it came to modern art, I was afraid that maybe the others were right, that I'd never be hip or sophisticated, would never belong. I'd never know that smug sense of being of my time, of being contemporary. Perhaps this sounds like a fuss over nothing, but when you're young, everything matters, everything is serious... The life we led depended on modern art. Without that, all we had was a dirty apartment." "Hell hath no fury like a famous poet's wife." - Anatole Broyard, Kafka Was The Rage , 1993

 Have your toast and, well, hang it on the wall When silliness meets genius(?): urlLink Mona Lisa in Toast .

 "With a mic in my hand..." urlLink MC5, today, The Guardian .

 Middle Class Revolt Warm goats' cheese salad in Clapham All Bar One merely tepid? Australian bar staff in Balham Slug and Lettuce unable to distinguish between Lambrusco and Lambrini? Lack of Macy Gray CDs on the Pitcher and Piano's jukebox in Fulham? Well fear not, as readers of the urlLink Bog Standard now have their own dedicated forum to vent spleen on matters reactionary and lifestyle-based -- urlLink London Voice (not sure what urlLink these people will make of that...). In recent times, the sub- Standard has appropriated the crusty road protester ethos for its 'Protest!' feature (ostensibly a platform for Middle Londoners to vent spleen about the Congestion Charge, rather than oppose roads for their own sake) so this is a logical extension of that, though the site of Norris-voting West Londoners attempting to 'reclaim the streets' in Back to the Planet t-shirts would be amusing nonetheless. They could even make a urlLink Marf cartoon of it. "Fascism is coming [to England]; probably a slimy Anglicised form of Fascism, with cultured policemen instead of Nazi gorillas and the lion and the unicorn instead of the swastika" -- George Orwell

 Confessions of a Japa-sen The London Review of Books on urlLink Japanese cutesiedom . urlLink Malcolm McLaren bounces back , again.

 Paradise SE14/SE8 Amidst the pogo-ing, spitting, pissing masses at a recent Art Brut event at the Paradise Club -- where the band warmed the cockles of our south east London hearts with the chant-along 'New X' (if thats what the song is called) -- its clear that the nouvelle vague (or new wave as we say down here) really has washed up on the banks of Deptford/New Cross. But, hey, all this poptastic groovy nowness isnt merely a new thing, as punk historian Neil Gordon-Orr made clear in a pre-band sales pitch for his booklet Deptford Fun City . This lovingly researched, comprehensive tract traces the manors history and music from the peasants revolt to punk rock and beyond. Neil, who takes annual guided walks around the area, and who has flown the SE14 flag on Resonance FM and Radio 5s Robert Elms show, certainly knows his stuff -- check the massive bibliography. Anyone who has any interest in the new New Cross bands would do well to check their antecedents (This Heat, Desperate Bicycles, Test Dept, Band of Holy Joy, ATV, June Brides, et al ) in this smart publication. Contact: gostar@btopenworld.com.

 How to Make An American Quilt -- English version urlLink 'Controversial' YBA makes quilt for schoolchildren as part of gesture to the community, giving a little back and all that. Cash-strapped school urlLink decides to sell said quilt , while it's still possible to capitalise on said YBA's name. urlLink YBA has strop , if anyone's going to make money it's her (said YBA recently derided reviewers who pay their mortgages by rubbishing people). Said YBA refuses to authenticate said quilt, rendering it worthless (how on earth could she deny it's not hers now?). Suitable urlLink media storm whipped up , ensuring said YBA receives more publicity. urlLink Stuckist gets slated in crap newspaper aimed at All Bar One's key demographic. Stuckist writes letter in response: "ANDREW Renton (Artists' licence, 6 April) condemns me as "confused", "illogical", "chip-on-shoulder" and "complaining". Yet at the same time he staunchly defends the "wayward" art of Stella Vine, my ex-wife and Tracey Emin against accusations of churlishness over her patchwork quilt for schoolchildren. Renton says "we have to allow artists to be unreasonable and selfish" and "art is defined by the artist". Are there two sets of standards? One for Saatchi artists - another for Stuckist artists? Charles Thomson, co-founder of the Stuckists, Shoreditch, EC2." The urlLink Stuckist Gallery is London's refuge from benefactor-sponsored consumerist tat, check it out if you're in the area. I've always found it peculiarly ironic that the Saatchi Gallery is sited in County Hall. County Hall was home to the urlLink GLC between 1965 and 1986. In 1979, Charles Saatchi helped mastermind Margaret Thatcher's election victory and a collision course was set with the socialist administration of Ken Livingstone elected to County Hall in 1981. Because of Britain's unwritten constitution, Thatcher was at liberty to abolish the GLC, simply because she didn't approve of its popularity with Londoners and its politically-unfashionable interventionist policies. Following abolition, the County Hall was sold off for a song and dismembered by hotels, aquariums and art galleries -- the latter being owned by a certain Charles Saatchi, mastermind of Margaret Thatcher's election victory in 1979. If it had happened in any other country people would claim it was corrupt. So it's even more richly ironic that Tracey Emin is happy to boost the election coffers of Ken Livingstone (now esconced downriver in a Norman Foster-designed City Hall) using money obtained from commissions by... a certain Charles Saatchi. Swings and roundabouts, I guess, though digs at Ms Emin are never likely to go down well with the Shoxtonian tendency.

 Sites which sound Japanese but aren't 1. urlLink Moshi Moshi Records 2. urlLink Tigersushi.com 3. urlLink Shinkansen Recordings

 Some bookshops I wish hadn't closed down A part of me died when they did... 1. Compendium Books, Camden High Street, London -- I could lose myself for hours in there. Once staffed by the mighty Elizabeth Young and something of a refuge from postcard punks and provincial types looking for the Good Mixer. 2. For Books, Cowcross Street, London -- a good source of secondhand fiction and political science textbooks at knockdown prices when I was a student. Staffed by the most philosophical Irishman I've ever met and always a source of good conversation about the proponderence of bastards in the world. 3. Cleveland Comics Centre, Prince Regent Street, Stockton-on-Tees -- introduced me to Deadline Magazine and all other manner of study avoidance in the early 90s. There are some others, I'm sure. Easter weekend was rather hectic, with limited net access and all manner of drunken extended birthday pursuits on Sunday night in Shoreditch (I was not impressed with the staff of the Bricklayers' Arms donning Playboy costumes in the name of 'Easter' -- you can take irony too far you know). I resurface today and find one of my urlLink former lecturers has died and has the obligatory obituary in The Guardian .

 Maybe I ought to start charging... urlLink A perplexing email lands on the 3AM doormat (you'll have to imagine that metaphorically) this weekend from the urlLink London News Review stable. You may remember urlLink a few weeks ago I discussed this Brick Lane-centered publication and advised its linchpin and propagandiser-in-chief Paul Carr to stick to his Internet publishing career. Some minor umbrage was taken at my criticisms of the London News Review (later cleared up) and the course was set. A few weeks later... it turns out that Paul will be concentrating purely on his considerable portfolio of net publishing interests and leaving the London News Review . So what has brought this on, you may or may not ask? Well... "The London News Review is at a critically important phase of its development - a phase where external investment is being introduced in order to guarantee the paper's future in print. And to provide the company with new and larger fridges. Inevitably, one of the conditions of this investment involves ceding a certain amount of control over the editorial content of the paper to outside forces. From a commercial point of view, this makes perfect sense. But from an editor's point of view, it's not something Paul feels entirely comfortable with." "[C]eding a certain amount of control over the editorial content of the paper to outside forces" ? Blimey, not surprised he's off, laptop and ADSL cables trailing behind him. I know I'd be. Our Publisher forced us to accept Google ads on the site, just to pay for a revamp (which is sat on some bod in Seattle's Apple Mac at the moment, but I've seen it and it looks fab, honest), so I need talk. But I did draw the line at AdultFriendFinder.com. Here's to the Internet, anyhow. Though even that has its fair share of urlLink detrius and roadkill... Speaking of which, another member of the Stevens clan to go online is my cousin, urlLink Geoff . Geoff's urlLink an actor in Hollywood , of all places, and has taken to advertising his repertoire on the net for any budding Senor Spielbergos who fancy casting 'some English guy' in one of their films (sorry, 'movies'). I like the way he gets in the first line of his biog that we went to the same secondary school as Jamie Bell of Billy Elliot fame (well obviously he didn't mention me, but that's not the point). Actually, there's only three males of our generation in the female-centric Stevens family and his brother (who also went to Northfield School) is a model in Brazil. I'm under no pressure, obviously... And another site that merits a mention via the tried and tested technique of pouring flattery on 3AM is the urlLink Lost in Hype blog, which I assume hails from Manchester. 3AM Co-Editor HP Tinker was getting all lonely up there on his own but soon there'll be another two Co-Editors from the Liverpool/Manchester megalopolis joining him. For something with a supposidly global remit, 3AM is definitely acquiring a curiously English flavour, a curiously Northern English flavour. A good job we're adding another London-based Co-Editor then, just for balance of course.

 The return of indie pin-up girls urlLink No Roll & Roll Fun reports that Curve ( "who were the exact point on the scale where 'shoegaze' became 'goth'" ) are to release a retrospective collection of their earlier (and, frankly, better) material. Now where's that Tanya Donnelly? Harriet Wheeler?

 Literary awards ceremony in 'dumbed down' shock Evidence of the literary world's slide into a deepening commercial abyss was in manifest evidence at the urlLink British Books Awards recently. As urlLink Jordan stepped up to the podium, prompted by hosts Richard and Judy with mentions of her own forthcoming magnum opus, and merely announced DBC Pierre's name to rapturous applause (he was only nominated), I could watch no more (I don't care if she has huge tits). As you can imagine, Mark Haddon, Lynn Truss and urlLink Alexander McCall Smith walked away very content, with Monica Ali also receiving a gong or two. I wonder if the other 3am Magazine [sic.] was there? Probably, or at least in spirit anyhow.

 Hazlitt Society AGM due urlLink Tom Paulin on William Hazlitt , for a change. So when's this Hazlitt Society, promised many times on the pages of the Guardian 's Review section, coming about then?

 Helen Walsh Helen Walsh's debut Brass has just been published by urlLink Canongate to great acclaim, with urlLink rave write-ups all over the shop. Once again, urlLink 3AM took a few moments to grill her on Scousers, literary influences and transgenderism: 3AM: What compelled you to write your novel? How would you categorise your writing style? HW: I've always been besotted with the cathedral area of Liverpool. With its cobbled streets and delicious and diverse melt of people it has to be the most bohemian red light sprawl in Europe. I used to cycle into Uni, and on my way home, I'd pass through its meandering cobbled streets, to watch the girls ply their trade outside the Georgian houses of dons and barristers. As a teenager, I found that an incredibly romantic sight. The character Millie was more a product of my time in Barcelona. Again the red light district there is very glamorous, but it is also very fluid. There is something for everyone regardless of your gender or sexuality. Perfect for someone like Millie. Jamie was more a product of my time spent with young Liverpool men. I trained at a boys' boxing gym in South Liverpool and that's where I picked up the nuances of the South Liverpool accent. Like many working class young men in South Liverpool, Jamie is decent, honest, hardworking but seems to be supressed by the strong moral codes he espouses. 3AM: How do you feel about the positive reaction Brass has received? Do you worry it'll make your more complacent about future books or that you have expectations to live up to? HW: When I wrote Brass , I wrote a book, quite selfishly for me -- I wrote something that I would want to read. It's brilliant then, that it's had such a positive reaction. Expectations are always high for a writer's second novel, but I'm not stressed. You have to shut yourself off from the outside world, and I guess, just write what's in your heart. 3AM: Much of the publicity you've received homes in on aspects of your background -- does this annoy you? To that extent, how did these factors influence what you write about? HW: No, not at all. I made a decision before Brass was released not to shy away from questions about my background because I wanted to defend my characters. I wanted to authenticate them. I wanted people to believe that Millie's sexuality is a very real product of modern city life. 3AM: What about locality, how important is that to you? HW: Very much so. Brass could not have been written in any other city but Liverpool. It is a Liverpool novel. 3AM: You've lived on the continent, as well as England. Do you view yourself as belonging to Europe, England, Liverpool or in a more international sense? HW: I'm always getting teased by fellow Scousers for not being the real thing. I was born in Warrington which makes me a 'Wool!' I have huge amounts of affection for Liverpool, and I can't see myself living anywhere else in the UK. My family live in Warrington though and I love going back there. 3AM: What other contemporary writers do you rate at the moment? What about influences? HW: Laura Hird, Louise Welsh, Maggie Estep... which is weird cos all my influences as an adolescent were very male -- Bukowski, Dostoyevksi, Steinbeck, Fante and more recently, Irvine Welsh, Niall Griffiths and Kevin Sampson. 3AM: If your writing addresses issues of sexuality, how do you avoid any negative portrayal? HW: I don't. I've always been very open and honest about sex and sexuality. I've grown up in an environment where homosexuality, transgenderism and other sexual minorities have had as much authority as heterosexuality.

 Eurotrashed Two small press publications with websites that have come to my attention of late. urlLink Chica is a wonderfully cute, pink and fluffy punkette zine, whereas urlLink Joyzine is more concerned the trashier side of the New Cross scene.

 Freud and deception urlLink Bill Drummond on 'liar' Stewart Home and urlLink Robert Hughes on Lucian Freud in today's Guardian .

 Indie Obscura Day 3 Joe Bloggs is sad to regret the demise of Indie Obscura Day, which is something best left for down-the-pub discussions with ICA staff (like last Friday night). That said, the drummer out of Mint 400 (a possible candidate themselves) agreed with me that a site devoted to such discussions is necessary. This week's (final) 'victim' is Brighton band Jesus Couldn't Drum, who get an inclusion by merit of name alone. Take it away lads... allmusic.com entry: There isn't one. Shame on them! Little-known factoid: One of them did some 'programming work' for the Stone Roses. Where now?: tropicola@hotmail.com

 3AM: an apology One or two recipients of 3AM 's monthly mail-out (sign up at urlLink www.3ammagazine.com , if you already haven't) have written in to express alarm at the fact that when I put said mail-out together (alongside eight-million other different things) I managed to confuse a few "its" and "it's". I don't know if said correspondents have taken Lynn Truss' (or should that be "Truss's") Eats, Shoots and Leaves a bit too literally, but on behalf of all the team at 3AM , I apologise whole-heartedly and sincerely. Clearly this is a mistake of a Beverley Hughes-esque magnitude and corrective action will be taken henceforth. Despite being paid to write stuff for a living, somewhere along the line I became an absolute imbecile, it seems. For those of you who didn't receive a copy in your in-box, on top of the round-up of recent 3AM articles and mention of our Good Sex Prize, there was also a call for people who might be interested in assisting on the 3AM global team by way of working on non-fiction pieces for us and subbing interviews. Highly unpaid but also highly rewarding. Shoot an email to the usual address if you're interested.

 Aniruddha Bahal Recently urlLink Aniruddha Bahal (investigative journalist, author of the excellent Bunker 13 and winner of last year's Literary Review 'Bad Sex Prize') took some time out to speak to urlLink 3AM : 3AM: How did it feel to receive the Literary Review 's Bad Sex Prize? AB: It was an enjoyable evening and I think much less of a stigma than is imagined by some people. It's quite funny and I had a good time. 3AM: Did it improve sales of the book? AB: A little bit but nothing dramatic. It's good profiling for the author though and many people come to know about your work. 3AM: Do you feel such an award should exist? AB: There's no harm in it. As it is books and anything related to books doesn't really get the space in mainstream media that it should get hence this creation of novelties to try and interest the media. 3AM: Do you feel contemporary Indian fiction shuns or avoids discussion of sex? AB: I shouldn't think so. Though socially there is a moral position on sex as it is in many societies. In India it is a rather less freer position than what it was in ancient Hindu society. 3AM: How do you view the role of sex in contemporary Indian society in general? AB: It's not as healthy as it could be. But much goes on behind closed doors. For the males though there is a huge repression problem which manifests itself in crimes like rape, the majority of them going unreported. 3AM: Do you see yourself as a specifically Indian author or as more belonging to the republic of letters in a more general sense? AB: It would be too discomforting to be slotted as an Indian author in the longer run. I guess it is unavoidable though in your first few books. 3AM: Your book approaches both politics and journalism in India with a cynical mindset. Do you agree with this assertion? To what extent are these specifically Indian problems? AB: My background is in journalism and journalists as a rule are much more cynical than others. This has to do with them getting exposed to the seamier side of human nature almost everywhere. There is nothing Indian about it. I think it applies universally. 3AM: How did you develop the character of MM? The first person narration with the emphasis on the reader is very unusual -- how did you develop this? AB: The tone is something which I thought would immerse the reader more in that particular material. Put him or her in a cockpit like situation. And I think it has worked that way. 3AM: What fictional influences do you have? AB: Influences would be a strong word. But I have many favourites. I love the British classics. Then, of course, I love the American writers that came up in the 60s and 70s. The Joseph Hellers, Tom Wolfes, Ken Kaseys etc. I think there is much more energy and direction with American writing these days. 3AM: You're a journalist -- what journalists (past and present) do you rate? AB: Any journalist who has had the courage to take on a system or peoples and has suffered for bringing out the truth but has done it regardless. 3AM: You edit a website -- how do you view the internet's role as part of the media? Hype or the only show in town? AB: The internet is here to stay. Most of us so-called literate browse the net one or two hours a day on an average. It has taught mainstream media to be more supple and brought in the concept of a continuous deadline. 3AM: What do you plan next to bring about some controversy for yourself? AB: Well, I am working on some things. Both fiction as well as non-fiction. I don't as a rule go hunting for controversy. It's not a very relishing experience. Though sometimes it is unavoidable because of the nature of your work.

 Round-up urlLink Tintin at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, while urlLink Bill Brandt is at the V&A. The Rolling Stones' urlLink rock . Friend of 3AM Daren King's Jim Giraffe urlLink reviewed in The Independent . East London's urlLink Razorlight in Losing Today . Fans of Canning Town's municipal chic should read urlLink this review of Nigel Warburton's biography of celebrated architect Erno Goldfinger in the London Review of Books . Where were you when you found out Kurt Cobain had committed suicide? I was in the Middlesbrough Arena when the DJ announced it, I've never seen so many people request 'Bullet in the Head' by Rage Against the Machine ever since. Anyhow, Norman Blake of Teenage Fanclub has urlLink a few words to say on the 10th anniversary, tomorrow. urlLink Tangents discuss the Modern Lovers . urlLink Banksy . urlLink Top 10 Best Ska in The Independent , not sure I agree. Franz Ferdinand urlLink reviewed in Fufkin.com. Fancy urlLink putting an end to Fay Weldon? New gal on the block and Canongate star, urlLink Helen Walsh . The return of urlLink Todd Rundgren . Freaky Tigger discuss urlLink Stelios' EasyCinema . Bookslut asks urlLink where did it go wrong with Zadie Smith? Try White Teeth .

 3AM Good Sex Prize Call it crass, call it shameless opportunism, call it getting even with the literary establishment... off-beat literary magazine urlLink 3AM announces its Inaugural Good Sex Prize in 2004. The accolade, which will be presented to an author nominated by readers of the magazine and judged by other authors, will make its first appearance mid-year at exactly six months before/after the Literary Review 's urlLink now infamous award . 3AM 's editors hope it will not only represent a countervailing force to what has become yet another token literary awards ceremony alongside the Booker et al , but will actually celebrate genuine and forceful writing about sex in literature. We probably can't manage a swanky ceremony with some out-of-context celebrity handing the thing over, but we might stretch to a few bottles of Hoegaarden in some East End art gallery. Readers who wish to nominate an author (whose work must have been published between May 2003 and April 2004) should send their nominations to andrew@3ammagazine.com by May 1st 2004. Alternatively, authors can themselves write in with their own nomination and a tie-breaker along the lines of "I deserve to win the 3AM Good Sex Award because..." (in 25 words or less). No correspondence entered into, the judges' decision is final etc etc.

 In praise of wry footnotes As everybody in the know knows by now, urlLink The Dust Bunnies are gearing up for their urlLink first gig to be held at a secret location in Paris on 12 June . During yesterday's rehearsal, The Bunnies introduced four new songs into their minimalist set: "Howard Devoto's Spectacles" (an instrumental), "Hugging the Wrong Tree" (think early Cure played by a stroppy mod band), "In Praise of Wry Footnotes" (difficult to describe) and "Why Is There Something (When There Could Be Nothing)", a ramalama take on the old theological chestnut which caused sporadic outbreaks of pogoing ("leaps of faith," as I put it, rather wittily, to someone whose name escapes me) among the band's burgeoning following.They wrapped up the evening by covering "Boredom" (The Buzzcocks), "White Riot" (The Clash) and (for the first and probably last time) "Venus" (Television) at a leisurely pace. The whole thing was reminiscent of jackrabbits lolloping in the sun. You get my drift.

 Jenoah urlLink Go visit urlLink Jenoah's webpage and, if you're smart enough, you'll find how to download their debut EP for free (it's not too demanding). Rhythmically very original, among other things, and on the whole a band that really sticks out on urlLink Drive Thru Records , a label otherwise fairly uniform (not intended as a compliment: imagine The Offspring fresh out of high school, well most of their bands sound like that). They should be a great act live, for those of you who are in the New York area (not really my case).

 Paperback Writers urlLink Jonathan Coe's piece on BS Johnson in today's Guardian , lifted from his biography of the literary titan, draws a fair few mentions across the blogosphere. You can read 3AM 's interview with Paul Tickell (who directed a film adaptation of BS Johnson's Christy Malry's Own Double Entry ) urlLink here . Meanwhile, urlLink Return of the Reluctant offers some advice to urlLink Maud Newton following urlLink that New Yorker article . It's as bad as that David Sexton piece in the Evening Standard where he completely ignored literary blogs in his own country. An ability to link is not necessarily connected to an ability to think, but there you go. Be seeing you now.

 "I didn't spend three years in film school for this..." urlLink Rake's Progress links to the urlLink 100 Worst Porn Movie Titles and it almost reads back like that scene in Clerks where Randall is urlLink reciting a list of movies to a distribution company in front of mother and very young child: "Yeah, hello, this is RST Video, customer number 4352, I need to place an order. Okay, I need one each of the following tapes: "Whispers in the Wind", "To Each His Own", "Put It Where It Doesn't Belong", "My Pipes Need Cleaning", "All Tit-Fucking Volume 8", "I Need Your Cock", "Ass-Worshipping Rim-Jobbers", "My Cunt Needs Shafts", "Cum Clean", "Cum-Gargling Naked Sluts", "Cum Buns III", "Cumming in Socks", "Cum On Eileen", "Huge Black Cocks and Pearly White Cum", "Girls Who Crave Cock", "Girls Who Crave Cunt", "Men Alone II: the KY Connection", "Pink Pussy Lips", and, uh, oh yeah, "All Holes Filled with Hard Cock". Uh-huh... yeah... Oh, wait, and, what was that called again?" I think Big Trouble in Little Vagina and Let's Play Stain The Couch deserve a wider audience...

 Psychogeographic Shack, that's where it's at Turn out of New Cross station, down Amersham Vale, past the pet hospital, allotments, police station and Deptford Green secondary school. Turn left onto Edward Street, past the Celestial Church of Christ, past the tube drivers' staff room and under the railway lines. Continue round so you're on Sandford Street with Canary Wharf now in view, past all the England flags hanging off council flat balconies and Vietnamese slogans in windows. Pass BJ's cafe and continue on where it morphs into Trundleys Road, up past all the scrap yards and under the railway arches with fly-tipped sofas underneath them, past all the Millwall banners on houses and cars, past the derelict Rival Envelope Co. Ltd depot and the Old Manor House pub onto Bush Road to navigate the one-way system around Surrey Quays tube station. Pass Tantastic and the Docklands Cafe with their Millwall banners and cross at the pawnbrokers to get onto the Lower Road, where the Swiss Re Tower comes into view, passing Jubilee Sandwiches, La Cigale and the Surrey Docks pub. Then past Surrey Quays tube station up to the pedestrian crossing (replete with half-torn BNP St George stickers) next to The Caulkers pub with its Millwall banners up, past The China Hall pub and the Swedish Seaman's Church. Cross the road and turn onto Surrey Quays Road, past the old Dock Offices and Canada Water tube station and continue round onto Needleham Street, past the printing works for the Daily Mail and Evening Standard , taking care to traverse the plot of wasteland-cum-skatepark and down a path through unkept shrubbery onto the Albion Estate, past all the Millwall banners, before coming onto Brunel Road and past the Adam and Eve pub with its Respect sticker outside, whereupon you enter Rotherhithe tube station and travel through the orange 70s decor, onto the platform and take a train through the Brunel-built tunnel one stop under the River Thames to Wapping tube station, alighting here. Travel up Wapping Lane, past the warehouses-cum-yuppie flats, past the White Swan pub and the unclean water of Tobacco Dock, turning left onto The Highway, then right onto Dellow Street. Then you turn right onto Cable Street, past Shadwell tube station, then right onto Watney Street, past the Old House at Home pub and Shadwell DLR station and onto Watney Market before hitting Commercial Road, turning right there to pass the disused synagogue and turning left up Jubilee Street, site of the anarchist social club in the late 1800s/early 1900s, past a solitary West Ham FC banner. Turn right onto Adelina Street, past the Rinkoff Bakery (the last remaining Jewish bakery in the East End) and onto Sidney Street, site of the seige of Sidney Street by Russian anarchists in 1911, before turning left onto Whitechapel Road, past the infamous Blind Beggar pub of Kray Twins fame. Continue up Whitechapel Road, past the Grave Maurice pub of Morrissey fame, past Urban Bar and the Royal London Hospital, before passing the East London Mosque, Indo bar and the Rhythm Factory club then the Nag's Head strip bar ("10 - girl of your choice"). Pass the Aldgate East tube and the Whitechapel Gallery (maybe checking out Freedom Books the anarchist bookseller down Angel Alley) and up Osborn Street onto the now infamous Brick Lane of Banglatown, up past a plethora of Indian restaurants, before hitting the Old Truman Brewery with Cafe 1001, 93 Feet East and the Vibe Bar. This then brings you to Shoreditch tube station. You have just walked the entire length of the East London Line.

 20 Questions Well, I've exhausted the list of people I wanted to feature on here -- only one refused outright and one never replied -- I don't know if any of the other 3AM bloggers have anyone in mind they'd like to approach. One blogger even suggested to me that bloggers reading could this cut and paste the questions and send in responses to me, completely random and unsolicited. Yeah, I could go with that. In any case, here's urlLink Sarah Weinman 's two-penneth: Why do you blog? So many reasons -- love, obsession, addiction -- but ultimately, I started the blog back in October because I felt that crime fiction wasnt well represented in the 'sphere, and I could do so in a way that would attract those in the genre and those outside of it. As long as I still find things to talk about -- Im amazed I still can, really -- Ill still blog. What are your favourite blogs? Oh god, so many--its a little scary how many I do read and enjoy. The usual lit suspects, of course (between Mark and Moorish Girls interviews, I think theyve all been covered) because they cover literature so passionately, honestly and with such distinctive complementary voices. Ill add five more: urlLink Roger L. Simon because hes a hell of a writer whos trying to come to terms with changing politics in a changing world; the fiendish mind of urlLink Uncle Grambo and his "goofy patois"; the duo of urlLink Maccers and urlLink Eurotrash who never fail to make me laugh out loud in the most unladylike way, and because I can, urlLink Something Old, Nothing New a new retro arts-and-culture that my older brother Jaime has just begun, because I learn something new all the time from it, and he knows more esoterically cool stuff than almost anyone else. What are you reading at the moment? Donald Westlakes second Dortmunder crime novel, Bank Shot , and Norman Greens Shooting Dr Jack. What is the best book you've ever read? Ill never be certain of that so instead Ill offer up the best group of books Ive ever readthe novels of Ross Thomas. Though I havent made it through them all, Ive never been disappointed by his wit, sardonic humor, and impeccably twisty plots. And his astuteness for what really goes on in the underbelly of politics. I suspect hed have had quite a lot of material with what is currently going on... What is your favourite poem? Shel Silversteins 'The Smoke Off', because its just so much fun to read aloud. I did that a few years ago at a group reading in Montreal and people stared at me slack-jawed when I was done. It was great. Who is your favourite musician(s)? A toss-up between Loreena McKennit and the Klezmatics. What is your favourite quote? "Why do you write?" "To keep from dying." -- Janine Boissard, A Time to Choose (English translation of Moi, Pauline! ) How did you vote in the last election? Liberal, because there wasnt anyone else to vote for. Damned if Im going to vote for them this time around. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? Ignorance and a lack of curiosity. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? "Nobody cares." Harsh, but very liberating as well. When do you view it permissible to lie? When telling the truth would cause more damage than lying. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My bootleg copy of Shel Silversteins Fuck Em because only about seven copies exist and I worked too hard to get mine. Define pleasure. Getting completely and utterly lost in a book. Coming home and finding free books waiting for me. Knowing that my advice helped someone achieve their goals and dreams. Define pain. A raging ear infection that persists for a good month and a half, which felled me last fall. Labor has to be less painful than that. What animal would you most like to be? Honestly, being a human is hard enough without thinking of what animal Id like to be. What has been your best blogging experience? The friends Ive made, hopefully for life. The fact that I wouldnt have had almost any of my print freelance gigs without the blog. And any time I find an offbeat little nugget that people will enjoy. What has been your worst blogging experience? When I thought I had pissed off the MWA (Mystery Writers of America) with one of my rants. It got smoothed over, but I worried about it for too long. Who are your heroes (in any field)? Charles Hirsch, the Chief Medical Examiner of New York City, for so many reasons, but mostly because of his stalwart leadership of the OCME during and after 9/11. He doesnt grandstand or court the media, just does his job and does it amazingly well. And if he ever writes his memoirs, Ill be the first in line to read them. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? Bob Newhart. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? A de-stresser machine.

 20 Questions The lady gets name-checked a lot by other bloggers, so who better to have on here than urlLink Maud Newton ? Why do you blog? I started on a lark, on a blogspot blog, while procrastinating on my writing. Over time I focused more on books and moved the blog to its current location. Now it's a compulsion. What are your favourite blogs? Oh, God, how many can I list? I'm a blog junkie. Of the literary blogs, just off the top of my head, everyday reads are urlLink Old Hag , urlLink The Elegant Variation , urlLink Moorish Girl , urlLink Bookninja , urlLink Return of the Reluctant , urlLink Rake's Progress , urlLink Golden Rule Jones , urlLink Kitabkhana , urlLink The Reading Experience , urlLink Beatrice , urlLink The Literary Saloon , urlLink Splinters , urlLink Scribbling Woman , urlLink The Mumpsimus , urlLink Crooked Timber and urlLink Sarah Weinman's site , which concentrates mostly on crime fiction but also includes some unusual publishing links. I'm sure I'm forgetting somebody. Sean Walsh of urlLink The London News Review Books Diary is funny and bright, and I wish he'd update more often. Of the culture blogs with a wider range, my favorites are urlLink About Last Night , urlLink The Fold Drop , urlLink Cup of Chicha and the venerable urlLink TMFTML . urlLink No Rock & Roll Fun is the best music site -- damn, that guy's hilarious -- and I'll also put in a good word for urlLink SFJ , urlLink Stereogum , and urlLink Voltage . urlLink Cinetrix for film. urlLink That Brutal Joint for architecture. My favorite personal site, hands down, is Dana's urlLink Twinkle Twinkle Blah Blah Blah Etc . Also urlLink Dong Resin . And I love urlLink The Antigeist , online and in person. She's an old friend. What are you reading at the moment? I've been going back and forth between a bunch of books, including the new John Barth story collection. Yesterday I was distracted from all of them when McSweeney's Issue 13, the comics issue, arrived in the mail. It's stunning, possibly the most beautiful book I've ever seen -- hardcover, 316 pages, with a foldout, Sunday comics-style cover. Inside are fascinating personal essays from Ira Glass and Chris Ware, along with a historical perspective on the art of comics. And it's packed with selections from some of the most prominent contemporary cartoonists. It's a great introduction for the uninitiated like me, those unfamiliar with comics and graphic novels aside from, say, Ghost World , Peanuts , and Spiegelman's Maus books. What is the best book you've ever read? I'm going to say it's a toss-up between Graham Greene's The End of the Affair and Walker Percy's The Moviegoer. What is your favourite poem? "Neutral Tones," by Thomas Hardy. It's structured around bleak wintry images and contains the lines "Your eyes on me were as eyes that rove/ Over tedious riddles solved years ago" and "The smile on your mouth was the deadest thing/Alive enough to have strength to die." Who is your favourite musician(s)? Elvis Costello was, for the longest time. In college, I hung four E.C. posters over my bed, scrawled his lyrics all over my jeans, walked around quoting his songs. But now he's "just a mere shadow of [his] former selfishness," and that makes me sad. I know it's impossible to stay as angry as he was, or seemed to be, forever. But he's become so self-promoting and obsequious now that it nearly taints his music for me. Then I listen to "The Beat" from This Year's Model or "Beyond Belief" from Imperial Bedroom , or My Aim is True or King of America and I feel understood and melancholy all over again. (That's a good thing.) What is your favourite quote? Today I'll say it's Dorothy Parker's "Resume": "Razors pain you; Rivers are damp; Acids stain you; And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give; Gas smells awful; You might as well live." How did you vote in the last election? For Gore. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? American imperialism. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? Stick with Maker's Mark. When do you view it permissible to lie? I'll lie if someone else needs validation and it's not the kind of lie that will hurt that person in the long run. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My cats (although I've got this J.M. Coetzee impulse that tells me its wrong to characterize them as "possessions"). Letters from my grandmother. My laptop. Define pleasure. What's that? Define pain. Living in a house with 300 caged birds. What animal would you most like to be? A cat, because cats are mysterious and slinky, and I'm not. What has been your best blogging experience? Being part of a community that cares about fiction. What has been your worst blogging experience? Dealing with the bullshit people project onto my blog. Who are your heroes (in any field)? (Cue the sentimental music.) My sister. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? That's hard. Eddie Izzard? Jon Stewart? Carol Burnett? David Cross? One of those. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? Xanax.

 20 Questions Like the proverbial bus, usually a 205 in my case, you wait ages for one blogger to get back to you with their completed 20 Questions and a whole blogroll's worth do at once. Today is Steve from urlLink Splinters the urlLink Spike (not urlLink spiked ) blog's turn: Why do you blog? I have a lot to say and nobody else will listen. What are your favourite blogs? urlLink Wood s lot and urlLink Lenin's Tomb . What are you reading at the moment? Lichtenberg and the Little Flower Girl by Gert Hofmann. By a long way, the best novel to be published in the English-speaking world this year! What is the best book you've ever read? Not a difficult question for me at all: Thomas Bernhard's Extinction What is your favourite poem? Dante's Commedia Who is your favourite musician(s)? Bonnie 'Prince' Billy and Bill Callahan (of Smog) What is your favourite quote? "I quote another man's saying; unluckily that other withdraws himself in the same way, and quotes me." Ralph Waldo Emerson How did you vote in the last election? Socialist Alliance. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? Time. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? Can't think of anything! When do you view it permissible to lie? When no harm will come of it. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? Probably the letters from my late friend Carl, as they're the only things that are irreplaceable. Define pleasure. The beginning of the end of pain. Define pain. Oneness! What animal would you most like to be? A particular horse. What has been your best blogging experience? 'Experience' isn't the word I'd use, but Jessa Crispin of urlLink Bookslut calling Splinters her favourite lit blog. What has been your worst blogging experience? Getting snotty comments from anonymous ignorami. Who are your heroes (in any field)? Thomas Bernhard. Gabriel Josipovici. Maurice Blanchot. The entire Portsmouth football team. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? Monty Python. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? A cure.

 What do you mean you don't like The Dust Bunnies?? Check out the urlLink flyer for The Dust Bunnies ' first gig designed by urlLink Guillaume Destot .

 Eaten, shot and left? We all got it for Christmas, but has anyone ever actually read the urlLink Lynne Truss book? For quick answers to grammar/spelling/style/punctuation questions without all the irritating, self-congratulatory anecdotes, you're better off with urlLink Quite Literally , the new book from charming pedant Wynford Hicks. Quick plug there, of course, but he's one of my favourite authors and a super nice guy.

 20 Questions urlLink Moorish Girl &nbsp;becomes the latest litblogger to answer our&nbsp;20 Questions: Why do you blog? I started the blog as a way to keep track of what I was reading on the Internet. Initially there was quite a mix of politics and book-related banter, but lately it's been mostly about books. What are your favourite blogs? urlLink Maud Newton is probably the best book blog around. urlLink The Elegant Variation is a must-read. urlLink Bookninja always has an unexpected link or article. urlLink Return of the Reluctant offers a very eclectic mix of material. urlLink Literary Saloon is incredibly thorough. And urlLink TMFTML and urlLink Old Hag are a good way to start and end the day. What are you reading at the moment? I just started a novel by an Arab Israeli author named Sayed Kashua, it's called Dancing Arabs. What is the best book you've ever read? That's a tough one to answer. There are so many books to choose from, and my answer would probably be different depending on when you ask. Today, I'm going to pick Lolita. What is your favourite poem? Anything by Pablo Neruda. Who is your favourite musician(s)? Right now I'm listening to a lot of Audioslave. What is your favourite quote? No snowflake in an an avalanche ever feels responsible -- Voltaire. How did you vote in the last election? Not for Bush. And I plan on keeping it that way in the next election. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? The O.C. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? "It doesn't matter, we're all going to die, anyway." My husband said that to me once. It helped. When do you view it permissible to lie? When you're caught. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My laptop. Define pleasure. Finding a good book. Define pain. Being without Wi-Fi. What animal would you most like to be? A bird. What has been your best blogging experience? Getting emails from people. What has been your worst blogging experience? Getting emails from people. Who are your heroes (in any field)? Han Solo. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? At the moment, I'd say Jon Stewart. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? I'm pretty satisfied with the quality of my life as it is.

 Sorry but I'm addicted to this Yes it's Da Vinci's Notebook again, with disturbing urlLink thoughts on love and reincarnation . Moving.

 The Others + The Swear, Paradise Bar, New Cross 25/5/04 A thoroughly enjoyable time was had by all at the Paradise Bar in New Cross last night, the epicentre of the SE14 art rock scene according to the NME recently. Invited, nay instructed, by its formidable promoter Caffy St Luce, 3AM ventured south of the river to see locals urlLink The Swear and hotly-tipped Poptones act urlLink The Others . You might know The Swear from the much-hyped and now scarce urlLink Angular compilation, who were so good they've been invited to appear on the second one as well. Frontwoman Tycie (who met her bandmates at Goldsmiths College when I was there a few years back) comes across as a proto-early Madonna (post-punk era, of course) with a bit of that one out of the Cardigans for good measure. Their songs are fraught and tight, with hardcore fan Andrew providing additional vocals, leading on 'Japanese Pop Song'. The Others will probably rue the day they played such tiny venues as this -- or maybe secretly hanker after them when they're packing them into larger ones. Alan McGee has invested much stock in this act and while I once sniggered watching him watch Creation failures One Lady Owner at Reading like a wide-eyed child, on this occasion I think he's right. urlLink The Others have 'it'. They shouldn't, coming across as some old indie kids who should know better, but they do. Recent single 'This Is For The Poor' was kept out of the Top 40 by the Millwall FA Cup single (ironic, given where the Paradise bar is located) but while Millwall limp back into Division One obscurity, The Others will keep on playing regardless of whether anyone wants them to or not.

 What If Zappa Had Gone A Capella? Da Vinci's Notebook know how to make you feel better. Here's their urlLink recipe .

 Velocity Boy Over at urlLink 3AM today you can read Richard Marshall's interview with artist urlLink Julian Stallbrass , my scathing review of urlLink Morrissey's new album (which has already offended one member 3AM team so the obsessives at morrissey-solo.com should be marching on Whitechapel by sunset...) and Andrew Gallix's excellent urlLink Buzzwords column, which features many many things New Cross. That and urlLink Attack! Books' Tommy Udo's urlLink blog , where he claims that our event last summer wasn't up to much: "the 'underground' just seems populated with such boring losers" . Fine, suit yourself, we don't care. Speaking of art, Charles Saatchi and the Young British Artists have urlLink much to urlLink cry into their beer over today (the Mirror displayed its urlLink usual taste and decorum , of course). Methinks our forthcoming summer event at the urlLink Stuckist Gallery on July 3rd might end up being a benefit gig. Psst! Wanna become a urlLink Defastenist , the remodernists seeking a return to the cult of the artist (writers can also apply)? Fancy some urlLink Stereolab ?

 No headline required I thought the urlLink Worst Album Covers Ever could not be topped. I was wrong. urlLink Very wrong .

 urlLink The first ever photo on Joe Bloggs.

 The new rock and roll, broadsheet-style When it falls out of the paper alongside all other manner of crap and flyers, The Observer 's urlLink Music Monthly section is pored over obsessively. When it was announced that Music (alongside Food and, yawn, Sport) would be the third component of the paper's added-extras drive to actually maintain people's interest, I was like "Ex-Select journalists apply here or what?" , though so far I've not seen Sian Pattenden's* byline on any articles. In yesterday's section, there was a piece on the new urlLink 'Grime' scene of East London. Forgive me for thinking that this is the worst case of over-egged simplistic journalism in search of a story that doesn't exist since Stephen Glass stopped writing for the New Republic . I did find author urlLink Simon Armitage's CD collection make-over amusing though. urlLink This Girls With Guitars album looks promising too. (* She wrote for Select and such-like in the 1990s, a lot. What's funnier is what she did afterwards, recorded in detail urlLink here on ex-Adorable frontman Pete Fijalkowski's urlLink post-shoegazer site . He hasn't changed at all ( "Creation weren't a bad label, they just probably weren't the label for us" ).) Elsewhere, Damien Hirst is to urlLink open a bar in the quaint Devon town of Ilfracombe. urlLink Charles Thomson will be barred straight off, I expect. More urlLink Morrissey comeback urlLink antics in the usual places. The dour urlLink Royal Academy gets a pasting. urlLink Irvine Welsh on Jessa Bookslut's favourite, urlLink James Kelman 's You Have To Be Careful In The Land Of The Free . urlLink More pictures of The Pixies looking not-so-cool anymore.

 Is there life beyond the M25? It seems that urlLink Penguin's ceaseless campaign to cheapen literature has finally paid off. In among the lifestyle features of last Friday's Evening Standard glossy magazine (for US readers: this is an upscale version of People ) was a guide to forthcoming literary festivals, this being pitched in a kind of "go to these and you might see an author of you've heard or meet a dashing chap who reads a lot" way. The most famous book festivals are in Hay-on-Wye and Edinburgh and we at 3AM often contemplate a presence there. Then I muse "Yeah, but they're outside of London" and think no more of it. You see, unless I'm traveling abroad, as soon as I leave London, I wish I hadn't. No matter what it is I'm going to, I know I'd have been better off staying in London. There may be a medical condition for this, I don't know. Try finding The Guardian in Bracknell or decent moisturiser in Dundee. Anyhow, one festival I can attend, as recommended by the Standard (so it must be good) is the urlLink Clerkenwell Literary Festival on 9-14 July. Hell, I can walk home from that. Bonus!

 Kill Bush 2? So urlLink Michael Moore won the 'Golden Palm' at the Cannes movie festival this week, the highest, most prestigious award in the French movie industry, and more generally one of the most notable in the French artistic scene at large. Watch Moore's reaction, irritatingly dubbed in French, urlLink here . (choose "Interview / Photo Call Palme d'or : Fahrenheit 911") The event, viewed from France at least, has its importance. The media attention devoted to the festival each year is comparable to what you usually get for royalty weddings,and Cannes is by many accounts the center of the film world during its week of screenings. In many ways too, Cannes represents a consensual view of cinema in this country, that is, a lot of people identify with at least part of the selection, that ranges from big American productions, virtually assured to be profitable with or without the jury's accolade, to more obscure, in recent years often Asian movies with more unusual aesthetical and/or narrative approaches. The movies that receive awards certainly enjoy a success they would hardly have had without the exposure. So the impact of Moore's triumph is politically and culturally meaningful, and if I understand Bush's psychology, I wouldn't be surprised if Cannes were now high on his invasion/bombing agenda. The mix of intellectual and popular interest in the Cannes awards ceremony sends a very unambiguous message about France's appreciation of Bush's errings. The secondary debate on the legitimacy of such a political choice in a supposedly exclusively artistic context will certainly not have much weight. The jury, in an unprecedented post-ceremony press conference, felt the need to give artistic justification to their choice, but while I wouldn't question Moore's talent as a film-maker, beyond his politics, his is a cinema of ideas before anything else. More practically, this could mean that Moore may be able to show his movie to the Americans before the next presidential election in America, something we all hope for, if only for democracy's sake. The (mildly) French left-wing daily newspaper " urlLink Liberation " used the title 'Kill Bush 2' to refer to the event. I very much doubt that in any context, American or European, a work of art can be enough to decide an election, but for once in a very long time, I have not been that ashamed to be French after all. Although to be fair, Quentin Tarantino's tenancy as chairman of the jury may have had some influence on the final decision. If it were only me, he'd be very welcome here if he ever needed political asylum. Same for Moore, but I'd have to ask him to lose the baseball hat. If he's not an ungrateful bastard, Moore should switch to urlLink berets now. I'd be happy to send him one if he asks.

 On Naked Ladies In this good weather you can't help but notice women's bodies. You notice little things about the girls you meet, like the freckles on their upper arms, or hairy toes, or birdlike ankles, or a fine down covering their cleavage -- but there's nothing quite like the urlLink Turkish Baths for the full revelation of what other women really look like naked. In the baths at York Hall today I learned of the democracy of cellulite, and the immense variety of women's bodies. There was one stunning hourglass of a black woman in red lace knickers who walked into the steam room covered in foam, and shrieked as she poured cold water over herself with a bucket. There was an Eastern European woman in the shower, with a few teeth missing, and who had strangely discoloured skin on her hips. There was the white woman lolling like a seal on a slat in the hot room, across from a lithe brunette doing stretches. There was a woman in her 30s with white horizontal stretch marks across her back. Then there was the Chinese woman in her 40s, with tattooed eyeliner on her lower lids, who sat on a bench holding a single, melting ice cube. Almost completely flat-chested, she had nipples that stood out like brown jelly beans, and she had the politest strip of a Brazilian I'd ever seen. It was a lovely afternoon, subsequently ruined by going to see urlLink Gillian Wylde's halfhearted show at urlLink Toynbee Studios . After hearing one of GW's pony-tailed entourage sing Every Day Is Like Sunday while listening to a walkman, and after suffering a self-indulgent stream-of-consciousness spiel about research and process by la Wylde herself in a quiet monotone, I went to look at the fruits of all this process and research I'd heard so much about. One was quite fun - it was a kaleidoscopic video of the artist, playing an electric guitar while topless - her breasts and arms merged in and out of another psychedelically, sometimes making the whole mess look like a giant nipple-headed musician with a two-necked guitar. Just after this, however, came another vid of Wylde sticking the stem of an iris up her arse, which was painted brown, and doing what appeared to be kegel exercises in order to waggle the flower around like a tail. After two minutes of exposure to her pulsating anus I was faintly nauseated, but none the wiser as to her artistic intentions.

 Bucketloads of fun for the whole family I've invented a new game. Think of a difficult word, that is, one that people tend to misspell. Then choose what you think is the most common incorrect way people write the word, and type it in Google. The game is: find the word and the spelling that will bring the highest number of pages under Google. I've done it with "corcodile", obtained 923 pages. So, technically, I'm the champion so far. Your turn now.

 Bunnymen All hail the urlLink Dust Bunnies !

 Justice Shmustice It seems to me that we'd all be better off if attention-seeking illiterates urlLink Fathers 4 Justice had used their urlLink condoms for the purpose they were intended to serve.

 Velouria A monster hangover in progress, so all you'll get from me is urlLink Andrew Kendall's blog , which pretty much details the goings-on of the London indie uber-hip right now, if you're into that sort of thing. Oh, and I saw urlLink Howard Marks in the Coach and Horses in Soho last night.

 "Exciting but unthreatening"? At last! urlLink A crime crackdown worth its salt. A urlLink Joy Division film to be made -- well, they're urlLink talking about it anyhow. More urlLink Morrissey . Another of Bill Drummond's projects urlLink perplexes The Guardian . And, of course, you can't mention him without mentioning urlLink him . urlLink Fuller-figured indie girls on Amp (home of the tardy urlLink Amp blog ). urlLink Bookmunch are not into Dan Rhodes' new book at all. urlLink Maud Newton's blog on Bergdorf Blondes . Seeing the hideous adverts for that on the Tube recently, I wondered -- are there that many dumb women in this city? Peer into the minds of advertising execs charged with rebranding Kerrang! over at urlLink No Rock & Roll Fun .

 Young British Artists have had their day That's urlLink the verdict of arts critic Maev Kennedy in today's Guardian , commenting on the shortlist for this year's Turner Prize as announced yesterday. "It's mortgage and Bupa time for them" apparently. Anyhow, you can see the shortlisted works urlLink here and urlLink here , with additional broadsheet commentary urlLink here . Meanwhile, Charles Saatchi's unsuccessful attempt at rapproachement with the urlLink Stuckists makes The Independent 's Diary column yesterday: "Charles Saatchi has (unsuccessfully) tried to visit the headquarters of his most vociferous critics, the Stuckist movement. In a possible rapprochement bid, Saatchi and his wife Nigella Lawson pitched up in a black cab outside the Stuckist Gallery in Shoreditch on Saturday." What does it all mean?

 20 Questions This week's 20 Questions comes from urlLink Mark Sarvas of urlLink The Elegant Variation litblog. He likes Scotchguard, apparently. Why do you blog? As an outlet for crippling insecurity and acute loneliness. It's also an excuse to keep me from my real writing. Oh, I also do like books. What are your favourite blogs? Why, Joe Bloggs, of course. (Did I mention I'm also an incorrigible ass-kisser?) The blogs that manage to pierce the clouds of narcissism that surround me are listed in my blogroll, and I'll probably hurt all sorts of feelings if I leave people out here. But daily must-reads include the following: urlLink Maud Newton , sine qua non of literary blogs. (TEV has been my poor attempts at a Maud impersonation, and if I could only visit one site, it would be hers.); Sarah Weinman's excellent urlLink Confessions of an Idiosyncratic Mind , focusing on crime fiction with energy and style; Dan Green's thought-provoking urlLink The Reading Experience has been a literary education for me. Ron Hogan's urlLink Beatrice is always thoughtful and - together with my great friend Ed Champion of fantastically exuberant urlLink Return of the Reluctant keep the evil Book Babes in check. I'm also a daily reader of urlLink Moorishgirl , who is doing excellent things with her site particularly in terms of reviews. Sam Jones' urlLink Golden Rule Jones is also a daily stop. And then there are the indispensable urlLink Old Hag and the mighty urlLink TMFTML , without whom I'd have precious little to laugh about, and who make me feel better about my own drinking habits. What are you reading at the moment? I'm finishing up Mortification , a collection of Embarrassing Writer Stories, which I'll be reviewing at TEV. I'm also reading Percival Everett's American Desert , also for review on my site. I'm working my way through Donald Barthelme's 60 Stories . And I'm working through William H.Gass' collection of essays, Fiction and the Figures of Life. What is the best book you've ever read? I don't think I can answer this. I suppose it defends on your definition of the best written? The best constructed? Or the one that made me feel best? Anyway, I'm terrified of commitment. But since I can't seem to go a week without plugging him in some fashion, I'll answer "Every book by John Banville." I'm particularly partial to Athena and Eclipse. What is your favourite poem? It's probably urlLink 'The Layers' by former poet laureate Stanley Kunitz, which contains this wonderfully sad line that I use to open my novel-in-progress: "How shall the heart be reconciled/to its feast of losses?" Who is your favourite musician(s)? Bill Evans' piano playing is one of the few things that might almost convince me there's a God. What is your favourite quote? I've never been able to sort out the attribution for this one, but it so perfectly sums up my own uneasy relationship to my work: "I like having written." How did you vote in the last election? Gore, of course. Sent him money, too. And "I've ranted about this before" I've never forgiven Nader and his followers for having so naively perpetuated this grand lie that there's no difference between Republicans and Democrats. That one's come home to roost, sadly. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? George W. Bush. And this is not hyperbole. We're standing on the brink of a dark ages in this country, and the choice probably hasn't been as stark since 1860 when Lincoln ran against Douglas. His administration is riddled with evil all the way to the core, and, as a committed internationalist, I despair for America's future and its place in the world. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? I used to drink at this Los Angeles bar called the Cat and the Fiddle with my dear friend Eric, and after he'd listen patiently to my complaining and whining and moaning about the various difficulties and injustices of the writing life, he'd give me an unimpressed look and say, "Shut up and write." Shut up and write. Words I live by, to this day. When do you view it permissible to lie? When my agent wants to know how far along the rewrite I've gotten. It's not like he doesn't know. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My laptop and my 1963 Hofner Beatle bass. It's the violin shaped bass guitar the Paul McCartney played with the Beatles, and I've had one since my Beatle band days in college. Define pleasure. Being in Paris with my wife. I go there every year. There's a cafe on Place Saint Sulpice with rows of chairs out front, and I've probably spent some of my happiest moments right there. Define pain. These days, it's reading the newspaper. The helplessness in the face of truly disastrous times. What animal would you most like to be? No idea. I don't think being an animal has much to recommend itself for. Let's say a housefly, they only have a lifespan of a few weeks, right? Might as well get it over quickly. What has been your best blogging experience? It's probably a toss-up between the first time Maud Newton linked to a piece of mine I couldn't believe anyone was actually reading and my recent interview with Andrew Sean Greer, which was an example of new doors that are opening thanks to the blog. What has been your worst blogging experience? Only getting 36 signatures on urlLink my petition to dump the Book Babes. Who are your heroes (in any field)? I'm suspicious of heroes - I find that sort of adulation slightly dangerous. But the closest I come would be my previously mentioned friend Eric (of "Shut up and write."). He was a child actor whose career ran out of steam, and rather than give in to L.A. despair when the phone stopped ringing, he had both second and third acts. He went back to school as an adult, graduated Berkeley with honors, taught English in Japan, then came home to work for the good guys on Capitol Hill. Then he moved into the non-profit world, where he's been working directly to help people improve their lives. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? Until Eddie Izzard came along it would have been John Cleese. But Izzard is brilliant, magnificent, unlike anyone I've ever seen. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? A big, fat sale for my book. Of course, that probably means I have to finish it, first.

 Recent Britflick in 'not bad' shock! I went to see the urlLink Football Factory at the weekend. Don't get me wrong, I don't 'do' football but I think John King (who wrote the book of the film back in the 90s) is as good a writer as urlLink Irvine Welsh when it comes to documenting inner city life in Britain. It's worth saying from the outset that the film could have been a lot worse -- we're hardly known for making convincing criminality films of late. Thankfully, it being made in 2004 rather than 1994, it seems you can do more with low budgets these days and while the soundtrack is ever-present, it tends to veer towards the Libertines and urlLink Primal Scream end of the spectrum (with two recent Scream tracks for comfort on there). Fading out with 'Going Underground' by The Jam was somewhat predictable and while there's one or two well-worn cliches in there, on the whole it's a surprisingly well-made film (yes, I did go to the cinema expecting to be disappointed, but what can you do?). One thing though -- I used to live above a pub frequented by Millwall thugs and I can honestly say that the ones depicted in the film were effeminate PhD candidates compared to the ones I met. Apparently Mark Perryman, author of urlLink The Ingerland Factor and founder of urlLink philosophyfootball.com , is going to review the film for 3AM .

 Grow a soul with 3AM Jackie O-Motherfucker in urlLink absorb . Auf Der Maur on urlLink Drowned in Sound . A new issue of urlLink Fufkin up. East London's Hari Kunzru in urlLink The Guardian and the urlLink New York Times (though his latest, Transmission , is panned in the Evening Standard ). Fame is not all it's cracked up to be, urlLink according to Monica Ali . PJ Harvey in urlLink The Times ( urlLink her site has all manner of available downloads for your pleasure too). Want to read the review of Jonathan Coe's forthcoming biography of English cult author BS Johnson in the Evening Standard ? Well you can't, because it's not online.

 And stay out! Surprised urlLink this hasn't attracted more coverage. Let's hope more untalented bigots get the hint and decide to leave these shores. 33rd floor? That's quite a way down if someone were to push him off his balcony. Not that I'm advocating that anyone does of course. But...

 Joy Zipper + 10 000 Things, ULU 14/5/04 On Friday, an email pops in the in-box kindly inviting me to go and see 10 000 Things, who are supporting urlLink Joy Zipper . I was planning on attending the urlLink Angular event but a trip to ULU (round the corner) is preferable to braving early morning transport home from Brixton. An opportunity to shoegaze should never be passed up either. I was surprised to see urlLink Matt Thorne in the crowd -- so even novelists do gigs, I now know. 10 000 Things, as suggests their support act status, are first on and proceed to plunge into a set of grungey Oasis-esque numbers, a kind of Gallagher brothers after a few Thee Hypnotics albums and a bottle of Jack Daniels each. As well as sounding like 10 000 Maniacs in name, 10 000 Things have the misfortune to suffer from Ordinary Boys Syndrome visually (ie. each band member looks as if they should be in another band). But frontman Sam Riley has more front than Southend and strikes up an instant rapport with the audience between songs in the manner of a stand-up comedian, displaying his Leeds origins with a gruff Northern accent. Lyrically-speaking, the songs ('Dogsbody'?) won't be winning any Ivor Novello Awards, dealing as they do with everyday topics of little gravitas such as work, fidelity and alcoholism. It never did Oasis any harm commercially but some might be a little distracted from their brand of straight, down the line rock n'roll by this. If dirty and raucous does it for you then 10 000 Things should work a treat. Unfortunately, mesmerising and wistful does it for me -- so I am more than content with the performance of Joy Zipper. Wrongly described in pre-gig publicity as Beach Boys-esque, Joy Zipper owe a clear debt to My Bloody Valentine (they're produced by Kevin Shields) and come across as a contemporary take on the Mazzy Star franchise. Their second album's title, American Whip , evokes memories of Veruca Salt's American Thighs -- but hopefully they'll have more staying power than them. American Whip is a Loveless for Generation Y and the duo of Tabitha Tindale and Vincent Carfiso more than cut it live to boot, breathing new life in to the previously assumed decaying corpse of shoegazing. I can't recall a gig I've ever felt so affected by what's going on on-stage. Perfect.

 Middle England Online Apparently the internet can be used for things other than reading about PiL's urlLink Keith Levene at 3AM , such as dating and the like. So imagine the kind of freaks you can meet on the chat function of urlLink the Daily Mail 's site , which was launched recently. "Really? I hate asylum-seekers too -- let's start a family!"

 Which London Underground Map are you? Take the urlLink quiz .

 Dude, you're confused? urlLink Mark Sarvas over at urlLink The Elegant Variation blog wonders what exactly is being judged in the 3AM Good Sex Prize -- urlLink the judges or actual fiction ? For his benefit, I'll reiterate the shortlist, as I confess, it was a wee while between announcing the shortlist and the judges and anyone not paying attention could get confused: Frederic Beigbeder, 6.99 , Picador, July 2003 Stewart Home, Down and Out in Shoreditch and Hoxton , The Do-Not-Press, February 2004 Michel Houellebecq, Lanzarote , Heinemann, July 2003 Mounsi, The Demented Dance , Black Amber, July 2003 Ben Myers, The Book of Fuck , Wrecking Ball Press, February 2004 Adam Thirlwell, Politics , Jonathan Cape, August 2003 Helen Walsh, Brass, Canongate , March 2004 Tony White, Foxy-T , Faber and Faber, July 2003 OK, it's a bit of an EU-centric affair as there's no US novels to speak of in the list, primarily because no one nominated any. There's always the 2005 prize for that I guess, if any US authors write any that is (tip: write one now and it might win). However, my post of the other day on the list of judges, although now amended, was not strictly true as I omitted both urlLink Toby Litt and urlLink Andrei Codrescu , primarily because I didn't know urlLink Andrew Gallix had approached them to be judges and the first I knew of it was when they voted (having done so before most of the announced judges). As such, two authors are now level-pegging in the lead, though obviously I can't say who they are. So, to recap on that front, here are the judges in full: - Steve Almond - Andrei Codrescu - Jessa Crispin of Bookslut - Richard Hell - Tom Hodgkinson of The Idler - Toby Litt - DBC Pierre - Neal Pollack - Jude Rodgers of Smoke - Scarlett Thomas - Matt Thorne - Peter Wild of Bookmunch Whether that list is for my or your benefit remains to be seen.

 Mourning Morgan 3AM would like to apologise for their premature gloating at Piers Morgan's hastened departure from the Daily Mirror last Friday. We understand that Morgan was escorted from the Mirror 's plush Canary Wharf offices by security an this is not a fate we would wish on anyone. The blog entry in question was ghost-written by a 3AM intern who has now had their placement terminated and is understood to be making their way back to the state college from which they hailed, whereupon their exploits will be turned into a teen sex-romp starring Seann William Scott and/or Tara Reid. Our heartfelt apology has nothing to do with the fact that Piers Morgan is claiming a 1m pay-off from the Mirror Group. Nope, not at all. Nor the fact that the Editor of their 3am Magazine , Phil Hall, is tipped to replace Morgan in the Editor's chair. "3am Editor tipped to become next Mirror chief" -- I like that. For wide-ranging discussion of the fall-out following the Mirror 's recent personnel changes, read urlLink Fleet Street Blogger or the urlLink London News Review's media blog . Our lips are sealed on the matter.

 North London Carnival Against Racism Sunday 23rd May, 1pm-6pm Ponders End Recreation Ground; Stations: Southbury or Ponder End Bus Route: 149/279; 5 mins from M25 Speakers include: Nicky Gavron Labour Candidate for Deputy Mayor Lee Jasper National Assembly Against Racism Francis O'Grady Deputy Gen Sec, TUC Paul Mackney Gen Sec NATFHE Simon Hughes MP Claude Moreas MEP George Galloway MP Weyman Bennett Unite Against Fascism Mandy Telford President NUS Music from: Cast Iron Shores The Un-people Atilla the Stockbrokers' Barnstormer Bury Crew Skinny Man Special Needs and Bangra, Kurdish dancing, African drumming and steel band Poets Corner; Bouncy castle and face painting Go on, admit it -- you're tempted by the bouncy castle, aren't you?

 Salford Rads Club It's a policy of mine to blog every media mention of Morrissey I see. Ditto for William Hazlitt. There's something on the Beeb site about urlLink Mozza today. Nothing about Hazlitt though. Think I'll have to give The Guardian a ring... Meanwhile, urlLink the Stuckists' (sort of) blog , recounts a recent visit of none other than Charles Saatchi to their gallery.

 All you need is... ... urlLink this .

 Folk with a rock'n roll attitude "I wanna legally marry/I wanna make more money/I wanna feel safe wherever I go/Make a big noise when I blow my nose I wanna wear an ugly tie I wanna be a straight guy" And it gets (much) ruder and funnier. Check out Jamie Anderson's urlLink "I wanna be a straight guy" A special nice touch at the end.

 Wynona Why Not? "Well you wear black leather and you ride a Harley bike If I didn't know better I'd say you were a dyke." More Sunday feelgood stuff: a nice cowgirl song urlLink here .

 Mirror Man Who knows where we'll see Piers Morgan next, as he exits the Mirror Group's Canary Wharf headquarters today P45 in hand, after being given his marching orders. Funny how it's not been reported urlLink here , despite being the lead item on most other British internet news sites. Can we have our name back now, please? It only remains for me to leave you with the Human League's 'Mirror Man' now: The thrower turns and walks away A change of mind Another start A brand new day Here comes the Mirror Man Says he's a People fan Here comes the Mirror Man And if it seems I'm not the one you used to know Our little friendship Left behind not long ago Don't feel too hurt As distance heals the strongest pain Things are much better now And just a nagging doubt remains

 Rattled by the rush Forgive me for getting over-excited about something that's just landed in mine and however many other peoples' in-boxes, but urlLink Spacemen 3 are having urlLink Recurring reissued by urlLink Space Age Recordings -- which means bad news for people selling copies on eBay. urlLink Sonic Boom is also releasing a compilation of "his finest and hard to find work", which will represent a double blow for those who profit off obscure recordings. The Telescopes also release a new album of previously unreleased material on the Rugby-based label.

 Sheila Take A Bow Well, Kate actually. Introducing Kate Ahl, 3AM 's newest Co-Editor (alongside Jude Rogers of urlLink Smoke and Peter Wild of urlLink Bookmunch ) and definitely the newest contributor to Joe Bloggs. As urlLink Buzzwords mentioned the other day, Kate "grew up in Ithaca, New York, and moved to the UK in 1995 to do a degree in Modern Greek. She worked as a receptionist, a market research executive, and a filing clerk in a colostomy bag factory before joining Routledge on their Media and Cultural Studies list in 2001".

 Wanna work for us, Piers? A few months back, 3AM embarked on a valiant struggle against the urlLink Daily Mirror following its decision to publish a 3am Magazine based on the franchise afforded by their popular urlLink 3am Girls gossip column. The plan was that this magazine would, using the award-winning 3am Girls formula, resuscitate the Mirror 's ailing fortunes. We were already encountering problems with some people in the media confusing us ( urlLink 3AM Magazine ) with them (3am Girls) and a magazine under the name of 3am Magazine would only exacerbate matters further. Editor Piers Morgan (known affectionately to Private Eye as 'Piers Moron' on a regular basis) had invested a lot of personal credibility in 3am Magazine 's ability to revive the failing tabloid however and the project had his unwavering support. Our valiant struggle failed, amid a morass of lawyers' letters and our profound inability to match their financial might -- but so did their plan to save the Mirror using Jordan and make-up tips. A few months on and their much-vaunted publication is as well-received as a Thanksgiving Turkey in Iraq -- which pretty much mirrors (no pun intended) the launch night for the publication held in London's hideous Leicester Square (soon to be home of MTV, apparently), which featured more z-celebs than a night out with urlLink Dean Gaffney . To compound their misery further (much further, in fact) calls are being made for urlLink Piers Morgan's resignation , from the floor of Parliament through to other echelons of Fleet Street, following the revelation that the Mirror 's pictures of British squaddies torturing Iraqi detainees were faked. Morgan's schtick as editor of a British tabloid (not the most credible of avenues in journalism) has been to claim a mission to revive the paper's populist left remit and to badge himself as a media commentator and standard bearer of ethical conduct. So it remains to be seen whose shelf-life will come to an end soonest -- the Mirror's 3am Magazine or Piers Morgan's tenure in the editor's chair there. Never mind Piers, you could always come and work for us if you turn up to Canary Wharf and find you're no longer wanted there.

 We Hate It When... It seems urlLink someone agrees with me about Morrissey's new album. Muso Tim Burgess of The Charlatans on his urlLink formative influences . urlLink More elections happening in Britain, this time for Oxford Professor of Poetry. Speed-addled brains? Yes, it's urlLink Punks for George W. Bush (including Johnny Ramone). I suppose anything's urlLink preferable to Plum Sykes . urlLink Klang interviewed in The Independent urlLink and The Times .

 Jake Purbright -- an apology Can I just reassure anyone who's interested that Jake Purbright is a fictional character of my own creation (a la urlLink Nathan Barley ) and Penguin have not signed anyone to a six-figure publishing deal who hasn't written a book yet? It was a spur-of-the-moment attempt at satire a la the inimitable urlLink Posy Simmonds but I'm flattered that people would view 3AM and Joe Bloggs as a reputable news organ. I do meet a lot of Jake Purbrights however.

 Gajin I guess it goes with the territory working in a Japanese organisation, but can you urlLink tell different Orientals apart ?

 Bomb Culture Jeff Nuttall fondly remembered in urlLink OpenDemocracy .

 Love on the District Line Apparently urlLink the District Line is the capital's numero uno pulling venue, according to the Evening Standard (who else?). I seem to spend my life on there, making the lengthy trek from my abode in Whitechapel to my girlfriend's in Kensington. My life feels like a Pet Shop Boys song sometimes...

 Love on the East London Line I was surprised to read a urlLink more than laudatory analysis of the 'New Cross scene' (if you can call it that) in this week's urlLink NME (see Richard Cabut's review of the Angular Night last month urlLink here ). Surprised in a kind of 'they're waxing lyrical about places I go and people I know' kinda way. It was always bound to be thus -- I lived in the area for most of the time I've been in London, did a Masters at Goldsmiths College, worked as a press officer at Lewisham Council and still live on the East London Line. The article portrays the urlLink Paradise Bar on New Cross Road as some kind of latter-day urlLink Good Mixer or a urlLink Rhythm Factory south of the river. Until the 'Pop Of The Tops' night mentioned in the article, I'd always given the Paradise Bar a wide berth -- aside from a few good drum and bass nights there in the 1990s, it was a venue that was more synonymous with violence for me (a uni friend got a good pasting over nothing by a bunch of estate kids there a few years back). The area may have Goldsmiths College to call its own, but most of the students who attend there tend to frequent where they live, which isn't always New Cross, though I have amusing memories of moody goth parties on Lewisham Way that remain with me to this day. You can count the decent pubs in New Cross on one hand -- Camden it aint my friend, despite what they might say. Two of the best bars -- Goldsmiths Tavern (some legendary ska nights in there, a graffiti-strewn punk dive of note) and the Mulberry Tree -- did not survive their recent re-fits intact. The Amersham Arms does some good urlLink live nights but don't draw too much attention to yourself in the front bar as the regulars can get a bit lively themselves. The Marquis of Granby is good for a pint and a natter but the Walpole Arms over the road has degenerated into a refuge for estate kids who want to quaff alcopops and listen to Britney or Justin. The Hobgoblin opposite New Cross Gate station is probably your best bet for a pint and a go on the jukebox and seems to be the most student-centric boozer in the area if you fancy a trip on the East London Line to try and pull a future Damien Hirst or Sarah Lucas. The chaotic array of urlLink shops around the college are also worth checking out during the daytime. Where the article is spot-on is in the dedication of both the people behind urlLink Angular Recordings and the urlLink Rocklands Tourist Board , who have flogged their guts out mercilessly over the past few years to make this happen, with urlLink the local council only sitting up and taking notice since articles like that of the NME began to appear. Possibly because the Socialist Party and the Greens have begun winning seats on the council there. You can check out our East London Line blog urlLink here and the Rocklands blog urlLink here to find out more. You can also urlLink watch the video to urlLink Art Brut 's now seminal 'Formed a Band' or urlLink listen to Bloc Party's 'She's Hearing Voices'.

 Blue Monday Comics about girls in Cramps t-shirts who obsessively follow Adam and the Ants, with some Mod revivalism on the side? Count me in! Interviews with the grandly-monikered urlLink Chynna Clugston-Major over urlLink here , urlLink here and urlLink here .

 Young author scoops literary accolade before single word written 3AM exclusive A YOUNG writer was the toast of Fleet Street today when he was included on a respected list of promising authors before he'd even written a single book. Jake Purbright was a surprise inclusion on the Charlie Young British Authors list as it is known that he hasn't even written a book yet. "This has quite taken me by surprise," said Purbright, 26, from his fashionable home in a multicultural district of North London yesterday. "There I was just bumming around in Hoxton and the next thing I'm hanging out with Martin Amis and Dave Eggers. It's great!" Mr Purbright, a media studies graduate, was thought to have been signed to a six figure publishing deal with Penguin following a lunch at his girlfriend's parents house last year. "I was a bit depressed, I mean I'm no good at art and I don't think I could handle the workload of being in a band. So I was just hanging around gallery openings and attending gigs on the guest lists of bands I know but I couldn't actually point to anything I did creative-wise. Being a writer sounded fun, and easy." One of Purbright's biggest advocates is the well-known writer Zadie Smith, who met him at a party organised by lastminute.com founder Martha Lane Fox last year. "I think Jake's writing will have great energy and rawness," said Smith on hearing of the accolade. Purbright brushed aside criticisms of his inclusion, arguing that he does intend to write a book in the not too distant future. "I do have a laptop, you know. It's still in the box but I will get round to writing something very soon." William Hill shortened the odds of Purbright winning next year's Booker Prize today. Dave Eggers and Nick Hornby were not available for comment.

 The Boyfriends urlLink David Barnett , biographer of Suede, emails me to inform that he's handling the press for the new urlLink Angular Sampler of New Cross post-punk stylings. His band The Boyfriends (who are on the new compilation) have their site urlLink here .

 3AM Good Sex Prize The judging process for the Inaugural 3AM Good Sex Prize is now well underway, with a panel assembled consisting of a diverse range of figures from the literary world, including: - urlLink Steve Almond - urlLink Andrei Codrescu - urlLink Jessa Crispin of urlLink Bookslut - urlLink Richard Hell - urlLink Tom Hodgkinson of urlLink The Idler - urlLink Toby Litt - urlLink DBC Pierre - urlLink Neal Pollack - Jude Rodgers of urlLink Smoke - urlLink Scarlett Thomas - urlLink Matt Thorne - Peter Wild of urlLink Bookmunch Bribes may be sent to me c/o the address below, though fat lot of good it'll do for whoever as I have absolutely no say in it at all.

 War of words I wonder if urlLink this will set a precedent? Perhaps other famous authors could be drafted in to solve international disputes. urlLink Irvine Welsh to stop the Iraqis from swedging? urlLink Steven Wells to knock heads together in Chechnya?

 Panache Mick Mercer has been writing about music for 30-odd - very odd - years. Starting in 1976 with his fanzine Panache , hes worked for practically every pop rag going, including Melody Maker , NME and Zig Zag , which he also edited. Most of us gave up, got proper jobs and had kids a long time ago. Not Mick. Since the demise of the printed music press, hes being bashing out his strangely crazy thoughts on urlLink www.mickmercer.com , which includes a free PDF mag called The Mick . And now hes even resurrected Panache in the form of a CD Rom - an illustrated version of his provocative, pent-up live journal. Of two other CDs on sale, 3AM types will probably find the Punk History Vol 1 to their taste. This features interviews with a couple of early members of Adam and the Ants, the Adverts, the Damned and more. Theres also a big bunch of punk photos taken by the man himself - the Ants at the Marquee (1978), Blondie (1978), Damned at the Roundhouse (1977) etc. The CDs go for about a tenner, with details on the aforementioned site. Needless to say, its all pogo-tastic stuff.

 Is Britain shit? Went to see urlLink Selfish Cunt at the urlLink London School of Economics last night. Support was provided by Prey and the always entertaining urlLink Pink Grease , and I was accompanied by urlLink Marco and urlLink Zan . First reflection should be on the bar prices there -- 1.90 for a pint of Stella, which is surprising in a city where I generally expect to come away with little change from 3 at the bar. Made mental note to return. Some of urlLink the crowd were somewhat unusual, from emaciated types with quiffs to pot-bellied goths letting it all hang out. The girl selling the merchandise, a peroxided waif, was doing likewise, insisting on flashing her bikini top to us from under her fake fur coat and even letting some customers grope her. Marco bought a couple of singles, I noticed. Geek chic was the order of the evening. Pre-gig band tapes are always interesting to me -- 'This Town Aint Big Enough For The Both Of Us' by Sparks nestled next to 'Top of the Pops' by The Rezillos. Prey specialised in fraught r n' b workouts -- no vocals. The sound was very much Cramps meets Neu! with a heavy emphasis on the surf drums. A good live performance but not sure how well it'd translate onto vinyl. Pink Grease remained true to garish form, with much in the way of camp in a kind of non-ironic Electric 6 way. Once again, The Cramps were instantly recalled. While the band had much in the way of theatrics to rely upon, the distinct lack of a back catalogue ensured the set was relatively short. "We're your fantasy band, assholes!" yelped the lead guitarist, replete with whiteboy afro and goggles. It was an incendiary display, capped off with the sound cutting out as the inter-band tape came back on, 'Freak Scene' by Dinosaur Jr perplexing a few people around us. Once Selfish Cunt mount the stage not long after this, confusion reigns supreme. Coming across as a contemporary take on Suicide, the assault on the senses is deafening and baffling. Singer Martin, no stranger to camp theatrics himself, begins with back turned to the audience, before writhing around to the strains of guitar that is abrasive yet sometimes New Wave-styled. The presence is almost messianic to some extent and the ethos entirely confrontational. I am loathe to participate in the process of heaping hype on an already over-hyped act, but Selfish Cunt's neo-manifesto of applying shock treatment to fundamental tenets of the British psyche (cf. their urlLink 'Britain is Shit' single) and attempting to represent an affront to moral decency are just what the pop charts require after what seems like centuries of turgid indie rock. It's almost as if Throbbing Gristle never went away. In truth though, the night belonged to Pink Grease. We may have been stood in the same place that the London crowd of 1968 held college authorities to ransom in the name of Vietnam, but the revolution is now sexual as the ghosts of Roxy Music fornicate openly and flirt with your affections.

 Quiet days in clich Another 3AM person to take advantage of the nu-style urlLink blogger.com is Chief Editor urlLink Andrew Gallix , our homme Paris and 'piss artist extraordinaire'. He will be using urlLink gallix.com to archive his published work on the net, he tells me. You can view mine and Andrew's fotologs urlLink here and urlLink here respectively. Which is handy, given that the blogroll disappeared when I overhauled it today...

 20 Questions Today's 15 megabytes of fame outside of their own weblog comes from the pseudonymous Inspector Sands of the urlLink Casino Avenue blog, which focuses on the life of a journalist and Charlton FC fan resident in, erm, Charlton of all places: Why do you blog? Because it seemed like a good idea at the time. Now I like it because it's a good way of bringing like-minded types together, as well as putting a few issues in the spotlight which would otherwise be missed. What are your favourite blogs? Loads, none of them American, not all listed here. urlLink Diamond Geezer , a wised-up take on capital life which avoids the naiveity of other blogs and most of the media, but never loses its enthusiasm for London. urlLink Onionbagblog , which is savage and witty, but never too cynical. urlLink Pixeldiva does great things with pictures, while urlLink Bandhag and urlLink Smacked Face ooze a lust for life. urlLink Green Fairy still makes me laugh out loud from time to time, while urlLink Creepy Lesbo still sounds like someone I want to go drinking with, after a year of reading her. urlLink iCandy , urlLink The Highrise and urlLink Not You, The Other One do fine work for Manchester, Edinburgh and Newcastle - I discover most of my blogs through urlLink London Bloggers , so I don't read enough from other parts of the world. What are you reading at the moment? 'Be My Enemy' by Christopher Brookmyre. I'm not reading enough at the moment, largely because my coats and jackets have pockets which are too small... What is the best book you've ever read? 'Animal Farm' and '1984' by George Orwell. What is your favourite poem? I cannot for the life of me fathom out why anyone should get worked up about poetry. Who is your favourite musician(s)? I am loving the Franz Ferdinand album right now, while I'd walk over hot coals for Ladytron, Tindersticks, the Delgados and Spearmint. What is your favourite quote? That Oscar Wilde one about lying in the gutter and looking at the stars. How did you vote in the last election? Green. Not sure what I'll do this time. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? Religious fundamentalism. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? Shut up and listen. When do you view it permissible to lie? To protect someone else. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My Charlton season ticket and my digital radio. Define pleasure. The third pint of Guinness, preferably following a sixth Charlton victory on the trot. Define pain. Waiting for something that never comes. What animal would you most like to be? A pub dog. What has been your best blogging experience? Sparking a debate, or getting appreciative comments from people. What has been your worst blogging experience? Being screwed over by the awful Enetation commenting system, and discovering there are people who take this all too seriously. And discovering the whining horrors on the Blorgy ratings page - a reminder that once you've found a good blog, cherish it and the person who writes it. Who are your heroes (in any field)? Ken Livingstone (until he rejoined the Labour party), Steve Lamacq, Dean Kiely. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? The Mary Whitehouse Experience changed my life, even if David Baddiel later became a complete knobber. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? A cheque for one hundred trillion pounds. Or the reinstatement of the fast M1 bus between Charlton and North Greenwich stations.

 Remake/Remodel This blog, like 99.9% of the others that clog up cyberspace, is maintained using urlLink Blogger . For as far back as I would care to remember, this (free) service has had a level of originality, diversity and panache usually more associated with cars of the former Eastern Bloc or those produced by nationalised manufacturers in the decadent West (remember the Austin Allegro?). But as far as loss-making concerns like 3AM are concerned, Blogger offers us a cost-effective means of communicating with our readers using stuff we wouldn't normally put on the site and on a more regular basis. As such, I was not surprised to log on this morning to discover that Blogger's recent revamp and sprucing-up of service provision has provided something of a 'Hot Topic' (a la Le Tigre) on urlLink many blogs today. So welcome to the new look, more contemporary Joe Bloggs. All I can say is about time, though it's a bit fiddly, like. And we've lost the blogroll and the comments function doesn't work. Teething trouble, I guess.

 Indie Like It Used To Be Herr Von Stuck's (sort of) urlLink blog responds to Stella Vine's recent critiques of Stuckism. No no no no no! The reformed (surviving) urlLink New York Dolls brought together by urlLink the Mozfather (to borrow the NME 's urlLink newfound enthusiastic name for Morrissey). urlLink New York also comes to London via the art world in today's Guardian piece on the new gallery of Larry Gagosian to be opened in the seedy Kings Cross district.

 A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Blogger I shall depart, to do whatever it is I do at weekends, leaving you with Stella Vine's (who's definitely not a urlLink Stuckist anymore, by the way) urlLink blog for company. Over at Idealog , there's an urlLink interview with 3AM 's Richard Marshall about, erm, urlLink 3AM Magazine . I think we get more than 7000 hits a day though (circa 30 000 unique users, to be precise). The other day I found the bizarrest and most hyperbolic description of us ever (to have not been written by myself) over at the otherwise quite good urlLink Kultureflash : "One may have lost oneself in London and still not heard of The Horse Hospital, 3am Magazine, or Richard Strange. But that doesn't mean that you shouldn't take a chance on the cosmic conjunction of all three this Saturday. Indeed the line-up is almost supernatural in it's assortment of high-cool low-recognition avant-gardeness. It should be a blazing array of pop-punk poetry and literary swagger. Basically the unrepentantly midcult e-journal, 3am magazine is having a party. Standing on their chairs and letting it all hang loose for the party people will be such luminaries as arch YBA-apologist Matthew Collings, Billy Childish -- king of his own little world, Vic Godard still doing Punk like it never went out, came back and went out of style again, Bertie Marshall psycho-lit boy, the aforementioned Richard Strange, the sexy Mitzi Szereto and, jeez, about ten other spokesman for counter-culture. Jessica Callan tragically won't be there (3am launched two years before the Mirror girls were ever a twinkle in Piers Morgan's eye) but don't let that hold you back. It'll be different, that much is certain. And hey, think how less lost you'll be." I haven't felt so proud since I discovered we were on the Links page of the urlLink Cheech and Chong website.

 Flashmobs are so last year urlLink Reclaim the Beach tomorrow -- 10am to 3pm (low tide is at midday), the beach in front of the Royal Festival Hall. Access by stairs either side of the Festival Pier. ...and yes, there is sand along with the pebbles. No sign of anymore urlLink Circle Line Parties though (all up to urlLink these guys, urlLink I guess ...).

 "lower than vermin" To seasoned viewers of BBC's urlLink 'Have I Got News For You' , his bumbling toff persona (a clever front, some argue) is all too well-known. But urlLink Spectator editor and the Hon. Member for Henley (Con), urlLink Boris Johnson , has been appointed Shadow Minister for the Arts and has already generated urlLink enough publicity to preserve his cuddly image. True to dim toff form, Johnson made some rash pronouncements on what the arts would look like under the Tories, including a Stalinist-sounding Six Point Plan to save our cultural heritage. Point Four was interesting: "Fourth? I can't remember what point four is. Ah, yes. We are going to convene a summit with Damien Hirst and the rest of the gang at which they are going to explain to the nation what it all means. Let us have a national 'mission to explain' by the Saatchi mob, which will be massively popular.

 Michael Eisner -- what a jerk urlLink It's like The Crying Game all over again. One of the few benefits of living in a royalist theme park I suppose...

 Necessity being the mother of invention Welcome to urlLink A Quarter Of...

 Not Like Everybody Else London clubs of note: 1. urlLink How Does It Feel 2. urlLink Death Disco 3. urlLink Artrocker

 20 Questions An intended regular feature on here will be Q+A's with other bloggers, a regular feature hopefully remaining in place (unlike Indie Obscura Day). The first interview subject is Jessa Crispin, AKA the urlLink Bookslut : Why do you blog? Blogging fulfills both my ADD-like tendencies and the huge amounts of time I have on my hands. What are your favourite blogs? I actually only read a handful of blogs. urlLink Neil Gaiman 's, urlLink Poundy.com , Spike Magazine 's urlLink blog , and then the blogs of the people I know and love. What are you reading at the moment? You Have to Be Careful in the Land of the Free by James Kelman; Louis Reil by Chester Brown; and Underground by Haruki Murakami. What is the best book you've ever read? I don't think I can answer that. Dubliners by James Joyce maybe. Or Of Human Bondage perhaps. I don't know, that's too difficult. What is your favourite poem? As is that. I really like Austin Clarke, so perhaps one of his. Who is your favourite musician(s)? Bono is quite possibly the Messiah. What is your favourite quote? There's a long passage in The Ground Beneath Her Feet by Salman Rushdie that ends with "We Soar. We Fly. We Flee." That might be it. How did you vote in the last election? I voted for Nader. Mostly because I was living in Texas, and voting for Gore really was throwing my vote away. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? President Bush, Karl Rove, and Dick Cheney. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? As I was freaking out on the phone to my father, crying and bitching, he just sighed and said, "Jes, some days are going to be like this. And some days are going to be worse." It helped more than you would think. When do you view it permissible to lie? Whenever it makes you look good. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My cats. I don't really own anything of value, other than my books, and I would probably die of smoke inhalation trying to get them out. Define pleasure. Reading comics on the couch on Sunday afternoons, drinking tea and smelling the dessert I made for Sunday dinners cooling on the counter. Define pain. That time I nearly took my finger off with a boning knife. I still have a scar. What animal would you most like to be? I'm quite fond of being a human. I wouldn't get to have so many books and so much cheese if I weren't human. What has been your best blogging experience? The day Neil Gaiman e-mailed me the first time. What has been your worst blogging experience? I don't know. None of the bad stuff really matters. Who are your heroes (in any field)? Salman Rushdie in the grace under pressure category. My own father in the being successful in everything he tries to do category. Mike Wallace in the being a delightful bastard category. Dottie Curry in the being a badass category. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? Right now I'm obsessed with Eddie Izzard. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? Perhaps finding a job. That might be nice. Barring that, a nice windfall of some sort. I should find something I can sue the city about.

 On Becoming A Cult Literatus People often say to me, "Andrew, how do I become a writer?" . "Well," I tell them, "It's a bit like this..." : TEN POINT PLAN TO ACHIEVE CULT AUTHOR STATUS 1. Become famous before the book-buying public have read a single word Your arrival on the literary scene requires a fanfare. Stories about "telephone number advances" and being "the find of the London Book Fair" will help here. Even better if you can get on the Granta Young British Writers list before a single copy hits Borders. 2. Your past is more important than your present A few minor indiscretions in your youth? Bring them on, it all adds to the mystique/branding. 3. You have to look good on a dust jacket Who cares if you've written the next Ulysees ? Unless your face shifts units then the marketing department won't want to know. Men may seldom make passes at girls in glasses and the book-buying public would prefer you pouting/chiselled too. 4. Tick boxes shamelessly It's not just about narrative anymore honey, you need metanarrative and allegory too. Multiculturalism or probing notions of national identity help. Otherwise just stick to sex and/or drugs. 5. Write with film-optioning in mind What could be better than being "the book of the film" in terms of boosting your career? Even better if you're on hand to write the screenplay. 6. Champion fashionable causes Being cause celebre is not an end in itself, you need to have opinions on everything -- from fishpaste to politics. Don't worry about developing any form of theory, a soundbite will do. If there's a war on, then oppose it. Party politics is a little more tricky, as a first resort be against the government of the day, but it generally doesn't do any harm to be on hand for governmental soirees. 7. Write a disappointing follow-up to your debut You could write the literary equivalent of Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music , if the marketing power is there then people will buy it based on your debut. You can then "return to form" for the critics with the third. 8. Be in a milieu You need a scene to be associated with, other authors to refer to you in interviews and by association. Don't worry if they're not very good. 9. Develop another string to your bow You're into music as well? Really? Do you fancy a spot of rock biography or commentary to broaden your scope as a literary figurehead? 10. Make sure your agent submits you for as many literary prizes as possible The actual financial awards given by these things will be pin money to you, but the assistance in shifting units is immeasurable, even if you're only on the shortlist. Tongues will wag if you fail to get that far.

 Neils Children urlLink Neils Children are a brash, young threesome from the Home Counties and are attracting favourable write-ups in all manner of media outlets, from the conventional music press through to style mags. The NME referred to them as "druggy, extreme-Dickensian tinkers" recently, so 3AM felt obliged to sink a few pints in their company on the eve of the London date of their first UK-wide tour: 3AM: Youve received a lot of attention in the press of late but some readers might not know much about you, where are you from? NC: We met at college in Harlow when two of us discovered we were actually from the same place, Cheshunt in Hertfordshire and had the same interests. 3AM: What did you study at college? NC: Music. 3AM: Youve been tagged as one of these bands that are emerging from East London, is this a fair reflection on your sound? NC: Not at all, its just lazy journalism. I dont really know of any bands from East London, apart from Bloc Party who Ive a lot of time for. That whole Shoreditch thing is over-rated, its just a good place to drink and watch bands, theres a lot of venues but Id be surprised if any of the bands playing in them were actually from there. Its just a fashion tag, thats all. 3AM: How important is visual presence for you? NC: Fairly important. We make our own clothes, the visual presence is part of who were are as a band, no band can ever escape that. Id like to think we had some artistic flair in what we do. Music is an art, its a form of intelligence, we are artists in that regard. Its not some wanky art school thing, pretentious bollocks or anything like that. But we do have an art edge. 3AM: Do you get out of London much then? NC: This is our first tour outside of London really, apart from a few European dates. Weve been coast to coast and were exhausted now so were just looking forward to things calming down after tonight. Its been a strain on my voice and the record label are worried I wont be right for this evening and tonights important as its the London date. 3AM: On one of your German dates, you played God Save The Queen while on a riverboat going down the Rhine. Do you have a political edge or was it just referencing to the punk era? NC: It was a joke, not a serious gesture at all. We were on a boat going down the Rhine on Jubilee Day and we thought Why not? It was just to give the German audience a treat, I dont know if they got it or not. Its just a bit of front, a laugh that seemed right at the time. 3AM: I cant help but notice one of you is wearing a Ken Livingstone badge, are you sure you dont have a political edge at all? NC: He just likes badges! We just play music, I dont know enough about politics to claim any sort of edge really. Its not something thats ever appealed to us. Im 21 and Ive been able to vote for three years and no ones ever sent me an invitation to vote so thats how much they value my opinion. 3AM: Where do you musical reference points come from then? Punk, obviously. NC: The freakbeat era holds a lot for me, Im big on that, it does something for all of us Id say. 3AM: The Creation and The Action, that sort of thing? NC: Completely. Those bands were something of a turning point, an exciting time for music, before then it was just bands playing beat music but then they began to experiment. I like psychedelia, not that West Coast rubbish but the more darker British stuff. Again that was a turning point, early Pink Floyd and the bands associated with their sound. The Pop Art sound Id say. 3AM: What about later stuff? NC: Post-punk, basically. Other than freakbeat were mainly influenced by the post-punk sound, aesthetic and ethos, in fact were obsessed with it. 3AM: Which bands in particular? NC: Public Image Limited, Gang of Four, The Slits, Delta 5, The Buzzcocks, thats our main sound. 3AM: In what other ways are you post-punk? NC: Were angular, it comes across in our music and the way we dress. The punk era was defined by random splodginess, but post-punk had more going for it and took account of other things that were going on at the time, dub reggae and the like. Our freakbeat side is tempered by an adherence to a post-punk ethos, but at the same time theyre very similar for us. Its just 'smart punk' rather than the pointless random side of punk that never really held much appeal for us. 3AM: Dont you think a lot of bands are going about referring to themselves as post-punk these days, though? What makes you different to those bands and other noisy guitar bands that are vying for attention at the moment? NC: Well were not like The Libertines or The Strokes, so thats a good start. We have a unique sound and I dont think Im over-stated in saying that as we draw on such a myriad of influences and reference points. Those bands that we draw on heavily, the freakbeat and darker psychedelic bands dont sound like anything thats around today so as such neither do we. 3AM: What about the rawer punk sound, The Pistols and The Clash? NC: Obviously that Pistols album was revolutionary for its time but everything that followed, fucking off to Brazil and performing with Ronnie Biggs, that was an absolute joke, wasnt it? A bit ridiculous really. I think I have The Clashs first two albums but even then, theyre too straightforward rock and roll. Thats why post-punk is so appealing, you didnt have to sound like a cardboard cut-out punk band to fit in. It was just about the music but you could take in stuff like dub and psychedelia without worrying about anyone being down on you. It had a punk edge but there was something else to it. That whole 1977 stuff just sounds dated now. 3AM: Do you have any literary influences? I dont just mean in terms of your musical output but in everyday life? NC: I dont really read fiction, I can only point to two books that have had a profound influence on me personally -- 1984 and A Clockwork Orange . Im not grabbed by other stuff but Id say were an Orwellian band. 3AM: Well, were as much a literary website as a music one but I think the two are not mutually-exclusive. NC: Dont get me wrong, I think websites are essential to furthering our cause. From the websites weve spoken to on tour, Ive gleaned that they actually want to speak to us and are more passionate about music. The more traditional music press only interview you because they have to and are getting paid for it. Theres something more punk and original about what you guys are doing. 3AM: Your new single is called I Hate Models, care to explain? NC: Its not a major statement, as such. I mean, I dont know any models personally or anything. It was just a symbol of our frustration at the way things are going, that whole Shoreditch thing, the pretentious side of the music industry where sound doesnt matter. Were just tilting at wankers... we just want to play guitars.

 Indie Stu I get dewy-eyed and romantic when it comes to defunct record labels. I can't stand football in terms of knowing who plays for who or what team scored what on a regular basis, but I am intrigued by local rivalries and club histories. I think I have a high level of organisational literacy, despite wanting to be good at drama and art at school, I sailed through Business Studies and Politics instead. Anyhow, here's my favourite sites devoted to defunct indie labels: - Sarah Records: urlLink here and urlLink here - Creation Records: urlLink here and urlLink here - Ron Johnson: urlLink here - Postcard: urlLink here - Rocket Girl: urlLink here

 America (She Can't Say No) urlLink Henry Miller on America against the artist in the Paris Review .

 Margaret On The Guillotine On the urlLink 25th anniversary of her becoming PM, you can now buy urlLink Margaret Thatcher t-shirts urlLink a la the famous Che pose . Guaranteed to get you a urlLink broken nose in the Scouse job centre queue of your choice.

 Smiths to reform? Not quite, but urlLink Mozza's solo career appears to emerged unscathed from the dolldrums of late. urlLink Post-Communist art . urlLink Writers are petulant creatures shock! Michael Moorcock urlLink reviews Iain Sinclair (you don't say!). urlLink 1968 Studies (and urlLink here ). urlLink London Studies . urlLink Kraftwerk live .

 Get out of town More sops to regionalism as the Arts Council is urlLink urged to relocate out of London . Like that'll ever happen...

 Lizzy Mercier Descloux The always-readable urlLink No Rock & Roll Fun leads today on the death of No Waver urlLink Lizzy Mercier Descloux .

 Worst organisation, evah! Only joking -- urlLink International Comic Arts Association founded.

 'Gay Marvin'? I assume urlLink this is a joke? (hat-tip to my sister for spotting this)

 Judge not lest ye be judged On hearing of his nomination for the 3AM Good Sex Prize, Book of Fuck author and the most eminent music journo to ever emerge from Co. Durham urlLink Ben Myers asked: "Do you judge these things on the amount of people who've had a tug to such works - or is the number of tugs per work per person? Or is it less empirical?"

 Little Hitlers Friday night saw the opening of 'Occupation Theory: an exhibition of new paintings, scupltures, prints and toys by urlLink Frank Kozik ' at urlLink The Aquarium Gallery in Euston (where else?) and various 3AM sorts were on hand to assist in the quaffing of Asahi lager and talking bollocks in the bookstore below the gallery, among the various Brazilian guerrilla warfare textbooks and sundry comics. Much amusement was derived from the discovery among the piles of Zig-Zag 's and Sniffing Glue 's of a fanzine edited by 3AM 's Richard Cabut back in 1980, main feature: an interview with Bauhaus. I also laid my hands on a copy of the re-launch issue of Nude Magazine (website to be urlLink here soon I am told, but it's ostensibly 3AM in print form) and the confirmation of its continued existence is a good thing indeed. I've spent a small part of this weekend checking out the myriad of websites it marks for the reader's attention, which include Bill Drummond's new 'project' urlLink Youwhores.com , a tribute to vehicular oddities urlLink The Hopeless Transport Archive and comic artist urlLink Lorna Miller .

 Punka! Tony O'Neill, formerly of pop-punk band of the Britpop-era Kenickie, pens urlLink a short story for 3AM this week. His former bandmate and current XFM DJ (don't hold that against her) the uber-ubiquitous Lauren Laverne mans the decks at the forthcoming urlLink Club AC30 at The Garage on the 25th of May.

 urlLink The Missing Links - Gallix John Carney on the late urlLink Robert Quine : "Robert Quine played guitar in a certain way on a few songs that made me believe in beauty, poetry, and romance. He executed a guitar solo in the middle of a song called 'Blank Generation' that for me defines what music is all about. And I am talking specifically about the version of 'Blank Generation' that appears on that LP which Sire released in 1977. Its an LP that also features 'Love Comes In Spurts' where Quines guitar opens up possibilities that have only barely been realised since by the likes of the The Fall, Subway Sect, Blue Orchids, Pop Group, Josef K and Fire Engines." Another (yawn!) urlLink Shakespeare controversy. urlLink Martin Amis argues that English football is crap, but praises Rooney: "When he smashed in his first goal, from that distance, from that angle, it was the way he shaped that stayed with you -- like a gorilla, with fully demonstrative menace. Zidane twists, Henry glides; Rooney thunders. He is neither vicious nor undisciplined, but his is a game of applied violence. The sportsman he most resembles is not another footballer: it is the pre-decadent Mike Tyson". Can a urlLink CD-rom help you write a urlLink novel ? urlLink blank magazine sounds really, really good. urlLink The Slits and Mtal Urbain reviewed in urlLink Tangents . Pop and urlLink politics . Summer urlLink reading tips from the likes of Monica Ali, Jonathan Coe, urlLink Douglas Coupland , Hari Kunzru, Zadie Smith, Marina Warner, Irvine Welsh and many others. The urlLink International Anthony Burgess Foundation has just been urlLink inaugurated in Manchester. The urlLink programme of this year's urlLink Clerkenwell Literary Festival which runs from 8 to 14 July (London). Unveiling urlLink The Libertines ' new album. The urlLink Times Literary Supplement on urlLink B.S. Johnson . Prospect 's urlLink list of Britain's 100 top intellectuals. urlLink Iain Sinclair on H.G. Wells's The War of the Worlds . An interview with urlLink Alex Garland . Which urlLink literary characters would you prefer to date? And what does it say about you? urlLink Billy Childish on the joys of urlLink Chatham in Kent. Is urlLink Michael Moore a sanctimonious egotist?

 New at 3AM Magazine Jim Martin on the urlLink Canadian elections . Richard Marshall interviews photographer urlLink Hans Neleman .

 3AM Update Some long-overdue improvements to the site up today thanks to our webmaster urlLink Jim Martin .

 urlLink The Missing Links - Gallix Porn urlLink for the urlLink ladies . Check out urlLink The Reading Experience . AS Byatt on a new English translation of urlLink The Idiot . In urlLink 1979 , The Observer published a list of 80 young people who would "define the country's culture, politics and economics for a generation"; they have done the same thing in today's edition. The urlLink new list includes urlLink Pete Doherty (24) of urlLink The Libertines , urlLink Alex Kapranos (29) of urlLink Franz Ferdinand , novelist urlLink Hari Kunzru (35; see his urlLink website ), poet urlLink Alice Oswald (37), urlLink Mike Skinner (25, urlLink The Streets ) as well as novelists urlLink Helen Walsh (26) and urlLink Sarah Waters (37).

 urlLink The Missing Links - Gallix Death of urlLink Robert Quine , the Voidoids' guitarist. urlLink Alex Garland interviewed in The Daily Telegraph . No sooner has urlLink Pete Libertine returned to England than he is urlLink arrested for possessing an offensive weapon (sic). The urlLink Stonehenge festival is 30 years old. Jim Lewis and urlLink Jeffrey Eugenides discuss urlLink modernism in Slate . urlLink Martin Jacques argues that democracy isn't working. urlLink The Futureheads ' debut album is urlLink reviewed in The Observer . Read about Jonathan Coe 's biography of urlLink B.S. Johnson in the urlLink New Statesman . The reformed urlLink New York Dolls take Meltdown urlLink by storm . urlLink Stella Vine 's blog. A new urlLink Billy Childish exhibition at the brilliant urlLink Aquarium Gallery in London (9-28 July). The Economist on urlLink Bloomsday . Novelist urlLink Steve Aylett has released an album entitled urlLink Lord Pin . "Meet Joe Blog": urlLink Time magazine on the blogging phenomenon. An interview with urlLink J. G. Ballard . James Wood on the urlLink Booker nouveau. The urlLink Stone Roses top The Observer 's urlLink 100 greatest British albums poll. Novelist urlLink Aleksandar Hemon on "Espionage Lit". urlLink Franz Ferdinand hit the million mark. English urlLink football anthems . urlLink Tiny Mix Tapes is pretty cool. urlLink Julian Cope in The Guardian . urlLink Panda porn . urlLink The Others ' blog. Two more interesting lit blogs: urlLink Bookdwarf and urlLink Rake's Progress . The return of urlLink Louis de Bernires : "I only write when I feel like it. I don't ever have writer's block -- I just sometimes don't feel like writing. And if I don't feel like writing, I won't bother. So sometimes, I can go weeks or months without doing anything." urlLink Dave Eggers ' short shorts. urlLink Punk , poet, model-cum-film director urlLink Richard Jobson is interviewed in The Observer : "It was his older brother, Francis, who died recently and to whom the film is dedicated, who initially hipped him to the right sounds and the right clobber. The violence, though, he took to all by himself. 'There's a mechanism in the male dynamic that's drawn towards that stuff,' he says. 'I find it really odd when people deny that. It seems almost unreal now but for a young guy living in a completely grey world, it was an incredibly liberating experience in many ways and one that translated beautifully for me into rock'n'roll.' It was punk rock that lifted the 16-year-old Jobson out of the gang and on to the stage..."

 3AM Update Our forthcoming event at the urlLink Stuckist Gallery is being supported by the urlLink French Institute , thanks to the efforts of the French cultural attache. urlLink Simon Ford's short story Zyklon B. Zombie (previously published in the Stewart Home-edited Suspect Device anthology from Serpent's Tail) inaugurates our new muso-fiction series.

 The Missing Links - Stevens The urlLink Clerkenwell Biennale . urlLink Jonathan Glancey on contemporary British architecture. The Observer 's urlLink 100 Greatest British Albums of All Time . urlLink An interview with Erica Kennedy on her debut novel Bling and a feature on urlLink Sebastian Horsley's drug habit.

 New at 3AM Magazine Poetry from urlLink Clive Murphy . Clive is a regular fixture at my flatmate's spoken word night in Whitechapel, urlLink Maggie Fortune's .

 3AM Update 3AM Magazine is announcing a new fiction project. We would like to compile a series of works from writers whereby each fiction piece's title is that of a song. The piece doesn't have to reflect the band or song concerned, though we leave that option open. Usual 3AM urlLink Submission Guidelines apply. Send to either urlLink myself or urlLink Andrew Gallix , marking clearly in the subject heading. We intend to run this through 2004.

 20 Questions Or alternatively, inform me that you're about to graduate from the college I attended. Today's interviewee is urlLink Madame Tytania , who implores you all to cultivate your inner whore from her blog. Why do you blog? Because I've no problems with being overly self-indulgent. What are your favourite blogs? I've only been discovering blogs over the last few months. I'll mention the ones I'm linked to at the moment: urlLink Rubbishgays -> for the fag hag in me urlLink Pansexual Sodomite -> because we understand each other sexually urlLink Casino Avenue -> because it's like having a chat with a mate in the pub urlLink Love and the City -> was cool till he blogged supporting Ukip urlLink Stella Vine -> some artistic angst I believe in urlLink Belle de Jour -> before she became an unemployed hooker urlLink Gachas at Tiffany's -> it's in Spanish, it belongs to a writer friend of mine urlLink Diamond Geezer -> more mates in the pub factor urlLink Greenfairy -> ditto (and she has girlie concerns too) Plus almost anything with porn in it. What are you reading at the moment? Foucault's History of Sexuality , but only because I must. I like reading fiction, porn and biographies. What is the best book you've ever read? In its day, Richard Ellman's biography of Oscar Wilde was a HUGE eye opener; anything by Truman Capote; The Great Gatsby; Warhol's Philosophy from A to B. Yes, I am a fag hag, I mentioned it earlier. What is your favourite poem? I am more into narrative than into poetry. Maybe The Odyssey by Homer. Who is your favourite musician(s)? Alex James from Blur 10 years ago was, like, LUSH. No, seriously: David Bowie, for the alter ego thingie, definitely changed my life; Malcolm McLaren; Mike Skinner (should have included him in poetry maybe); Roni Size a few years ago, D'n'B was important once; Marc Almond while in Soft Cell: the first boy in black eyeliner I ever saw. Momentous! Dusty Springfield; Bach. What is your favourite quote? *there are two types of people in the world: the cats and the dogs* F. Scott Fitzgerald. How did you vote in the last election? Relax, I didn't vote UKip ;-) What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? A universal male fear of buggery. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? *It takes exactly the same work and effort to make a crap piece of art than a good one*. When do you view it permissible to lie? When the truth would hurt far far more, and a white lie will suffice. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? My computer; my video camera; my latex catsuit and single tail whip; my strap-on dildo; moisturising cream and make-up: Ms Tytania's Essential Survival Kit. One or 2 books I can't think of right now, probably novels and biographies. I could live in a desert island with those. Strutting my stuff in a rubber catsuit under the palm trees... Now, that's an image to cherish! :-))) Define pleasure. When sex and communication go hand in hand, it can be very pleasurable. Power exchange can be very very good too. Define pain. Emotional unfinished business. Bigotry. Death (of close ones). What animal would you most like to be? A dog. A Jack Russell. What has been your best blogging experience? When I started getting comments from people I've never met. What has been your worst blogging experience? None so far, although I once got a comment from somebody who sounded like a religious fundamentalist, and that was a bit unsettling because I had just started my first blog. Who are your heroes (in any field)? Andy Warhol; Coco Chanel; dunno, I look up to my closest, oldest, most dearest friends a lot. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? Andy Warhol. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? Financial stability. Not quantity, just stability.

 BS Johnson at 3AM urlLink The Literary Saloon and urlLink Splinters on Jonathan Coe's biography of BS Johnson (and urlLink Giles Coren's review in The Times ). Film director Paul Tickell was urlLink interviewed by 3AM Magazine in 2002 about his adaptation of Johnson's Christie Malry's Own Double Entry .

 Handing the Loaded Revolver to the Enemy I feel I have been neglecting blogging matters of late, but there's much to organise with our forthcoming lit-pop/art rock collision, as well as trying to fathom out the English weather and avoid the worst excesses of both hayfever and Japanese sake. I'd like to have blogged on urlLink Anna Funder's winning of the Samuel Johnson Prize ( Stasiland unfairly missed out on the Guardian 's First Book award, which was taken instead by a book on mountains by some chinless wonder) but I didn't get chance to. It was in fact well-written, but certainly has something of the Good Bye! Lenin effect about it. I do have time however, to give mentions to the forthcoming exhibition by Billy Childish at The Aquarium Gallery, which is urlLink a homage to Van Gogh apparently. There's also a urlLink fascinating interview in yesterday's Times with East London artist urlLink Stella Vine , who is definitely not a Stuckist anymore, apparently. Normal service should be resumed next week.

 urlLink

 3AM Event Notice A Riot Of Our Own -- a 3AM Summer Shindig - a literary event with turntables or turning the tables on literary events? Saturday July 3rd, 7pm onwards Stuckism International 3 Charlotte Road London EC2 (nearest tube: Old Street) Readings: Michael Bracewell ( When Surface Was Depth ) Tanuja Hidier ( Born Confused ) Colin McCabe ( Godard ) Gwen Riley ( Sick Notes ) Mark Simpson ( Saint Morrissey ) Tony White ( Foxy-T ) Music: Acoustic sets from Mark Sampson, Sweetie and The Fucks of Angular Records DJ sets from Tom Hirst and Andrew Perry Donations welcome This is a private event, entry via RSVP only: rsvp3am@hotmail.com

 3AM Good Sex Prize The judging is over. The votes are in and have been counted. So it only seems fair to exclusively announce to the readers of Joe Bloggs that the inaugural 3AM Good Sex Prize will go to... Mounsi, The Demented Dance (Black Amber) "When I went too far, disrupting the class with my bravado, Mademoiselle Karina would make me go under her desk to calm down. What delicious punishment! While she corrected our exercise books, I could make out the soft hair of her golden fleece, satin-smooth, and the three white fleur-de-lis embroidered on her knickers. I could have spent my entire life between her thighs, which shed cross and uncross, with a slight rasp of her stockings, trying to get comfortable. What did I care for comfort? What a way to go, released in the supreme moment between delicate, transparent lingerie, amid the provocative armour of girdles, bras, suspender belts, hoisted like frigates sails in to pure, exposed matter. Deep in the aroma of voluptuous flesh, in among the downy strands of hair, youd leave as youd come, craving an infinite caress, a final farewell to sorrow, delicately, in full poetic flight, with a thousand, whispered sweet nothings. At that age, all you see of love is its rose-tinted aspect. Just one little controlled, discreet, elegant orgasm. Under her desk, in the intimacy of her underwear, between her legs, precisely where the elastic of the suspenders garrotted the skin of her thighs, my mind concentrated on her pussy, I breathed into her curls. Your mind inside someones knickers, thats rare, but its amazing. I was there, I can vouch for it. I was carried off in a dream. I inhaled deeply. My nose reached into the origin of life. I hallucinated curls of fur. That was my whole life, right there." In joint second place was Tony White with Foxy-T and Helen Walsh with Brass . But Mounsi leapt ahead when the final votes came in. The prize will be awarded on Saturday 3rd of July at the Stuckist Gallery, Charlotte Road, Shoreditch EC2 -- rsvp3am@hotmail.com.

 You don't have to be American to be an acclaimed litblogger, but it helps I suppose when you pen a piece on the newfound prominence of blogs, you're always bound to offend people with non-inclusion. That certainly explains the exhaustive lists provided on here by litbloggers in our 20 Questions series. And when a journalist in the mainstream media pens a piece on blogging per se, it's always bound to promote a flurry of commentary in the blogosphere. Heaven knows The Guardian 's urlLink recent political blog awards scheme caused no end of offence by non-inclusion of some favoured blogs from that particular domain. I guess that's a rather protracted way of saying how angry I am that, like the Evening Standard 's David Sexton before him, Robert McCrum in yesterday's Observer has managed to wax lyrical about litblogging and completely ignores those from his own country: "The other country in which blogs have really taken off is the United States. urlLink Hit & Run , urlLink the Black Table , urlLink Dong Resin , urlLink Zulkey , urlLink Low Culture , urlLink Old Hag , urlLink Press Think and urlLink I Keep a Diary are just some of the more high profile of the American blogs. In the political arena, some of these blogs play an important role in shaping debate. It won't be long before they find a creative role, too." For McCrum's generation, I guess the whole blogging thing is something of amusement value, rather than something to be taken seriously or considered worthy in its own right. A novelty aspect of the literary world, no doubt. McCrum wastes no time in dismissing Dave Eggers' serial novel on Salon too. I am, of course, pleased for the blogs he mentions and the publicity they've obtained in the print media. But, forgive me for saying it, there's some American litblogs that are slightly more worthy of a mention. I won't going into that now but I will end in saying that while Joe Bloggs has no right to an automatic mention (given our unfocused nature, then again, we are attached to a litzine), urlLink Splinters and the urlLink London News Review's Books Diary were worthy of one. Personally, I feel we live in a Republic of Letters, but if McCrum is going to get specific then he ought to take a look in his own backyard first. Poor show McCrum, as we say this side of the pond. Sarah Weinman has her thoughts on this, urlLink here .

 20 Questions Or alternatively, to gain inclusion on here, just mention on your blog that you've not been included thus far... Here, it's the urlLink Rake's Progress ' turn: Why do you blog? It beats working. What are your favourite blogs? The usual suspects. urlLink Maud Newton , urlLink The Elegant Variation , urlLink The Reading Experience , urlLink Return of the Reluctant , urlLink Bookninja , urlLink Golden Rule Jones , urlLink Syntax of Things , urlLink Lit Saloon , urlLink Beatrice , urlLink Confessions of an Idiosyncratic Mind , urlLink A&L Daily , urlLink Cup of Chica , urlLink About Last Night , urlLink TMFTML , urlLink Splinters / urlLink In Writing , urlLink Largehearted boy , urlLink S/FJ , urlLink This Modern World , urlLink Bookslut , urlLink Collected Miscellany , urlLink Old Hag , urlLink brokentype , urlLink Last Plane to Jakarta , urlLink Aarons Baseball Blog / urlLink The Hardball Times , urlLink Football Outsiders , urlLink hip hop music dot com , urlLink Hipster Detritus , urlLink No Roll & Roll Fun , urlLink Izzle! Izzle Pfaff! . urlLink Moby , when he was still active. And Uncle Bob at urlLink Identity Theory , who doesnt usually blog but helps keep whippersnappers like me in line. What are you reading at the moment? Dog of the South , the new DFW ( Oblivion ), and, at the behest of Mrs. Rake, The Awakening , by Kate Chopin. What is the best book you've ever read? Argh. I want to say In Search of Lost Time, but I guess Ill go with Blood Meridian . Its more than a novel, better than a book. What is your favourite poem? "Aubade," by Philip Larkin. Who is your favourite musician(s)? If I have to choose one, Im taking Bob Dylan. Best album, however, is a death match between In the Aeroplane Over the Sea, 69 Love Songs, and Bee Thousand. What is your favourite quote? You have asked me what I would do and what I would not do. I will tell you what I will do and what I will not do. I will not serve that in which I no longer believe whether it call itself my home, my fatherland or my church: and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can, and as wholly as I can, using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use.. silence, exile, and cunning. How did you vote in the last election? In vain. What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation? Religious fanaticism. What's the best piece of advice you've been given? Know when to hold em, know when to fold em. Know when to walk away, know when to run. When do you view it permissible to lie? When the cures worse than the disease. If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab? Just the dog and the best bottle of whiskey on the shelf. Define pleasure. When the one youre thinking of is thinking of you. Define pain. When the one youre thinking of has forsaken you. What animal would you most like to be? A crow. What has been your best blogging experience? The best moment was the first time I saw RP mentioned/linked to (at urlLink Ed's ). The graciousness and intelligence of the lit blogging community is an ongoing pleasure. What has been your worst blogging experience? I havent been around long enough to suffer much. Anything involving the technical aspects of running the blog makes my stomach turn. Who are your heroes (in any field)? I honestly try to avoid them. Who is your favourite comedian of all time? Bill Hicks/Andy Kaufman. Toss up. What one thing would improve the quality of your life? $500,000.

 Ray Charles RIP In the rush to pay tribute to Ray Charles, all have overlooked his scene in John Landis' Blues Brothers , which was pure class.

 Hints I may have said this before, but if you receive a copy of Bergdorf Blondes off me this Xmas, it's a pretty good sign that I don't care much for you. If I give you urlLink Myrna Blyth 's urlLink Spin Sisters , I want you off the planet.

 Soft Skull on the Bowery urlLink Launch party for Todd Colby's Tremble & Shine! Saturday, June 19th @ 10 PM urlLink Bowery Poetry Club 308 Bowery @ Bleecker, right across from CBGB's F train to Second Ave | 6 train to Bleecker | 212-614-0505 Thanks to urlLink Soft Skull Press for this info.

 Pssst... From this week's urlLink Private Eye : "No current British writer worries about his or her inferiority to Yankee competition for the simple reason that the American novel has been more or less washed up since the early 1990s - old stagers such as Roth ( American Pastoral notwithstanding) and Mailer (and Mr U[pdike] himself, I fear) sunk in torpor, newcomers like the Dave Eggers-fathered McSweeney's crowd more interested in back-slapping group promotion... Does anyone seriously think that Zadie Smith would have gone quite as far had she not looked like a cadet member of the Pointer Sisters? As Yasmin Alibai-Brown suggested, how would Brick Lane have fared in the bestseller charts had its author worn a burkah and chaired the Shoreditch Islamic Sisters Against The Great Satan Bush Coalition?" And in today's urlLink Evening Standard : "Zadie makes peace AT LAST a reconciliation between Zadie Smith and the Orange Prize. When her first novel White Teeth was nominated four years ago, the temperamental author invited William Hague's wife Ffion, one of the judges, to "kiss my behind". She hadn't been back since but this year peace has finally broken out. Zadie sidled into last night's party with her fiance Nick Laird and the two stayed late into the evening. "I'm not sure she was actually invited this year," mused one of the PR team at the marquee on the South Bank. Meanwhile unkind wags at the party suggested that Zadie, dressed in a trademark frock accompanied by a Latino-esque flower in her hair had serious competition for the best dressed party-goer from transvestite Turner Prize-winning potter Grayson Perry, who wore one of his famous doll's dresses. The 30,000 Orange Prize was won by Andrea Levy for her novel Small Island ." Literary rivals "WELCOME TO the finest literary awards ceremony of the evening," quipped Mark Le Fanu introducing the Society of Authors annual awards. "I believe there's another ceremony going on tonight, but we don't talk about that." Hackles were raised after the Orange Prize scheduled its own awards to coincide with the SOA event. "I hear they are bribing celebrities to attend," sniffed Lady Antonia Fraser, referring to Orange. "I did not have to be bribed, thankfully." Other guests included Lynne Truss, David Lodge and Margaret Drabble."

 Marital Bliss With a lot of emotion, but a stiff upper lip, we proudly announce the wedding today, in Las Vegas, of our beloved editor-in-chief, Andrew Gallix, with the beautiful Emilie. Long live their love. They are jolly good people.

 The worst system apart from all the others As the race for London's Mayor hots up (well, maybe not), the candidates have been asked their opinions by the Evening Standard on subjects as varied as the price of a pint of milk and their literary tastes. A few weeks ago, the soi disant left-libertarian author Will Self used his column in the paper to state his voting intentions as being for the oleaginous Liberal Simon Hughes and claimed that Conservative Steve Norris "looks as if he belongs in a car showroom" . However, in today's edition, Mr Norris claims that: "The last book I bought was JM Coetzee's Disgrace . I think he's terrific. I'm also a fan of Zadie Smith and Will Self." We all know these things are written by campaign aides but don't they keep up on these kind of things? Or are we supposed to believe that Mr Norris' affection for Will Self's work is so deep as to be magnanimous? (for those non-London-based readers of Joe Bloggs unable to vote on Thursday, you can always urlLink buy a vote on eBay off this guy ...)

 Phase One Take a look at phase one of urlLink 3AM 's revamp today -- our new logo and masthead.

 "Then I saw her face..." I like urlLink The Believer , I really do. And I think its 'Idea Share' section is a good idea. In theory. (echoes of Homer Simpson's "In theory, communism works. In theory." speech here) But why do people have to be so lame? I mean there's hours of fun to be had here, picturing people sat on buses going "Hmmm..." over the following: "Someone should invent a kind of food that is designed to be mixed and heated in an hour or two by the friction generated by your pants pockets." or "Someone should write a Choose Your Own Adventure history book. Readers would be able to read about the Battle of Waterloo and trace the actions of those involvedof anyone involved. Critical moments in history would come alive: The First Congressional Congress, the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand, etc. You could zero in on the life of man who lit the candles when the Founding Fathers worked late, follow him home, and... well, you get the idea." Perhaps it's woefully obvious why these have remained ideas with no tangible outcome? Apologies if those concerned are reading this. Actually, no, I don't apologise at all. Stop being so goddamn lame!

 Public Service Announcement McSweeney's carries an amusing feature -- a urlLink Daily Reason to Dispatch Bush . 3AM is a literary mag, it's not our business to lecture you on politics, though we are in the business of carrying political content in the name of debate. However, this Thursday is the date for the elections in London. On the basis of this, you might make two initial points: i) the elections are for the Mayor of London and the London Assembly, both of which are toothless institutions dreamed up by Tony Blair and his lawyer friends at a dinner soiree in Islington circa 1996 as a means of restoring the London-wide government abolished during a fit of pique by Margaret Thatcher in 1986 but without giving Londoners any real power as it's always been a bolshy place and they'll just abuse it again; ii) 3AM's writers and readers either have a disdain for the farce that is liberal democracy (especially parties of the so-called left) or are inclined to tolerate West London cokeheads who just care about money and will therefore vote Steve Norris because they want to shag Tara Palmer-Tompkinson and her rich friends (need I point out that the latest Zembla has tacit Tory Bob Geldof on the front cover?). The point is, just get out and vote as all the urlLink British National Party need to gain a seat on the London Assembly (which is looking urlLink increasingly likely ) is a measly 5% of the vote in the capital. OK, I hear you say, but there's enough racists elected under the current system, what makes these jokers so special? Try holocaust denial, links to paramilitary organisations and routine beatings for anyone whose skin colour they don't like -- for just three. As someone who gets dewy-eyed at the mention of Routemasters (though I do think they belong in a museum), I'm going to place my big fat X next to the box with Ken Livingstone written on it -- anyone who wants to rant at length about how he's in the same party as Tony Blair is welcome to join me down the pub to do so. Actually, I know there's one Richard at 3AM who thinks the Labour Party has always sold out those it puports to represent while another of the Richards is a bit of a romantic old lefty at heart. I'll leave you to work out which one is which.

 A Riot Of Our Own More to be added and some of these may be subject to change, but... A Riot Of Our Own -- a 3AM Summer Shindig - a literary event with turntables or turning the tables on literary events? Saturday July 3rd, 7pm onwards Stuckism International 3 Charlotte Road London EC2 (nearest tube: Old Street) Readings: Colin McCabe ( Godard ) Mark Simpson ( Saint Morrissey ) Tony White ( Foxy-T ) Music: Solo accoustic set from Sweetie (Angular Records) DJ sets from Tom Hirst and Andrew Perry Donations welcome Entry via RSVP only: rsvp3am@hotmail.com

 Still waiting for that 3AM revamp? Is it just me or is urlLink Rachel Cooke's review of the much talked about biography of BS Johnson in The Observer woefully tame and pedestrian? Given what she had to work with, she barely says anything. Despite the presence of urlLink McCrum on its pages, the Observer 's book reviews section is but an anti-climax to the weekend's reading of the papers. Step aside Young British Authors -- urlLink the best of Britain's young poets ( urlLink apparently ). Hay-on-Wye and BookExpo are now over, leaving me to enjoy the urlLink Comica festival at the ICA and look forward to the Clerkenwell Literary Festival starting July 9.

 Maybe we should get out more The only thing worse than not being at Hay is urlLink blogging about Hay . Unlike the rest of the blogosphere, we're not at BookExpo either. But we were able to soak up this pollen-infested day in London with reviews of the urlLink BS Johnson biography and a personal examination of urlLink what BritArt means . I loved the conclusion to the latter: "Ten years ago, blood heads and penis mannequins and Myra Hindley made of children's handprints seemed to say it all about our culture. But now, consumerism and Holly Valance and the sheer mind-blinding horror of a planet inhabited by people who look and talk like they're in a L'Oreal ad (all the time) has triumphed totally and utterly and forever. Britart fought the good fight, but lost, and like it or not, we now all live in an episode of Hollyoaks." He's right. Seven years of New Labour (we should have known, given the use of a D:Ream song as their campaign theme) has rendered London (I don't know about the rest of the country, it's probably much worse there, I daren't find out) into a cardboard cut-out designer socialist utopia of bland chain bars, ringtones and reality TV. New Labour's strategy is to make it difficult for themselves to disagree with any of the alternatives - authoritarian Cabinet ministers can point to their radical chic days in the 60s and 70s, junior ministers can show you photos of themselves working at law centres for the poor of Islington in the 80s - just so long as you accept that while it was cool, it's in the past. Because of the Tory media we have to allow ourselves be enslaved to, all we can offer people is the chance to buy into an estate agent's (probably driven around in a Mini Cooper with faux graffiti on the side) dream. London is fat, complacent and ultimately dull. Only Norman Foster architecture can save us it seems.

 Dubversives As with urlLink Hay-on-Wye , 3AM is sadly absent from the urlLink BookExpo 2004 , which is amply urlLink covered across the urlLink literary blogosphere at urlLink the moment , thank you very much. In today's urlLink 3AM you can read urlLink George Berger 's latest battle against the mean streets of the nation's capital and music journalist urlLink Paul Gorman 's take on the recent Vivienne Westwood exhibition.

 Happiness in magazines You would think that the urlLink news of the Booker Prize launching a global off-shoot would be met with shrieks of protest from former Booker judging chair Professor Lisa Jardine, who once fatuously declared that "the Booker will become as British an institution as English muffins in American supermarkets" . Apparently not, as it's "a good thing - a real innovation... It means writers like Gabriel Garcia Marquez or Orhan Parmuk could be rewarded." Now that's pragmatism for you. Andrew O'Hagan sits down with a urlLink coffee table's worth of lad mags and declares that: "Britain's news-stands are heaving with magazines devoted to the rough magic of being a bloke. On first sight you think they are what my friends used to call scud mags; the girls who adorn the covers - legs wide, breasts atumble, nipples fit for pegging a couple of wet dufflecoats on - tend to be among the nearly famous, a tribe of models admired by laddish editors for their friendly shagability and the hunger in their eyes. The market for male 'general interest' magazines has grown massively in the UK, as if young men suddenly needed to be celebrated and serviced in a new way, as if there were a new demand among them for reassurance about the wonders of male normalcy. They look for all this in the way people like Tony Parsons have taught them, in a spirit of soft-core irony and hard-core sentiment. But apart from reassurance and a sort of avenging pride, what are these magazines selling to their readers? With their grisly combinations of sensitivity and debasement - 'How to Bathe Your New Baby' v. 'Win the Chance to Pole-Dance with Pamela!' - it may be time to consider whether these men's magazines aren't just the latest enlargement on the old fantasy of men having everything they want to have and finding a way to call it their destiny." The genre is obviously doing better than the style mag sector, as Jockey Slut and Sleaze 's parent company has folded, leaving urlLink Dazed and Confused and urlLink Wallpaper to slug it out for the title of undisputed house magazine of the Hoxton clone (c/o urlLink Voltage ). This week's Time Out is guest-edited by novelist Jake Arnott, who devotes the issue to 'Underground London': " Time Out had its roots in the underground press of the '60s and '70s, and when I was asked to guest edit this issue, I wanted to look at where the tradition of dissent is today, maybe provoking something of a revival in its spirit. Now is as good a time as any - the false consensus of New Labour has fallen apart and protest is in the air once more." A brief flick through the magazine demonstrates quite amply that Time Out 's 'roots' mean jack shit today. I guess it's all about co-opting radical edges and hip, a bit like that 'false consensus'... urlLink Jenny Colgan is told by the Hay Festival organisers that she's "not classy enough" for them. She's more than welcome to speak at our Summer event, A Riot of Our Own , at the urlLink Stuckist Gallery , 3 Charlotte Road, Hoxton London EC2 on July 3rd (our Paris event has been deferred until September now...). Our first confirmed speaker is urlLink Colin McCabe with more to be announced. Myself and Tom Hirst will be responsible for tomfoolery on the wheels of steel.

 Imbibe to inscribe urlLink Rake's Progress on top form yesterday, donating a little commentary to Joe Bloggs' own 20 Questions feature. Mr Rake urlLink goes on in his Critique de la Vie Quotidienne to mention a Writer's Digest survey on the drinking habits of writers, the questions being: 1. "How would you describe your own drinking habits? -----Light -----Medium -----Heavy -----Other?" 2. "When you feel like having a few drinks, what do you usually have?" 3. "Any favorite hangouts for drinking?" 4. "Favorite drinking companions?" 5. "Heaviest drinkers/writers that you know--or have known--of?" 6. "Do you see any affinity between hard drinking and the writing life? Explain." Seems like a good enough exercise to me -- maybe a Joe Bloggs regular feature in the making there. I have officially designated June as my month on the wagon though -- an admission that will no doubt cause wry amusement with Andrew Gallix, who often observes that if I drank less the other 11 months of the year I wouldn't need one month off. There's films I need to watch, bank balances to be restored, waistlines to be receded and wellbeing to be considered though. I managed to sit and drink Coke all night the other evening so I seem to be doing OK. Yes Andrew, just keep telling yourself that. Anyhow, Rake's Progress , hard drinking and the literary life -- reminds me of the comments urlLink Matthew Collings made at our Xmas Bash last year about being fed up with drunken literary sorts. There's a book in that, I tell you. If I stay sober long enough I might even be able to write it.

 urlLink

 The irony of it all Oh how me and Kate Ahl laughed when we saw that urlLink Alain de Botton was sat at the next table to us in the urlLink ICA bar last night . It seems no matter where you are in London, you're always no more than five feet away from a 3AM interviewee...

 urlLink

 The return of Jake Purbright The urlLink Underground Literary Alliance ( 3AM interview urlLink here ) reprinted a blog entry of mine from last month urlLink in its entirety on their site yesterday.

 They don't call it The Grauniad for nothing According to this weekend's Observer : - Brazil urlLink ceased to be a military dictatorship in the mid-70s - the good people of Hartlepool only urlLink "nearly" elected a monkey as Mayor in 2002 - Colin Wilson's The Outsider is urlLink a "novel" apparently The article from the magazine isn't online and the online version of that Colin Wilson piece differs from the print version... but you get the point. Their fact-checkers must be on strike or vacation.

 urlLink Glitch There's a temporary technical problem with MP3AM at the moment, it should be back and kicking in about 48 hours. I know, I know. Guillaume

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink So that's what they mean by joined-up government: urban art takes urlLink a turn for the worse in Birmingham. urlLink French idlers : "Those who dedicate their professional lives to idleness should do so with discretion if they hope to keep their jobs. This is one useful message in Hello Laziness - The Art and the Importance of Doing the Least Possible at the Workplace, an anarchic anti-business bible published in France. It is advice the author, Corinne Maier, a senior economist at Electricit de France, failed to follow. She faces a disciplinary hearing next month, accused of attempting to "rot the system from within". The book , Bonjour Paresse (a nod to Franoise Sagan's 50s novel, Bonjour Tristesse or Hello Sadness ), pledges to explain why it is in your interest to do the least work possible and will tell you how to damage the system from within "without appearing to do so"." urlLink Two reviews of urlLink Germaine Greer 's titillation-free Whitefella Jump Up . The Parisian lesbian haut monde in urlLink Diana Souhami 's Wild Girls .

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink urlLink Obituaries for veteran journalist urlLink Paul Foot , who died last week. We'll do you a swap: urlLink Slate is for sale . After urlLink 'Liberals for Bush' , urlLink 'Conservatives for Kerry' (non-UK readers urlLink click here ). We like urlLink the sound of urlLink n+1 magazine. The urlLink closure of Tempelhof Airport in Berlin. More from the world of urlLink Japanese comics . A Philip Hensher-captained team from the urlLink Royal Society of Literature lose by a mere five points to Astronomers from urlLink Jodrell Bank Observatory on urlLink University Challenge - The Professionals . The Story of O comes in for urlLink a timely assessment at 50: "But beyond its merits as a literary work, its merits or limits as pornography, there lies the paradox that this incendiary book was written by a woman who wore little make-up and no jewellery, who dressed with quiet elegance, who lived out a polite, bluestocking existence in a small flat with her parents and son. Beneath this unlikely exterior raged terrible passions. In the end, the most instructive aspect of the book is that it demonstrates the demoniac nature of sexuality in any or all of us. This quiet, learned woman understood the power of sex. She knew that desire can ignite compulsions to commit sudden, arbitrary violence and induce a yearning for voluptuous, annihilating death."

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink Fast Show creator and erstwhile post-punk frontman urlLink Charlie Higson 's anti-review of McSweeney's 13 . Julian Evans in Prospect on urlLink Europe's lost writers : "What went wrong in the old world? I fed, from inky school bench onwards, on Maupassant, Flaubert, Zola, Cline, Sartre, Camus, Proust; my youthful spirit was bottled in the poetry of Nerval, Baudelaire and Valery Larbaud. It was French literature that represented the greatest of the continent; and it was France's decline that occluded our interest in Europe. But wait: isn't the idea that French fiction declined merely a figment of British ignorance? Surely the French would declare the reverse - that the novel advanced on the continent while Britain got caught in a formal cul- de-sac. The nouveau roman - exploring a subjective, randomised world of objects and sensations - dismissed the narrative novel's "dubious relationship" with the world." urlLink David Foster Wallace takes up comedy (also urlLink here ). urlLink London Studies and Nick Cohen's urlLink scathing attack on the modernisers of New Labour in The Guardian . And they'd know: urlLink Polish film critics dismiss Fahrenheit 9/11 as totalitarian propaganda. urlLink On admiring James Wood and urlLink the virtues of the English gentleman in the TLS (for an opposing view on the latter, urlLink read here ). Philip Hensher's The Fit in urlLink The Independent and urlLink The Guardian . urlLink Class warfare , urlLink not to everyone's taste .

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink For information only now, the urlLink Literary London Conference (held 16/17 July), which included urlLink a paper by urlLink James Blogwell on London literary blogs as a continuum of the Grub Street tradition. Fascinating stuff. The urlLink Port Eliot Lit Fest will be held 30 July through 1 August and features, inter alia , Iain Sinclair, Hari Kunzru, urlLink Alain de Botton , Helen Walsh, urlLink Toby Litt , Colin Wilson, Geoff Dyer, Anita Pallenberg and urlLink Stewart Home .

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink The urlLink LNR Books Diary on what they deem to be urlLink "the worst article on books in the history of the world" (caution: it counsels that novels are ordinarily for nerds): "But I can't stop quoting, because then the author introduces a third strain of badness, even absent 'neoliterati'. This we shall call 'perverse, ill-informed and confusing illustration'. Why are they reading a first edition? A first-edition paperback? What does that mean? Is it valuable? If so, why are they reading it on the tube? Wouldn't a normal reading copy make more sense? Which Anthony Burgess novel?" The piece centres on urlLink Gwendoline Riley as the figurehead of this new literary movement, with urlLink Zembla as its house journal apparently. The death of urlLink Sacha Distel , aged 71. urlLink Paul Kingsnorth on yet another urlLink new protest movement . urlLink All change at the urlLink ICA .

 New at 3AM Jake Purbright urlLink reviews Radio 4's recent gig at 93 Feet East in London.&nbsp; Guillaume Destot inaugurates his new urlLink online 3AM radio feature (sort of).&nbsp; New urlLink Buzzwords column by M Gallix.

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens The Bell Jar for Generation X, Elizabeth Wurtzel's Prozac Nation , urlLink in The Observer today : "At 10 years' distance, Prozac Nation remains - and this is not intended as criticism - a strikingly adolescent read. It contains absurdly showy lines such as 'Maybe what I really need is some Thoreau.' Moreover, it is stuffed with aphorisms founded on the kind of dogmatic certainty that adulthood perhaps erodes: 'There are two kind of dysfunctional families: those who don't talk enough, and those who talk too much'; 'If you feel everything intensely, ultimately you feel nothing at all'; 'Insanity is knowing that what you're doing is completely idiotic, but somehow you just can't stop it.' " The Guardian urlLink feature short stories from the likes of Jonathan Safran Foer and Hanif Kureishi. Moral outrage on London's streets -- urlLink indecent sculpture attracts the attention of the authorities. urlLink Caryl Phillips on Colin McInnes: "Today, Britain remains the most multiracial of European countries, and London is Europe's most multicultural and racially diverse city. More than 300 different languages are spoken daily in London schools, yet, if we look at contemporary British literature, some of the absences of the 1950s continue today. Then and now, black writers addressed British life, and naturally enough these writers included black characters in their work. Perhaps Samuel Selvon's The Lonely Londoners (1956) is the best example of a 50s novel that tackles the problems of race and class that bedevilled British society at the time. But writers such as George Lamming and VS Naipaul also wrote about race, class and British society, as did Africans, most memorably Wole Soyinka in his poem "The Immigrant". Like their successors in Britain today - Ben Okri, Hanif Kureishi - these writers wrote and write about contemporary Britain with eyes that take in not only black people, but white people too. The lack of any reciprocal imagining on the part of white British writers is puzzling." Sean Walsh of the urlLink LNR Books Diary becomes the latest litblogger to suffer at the hands of Zembla 's new site. The Spectator is back on young fogeyish form with its diatribe against 'rock and roll', urlLink having taken 50 years to notice it , apparently: "...with its manufactured sense of outrage, juvenile emotionalism, bogus egalitarianism and grotesque sentimentality, pop lacks the capacity to express any feelings other than the most basic; that by trying to be rebellious in some inchoate, lets-goad-the-parents sort of way, it has turned out a succession of illiterate chumps who are more conformist than the establishment figures they find it daring to mock. How else does one account for those oafish lumpenproletarians, Oasis, who appear to have walked out of a Theodore Dalrymple column?" urlLink Irvine Welsh shares urlLink his outlook on life . urlLink The Literary Saloon on BS Johnson , citing urlLink Nicholas Lezard's defence of the much-talked-about literary figure against Giles Coren's tiresome review in The Times recently: "I dwell on Coren's review because it typifies the kind of smirking philistinism that makes this country far more of a cultural desert than it needs to be, and may well have been one of the factors that drove Johnson to slit his wrists in a hot bath at the age of 40." The world of urlLink Manga comics in The Times . (Andrew Gallix is on vacation).

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens Coincidence? I don't think so... June 2004, Andrew O'Hagan publishes urlLink his celebrated piece on lad mags in the LRB . July 2004, Jack magazine urlLink goes under , joining The Face and Sleaze Nation in publishing Valhalla. urlLink Arthur 'Killer' Kane , previously (and also lately) bassist with the New York Dolls, dead at 55. The new rock and roll? urlLink Zembla gets some urlLink favourable press in urlLink the US , claiming that Zadie Smith and urlLink Gwendoline Riley are "taking on rock-star status among the in-the-know elite" . The new Jack perhaps? TLS is the latest publication to urlLink succumb to Britain's on-going Brazil fetish (my girlfriend's from Sao Paulo, you know). Jonathan Ames at urlLink nerve.com . urlLink Guerilla-gigging along with poet Benjamin Zephaniah on urlLink Trojan Records in The Guardian . New Puritan author Nicholas Blincoe on urlLink Madchester in The Independent .

 3AM Update Good friend of 3AM Magazine (and my flatmate until next month), urlLink Maggie Fortune , has announced&nbsp;the resumption of&nbsp;her once regular and now missed spoken word night in East London, following the completion of her teaching training degree.&nbsp; Buy Maggie (real name Faye) a drink on the 3rd of August, details below: &nbsp; Maggie Fortune Presents... A spoken word night + DJs TUESDAY 3RD AUGUST. At Indo.&nbsp; 133 Whitechapel Road.&nbsp; E1. 8pm. Free entry. Nearest tubes: Whitechapel / Aldgate East. Buses: 25, 205, 254, 106.

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens But is it literature ? The Diary of a C-List Celeb is urlLink launched at London's Soho House. The Somerset Maugham-winning urlLink Two Kinds of Silence . urlLink Welsh language activism . urlLink Pop architecture . Ater Palahniuk: urlLink hijack-lit . Apathy a thing of the past: urlLink sex for votes ?

 The Clerkenwell Literary Festival From today's urlLink Evening Standard 'Londoner's Diary': "CLERKENWELL Literary Festival's Community and Family day went down a storm - with one exception. Writer and broadcaster Janet Street-Porter was so disturbed by the fracas taking place near her house in St James's Church that she called the police. "Evidently Janet did not have much sleep on Sunday afternoon and she came down and started swearing," lit fest organiser Victoria Hull tells me. "There was also a set by singer Louis Elliot and there was also a very loud seven-year-old on the trumpet so perhaps that was what she objected to. The police came but they were fine as we had already cleared the event with them." JS-P, who was the pioneer of Yoof TV in the 1980s is unrepentant. "The organisers had gone on longer than their licence," she insists. "That's why the police were involved.""

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink Robert McCrum to join the urlLink Underground Literary Alliance ? (or at least the urlLink New Puritans ) We saw Fahrenheit 9/11 this weekend and so did urlLink Mark Kermode . Like something from a urlLink Tony Parsons book : media type (44), leaves fellow media type wife (42) for girl half his age (22), wife runs to urlLink nearest media outfit and slams his "flabby fucking beer belly" . Can't do urlLink his own Parsons-esque (sorry, 'lad-lit') book any harm though, released in paperback tomorrow. Looking for the urlLink New Hoxton ? You'll have to go to the other end of the urlLink East London Line to find it. Have fun with urlLink the random leftist missive generator .

 Turning rebellion into money Sean O'Hagan on the commodification of urlLink Che Guevara . Here's film producer Paul Webster says: "'No. There is no myth around Castro. Che was young and beautiful, and that, as much as all that happened later, is what underpins the myth. Paul Newman once said, "If I'd been born with brown eyes, I wouldn't be a film star." Well, if Che hadn't been born so good-looking, he wouldn't be a mythical revolutionary.'" Here's another extract: "'The image of Che was just so right for the time,' says liberal American writer Lawrence Osborne, whose critique of Guevara appeared recently in the New York Observer. 'Che was the revolutionary as rock star. Korda, as a fashion photographer, sensed that instinctively, and caught it. Before then, the Nazis were the only political movement to understand the power of glamour and sexual charisma, and exploit it. The Communists never got it. Then you have the Cuban revolution, and into this void come these macho guys with their straggly hair and beards and big-dick glamour, and suddenly Norman Mailer and all the radi cal chic crowd are creaming their jeans. Che had them in the palm of his hand, and he knew it. What he didn't know, of course, was how much that image would define him.'"

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink urlLink Ready Steady Book joins us, urlLink Splinters and the urlLink LNR Books Diary in the lonely world of British litblogging. The urlLink return of Police Academy ? The Iron Chancellor's urlLink book-reading habits . The urlLink decline of American readership. Crimes urlLink against grammar (and the official recognition of 3AM friend urlLink Mark Simpson 's 'metrosexual'). urlLink Tracey Emin in Paris.

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens British intellectuals in urlLink "not oxymoron" claim (he's right, you know): "Many British people instinctively feel that we don't have intellectuals. Intellectuals are tousle-haired people sitting in cafes, smoking Gauloises and talking about Being and Nothingness. In short, they're French. Here, if someone describes someone else as "an intellectual" you can usually hear the ironic quotation marks buzzing round the epithet like wasps. Or they'll say, "he's a bit of an intellectual". "British intellectual" is taken almost for an oxymoron, like "military intelligence" or "honest politician". Most other European countries have a social group they call the intelligentsia, or simply "intellectuals". In Britain, we say "the chattering classes". This label was, of course, itself invented by members of our chattering classes (ie intelligentsia), thus illustrating how British irony has a habit of disappearing up its own rear end." Philip Hensher on urlLink the joy of index . The urlLink Clerkenwell Literary Festival opens today. Nicholas Blincoe urlLink on drugs (in literature, of course). urlLink More on urlLink Vincent Gallo the Republican . Don't tell John Sutherland, it's the urlLink teen tribes of London .

 urlLink The Missing links - Gallix A urlLink story by urlLink Steve Almond . James Joyce 's urlLink saucy love letters . The urlLink Guardian on America's urlLink conservative punks . The urlLink Others play a urlLink guerrilla gig at the BBC.

 New at 3AM Magazine Author of One No, Many Yeses urlLink Paul Kingsnorth is interviewed. There's fiction from urlLink Van Scott , urlLink Didi Menendez and urlLink Darien Cavanaugh , and urban commentary from New York by urlLink Rick Monaco . And, of course, urlLink Buzzwords .

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink Colin MacCabe on Ulysses . urlLink More attacks on urlLink Michael Moore . Last tango in Paris: the world pays urlLink tribute to Marlon Brando, 1924-2004. Hari Kunzru's Transmission urlLink reviewed by Charles Shaar Murray in The Independent and the French Left urlLink don't appreciate the Harry Potter phenomenon. David Toop's urlLink new book . Franz Ferdinand frontman Alex Kapranos' urlLink blog (or urlLink is it? ). You want it? She's got it: urlLink "The Kings of Leon slam English women" ! Anyone for urlLink fake DIY ?

 urlLink The Missing Links - Gallix Check out urlLink Joe Ambrose in the latest issue of urlLink Pulp.net . The urlLink "Wrapped Up in Books" game. Summer reads from urlLink Village Voice and the urlLink Observer . urlLink Laurence Rmila and Patrick Eudeline . The unfortunate invention of urlLink world music . On the urlLink meaning of Englishness . An interview with urlLink Joyce Johnson about the Beat generation and missing fathers. urlLink Peter Ackroyd profiled. The urlLink war of the commas . The missing urlLink female intellectuals . An excellent interview with urlLink Philip Hensher , the self-styled "big girlie poof who wants to get married and settle down for ever in a nice, quiet suburb" : "'I would love to say Queer As Folk was an exaggeration,' he said, 'but it's exactly how a lot of gay men live their lives, particularly in London, living life with the brakes off and non-propagating all over the place, because without the trappings of a conventional relationship, where's the restraint?" urlLink Pete Doherty , the urlLink "dark star of rock" , is chucked out of The Libertines and talks about his urlLink "demons" and urlLink "drugs hell" . urlLink Glastonbury pix. urlLink Penguins ! urlLink Mark Simpson , who made a brief appearance at urlLink 3AM's London event , on London's "bigger, fluffier, oilier than ever" urlLink Pride march . The currently-ubiquitous urlLink Philip Hensher talks about Gay Pride's transformation into the "'gay Christmas'; an excuse to get merry without really thinking about the principles which started it" . Can you urlLink help this young woman with her homework ? urlLink The Idler 's urlLink Tom Hodgkinson reviews Madeleine Bunting's urlLink Willing Slaves: How the Overwork Culture Is Ruining Our Lives : "One coercive technique used by employers to make willing slaves of us, says Bunting, is the "brand". Big companies use concepts such as brand loyalty and "teamwork" to give the illusion that the company is bringing some sort of meaning into people's lives; meaning that was once provided by church and community. Thus they hang on to their staff. Brands cleverly use inspirational slogans to convince their employees they are on some sort of mission and not merely underpaid and exploited profit-creators for a handful of fat cats. Words such as "passion" and "commitment" are bandied around. Asda, for example, encourages its employees to believe they are lucky to be part of a caring family. Managers look for cheerful souls, team players. And woe betide anyone who doesn't join in. . . . So if it is true that work is a gigantic con trick that we are now waking up to, the question remains: if we dismantle the job system, then what do we replace it with? How do we live? One answer is to live well on less. If we do not desire the panoply of products that are sold to us each day, then we will not have such a voracious appetite for money. Less money means less work. Less work means more freedom to do our own work or do what we want to do" (Hodgkinson's How To Be Idle comes out in August). Zadie Smith 's advice to young people in The Idler 's urlLink ladies of leisure issue: "Make sure the lubricant is unscented. Don't join fashionable 'schools of thought'. Read everything" (via urlLink Rake's Progress ). urlLink Bill Drummond to launch his new urlLink project at the urlLink Clerkenwell Literary Festival on 14 July. Introducing the urlLink walking foetus .

 urlLink 3AM Update The urlLink 3AM Magazine summer shindig, A Riot of Our Own , was held at the urlLink Stuckist Gallery in Shoreditch, East London last night. The event also included the awarding of the inaugural 3AM Good Sex Prize, won by Mounsi's The Demented Dance ( urlLink Black Amber , 2003). Mounsi's reading was interpreted from the French by his agent, urlLink Georgia de Chamberet (also editor of XCiTs: the Flamingo Book of New French Writing ). Readings also took place from Tony White, Clive Murphy and Colin MacCabe, while The Fucks and Mark Sampson provided acoustic entertainment. In addition to Mounsi, urlLink Tony White was also shortlisted for the prize for his novel urlLink Foxy-T , which like The Demented Dance was published to acclaim last year and deals with complex issues of ethnicity among the marginalised youth in the inner city of a nation's capital (Paris and London respectively). For that reason alone it was worthwhile to see the authors discuss each other's work and reflect on the overlaps.

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens Tom Idler in urlLink The Guardian on Madeleine Bunting's Willing Slaves (Tom's urlLink How to Be Idle is out next month, along with urlLink Crap Jobs and urlLink Crap Towns II also from The Idler stable later this year). The Guardian also profiles urlLink Peter Ackroyd and urlLink Philip Hensher today. The urlLink Hackney Lookout blog. The new urlLink Friday Project site from the former editor of the urlLink London News Review . The late urlLink Auberon Waugh on urlLink why the Literary Review never had a Good Sex Prize. The Telegraph 's Sam Leith urlLink reviews the McSweeney's comics issue. The Guardian urlLink contemplate women omitted from the Prospect urlLink list of Top 100 Public Intellectuals . The Rough Trade Indie Pop urlLink box set . The urlLink pitfalls of online journalism according to urlLink Adam L.Penenberg .

 urlLink The Missing Links - Stevens Alex Garland's The Coma in urlLink The Telegraph and urlLink The Times . Grits author Niall Griffiths urlLink profiled . Hackney crowned epicentre of urlLink BritArt and urlLink most deprived borough in Britain. urlLink Spiritualized to play the urlLink Heroes and Villains festival at the urlLink South Bank in London on August 1. urlLink A Year in the Merde becomes urlLink something of a success story . A urlLink profile of Richard Eoin Nash , Publisher of friends of 3AM urlLink Soft Skull Press over in the states (the article mentions urlLink Drench Kiss , a new venture by Soft Skull founder urlLink Sander Hicks and former 3AM co-editor Charles Shaw). The Sleazoid Express urlLink website . The urlLink Kultureflash weekly email mentions the forthcoming (July 3) 3AM event at the urlLink Stuckist gallery in Shoreditch: "3am magazine has been on the go since 2000 and is showing no signs of blear. For the uninitiated, it's an e-journal that dips its snout in the trough of quotidian life and comes out with factual and fictional accounts filed under regular headings such as "Fat Man on the Left", "Fetish Alphabet" and "Parisianism For Beginners" that are worth the truffle hunt. Eclectic and odd, 3am tells us what the zeitgeist is while it still sounds like a foreign language. The magazine's Summer Shindig this year is at the Stuckist Gallery, another home to admirable artists of great conviction whose metier still leaves us a little confused. The event is billed as "a literary event with turntables or turning the tables on literary events" and boasts a fine line-up in word and music. Readers include Godard aficionado Colin McCabe and the man who coined the term "metrosexual", Mark Simpson, whose latest offering, Saint Morrissey , was put together without any primary research whatsoever but with the devotion of a dyed-in-the-wool fan. Mark Sampson, Sweetie and The F*!ks of Angular Records are playing acoustic sets and there are DJs to boot. In keeping with the smoke and mirrors mystery of the affair, entry is free, but you must rsvp to attend."

 New at 3AM Magazine A minimal urlLink Buzzwords . Richard Marshall urlLink interviews Frank Chickens , the cult Japanese band who paved the way for Shonen Knife and the 5,6,7,8's. Smoke magazine's Jude Rogers makes her debut as Music Co-Editor for 3AM with urlLink a review of a recent Belle and Sebastian concert .

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink It may be in Portuguese, but urlLink Biff Bang Pop (PDF) is well worth looking at. One of my favourite books of late, Nic Kelman's urlLink Girls reviewed at the Telegraph . Pedant's paradise: urlLink Ben Schott in Food and Wine (hat-tip: urlLink Bookslut ). Murakami on urlLink Maud Newton (as in she talks about him, not him talking about her). Mackem goes urlLink post-punk with The Futureheads. Nick Nick: Nicholas Blincoe's urlLink Burning Paris reviewed and urlLink Nicholas Royale 's Antwerp . More urlLink web gimmickry to sell books. Former Conservative minister turned literary critic urlLink George Walden reviews DFW's Oblivion . Myself and Andrew Gallix are to write a new 'Eurolit' column for urlLink Web Del Sol , 'Europe Endless' (always nice to get a Kraftwerk reference in somewhere).

 Update Hurray! urlLink MP3AM functions again.

 The Missing Links - Stevens urlLink Woody Allen urlLink to direct a Britart film ? More on Corinne Maier's urlLink ode to vocational subversion , Bonjour Paresse . Was there anything wrong with the old one? The urlLink movement for a New Urbanism takes off in the UK. Joe Sacco's The Fixer urlLink reviewed . That warts and all Libertines rock biography urlLink comes a step closer , just needs a modern-day Lester Bangs to pen it. Philip Dodd of the ICA urlLink reckons British cultural life is on the wane . Boyd Tonkin on urlLink literary provincialism and under-reported French fiction . The by now urlLink obligatory Dave Eggers feature in The Guardian this week (he reckons their readers are "a well-informed bunch, left-leaning and perhaps outright Marxist" ). An almost urlLink equally routine feature on Chuck Palahniuk in there too. urlLink JG Ballard should be in there more, regularly is not enough. Chuck P urlLink makes The Independent also. The latest denunciation of the controversial urlLink The Likes of Us (whose author is definitely not well-informed, left-leaning or vaguely Marxist, a bit proletarian maybe...). The Times launch two new online-only columns, urlLink 'Slices of London' and urlLink 'Single in the City' . urlLink This guy won't be enamoured by either but as long as urlLink this guy is kept away from both I'll be content.

 Guns don't kill people... See who does urlLink here .

