 This is funny: Dear Abby, My boyfriend is not happy with my mood swings. The other day, he bought me a mood ring so he would be able to monitor my moods. When I'm in a good mood it turns green. When I'm in a bad mood it leaves a big red mark on his forehead. Maybe next time he'll buy me a diamond. Sincerely, Bitchy in Boston

 you set up your place in my thoughts moved in and made my thinking crowded -indigo girls in "mystery"

 This weekend was fabulous. A quick run-down for you, so you too feel included in my life: FRIDAY we ate dinner at Greg's parents' house, which was delicious as always. Then we came home and played euchre with our friends Noah and Danette. I say friends, and they are, but we are just getting to know them. SATURDAY I wanted to sleep in, but woke up at 7:30 a.m., as I have already mentioned. That afternoon we had an open house for Greg at his law office. Lots of people came by. I wasn't sure what to expect. The highlight was Rod and Corbitt -- some of our friends from Lexington -- surprised and came to the open house. His parents live in Kuttawa, so they made a weekend out of it. So, after the open house we ate at Cracker Barrel with them. It was so good to catch up with them. Then we left Murray about 8:30 p.m. for Louisville. We got to Louisville after 1 a.m. that time and went to bed. SUNDAY I went to a baby shower for Laine. It was alright, but I really enjoyed seeing my mom and Cassie. I also went shopping at Kohl's and found my new favorite pants and long-sleeved T-shirt. We got back to Murray about 9:30 last night -- that's 25 hours after we left. The trip was much too quick and I wanted to stay at my parents' house longer. Good thing we're going back in two weeks for Thanksgiving. I'm not a baby, I just appreciate my family more now that I don't live there. Oh, and my mom cooked me some of her fabulous chili to bring back. We ate it for dinner tonight. Yummy. OK, more than you want to know about my life. I know. Kevin and Laine are really naming their baby girl Milla. (That's ME-LA.) It's Hawaiian for "loved by all," or something like that. Her middle name is going to be Eve. Milla Eve Hill. I guess it will grow on me. Anglea and Charles are naming their baby boy Elijah William Taylor, which is so much more traditional. Those names in themselves define the differences between my family and Greg's. Oh, well, what kind of world would this be if we were all the same? Alright, I'm totally procrastinating. I have this huge freelance project about Paducah due at the end of the month. I still have a ton to write, and yet I sit here playing on the Internet and writing in my journal. OK, I better get a few more paragraphs finished. CSI: Miami comes on in 15 minutes.

 While waking up at 7:30 a.m. is considered sleeping in compared to my normal weekday alarm of 5:45 a.m., it's still entirely too early to get up on the weekends. OK, so I went to sleep at 10:30 p.m., but I should still get to sleep in later.

 Journalists are destined to have carpal tunnel syndrome and poor eye sight. Computers are efficient, but sometimes it gets old looking at the screen. I'm probably only saying that because not only have I been writing and reporting at work, but I've been working on a freelance project for Turner Publishing in Paducah. I'm suppose to have 100 pages about Paducah's commerce and such finished by the end of the month. I've written 32 pages, I think. I guess that's progress, but I wished I had more finished. It's harder than my real job because I don't have as much time to work on it, especially calling people. Some of these people I'm suppose to talk to are next-to-impossible to in touch with. I like lists. So, here's a list of some things I've been thinking about: --Change is inevitable. --Friends are meant to be forever, but sometimes we, as humans, let circumstances dictate otherwise. --God is bigger and mightier than any detail in my life. --Perfection is impossible, yet I keep trying. --Sometimes emotions seep in where they don't belong. --Words mean more than people sometimes mean for them to mean. But, still, actions speak louder.

 "Ed" is a funny show. My mom tells me Ed's character reminds her of Greg. I think that's an alright observation. The even funnier part is the other night our friend Laura told Greg that Ed reminded her of him. I think it's the silliness and the ability to enjoy the simple things in life. And, well, of course, the fact he's a lawyer. How cool would it be if Greg had his law office in a bowling alley? That would be fun. But I bet he wouldn't get much work done. Today I covered a meeting in the Curris Center. The meeting itself was incredibly boring, but I like going to the Curris Center -- that's the student center at Murray State -- because brings back good memories. Lots of good conversations with Greg and other college friends. Fun lunches in the cafeteria there. Yet at the same time, I am so glad they are memories and that I'm not in college anymore. Plus I can buy my favorite jelly beans there. On a random note, I am so ready for UK basketball season to really get started.

 I just re-read a lot of my online journal, which I started in August 2001. It's crazy all that has changed since then, and it's funny how much I talk about change. There are these lessons I know I'm suppose to learn, but have to be taught over and over again, and accepting change is definitely one of the them. The biggest thing for me right now is that I open myself up to change, specifically not being so anal about everything. There are times I should strive for perfection, but there are many more times I should be blessed by change and all it involves, including relaxing and take life as it comes. God is mightier than anything I know or do. I really need to rest in the fact life is life and I am not in control. On that note, it's sad to me how caught up people get in work and routine, not leaving much time for people. I talk about how I only have two friends. But in this disappointing sense it is true. I have friends all over the country, but it seems more often than not we make excuses about not calling or slacking with the emails. OK, I haven't commented on here about the election. Go Republicans! I say that like it is a ball game. But Ernie Fletcher is Kentucky's next governor, and the first Republican to do so in 32 years. That's a long time of one party at the top. But I did vote for two Democrats, the first time I haven't voted a straight-party ticket. Whatever that is worth.

 I really thought UK would win. Even in the sixth overtime when the Wildcats scored first, I thought they would win. What a game, though. Too bad Arkansas won in seven overtimes. Grocery shopping isn't my favorite chore. But I went to Kroger a little after 1 a.m. after I finished putting the paper out Friday night, well, uh, Saturday morning. It was a great time to grocery shop. All the workers stocking the shelves wanted to chat. I was the only person shopping then. The only downfall was having to put the groceries away when I got home about 1:30 a.m.

 I survived my first Christmas NOT at my parents' house. It was strange, but I had a good time with the Taylors on Christmas Eve and Day. Then we spent the weekend at my parents' house. AND I get to go again Wednesday and Thursday. My dad, a hardcore UK fan, said Rick Pitino is the best college basketball coach ever. I'm not sure about that, but he did or said something right yesterday. And the Wildcats helped by playing lazy and missing shots.

 The randomness that is my life: --Greg and I have been to five Christmas dinners or parties in that past 10 days and we have at least three to go. The most random was the Murray Fire Department dinner. I was invited because I cover the department as part of my city beat at work. Last night was the big Taylor Christmas party. There were about 40 people there. I could tell it was a Taylor function when we pulled up in the driveway because there were lots of Chevy vehicles -- especially Suburbans -- all backed in. For those of you who don't know, Greg's great-uncle is a Chevy dealer and all Taylor men back in parking places. --Jaclyn and I went to see "Mona Lisa Smile" yesterday afternoon. It wasn't as good as I was hoping, but a cute, fairly predictable moving. Greg and I watched "Something's Got to Give" earlier in the week, and it was funny. Jack Nicholason's character was great, actually all four man characters were. --I finished Christmas shopping today, unless I find Greg another stocking stuffer or two. --Kentucky had an impressive win over Indiana yesterday. --The Titans pulled out a win today. --Every day I realize I act more and more like my mother. Speaking of mom, I am really looking forward to going to visit my family next weekend. Then we'll come back so I can work for a few days and go back to Oldham County for New Year's Eve and Day. And we're going to the Austin Peay-Kentucky game in Louisville on Dec. 31.

 The Supreme Court ruled there cannot be a nativity scene in Washington, D.C., this Christmas. This isn't for any religious or constitutional reason, they simply have not been able to find three wise men and a virgin in the nation capitol. There was no problem however finding enough asses to fill the stable.

 I've had a good weekend and really wish it would last another day or two. FRIDAY night we hung out at Greg's parents' house and ate some fabulous potato soup. That's after I spent the majority of my work day covering the Murray State Board of Regents meeting. SATURDAY I slept in a little but not near as long as I would have liked then was productive wrapping Christmas presents and folding laundry before we watched the UK game. Um, a win is a win, but two points is cutting it close, especially after being up 23-6 early in the first half. Last night we went to southern Illinois to the Madrigal dinner, which included a play, at Shawnee Community College. My friend Sarah has written the scripts for the plays the last several years, so Greg and I went up there with Jaclyn and Bryan. We got to see Sarah and Kelly too, which was good. We went to the Madrigal dinner several times in college, so it was fun to do it again this year after not having been there for a few years. After dinner and the play, we all hung out at Sarah's parents' house, playing the name good. Good times. TODAY we went to Nashville for the Titans game. We had a good time and the weather was fabulous. Too bad the Titans lost by two. Too bad Justin McCareins fumbled the punt return with 50 seconds left after the Titans came close to having a come-from-behind victory. I know, close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades, and definitely not in football. Oh, and Murray State beat Western in double overtime in Bowling Green. That would have been a fun game to watch.

 "Love Actually" was clever, sad and funny -- all at the same time. It's theme -- love actually is all around -- is so true. The movie showed new relationships and old love. It was about passionate love that makes people do things they otherwise wouldn't do and about loyal love, despite the circumstances. It was about love being born and love dying. I loved all the different stories going on at the same time and how they all were loosely connected, just like in life. It was a little weird to have Hugh Grant as the prime minister of Britain, but he's funny and his character was fun to watch. I put the Christmas tree up last night and wrapped some presents. I was successful Christmas shopping in Louisville this weekend, but still have some to go. I love this time of the year, especially if the snow holds off. As much as I like flip flops and tank tops, I like sweaters, wool socks and corduroy pants, too.

 It's amazing how one moment can change your life. Wednesday afternoon I found out I have diabetes. I was at the doctor's office sort of for a check up when I found out. Then the doctor said she wanted to admit me to the hospital because my blood sugar level was outrageously high and my body was dehydrated. Basically, I was losing weight but ate a lot because I was hungry a lot and drank a lot because I was thirsty a lot. Turns out, my pancreas doesn't produce insulin and my body was burning fat because it couldn't properly break down sugar. I was scared, but ended up going. I was there until this afternoon, but realize it was for the best. I learned a lot about Type 1 diabetes and how I am going to have to be disciplined about how I eat and what I eat. I have to give myself insulin shots and check my blood sugar several times a day. And that seems like the easy part. I also have to balance the number of carbohydrates I eat at each meal. I know it will get easier, but it's sort of information overload at the moment. I know enough to life safely right now, but I'm going to take a two-day class in a couple of weeks so I can start learning more about this disease. The whole situation has made me think about a lot, and I had plenty of time to think in the hospital. First, we're complex beings. There's a lot going on inside of us, more than I will ever understand. Also, Greg and I had been talking recently about how we needed to eat better and learn about nutrition. Well, I guess I don't have much of a choice about that now. I probably can use a lesson in discipline, too. Unexpected situations, like being in the hospital, sure show who steps up to help. My mom came down for the day on Thursday, which really comforted me. The rest of my family called to check on me. Greg's family was so supportive and came to keep me company several times. Greg slept on an uncomfortable pull-out-chair-bed for me and brought me newspapers, ice water and anything else I wanted. Jaclyn brought me beautiful tulips and visited a couple of times. Michael came to visit a couple of times and listened to me freak out about the whole thing. Work sent flowers. Erin and Jodi sent flowers and Jodi called to check on me. The new church we've been going to sent flowers and the pastor stopped by. I felt loved, which was something I needed to get me past the emotional first stage of dealing with this. Maybe the best part of the whole thing: When I called Greg Wednesday afternoon just a few minutes after I found I have diabetes, crying, of course, he said, "It's OK, we'll change our lifestyle." He said, "we," and I was reminded I'm married to my best friend who is willing to live life with me, despite circumstances that may alter the course we thought we were on.

 Sometimes I wish Murray wasn't so far from Cincinnati, Louisville and Lexington, and even Boston, Mass. I miss my friends way too much. Sometimes I live my life in Murray with complete peace, and at other moments my heart is an emotional jumble because I want to be with the people who know be better than most everyone else. Usually those missing-my-friends-and-family moments are passing and prompt me to send an email, write a letter or make a phone call. But every now and then they build up, and emotions overflow, disrupting every clear thought I have.

 So Milla is the cutest baby ever. She has beautiful skin, long fingers and toes, pretty blue eyes and the most precious lips and nose. She likes to touch her face a lot and kept sleeping with her hands near her eyes. Kevin is adorable with her; she's going to be a daddy's girl for sure. I hate that I don't get to see her for three weeks. I got to see Cara and her Mexico pictures yesterday while we ate lunch at Panera Bread. I also talked to KatieKerns on the phone on the way back to Murray. Both were much-needed conversations to sort of refresh me. I was in a blah mood last week and needed a boost to my spirit. My friends and new niece sure did the trick. Here are some good quotes Lori forwarded me today: "If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you." -- Winnie the Pooh "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead.. Walk beside me and be my friend." -- Albert Camus "Strangers are just friends waiting to happen." -- Anonymous "I'll lean on you and you lean on me and we'll be okay." -- Dave Matthews "We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere." -- Tim McGraw Another e-mail forward: THINGS THAT IT TOOK ME OVER 48 YEARS TO LEARN by Dave Barry If you had to identify, in one word, the reason why the human race has not achieved, and never will achieve, its full potential, that word would be "meetings." You should not confuse your career with your life. Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance. Never lick a steak knife. The most destructive force in the universe is gossip. You will never find anybody who can give you a clear and compelling reason why we observe daylight savings time. You should never say anything to a woman that even remotely suggests that you think she's pregnant unless you can see an actual baby emerging from her at that moment. The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion, economic status or ethnic background, is that, deep down inside, we ALL believe that we are above average drivers. A person, who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person. (This is very important. Pay attention. It never fails.) Your friends love you anyway. Never be afraid to try something new. Remember that a lone amateur built the Ark. A large group of professionals built the Titanic. Men are like a fine wine. They start out as grapes, and it's up to women to stomp the crap out of them until they turn into something acceptable to have dinner with.

 I'm an aunt again. That's twice in four days. Kevin and Laine had their baby girl this afternoon. Milla Eve Hill weighed 8 pounds 1 ounce and was 21 1/2 inches long. (Now, for those of you who don't know, the name is pronounced ME-LA.) My mom said she's beautiful. Kevin said she's cute. I can't wait to go see her this weekend.

 I'm in a time warp, not really sure what day or time it is. That's what the holidays have done to me. Seriously, though, working a full week is going to be strange after the last two weeks and all the driving we've done. I'm an aunt. Angela and Charles (Greg's brother and sister-in-law) had their baby boy at 10:21 p.m. yesterday. Elijah William Taylor weighed 7 pounds 1 ounce and was 20 inches long. It's the first grandbaby in the family, so I'm sure you can imagine all the hype and celebration. I think Greg's parents took two rolls of film last night. Speaking of yesterday, we left Murray at 8 a.m. to go to Louisville to watch Murray State get its butt kicked by UofL. The first half ended with the Racers up two points, but Murray State couldn't stay with Louisville in the second half. My mom came to the game with us, too. Then we watched the Titans game, which started out really slow and boring but turned out to be exciting. We headed back to Murray and got to the hospital five minutes after the baby was born. Now if Laine will just have her baby girl. I love those sugary conversation heart Valentine's Day candies. Yes, it's only the beginning of January, but I already bought some. They sure are tasty. Back tracking, New Year's Eve was fun. My family -- Mom, Dad, Kevin, Laine, Cassie, Greg and I -- went to the UK-Austin Peay game in Louisville. The Governors almost pulled out a win over a sluggish Kentucky team. The crowd was pitiful -- only 11,000 fans in an arena that seats 18,000. After the game, Greg and I played games with my mom and Kevin and Laine. It was low-key but fun. New Year's Day I got to see my Aunt Carolyn and Uncle Jerry. I hadn't seen them since July or so. We ate chili and played games. We also watched "Calendar Girls" with my mom. Cute movie. Cassie gave me Hoopla for Christmas. It's by the makers of Cranium and has some of the same activities involved. It's a game against the clock, though, and not the other players. We played it several times with my family and then again with friends in Murray Friday night. OK, it's time to take the Christmas decorations down.

 I got Rochelle Riley's new book in the mail yesterday. It's a book of her columns, with topics ranging from parenthood to Sept. 11, 2001 and how that day changed America. I'm looking forward to reading it. She inspires me. Here's a quote from her introduction about why she writes: "Written conversations can be more powerful than the cantakerous bluster that sometimes passes for dialogue these days." (See, I'm not passed the introduction and already quoting her.) Maybe that's why things make more sense to me on paper -- in my own words and the words of others -- than anything I try to say, often stumbling over my own thoughts. One time Greg's counsin Quinnen (I think he's 8...) walked into a room, where multiple conversations were taking place, and said, "Stop. This is a communication wreck." He's right. Too often conversations collide. Sometimes it might be healthier and clearer for everyone to pick up a pen and string together their thoughts.

 Richard Hatch was voted off All-Star Survivor. Whoo hoo!

 A note on "The Passion of the Christ," which I haven't seen yet: urlLink Rochelle Riley is my favorite journalist. She used to be a columnist for The Courier-Journal, but now she writes for The Detroit Free Press. Anyway, she's not letting her 14-year-old daughter see the movie because of the violence. And that's OK. Here's part of what she had to say: "Faith is the evidence of things unseen. That will remain true for us with the crucifixion." I'm going to see it, especially now that I've written two stories about it. One was before Ash Wednesday about churches renting theaters to see it and the other was this morning about what people thought of the movie yesterday.

 alright, the randomness that is my life... This is HILARIOUS: Do you want to know what our economists do all day? Click on this urlLink Web site and move the cursor over the image. This also makes me laugh: Here's a conversation between George W. Bush and his daughter... A father watched his daughter playing in the garden. He smiled as he reflected on how sweet and innocent his little girl was. Suddenly she just stopped and stared at the ground. He went over to her and noticed she was looking at two spiders mating. "Daddy, what are those two spiders doing?" she asked. "They're mating," her father replied. "What do you call the spider on top, Daddy?" she asked. "That's a Daddy Longlegs, " Her father answered. A pause! "So, the other one is Mommy Longlegs?" the little girl asked. "No," her father replied. "Both of them are Daddy Longlegs." The little girl thought for a moment, then took her foot and stomped them flat."Well, that might be OK in California and New York, but we're not having any of that stuff in Texas!" Other random notes: When Greg and I were in Louisville this weekend we saw Gerald Fitch in the mall. He was walking with a cute, little boy and another guy. I really wanted to talk to him, but I'm a star-struck chicken. Oh well. I went to my second-ever NBA game last night. We went to Memphis to watch the Golden State Warriors beat the Grizzlies. (Are there really bears in Tennessee? They should change the mascot, really.) It was fun.

 Definitely time for an update. First of all I must tell you about the most fabulous steakhouse I've ever eaten at: urlLink The Palm . It was at the Hilton Suites in Nashville, but got started in New York. It was the nicest, most expensive restaurant at which I've ever eaten, but thankfully the Calloway County Bar Association was paying for it. You've got to love lawyers at some point. My 10-ounce filet mignon was $31. Just the steak. I had a salad with onions, tomatoes, shrimp, bacon green beans and a vinagrette dressing that cost $9. It was a crazy salad without lettuce, but it was so good. Then I had bread and we shared vegetables -- hash browns and fried asparagus -- at the table. It was SO good and a neat experience. There were 22 of us -- 11 lawyers and their spouses -- and the bill was $2,100. Plus the bar association paid for us to stay at the Hilton Suites that night. Fun times. On another related note, that meal was the first time I ate out without knowing the amount of carbohydrates in each food since I was diagnosed with diabetes. I did really well and didn't make my blood sugar level rise too much. However, I've eat out three times in the last two days and really not done well at the guessing game that is sometimes counting carbs. My mom was with me and reminded me it's a learning experience right now. But you know how I strive for perfection. Dang anal retentiveness. Speaking of my mom. She was here for the last couple of days to go to a diabetes self-management class at the hospital. It was pretty good. Some of it didn't apply to me and my Type 1 diabetes, but I learned some useful stuff about food and insulin. And I was definitely glad my mom was here. She brought Bailey the dog, too, who bonded with Greg. He took her out to pee most of the time and took her on a walk and jog. Therefore, she slept closer to him at night, which was fine with me because it let me sleep through the night. On another family-related note (you've got to love these transitions), I saw Cassie on Saturday when Greg and I stopped to eat lunch with her in Clarksville on our way to Nashville. She even showed us the toe on which she recently had surgery in the middle of the restaurant. Yeah, I'm sure the other people enjoyed seeing her take her shoe off. Anyway, then we -- Greg, my mom and I -- went to eat with her last night. This coming Saturday Greg, his mom and I are going to Clarksville again for the Murray State-Austin Peay basketball game. It's a big game in the Ohio Valley Conference. APSU is undefeated in the conference and Murray has only lost once. So, I'll probably get to see Cassie again. Good times with the family.

 I've seen 37 percent of the states at least once... Not bad, but I want to see the others. urlLink create your own visited states map or urlLink write about it on the open travel guide

 Something about afternoon naps is so much better than nighttime sleep. It's a dreary day here and I just woke up from a two-hour nap. It was lovely. And I'd probably still be sleeping but I was afraid I'd miss my meeting.

 What happened to my flip-flop weather? And what happened to the Republican governor I voted for? I mean, he's there in Frankfort, running state government. But bribery isn't the way to the people's hearts. And that's pretty much what Gov. Fletcher and the Senate Republicans did to the Democrats in an attempt to ge their budget proposal passed with the tax planned somehow attached. Today the state senator from Murray told me it was the most partian budget process he's ever been a part of. This is a bit delayed, but it's something I've been thinking about... Somtimes I feel like two people. I don't mean like I have multiple personalities. More like multiple perceptions of myself. I never really thought about it until Sunday in church, though. Or at least I couldn't define it in my mind until then. So, God offers grace to anyone to cover our human imperfections. Alright, I believe that. I believe God makes us new. I can be transformed. Rather, I am being transformed. It doesn't happen overnight. It's a life-long process. Grace redeems me, and you, making us saints who sometimes sin. Trust me, I strive for perfection and often get caught up in my human desires to control the details in my life. You'd think I learn I don't have control. God is mightier than any drama I create for myself or any detail I try to tend to. OK, a saint who sins. I can deal with that. That's how God sees me -- on my good days and the bad ones, during my selfish moments and my sweet ones, when I complain and when I love. Still, sometimes that's not how I feel. Other times I dwell on the fact I can't reach perfection. I can't meet these lofty expectations I have for myself. And the thing is, nobody truly meets my expectations. The people I love come close, but, then again, I expect them to. We're all human. And as humans we're a bundle of contradictions. We want people to like us, but we are easily annoyed by others' faults. We want to love each other unconditionally, but we still make assumptions and argue. We plan and organize and look so far ahead in the future, but we forget to live for the moment. Sometimes I get my identity as a saint who sometimes falters confused with a sinner who sometimes does the right thing. I mean, I'm going to fail sometimes so why strive for perfection. Anybody who even half-heartedly knows me knows there are very few moments when I accept less than perfect so easily. I want to please people, especially the people important to me. I want to everything I do well and expect other people to do so too. I like loyalty and commitment. Wishy-washy people frustrate me. (These people would also be milkshakes -- inconsistent and confused about whether it's milk or ice cream or something in between.) I want the real thing in the good moments when I laugh so hard I cry and in the crappy minutes when I tear up and want to cuddle up with my best friend.

 Diabetes is a mystery, which is frustrating. It's especially annoying when my blood sugar is so high and I have absolutely no idea why. So, this is how I'm feeling this morning. And then I went to the urlLink American Diabetes Association Web site and read this: Realize that "he who laughs. Lasts." Yes, diabetes is hard work and frustrating at times. There are situations and events that just cannot be explained or resolved. In tough times, humor can be the great healer.

 I love this weather, even though it's making our house a bit warm. I wore flip flops today and walked outside barefoot. We went to see "The Ladykillers" this afternoon. It was funnier than I expected. Tom Hanks did a good job. Very entertaining. I'm glad we don't have any pets of our own, but it's nice having Bailey around. She took a nap with me this morning. (When you wake up at 7 a.m. on a weekend, it's OK to take a nap at 10:30 or so.) She wants to be involved in everything, but it's cute most of the time. The exception would be when I was working on a puzzle and she walked through it. Maybe I shouldn't be working a puzzle on the floor, but I was. Speaking of the puzzle, I bought it for 50 cents this morning at a yard sale. And the money went to Relay for Life. It's called "Yellow," creatively named because everything in the puzzle is yellow. There are smiley faces, toys, crayons, lemons, yarn, Juicy Fruit and Chiclet gum packages...a very little that isn't yellow. KatieKerns called me today. I write her name like that because it's fun to say quick, letting it all run together. Anyway, I sure miss her. Hopefully she and Brad are going to move from Boston to Nashville next year. That would be so great. Greg's sitting on the back porch playing his guitar. It's nice to listen to. It's a summertime thing he always does. That's all my babble for now.

 We went bowling last night with Jaclyn and Bryan, Katy and Chad and John and some of his friends. It was fun. I bowled 93 and 101. That seems fairly consistent, but I actually had milkshake-ish tendencies throughout both games.

 The bank temperature sign said it was 83 degrees today. Fabulous. I bought two new pairs of capri pants last weekend at Old Navy. Then my mom gave me two more pairs that she doesn't wear anymore. Yes, that's four pairs of capri pants for the girl who used the complete oppose them. I used to think they were silly -- I mean, choose pants or shorts. But because I can't wear shorts to work, I'll settle for capris. The two pairs I got at Old Navy are comfy. The ones I'm wearing today from my mom are fine. So, I've accepted the fact I own multiple pairs of these trendy pants, but what gets me is that several women at work today are also wearing them. Hence the word trendy, I suppose.

 Name almost any social or political issue and I can give you an opinion about it. Gay marriage. I think God intended marriage to be between a man and woman. Period. Gun control. I think there should be stricter regulations so that not just anybody can get a gun. Drugs. I think the problem goes beyond illegal use of sometimes helpful things. I think a poor economy and lack of education leads to drug problems. Sometimes drugs are sold, sadly, as an alternate income. Sometimes government tries too hard on prosecution of drug users and sellers and does do enough for prevention and education. I think Kentucky's drug court is the right approach and maybe others will catch on. Abortion. I think life begins at conception and aborting a baby is depriving a life. Now, I know there are specific cases, such as rape and the mother's life being endangered, that might be exceptions. Health care. I know sometimes needs to be done to get more insurance companies in this state. Electronic medical records seem to be one approach to reducing errors in medical facilities. Education. I know education is the key to so many other things, including the economy and curbing drug use and other criminal activity. And I know education is deprived in many state budgets. Kids need to read and know how to apply other academic principles. But they also need to learn we need each other. Economy. I believe the economy is a reflection of many other things and when it is failing there are more problems than a tight budget. OK, so these aren't all necessarily deep opinions. But I can come up with something. There's one issue that continues to stump me: the death penalty. "Dead Man Walking" showed me as much as I want to see of a lethal injection. I believe people change. Who are we to take their second chance away? But maybe it's somebody's third chance, and where do we stop? Grace is bigger than anyone, larger than any governor or government. Are we playing God to think we can kill someone for committing a sin, an offense in the eyes of God and, in this case, the law? But should we pay to keep people in jail for years and years at a time, sometimes for life? Does knowing they could be executed ever stop a potential crime? I have tons of questions about the matter, but can't seem to figure out where I stand.

 I'm working on creating a soundtrack to my life, which I think sometimes resembles a sitcom. In college my friends and I constantly talked about "Everybody's Looking for Andy," the sitcom we created in our minds. We have had a little jingle made up for the theme song. The show would have been random, because that was the story of our lives, but every episode would have a cameo by Andy, our friend with crazy, curly hair. Sometimes he'd be easy to spot, other times it would be more like "Where's Waldo?" So, I've thought about the soundtrack to my life before, but I've never made a list and pulled some lyrics, so here's my start, and these are in no particular order: "Drops of Jupiter," Train Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star One without a permanent scar And did you miss me while you were looking at yourself out there "Crush," Dave Matthews Band It's crazy I'm thinking Just as long as you're around And here I'll be dancing on the ground Am I right side up or upside down To each other we'll be facing By love we'll beat back the pain we've found You know I mean to tell you all the things I've been thinking deep inside My friend With each moment the more I love you Crush me "Wood Song," Indigo Girls ... no way construction of this tricky plan was built by other than a greater hand with a love that passes all our understanding watching closely over the journey yeah but what it takes to cross the great divide seems more than all the courage i can muster up inside but we get to have some answers when we reach the other side the prize is always worth the rocky ride but the wood is tired and the wood is old and we'll make it fine if the weather holds but if the weather holds then we'll have missed the point that's where i need to go ... "Pantala Naga Pampa," Dave Matthews Band Come and relax now Put your troubles down No need to bear the weight of your worries Just let them all fall away. "Mystery," Indigo Girls ...you set up your place in my thoughts moved in and made my thinking crowded ... i could go crazy on a night like tonight when summer's beginning to give up her fight and every thought's a possibility and voices are heard but nothing is seen why do you spend this time with me maybe an equal mystery so what is love then is it dictated or chosen does it sing like the hymns of 1000 years or is it just pop emotion and if it ever was here and it left does it mean it was never true and to exist it must elude is that why i think these things of you ... "Perfect," Sara Evans Love can be rough around the edges tattered at the seams "My List," Toby Keith ...Go for a walk, say a little prayer Take a deep breath of mountain air Put on my glove and play some catch It's time that I make time for that Wade the shore and cast a line Pick up a long lost friend of mine Sit on the porch and give my girl a kiss Start livin' that' the next thing on my list Wouldn't change the course of fate but cuttin' the grass just had to wait 'Cause I've bot more important things like pushin' my kid on the backyard swing I won't break my back for a million bucks I can't take to my grave So why put off for tomorrow what I could get done today ... Raise a little hell, laugh 'til it hurts Put an extra five in the plate at church Call up my folks just to chat It's time that I make time for that Stay up late, then oversleep Show her what she means to me Catch up on all the things I've always missed Just start livin', that's the next thing on my list ... "Mrs. Potter's Lullaby," Counting Crows If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts. "Omaha," Counting Crows Somewhere in middle America Get right to the heart of matters It's the heart that matters more "Clarity," John Mayer By the time I recognize this moment This moment it will be gone But I will bend the light pretending That it somehow lingered on "Why Georgia," John Mayer so what so i've got a smile on it's hiding the quite superstitions in my head don't believe me don't you dare believe me when i say i've got it down everybody's just a stranger but that's the danger in going my own way i guees it's a price i have to pay still everything happens for a reason it's no reason not to ask yourself "Thousand Miles," Caedmon's Call So take my broken offering and make it whole And set my feet upon the road that leads me home Let me walk as one fixed upon the goal Even though I've got a thousand miles to go

 Here's a funny joke: A new pastor was visiting in the homes of his parishioners. At one house it seemed obvious that someone was at home, but no answer came to his repeated knocks at the door. Therefore, he took out a card and wrote "Revelation 3:20" on the back of it and stuck it in the door. When the offering was processed the following Sunday, he found that his card had been returned. Added to it was this cryptic message, "Genesis 3:10." Reaching for his Bible to check out the citation, he broke up in gales of laughter. Revelation 3:20 begins "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." Genesis 3:10 reads, "I heard your voice in the garden and I was afraid for I was naked."

 Alright, I haven't addressed Kentucky losing to UAB in the second round of the NCAA Tournament. And that's precisely why -- Kentucky lost to UAB, a Conference USA team, in the second round. They didn't make it to the Sweet Sixteen with a team that dominated the SEC, a much stronger, tougher conference than Conference USA. People want to pick one moment -- a turnover, a charge call, a missed shot -- on which to hang the lose. But really a basketball game shouldn't come down to one moment. UAB did more things right in the game, even though the referees were apparently in their own world calling random fouls. Kentucky lacked energy and emotion in that game and previous against Florida A&M. I think sometimes teams bring too much emotion to the court, but I think sometimes teams need something to motivate them and Kentucky lacked whatever that is for its players. I think they got sort of cocky, and came out looking past these lower-seeded teams. They didn't play defense, they didn't play their game. I don't want to blame Tubby. He obviously does something right to get teams, especially the last two year's, to gel. But he doesn't do well in the tournament. He coaches the "team to beat," but doesn't lead them farther in the tournament everyone is watching. Sure, he won a championship in 1998, technically, but did so with players Pitino recruited and trained. All of this to say, the Wildcats shouldn't have lost, but they did. Good thing it's all a game.

 "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" looks interesting. Interesting enough I want to see it. "I wanted to deal with someone's idea of their relationship. Because you're not seeing the relationship, you're seeing Joel's idea of the relationship. I was trying to figure out what a memory feels like. I think you just assume that your memory is just sort of a video playback of your experience, but it's nothing like that at all. It's a complete refabrication of an event and a lot of it is made up, because you're filling in spaces." --Movie writer Charlie Kaufman, who wrote about the fictional company Lacuna, which means "blank space or missing part."

 I think this is the first time since I've been married that I've been at my parents' house without Greg. I miss Greg, but I've really enjoyed hanging out with my mom. It has been just the two of us this weekend. Yesterday we went to the eye doctor so I could get new contacts, went shopping at Kohl's and Old Navy so I could get some new pants, ate lunch with Poppy at Buckhead's, went to visit Kevin and Milla (She's beautiful.) and ate dinner later at Cracker Barrel. Then at 8 p.m. or so we both were tired but managed to watch some basketball. I bonded with Kali the cat this morning, even though she makes me sneeze. And Bailey thinks I'm her best friend now, and that's a good thing because she's coming home with me for two weeks. Speaking of basketball, my bracket isn't looking too good, but that's OK because the upsets are fun to see. My brother told me yesterday he heard a sports commentator say Kentucky would be the first No. 1 seed to lose. All I have to say is thanks, Stanford. Who cares that I had the Cardinal (who uses a tree as a mascot anyway?) going to the final game against Kentucky. And you've got to love that an SEC team beat them. Friday night one of the CBS guys said Rick Pitino was a genius of college basketball. Only a few minutes later did UofL start to blow its 14-point lead. My mom and I were talking because we thought Louisville was going to start to run away with the game, but then we looked at the TV and saw that Xavier was within a couple of points. It sure got more interesting then, because maybe Pitino isn't a genius. (OK, I know, if he were to come back to Kentucky we'd all love it in a heartbeat. We being Wildcat fans, that is.)

 I've been accused of thinking too much. And while I am trying not to analyze every word someone speaks to me, I find myself analyzing whether I analyze. It's a vicious trap, really. So, the other thing I've been thinking about is whether I'm needy. Do I depend on people too much for attention? Earlier this week I wrote on here about a friend of mine who makes me feel suffocated at times. The key words are "at times." I enjoy her conversations and we have a lot in common, but other times I just wish she didn't require so much attention and talk about herself so much. With that said, I wonder if I'm like that to anyone. I sure hope not. Greg has told me I depend on people too much. But too much is relative, I think. He doesn't depend on people for much. Self-sufficient, if you will. I like people. I like to talk. I like to listen. I like hugs and I like to feel like people need me. That's human, though, I think. Still, where's the line of loving people and being needy? So, I've come to the conclusion that I have my needy moments like a mood swing, but the necessity for others doesn't dominate my life. With that said, I also think it's different living in Murray right now. I know lots of people, but I only confide in a few. I meet new people all of the time, but I only have a couple of friends here. And maybe I seem needy because the people I actually want to spend time with are limited. But thank God for them.

 I got this as an e-mail forward. It's Dr. Phil's test, and it's more interesting than you'd think. Have pen or pencil and paper ready. This is a real test given by the human relations departments at many of the major corporations today. It helps them get better insight concerning their and prospective employees. It's only 10 simple questions, so grab a pencil and paper, keeping track of your letter answers. 1. When do you feel your best? a) in the morning b) during the afternoon & early evening c) late at night 2. You usually walk... a) fairly fast, with long steps b) fairly fast, with little steps! c) less fast head up, looking the world in the face d) less fast, head down e) very slowly 3. When talking to people you... a) stand with your arms folded b) have your hands clasped c) have one or both your hands on your hips d) touch or push the person to whom you are talking e) play with your ear, touch your chin, or smooth your hair 4. When relaxing, you sit with... a) your knees bent with your legs neatly side by side b) your legs crossed c) your legs stretched out or straight d) one leg curled under you 5. When something really amuses you, you react with... a) big appreciated laugh b) a laugh, but not a loud one c) a quiet chuckle d) a sheepish smile 6. When you go to a party or social gathering you... a) make a loud entrance so everyone notices you b) make a quiet e entrance, look! ing around for someone you know c) make the quietest entrance, trying to stay unnoticed 7. You're working very hard, concentrating hard, and you're interrupted you... a) welcome the break b) feel extremely irritated c) vary between these two extremes 8. Which of the following colors do you like most? a) Red or orange b) black c) yellow or light blue d) green e) dark blue or purple f) white g) brown or gray 9. When you are in bed at night, in those last few moments before going to sleep, you are... a) stretched out on your back b) stretched out face down on your stomach c) on your side, slightly curled d) with your head on one arm e) with your head under the covers 10. You often dream that you are... a) falling b) fighting or struggling c) searching for something or somebody d) flying or floating e) you usually have dreamless sleep f) your dreams are always pleasant POINTS: 1. (a) 2 (b) 4 (c) 6 2. (a) 6 (b) 4 (c) 7 (d) 2 (e) 1 3. (a) 4 (b) 2 (c) 5 (d) 7 (e) 6 4. (a) 4 (b) 6 (c) 2 (d) 1 5. (a) 6 (b) 4 (c) 3 (d) 5 (e) 2 6. (a) 6 (b) 4 (c) 2 7. (a) 6 (b) 2 (c) 4 8. (a) 6 (b) 7 (c) 5 (d) 4 (e) 3 (f) 2 (g) 1 9. (a) 7 (b) 6 (c) 4 (d) 2 (e) 1 10. (a) 4 (b) 2 (c) 3 (d) 5 (e) 6 (f) 1 Now add up the total number of points. OVER 60 POINTS : Others see you as someone they should "handle with care." You're seen as vain, self-centered, and who is extremely dominant. Others may admire you, wishing they could be more like you, but don't always trust you, hesitating to become too deeply involved with you. 51 TO 60 POINTS : Others see you as an exciting, highly volatile, rather impulsive personality; a natural leader, who's quick to make decisions, though not always the right ones. They see you as bold and adventuresome, someone who will try anything once; someone who takes chances and enjoys an adventure. They enjoy being in your company because of the excitement you radiate. 41 TO 50 POINTS : Others see you as fresh, lively, charming, amusing, practical, and always interesting; someone who's constantly in the center of attention, but sufficiently well-balanced not to let it go to their head. They also see you as kind, considerate, and understanding; someone who'll always cheer them up and help them out. 31 TO 40 POINTS : Others see you as sensible, cautious, careful and practical. They see you as clever, gifted, or talented, but modest. Not a person who makes friends too quickly or easily, but someone who's extremely loyal to friends you do make and who expect the same loyalty in return. Those who really get to know you realize it takes a lot to shake your trust in your friends, but equally that it takes you a long time to get over if that trust is ever broken. 21 TO 30 POINTS : Your friends see you as painstaking and fussy. They see you as very cautious, extremely careful, a slow and steady plodder. It would really surprise them if you ever did something impulsively or on the spur of the moment, expecting you to examine everything carefully from every angle and then, usually decide against it. They think this reaction is caused partly by your careful nature. UNDER 21 POINTS : People think you are shy, nervous, and indecisive, someone who needs looking after, who always wants someone else to make the decisions and who doesn't want to get involved with anyone or anything! They see you as a worrier who always sees problems that don't exist. Some people think you're boring. Only those who know you well know that you aren't. OK, so I got a 33. Seems pretty accurate to me.

 It's a listen-to-Dancing-Nancies-by-Dave-Matthews, wear-flip-flops, have-a-picnic kind of day. All of that to say, it's 70 degrees outside and I would love to have the day off work.

 So Greg is in Florida golfing. Well, when I talked to him tonight he was playing miniature golf. I guess he is gearing up for the "real" golf course. Golfing (and probably watching some NCAA basketball) is the agenda for the trip he took with his uncle and cousin. Anyway, he left this morning. Not to be all girly, but this is the second time since we've been married that he's been gone overnight. The other time was in July when he took the bar exam in Louisville. My life was busy then because I was finishing up my job in Richmond and packing our apartment to move to Murray. And it was just one night. I don't mind being here by myself. I lived by myself in Louisville for the year I worked at the AP and loved a lot about it. Trust me, I will stretch out in the middle of the night tonight. But I will be glad when Greg's back on Sunday. I'm going to Louisville this weekend to hang out with my mom. I think we'll be the only ones home. Dad will be in Indianapolis and Cassie is going to Florida. I sure am looking forward to it though. And then Bailey the dog is coming to stay with us for two weeks because my parents are going on vacation. Friends are important to me. I love conversations and relationships, even though I may depend on them too much. With that said, I have one friendship that is incredibly unbalanced. She tells a story, which prompts me to tell a story, but I never get the whole thing finished because whatever she has to say is more important. I rarely confide in her beyond surface-level topics and events. I guess because that's the case, I shouldn't even use the word confide. It's rather frustrating actually. I know she needs a friend, but it is incredibly draining on me to be that friend. I know friendships are going to vary with people's moods and different settings. I know friendships go back and forth, depending on who needs what. But my friendship with her is like a broken see-saw. Sometimes I wait my turn to go up, but never seem to get off the ground. More times than not, though, it makes me appreciate my other friends, knowing the street goes both ways, and that probably helps me be a better friend to her. So, in the spirit of March Madness, here's part of an instant message conversation I had with Adam: admitch4 : i am tempted to say "rough go of things for the racers"......then again.....i realize you could easily come back with either. A. "Kentucky is the #1 #1 seed", or B. "Who does Indiana play this weekend" admitch4 : so, under the circumstances, i guess i wont bring up basketball :-) krishill10 : i was tempted to harass you all season about indiana...but i held back. admitch4 : it would be no harassment......its simple.....so long as mike davis is the coach, indiana will never be a legitimate contender

 I love "When Harry Met Sally..." The movie is built on conversations, and I like that. Watching it, I feel like I know Harry and Sally. Jaclyn says she's going to "invite Harry and Sally" over when she watches it. It's really like that. Anyway, there are fabulous conversation and much bickering between Harry and Sally. I always wished I could write fast enough to get it all. This afternoon I found a urlLink Web site that has much of the good dialogue quoted with other descriptions from the movie. I thought I'd include one of my favorites: While watching "Casablanca:" Harry : There are two kinds of women: high maintenance and low maintenance. Sally : And Ingrid Bergman is low maintenance? Harry : An L.M. Definitely. Sally : Which one am I? Harry : You're the worst kind. You're high maintenance, but you think you're low maintenance. Sally : I don't see that. Harry : You don't see that. (He mimics her typical ordering procedure.) 'Waiter, I'll begin with the house salad, but I don't want the regular dressing. I'll have balsamic vinegar and oil, but on the side, and then the salmon with the mustard sauce, but I want the mustard sauce on the side.' 'On the side' is a very big thing for you. Sally : Well, I just want it the way I want it. Harry : I know, high maintenance. (Sally sighs after Bogart says the final line of the film, when the two characters walk off into the fog-shrouded airport: 'Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.') Ooh. Best last line of a movie ever.

 According to The Associated Press... Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, long known for its high-calorie treats, says it plans to offer a low-sugar doughnut to attract dieters and diabetics. Exactly how low the sugar content would be was unclear. Krispy Kreme spokeswoman Amy Hughes said the new doughnut is still in the early stages of development. It is set to debut before the end of 2004. One of Krispy Kreme's Hot Original Glazed doughnuts has 10 grams of sugar and 200 calories. More than half those calories come from fat, 12 grams of it. Yummy. Hopefully they'll use Splenda.

 I worked until about midnight last night, thinking maybe I'd sleep a little later than usual. But, no, that would be too easy. Instead, I woke up at 7 a.m. ready to eat breakfast and get moving for the day. The strange thing is I feel rested. And the thing about feeling rested is I know it's a direct result of controlling my diabetes. Before I even knew I had diabetes but I did, I was sluggish and always felt worn out. I just thought that was life, or at least my life at that point. On the weekends I would sleep and nap all of the time, which I thought was just what I wanted to do on the weekends. Don't get me wrong, I love to nap. But I don't feel like every day when I come home from work I must take a nap before I go on. Diabetes is a weird disease. I haven't a coke with sugar in it since Jan. 28, the day I was diagnosed. And that's OK. Diet Dr Pepper and Diet Coke with Lime are my friends. I have other diet drink friends, but those are my favorites. I had to give Jaclyn about 10 pairs of pants because they didn't fit anymore, which is actually a good thing, although it's frustrating at times. I gained weight I needed to gain because before my body was flushing out the calories I ate, hence the reason I spent too much of my life in bathrooms. I don't even mind pricking my finger to check my blood sugar or giving myself insulin shots in my stomach. The absolute most challenging aspect of learning to live with diabetes is eating. Breakfast is easy for me. But lunch and dinner get frustrating because I eat the same things all of the time. I'm almost scared to venture way out, although I did attempt Mexican food for the first time. In a nutshell, I have to count the number of carbohydrates I eat and eat the same number at the same meal each day. It's not that isn't a low-carb diet, but rather a consistent carb diet. So, while I have that figured out in my head, I don't really like to cook. I don't like the time it takes to prepare something in relation to the 15 minutes it takes to eat it. I don't mind doing some dishes, but when I cook the sink overflows with dirty pots and pans and plates. And, maybe the hardest part, is I just never have ideas of what to cook. I bought some cookbooks and one of my goals this weekend is to sit down and look at them -- and choose some meals. I just need to plan better, but that's a whole new ballgame, considering I'm a person who never paid a bit of attention to serving size and nutrition information before. I ate what I wanted when I wanted. That's not the case anymore. I've had a few hard days lately dealing with this, and diabetes in general. But I hate to let people know that. Very few people know the week before this was probably the worst week I've had since being in the hospital at the end of January. At first there was a fear factor that kept me going, not really questioning anything. Now, I feel comfortable enough I want to know reasons for high blood sugar levels in the afternoon or why my blood sugar sometimes is high after exercising, when it really should be go lower. There are so many variables -- food, insulin, exercise, stress -- that affect how I feel, both mentally and physically. So Jaclyn told me I should tell people, well, not everyone, but my couple good friends, when I feel bad. I shouldn't just pretend. She just knows that friends are there to build each other up, and sometimes that's going to be that needs some encouragement. I totally see her point, and appreciate having a friend like her. But there's a thin line between saying, "Hey, today's been a bad day. I've had a headache." and whining. I know I've toed the line plenty of times and I know I've crossed the line just as many times. Still as many bad days as I had two weeks ago, I've had many more good days. Thinking back to a year ago or six months ago or even just two months ago, I feel better than I've felt in a long time. I suppose this is the epitome of how a frustrating, challenging situation became, and I'm sure will continue to become, my saving grace.

 "If there's a book you really want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it." --Toni Morrison, author

 Despite the sad fact I don't sleep in anymore, it's been a good weekend. (I got up at 7 a.m. yesterday and today. OK, so what if I go to bed at 10 p.m.) I've been productive -- laundry, dishes, cleaning, grocery -- and I've relaxed. Greg and I went to see "50 First Dates." Very funny, random and sweet. We watched Murray State beat Austin Peay, whose fans didn't appear to sport their "Muck Furray" shirts this time. The Racers are going the NCAA tournament. Now, it's halftime of the Kentucky-Florida game now, and the Wildcats are looking good. Here are some more good quotes. This time they are from the introduction to "Somebody Told Me," a collection of stories by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Rick Bragg. How journalism at its best is like a family sitting on the front porch telling stories: "The only think that made it worthwhile was the words, which sometimes made sense and sometimes, once in a happy while, even sounded as if a real storyteller had put them together on some metaphorical front porch." On journalism as a business: "Newspaper stories are fleeting things. The thing that makes this business so remarkable, that every day we get a new canvas to paint on, is also what makes it so unsatisfying. The story, almost always, dies with the day, the pages of the day-old paper turning yellow in the sun."

 I've had a headache almost constantly the past week. It's frustrated me because I know it's from fluctuating blood sugar levels. And that's frustrating because I'm doing everything I know to do, and I think I'm doing a good job. I don't want diabetes to control my life. I want to control it. This is the first week I have really felt discouraged by the whole thing. Add to that my emotional nature, and it all made for a long few days. I'm using this weekend to recover, and in doing so I've been reading a lot and flipping through my journal -- the one I keep with pen and paper. Emotional overflow makes me reflective. So, with that said, I found something in my journal to share. I wrote it about six weeks ago, apparently during a moment of appreciation for my friends. The words combine thoughts and images of many people important to me: We walked across the yard into one another's lives. We wondered if we'd ever be old enough to drive but settled for bike rides and runs through sprinklers. You knew my secrets about boys and taught me about God. You made me laugh so hard I'd cry and sang along to Alan Jackson. You wet your pants -- apparently literally -- when I told you I was getting married. We never really fought, still, you're like my sister. My excitement becomes your excitement, even 21 hours away. We were inseparable. Teachers got us mixed up and everyone expected us to be together. We watched "My So-Called Life" and ate Funyuns. Grape Kool-Aid was our choice drink. You finished my sentences, reminded me life goes on when boys are stupid and knew me sometimes better than I knew myself. I grew up; you regressed. Or I settled while you partied. You changed; I changed. We bonded over email. You came to visit me once, even though you though Murray was a world away. You shared music and movies with me, and sometimes your feelings. You held a grudge then forgave me. We watched baseball -- Go Cardinals. But your Reds won. We rode roller coasters and I fought with your friend. We ate ice cream and stayed up all night talking. We fell in love fast but spent years figuring it out. Fear sometimes divided us, but friendship always kept us together. We cheered at ball games, competed at cards and laughed and cried about nothing and everything. Our lives intertwined in a way I never expected. We became friends from across the room. You made lots of eye contact and talked to me, sometimes with words. You made me laugh with your randomness. We bickered and fought, but I couldn't stay mad. You were intriguing and frustrating all at the same time. We cheered for the Wildcats, but you wait for Patrick Sparks. You are my friend. Maybe I gave you too much. Maybe I expected too much. Maybe. But joy comes from you. Your life touched my life. We hurt each other; we healed each other. I influenced you; you impacted me. You were my neighbor. You were my roommate. You were my co-worker. You were my friend. You are part of who I am. I have been reading "A Glimpse of Jesus" by Brennan Manning. He's one of the best authors and speakers I've experienced: "Feelings that are not expressed cannot be fixed. ... An integral life implies creative listening to our emotions, taking responsibility for them, and courageously expressing them. ... For the Nazarene carpenter, to have integrity meant to be genuine, to communicate authentically, to resonate with his feelings." "The world does not understand vulnerability. Strength is made to look like weakness and freedom to look like failure. Vulnerability is flatly rejected by the world as incompetence, and compassionate caring is dismissed as unprofitable. ... His ministry was a seeming failure, his life appeared to have no difference; he was a naked, murdered, ineffectual, losing God. But in that weakness and vulnerability, the world would come to know the love of the Abba of the Compassionate One."

 It's awfully random every time somebody, really anyone, says a word, really any word, I can come up with a story relating to that word in a matter of seconds. I think it's a talent I'm developing, even though I'm not really sure where that would take me in this world. Maybe I think too much. Or maybe I babble too much.

 "Unload all your worries onto him, since he is looking after you." --1 Peter 5:7 "You and I are governed. The weather determines what we wear. The terrain tells us how to travel. Gravity dictates our speed, and health determines our strength. We may challenge these forces and alter them slightly, but we never remove them. God -- our Shepherd -- doesn't check the weather; he makes it. He doesn't defy gravity; he created it. He isn't affected by health; he has no body. Jesus said, 'God is spirit.' Since he has no body, he has no limitations -- equally active in Cambodia as he is in Connecticut." -- Max Lucado in "Traveling Light" "Relationships change. Health changes. The weather changes. But the Yaweh who ruled the earth last night is the same Yaweh who rules it today. Same convictions. Same plan. Same mood. Same love. He never changes. You can no more alter God than a pebble can alter the rhythm of the Pacific." -- Max Lucado in "Traveling Light" "People take a measure of your vision, your character. They really want to know how you can affect their lives -- whether they can trust you," Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on people's perceptions of politicians, but maybe more so on life. All of these other people's words to say I am a more complex person than I like to admit. I hate fickleness but sometimes can't make up my mind. I despise change but grow restless with routine. I have faith God is greater than any detail of my life, yet I strive for perfection. I yearn for simplicity in a complex life. And it is good to know when I have my milkshake moments, God is steadfast.

 The sunshine turned to rain. The lovely random weather in Kentucky continues. Of course, today I only worked half a day but don't have the pretty weather to enjoy like I could have yesterday. Here are some words on words from urlLink WordSpy.com : "For words are but the images of matter; and except they have life of reason and invention, to fall in love with them is all one as to fall in love with a picture." Francis Bacon, English philosopher, essayist, statesman and jurist "It is often forgotten that (dictionaries) are artificial repositories, put together well after the languages they define. The roots of language are irrational and of a magical nature." Jorge Luis Borges, Argentinian poet, short-story writer and essayist

 I am wearing sandals today. I drove with my windows down. The sun is shining. And I really wish I was at the lake and not sitting inside at work. I love this time of the year.

 This urlLink political blog is interesting. Too bad it's from a Duke student. At least he's from Louisville.

 Greg and I are planning to go to St. Louis on Saturday to watch the Cardinals play the Cubs. Sounds fun, I know. Except that the weather is suppose to be 64 degrees with thunderstorms. Maybe that will change because that's not exactly the type of weather I was hoping to sit out in.

 I'm addicted to steamed broccoli and this raw broccoli salad my mom recently gave me the recipe for. That's strange if you know anything about me and my limited appreciation for vegetables. The good thing, though, is broccoli is a low-carb vegetable, so it's easy on my blood sugar levels. Also, I'm becoming quite addicted to The Real World and The Inferno. For the record, I don't care for Road Rules, but I like The Inferno because it combines The Real World with a Survivor-like twist. Plus, The Real World folks are going to Greece on their next episode and I'm going to Greece, among other places, in June, so it should be fun to watch.

 I honestly haven't been following all this Sept. 11, 2001, and war in Iraq investigation about who's lying and who's got the best information and blah, blah, blah, but I thought this was interesting: "One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line." - President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998 "If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program." - President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998 Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face." - Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998 "He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten time since 1983." - Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb 18,1998 "[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the US Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs." - Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin (D-MI), Tom Daschle (D-SD), John Kerry (D - MA), and others Oct. 9,1998 "Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process." - Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998 "Hussein has . chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies." - Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999 "There is no doubt that .. Saddam Hussein has invigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies." - Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, December 5, 2001 "We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandated of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them." - Sen. Carl Levin (D, MI), Sept. 19, 2002 "We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country." - Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002 "Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power." - Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002 "We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seeking and developing weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002 "The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October of 1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons..." - Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002 "I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force-- if necessary-- to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9,2002 "There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years .. We also should remember we have always underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction."- Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002 "He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do" - Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002 "In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members.. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons." - Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002 "We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction." - Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL), Dec. 8, 2002 "Without question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation ... And now he is miscalculating America's response to his continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction .. So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real." - Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003 Now every one of these people say President Bush lied, that there never were any weapons of mass destruction and he took us to war unnecessarily.

 When I clocked in this morning, it said 6:66. Great. What a way to start of the day. I'm really not superstitious but still I can't help but to notice the numbers. It's almost lunch time, now, and I can say I haven't noticed any unusual evil. I think the sun might even be trying to shine outside. Greg made his Little League coaching debut last night. I went to a little more than half the game. He's really great with the boys (They are 13- to 15-year-olds.) and is quite the encourager. That's one of the reasons he's going to make a great dad one day. I want to re-emphasize ONE DAY. I woke up with a headache at 2:40 a.m. Ridiculous. I know getting my diabetes under control has caused all kinds of changes -- good changes -- in my body but sometimes that means I have to deal with headaches. I got nervous, though, and checked my blood sugar at that ridiculous hour, thinking it might be low. But it was at a solid 97. (That would be in the normal range.)

 I had a really great weekend... Last week was the week of meetings at work, so after I finished writing my story about city council Thursday night, Greg and I headed up to Louisville. Jaclyn and Bryan left then too and ended up staying at my parents' house with us for two nights. We didn't leave Murray until 9 p.m. and I'm pretty sure I was asleep before we were in Marshall County. When we got to my parents' a little before 2 a.m. Eastern Time, Bailey kept bringing toys into the bed for Greg and I -- well, probably Greg -- to play with. She loves him, but it was much to late for all of that. Friday I went to see an endocrinologist, a doctor who specializes in the study of hormones and glands and their disorders. Anyway, she was encouraging and offered some good advice, the biggest being the way I take my insulin now based on the number of carbohydrates I eat. That means I can vary what I eat more in terms of carbs. Before I was eating a certain number of carbs at each meal and taking the same amount of insulin at each meal. Now, I'm tweaking a carb-to-insulin ratio so I can eat any number of carbs and take an appropriate amount of insulin. Laine cut my hair on Friday, too. I went in for a trim and then she asked if she could cut it so the back flipped out. Sure, Laine's creative and I trust her... But she might have been a bit too creative. Once I got home and the way she styled it started falling out, I started not liking it so much. I like the back, which was cut shorter than I realized I agreed to. But I hated the sides, which were longer and really didn't blend in with the back. So, Saturday morning I tried to call Laine and ask if I could come by so she could fix the sides like I wanted them. But the receptionist said she was busy and wouldn't have time for me until 3. Well, that wasn't working in my plan so I went somewhere else and had it cut -- again. So I've ended up with a shorter haircut than I originally intended, but I think that's good because I wouldn't have thought about getting it cut like this and I like it. It's a good summer haircut. Jaclyn says when she gets her hair cut short she gets feisty, or feistier than usual. We'll see. Saturday I hung out with Jaclyn. We ate lunch with Kelly and then went shopping for awhile. I was on a hunt for these black capri pants at Old Navy and didn't find them. Jaclyn also met Milla, the most beautiful baby ever. Then we, including Greg, met Shelley, Dustin, Evan, Bekah and Barrett for dinner at Cracker Barrel. I sure wish Shelley and Dustin lived closer, and not only because Evan is up there on the list of cutest babies ever. But, then again, that's my wish for a few other friends as well. Then we went to Kent's wedding, which was fabulous. Kent looked so nice in his Air Force uniform. The wedding was sweet and the reception was fun because several friends I don't see often were there. I especially had fun with Cara -- we laughed a lot like old times. Old times are good when new times are different. I also talked to Jonathan, my freshman year, high school boyfriend. He's married and had a little girl who's almost 2. The irony was Greg and Jonathan played paintball with lots of guys, including Kent, on Friday, and Greg didn't realize the Jonathan playing paintball was the old boyfriend Jonathan. It's sort of weird when worlds collide, but that's life, I suppose. Cassie and I went shopping Sunday. I found the black capris I wanted. Well, they aren't exactly what I wanted but may actually be better than the ones I was originally looking for. I got some birthday money from my dad and grandpa and believe I successful spent it Sunday on the pants, some black sandals and some other new goodies. It was fun to hang out with Cassie. That's some of the highlights of my weekend. I also want to mention I had some yummy home-cooked meals, thanks to my mom, and got to hang out with Milla. She was cranky Friday night because she was sleepy but she was quite a joy Saturday and Sunday, especially when I was feeding her. That's totally the way to bond with a baby. I hung out with Kevin and Dad some, too. We got back into town at 10:30 last night. Nothing like filling every minute of a weekend. Still, it was time for such a weekend. And I get to see Mom and Cassie again this coming Sunday because they are coming to Murray to celebrate my birthday -- which is a week from today -- with me and Greg's family. Alright, other random comments: - I really like Derek Abney. But the Baltimore Ravens drafted him. I don't like the Ravens. Is starting to like the Ravens because Abney plays for them sort of like being a fair-weather fan? But I don't think I can like the Ravens, there's too much of a rivalry with the Titans. Hopefully Abney will do well then I can just cheer for him. - "Love Actually" comes out on DVD this week. I loved that movie. - What's the deal with Brewers beating the Cardinals multiple times this season? And it's only April.

 Sometimes I wonder if I should refrain from talking about the same things on here. I tend to be repetitive. But then I remember this is my blog and I write about whatever I want. I go through phases with the blog, but lately it has replaced my on-paper journal. Maybe that's not so good because this isn't as private and people probably really aren't interested in my repetition. I learn through repetition, though, so maybe this is how I have to come to revelations in my life. Oh, I'm totally babbling. But isn't babbling what a blog is for basically? OK, so onto my seemingly-repetitive banter. Yesterday I was at a meeting with the mayor (Well, actually I was at two meetings with the mayor yesterday but that's far from the point of this story.) and I asked him about his wife, who recently had knee replacement surgery. He told me how she is doing well with her rehab and feeling emotionally better. Then he said she has diabetes and that really affects her whole body. He stressed how hard it can be on her. Then he randomly says, "You don't have diabetes, do you?" First, I swear he and I have talked about it before because I remember him telling me about how his wife didn't find out she had diabetes until she was in her 50s. I'm pretty sure she has Type 2, so she doesn't have to take insulin. Second, what a weird question to tack onto the end of a conversation. Yesterday I also heard about somebody dying "from diabetes." But I know that diabetes itself doesn't usually kill people. Rather long-term complications affect and damage other organs and other parts of the body when diabetics' blood sugar levels run consistently high or low. People say they think it's good I'm dealing with the diabetes now and learning how to manage it. Truth is, it scares me to death to even consider ignoring it. That goes with my perfectionist personality as well as my fear of the unknown. Last night was the first time I really questioned why and how this happened to me. I love details and am so frustrated with the fact that there are unanswered questions with this. I have faith enough to know that this is for the better, whatever the better is, however the better will change me. But I'm human enough to wish I didn't have to deal with it. Moving on... Greg is in Lexington for a new lawyers' conference. He just called me from the car with Rod and Corbitt. They were on their way to eat Donato's Pizza for lunch. First of all, I miss Rod and Corbitt. Secondly, I wish I had some Donato's. It's funny to me that when Greg goes out of town I think I'm going to look forward to all this Kristin time, but then I miss him more than I expect. That's probably a good thing for our marriage but a frustrating thing for my heart.

 The blessing of this job specifically and career in general is that I don't do the same thing everyday. The burden is sometimes I have to do things other than be a reporter. Most people know I was hesitant to take this job after Greg and I moved to Murray in August. But I'm anal and tend to worry, so the thought of not having a job freaked me out. (Don't get me wrong, some days I wish I could sleep until 9 and then watch two hours of Dawson's Creek reruns, but in the long run I'd get bored because I need to be doing something.) Anyway, turns out that on most days I like my job more than I thought I would. I'm a nerd, and don't mind covering city council and other government meetings in town and at the university. I generally like the people I have to talk to often for my stories. I like knowing what's going on locally and with state government. And I like learning about the court process first hand while hearing stories from Greg. On the other hand, however, I don't really enjoy laying out a special section for Administrative Professionals Week and the local International Association of Administrative Professionals chapter...That would be one of those burdens of small-town journalism. I understand that and really shouldn't complain about it, but still I'd rather be writing. I've had the itch lately to write a book. But I want to write a non-fiction book and my latest idea is to travel to different baseball parks and talk to people, random people, and then just tell their stories. I don't necessarily want to talk to athletes; I want to talk to people who have other stories to tell in the stadium setting -- a long-time ticket-taker and concession stand worker, one of the guys who pull the tarp out when it rains, whoever is in charge of the scoreboard. Plus then I'd get to visit baseball parks. I'd like to go to Boston and stay with Katie and Brad, who can see Fenway Park from their apartment and watched the Boston Marathon runners pass down their street, Beacon Street. As much as I hope Barry Bonds stays on 666 homeruns forever, I want to see Pac Bell Park. I can't stand the Yankees, but I know their stadium is filled with history and stories. Great American Ballpark is nice and I wish Busch would stay where it is, how it is. Wrigley Field is classic and Cominsky Park is modern. Maybe if I visited Seattle again it would only rain one of the seven days I'm there, like years ago. I've never been to Kansas City, Houston, San Diego, Miami or Detroit. I've never stepped foot in Arizona or Colorado.

 It's been a nice weekend involving a lot of hanging out at home, which I wanted. Saturday I had to cover a press conference at Murray State. It was about how the university's private donations and assets have reached $50 million for the first time in school history. (In other words, MSU knows it has had some bad press lately, thanks to some basketball players getting arrested and no state budget, why not toot its own horn when there's something good to report. Well, that's probably only partially true. But that's sort of how I felt about it when I was there yesterday.) Anyway, then Greg and I went out to his parents' house for a picnic at our of their ponds. The boys went fishin' and I hung out with Peggy, Angela, her mom and Elijah and got some sun. Not that I want to be sunburned, but it's refreshing to know it's warm enough to get burned. My nose and shoulders got the best of it. Last night we went to Paducah with Jaclyn and Bryan to celebrate his birthday at Outback. It was yummy, especially the Bloomin' Onion. Then we went to the mall for a bit and Books-A-Million, where I found a fun toy for work. But only because I'm a nerd do I think magnetic poetry is going to be fun at my metal desk. (I do realize I just wrote that I've enjoyed my time at home this weekend, then went on to tell about how I spent most of Saturday not at home. Still, it was relaxing and didn't involve much effort.) This morning I woke up at my regular too-early-for-a-weekend hour, ate breakfast and then returned to the bed and slept until 9:30. It was fabulous. Then we went to church and out to lunch with Brandon. I've spent this afternoon folding clothes, washing clothes, cleaning up around here, making a CD... And I think I frustrate Greg on days like this because he's not good at sticking around the house doing odds and ends when it's beautiful outside. Granted, it would be a great day to do something outside. Still, after the busy week I had, I'm in the mood to just hang out. He'd like to play golf, but I don't think he can find anybody to go with him and decided to settle for flipping between two golf tournaments on TV. So the Cardinals had the bases loaded with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning, when they were down three runs this afternoon. Albert Pujols comes to the plate, fouls several pitches. The commentators rattle off all these statistics about how Pujols has a better batting average so far this season (Yes, it's only April.) when he's behind in the count and how he's clutch with the bases loaded. He hits the ball far and hard, Cardinals fans cheer more than they already were, thinking he just hit a grand slam for the win... The Rockies outfielder reaches up and catches it at the wall. Six more inches, if that, and it was gone. Good thing it's only April and the Reds beat the Cubs in 10 innings today. I think it's easier to be into baseball when it's warm outside. I mean, it's hard to appreciate the boys of summer when it's snowing outside like it did here Tuesday. Yes, it snowed and I got sunburned in the same week in the same town.

 Michael shared this quote with me at work today before lunch. And I still think it's funny: "Never try to teach a pig to sing; it wastes your time and it annyos the pig." Paul Dickson. Who's Paul Dickson, you ask? Well, I asked the same thing, so I looked him up. Apparently he's an author who's written a variety of books, including some on baseball. What this has to do with a pig is beyond me. Here is a quote about words. It's funny to me to quote people talking about words. Words about words. "There are little constellations of language here and there, and the meaning of a word changes according to its context in the constellation." Margaret Atwood, Canadian novelist and poet

 Yes, I've neglected the blog this week. That's unfortunate because I had some randomness to share. First, Ryan decided to let me know he is indeed alive. You'd think Cincinnati was a world away the way we go months without even an e-mail. It's good to hear from him, though, because it's always familiar. I like that about our friendship. Being baseball season, Greg and I are hoping to make it to a Red-Cards game in Cincinnati (I wonder if I could fit in Skyline and King's Island, too?). Hopefully that happens. Anyway, Ryan said when I blog he feels like I'm talking to him. I like that because sometimes when I blog I wonder if I'm talking to anyone or maybe just a wall. Still, it's nice to know somebody feels included. I also ate dinner with Cassie on Wednesday night in Clarksville. It was a spur-of-the-moment trip there because I needed a venting-talking session and she seemed to be a good person. I realized for maybe the first time how alike we really are. On the surface she seems to be party girl who likes to be the center of attention and I'm the one who prefers a small, close group of friends and shies from the spotlight. But really it comes down to we both wish we were low-maintenance but we're high-maintenance and we want relationships to be refreshing not routine. While talking about that, she said she often tells her boyfriend Zac she just wishes he'd leave her a random Post-It Note with a sweet note. I can't count the times I've told Greg the same thing and even reversed the gesture and left him nice notes on the bathroom mirror when I leave for work and he's still in bed. I guess Post-It Notes represent something deeper to us, and it's probably just our mom's fault because she got us hooked on the lovely, sticky paper. Alright, on to politics... Gov. Fletcher could lead the legislators to a budget or his tax modernization plan. Some would probably say he's one person and he can't bear that total responsibility. But I say he's the leader and he has a job to do, and that's to be productive in state government. The most important thing state government does is operate the different departments and such throughout the state, but nobody can do that without a budget. Yes, partisan politics got in the way. Almost every budget or tax vote was passed or rejected along party lines. Surely each side could have some good points and the legislators would be mature enough to learn the art of compromise. Then again, you have a party controlling the governor's office for the first time in more than three decades, so what can you expect? I voted for Fletcher, and I don't totally regret that. But I think he went in there trying to do too much at first. He'll be in office for four years. How about getting a budget through the first year, then worrying about overhauling the state's tax system. I mean, the legislators wouldn't have to worry about a budget next year if they'd pass one this year, so give them one thing at a time. On that note, here's a funny story, thanks to Michael. The Ant and the Grasshopper OLD VERSION: The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the ant is warm and well fed. The grasshopper has no food or shelter, so he dies out in the cold. MORAL OF THE STORY: Be responsible for yourself! MODERN VERSION: The ant works hard in the withering heat all summer long, building his house and laying up supplies for the winter. The grasshopper thinks he's a fool and laughs and dances and plays the summer away. Come winter, the shivering grasshopper calls a press conference and demands to know why the ant should be allowed to be warm and well fed while others are cold and starving. CBS, NBC, and ABC show up to provide pictures of the shivering grasshopper next to a video of the ant in his comfortable home with a table filled with food. America is stunned by the sharp contrast. How can this be, that in a country of such wealth, this poor grasshopper is allowed to suffer so? Kermit the Frog appears on Oprah with the grasshopper, and everybody cries when they sing, "It's Not Easy Being Green." Jesse Jackson stages a demonstration in front of the ant's house where the news stations film the group singing, "We shall overcome." Jesse then has the group kneel down to pray to God for the grasshopper's sake. Tom Daschle and John Kerry exclaim in an interview with Peter Jennings that the ant has gotten rich off the back of the grasshopper, and both call for an immediate tax hike on the ant to make him pay his "fair share." Finally, the EEOC drafts the "Economic Equity and Anti-Grasshopper Act," retroactive to the beginning of the summer. The ant is fined for failing to hire a proportionate number of green bugs and, having nothing left to pay his retroactive taxes, his home is confiscated by the government. Hillary gets her old law firm to represent the grasshopper in a defamation suit against the ant, and the case is tried before a panel of federal judges that Bill appointed from a list of single-parent welfare recipients. The ant loses the case. The story ends as we see the grasshopper finishing up the last bits of the ant's food while the government house he is in, which just happens to be the ant's old house, crumbles around him because he doesn't maintain it. The ant has disappeared in the snow. The grasshopper is found dead in a drug related incident and the house, now abandoned, is taken over by a gang of spiders who terrorize the once peaceful neighborhood. MORAL OF THE STORY: Vote Republican.

 "At the end of the day, what's important is if you think the people around you have maybe had a better day because of some of the things you've done." --Maggie Daley, Chicago Mayor Rich Daley's wife

 I decided Saturday afternoon I wanted to go hang out with my mom. So, Greg and I went to Louisville about 2 p.m. Saturday and got there in time to have dinner with Mom. We spent Sunday just hanging out with my parents (Greg and I had a marvelous come-from-behind victory against my parents in Rook and I tied my mom in Scrabble...) and later Poppy, Kevin, Laine and Milla. We ate steak and they had cheesecake while I ate my sugar-free Snickers Pie dessert and watched the Master's. I got to bond with my beautiful niece and had some much-needed rest at my parents' house. I was worried about making the in-laws angry for changing Easter plans, but Peggy seemed to understand a girl needing her mom. I wrote a little Saturday about how I sometimes put on my tough exterior when I talk about diabetes. People ask how I'm dealing with it and I answer with some optimistic "Oh, it's been a change, but I feel better" or "I don't mind the insulin shots." While those things are true, sometimes it would be more honest to say, "Yeah, I miss snacking in the middle of the afternoon just because I want to" or "It sucks to stick my stomach with a needle before every meal and before I go to bed." There's no doubt it's made me more disciplined, but there's no doubt sometimes I just have to wonder why I have to deal with this. Contradictions are the story of my emotions. I truly see the both sides of things so much of the time, and I really want to see diabetes as a means to a healthier life, not a mystery that burdens my days. (OK, I realize I'm repeating myself, but this is my blog and I can repeat myself as much as I would like.) Last night Greg and I were having sing-a-long time driving back from Louisville. Sometimes it's hard to find music we both want to listen to in the car. (Actually, he wanted to listen to the Giants-Padres baseball game...um, who cares. They both play in California, and do I really want to hear about Barry Bonds hitting another homerum? Although I don't think he did last night.) Anyway, we listened to Bebo Norman, an artist on which we agree. I've listened to Bebo hundreds of times, and Katie and Aaron even played one of his songs in our wedding. Last night one song really put how I was feeling into perspective for me, and I think Greg too once I told him Bebo's word summed it up: I got a little hope in my pocket Want to share of it with you Just be careful that you dont drop it Dont worry if you do Cause Ive got broken down inside me And I might just need some help But I will get by Hey, hey And Ive got demons in my history Got bone beneath my skin Ive been taken by a mystery Yes Ive been taken in And sometimes voices down inside me Try to fight me for myself I will get by Hey, hey Cause what have I got to live for There is nothing beating in my chest And what have I got to live for When this world starts turning Its burning me up Im alright I used to think love was just a barter Second hand coincidence What doesnt kill you just makes you harder So I use my common sense Keeping cold to keep my distance Till I tuck my pride away I will get by Yeah, yeah Cause what have I got to live for There is nothing beating in my chest And what have I got to live for When this world starts turning Its burning me up Im alright But I am not afraid No I am not afraid And I will not go crazy I got a little hope here in my pocket Want to share of it with you Just be careful that you dont drop it Dont worry if you do Cause Ive got voices down inside me And I might just need some help I will get by Hey, hey What have I got to live for Theres nothing beating in my chest And what have I got to live for When this world starts turning Burning me up When my heart is hurting Im learning about love When this world starts turning Its burning me up Im alright

 A couple days this week I got frustrated with my diabetes. Most of the time I'm pretty accepting of it and how it affects my life. But some days are tougher, and I try not to dwell on those. But, in all honesty, it sucks some days. Still, I continue to be encouraged at the right times. One of those times was Thursday with an article in The Courier-Journal. If this athlete can live a fine life with diabetes, I can do. And the story does a good job of explaining this disease, which is sort of a mystery. Battling more than pitchers Top prospect Smitherman deals with diabetes every day By BRIAN BENNETT Dane Sardinha assumed the worst the first time he saw muscular outfielder Stephen Smitherman pull a black medical bag out of his locker and jam a needle into his leg. "I was like, `This guy is shooting steroids right in front of everybody,'" said Sardinha, who played with Smitherman last year at Double-A Chattanooga. In this era of heightened steroid suspicion surrounding baseball, most of Smitherman's new teammates shared the same thought. The truth is, Smitherman a top Cincinnati Reds hitting prospect who will open the season in Richmond tonight with the Louisville Bats must take four injections a day merely to function. Smitherman, the Reds' minor league Player of the Year last season, is an insulin-dependent diabetic. "People always look at me and are like, `Ah, I thought you were on steroids,'" he said. "It's really not funny, because if I don't take my shots, I don't live. I get a little tired of explaining myself." The explanations rarely cease, however. Not for someone dealing with a disease that's often misunderstood and rarely associated with elite-level athletes. There are more than 18 million diabetics in the United States, according to the American Diabetes Association. Fewer than 10 percent of those diagnosed have Type 1 diabetes, as Smitherman does. His pancreas does not produce insulin, which is the hormone that converts sugars and starches into energy the body needs for daily activities. Though the disease can be controlled through insulin injections, diabetes left unchecked can lead to serious complications such as heart disease, blindness and organ and nerve damage. Diabetes is the sixth-leading cause of death in the United States, according to the Centers for Disease Control. Several high-profile athletes including Hall of Fame pitcher Catfish Hunter, Olympic gold medal swimmer Gary Hall Jr. and hockey legend Bobby Clarke have succeeded despite having Type 1 diabetes. But experts say coping with the disease can be challenging for athletes. "It takes a lot of commitment, in addition to everything you have to do to become a well-trained athlete at the highest level," said Paula Harper, president and founder of the Diabetes Exercise and Sports Association. "You have to learn how your body deals with exercise and playing sports so you can always make the right choices. You have to always be on a schedule." The nature of Smitherman's chosen profession presents its own challenges. Many Type I diabetics test their blood sugar several times a day. Smitherman does so only in the morning and at night because the pain from pricking his fingers makes it hard to grip a bat. He takes an insulin shot before breakfast, lunch and dinner and once more before going to sleep. It's important to keep those shots and meals within the same hour every day, but long bus rides, rain delays and extra-inning games can make that difficult. Minor fluctuations in his schedule can have major consequences, such as what happened in a Double-A game last summer. The game's unusual 5 p.m. starting time threw Smitherman's schedule out of whack, and he began to feel woozy while standing in the outfield during one of the middle innings. He was experiencing hypoglycemia, which occurs when a diabetic's blood sugar gets too low and which can lead to unconsciousness. Smitherman usually can bring his blood sugar back to normal quickly with a candy bar or sugary drink, but he doesn't carry any sweets in his uniform pockets because the heat will turn them to mush. Since there already were two out in the inning, he decided to wait it out and address the problem in the dugout. But the other team put together a time-consuming rally, and suddenly 20 minutes had passed with Smitherman still wobbling on the field. "I got to the point where I was like, man, I need some help," he said. Struggling to maintain his balance, he waved to the dugout before going down on one knee. Trainer Steve Baumann rushed out and asked him, "Where are you?" and "What day is it?" Smitherman said he knew the answers but couldn't produce a response. Paramedics arrived, but Smitherman said he was fine after teammate Gary Senjem brought him a soda from the clubhouse. Smitherman insisted he could have returned to the game, and he played the next day without any ill effects. Still, it was a scary moment and one that could be repeated in Louisville this summer. "Episodes like that are going to happen, and they're hard to predict," Smitherman said. "What I should have done is call timeout right away. I'll never wait like that again." Baumann will serve as the Bats' trainer this season, so he is fully aware of Smitherman's condition. He keeps an emergency box of Snickers near the dugout in case anything happens. "Stephen does a great job of monitoring himself," Baumann said. "I just try to look out and see if he's getting fatigued at times. You've just got to be prepared and understand what to look for." Bats manager Rick Burleson also became familiar with Smitherman's situation while managing him last year in the Arizona Fall League. "He's just got to communicate with me if there's a problem," Burleson said. "There has not been one situation, either in the fall league or any time in the spring, where it's been an issue." Smitherman, 25, doesn't want to be defined by his disease, and he doesn't expect to be treated different than anyone else. But there's little denying that his condition played a role in where he is today. Diabetes runs in Smitherman's family; his father, grandfather and aunt all have it. But he was the first to be diagnosed as a child. A stomach virus led to the onset of diabetes when he was 11 years old. He adjusted quickly and developed into an outstanding high school athlete in Hartshorne, Okla., a dusty, two-stoplight town in the southeast corner of the state. Howard Schnellenberger recruited Smitherman to play quarterback for the University of Oklahoma. But then John Blake replaced Schnellenberger and wanted Smitherman to switch to tight end. That position change would have required significant weight gain, a medical risk he was unwilling to take. Instead, he went off to play junior-college baseball at Eastern Oklahoma State. Brian Rhees, the baseball coach at Arkansas-Little Rock, discovered Smitherman there by accident while scouting another player. He couldn't believe that no other school was recruiting this raw but undeniably powerful 6-foot-4, 230-pound athlete. "I kept asking myself, `What am I missing here?'" Rhees said. "His medical condition was a real scary subject for a lot of organizations and for a lot of colleges. But at the same time, imagine how disciplined one has to be with that condition. It's not like you can ever take a day off from your insulin. In the end, the discipline imparted by his diabetes is what helped make him a very good baseball player." A couple of times during his two years at Little Rock, Smitherman had to have a Snickers or a peppermint brought to him on the field, Rhees said. But what set him apart was not his diabetes but a work ethic unmatched by any player Rhees had seen. That work ethic helped turn Smitherman into a polished power hitter by his senior season. Yet he did not get drafted until the 23rd round of the 2000 draft. Scout Jimmy Gonzales, who first noticed Smitherman in junior college, convinced the Reds to select him. Gonzales once had coached a diabetic player in college and knew the facts. "You could tell right away Stephen had all the major league tools," Gonzales said. "His diabetes may have been the reason so many teams passed on him. But I looked at him as someone who was forced to become disciplined at an early age. I knew he had what it takes." Smitherman has proved Gonzales right. He has averaged nearly 20 home runs while batting close to .300 his first four professional seasons. Last year he hit .310 with 19 homers at Chattanooga and smacked the game-winning home run at the Major League Futures Game as part of All-Star weekend. In fact, Smitherman's only failure thus far happened last season in Louisville. After he received a brief promotion to the Reds as a bench player, he was sent to Triple-A. He hit just .127 in 17 games and was demoted back to Double-A. In retrospect, he said not playing regularly for several days in Cincinnati, plus his desire to return to the major leagues quickly, threw off his timing at the plate. "I was pressing a little bit," he said. "Instead of taking my time and just see the ball, hit the ball, I was trying to hit the ball into the Ohio River. They probably could have thrown me a beach ball up there and I wouldn't have hit it." The Reds called Smitherman back up in late August, and he hit his first major league home run against Milwaukee. They have few doubts that he'll succeed this time around in Triple-A. "People in Louisville didn't get an accurate assessment of what this guy is," Cincinnati farm director Tim Naehring said. "He's going to be a good one." Those who have been teammates with Smitherman for a while don't notice much different about him. He eats the same meals off the clubhouse spread, except that he sticks to meats and greens and avoids starches. He goes out with the boys after a game; he just drives everybody home since he doesn't drink alcohol. Now when Sardinha sees Smitherman poke a syringe in his thigh or arm in the Bats clubhouse, he has only respect. "It just makes you think, `Thank God you don't have to do that every day for your whole life,'" he said. Taking four shots a day can be a headache, Smitherman admits. But he doesn't complain, and he's happy to talk openly about it. He is on the doorstep of a major league career, and one day he'd like to use that platform to inform more people about diabetes. "If people see my face and hear about my condition on television every day, they'll say, `Well, he's a diabetic. Look at what he's doing,'" Smitherman said. "There is a lot of misunderstanding about diabetics. People say they can't do this or they can't do that, and that's just not true."

 I bought a Rascal Flatts CD of my own today. It was nice to listen to it as I was running errands around town today. And I should mention it is beautiful here. About 75 and sunny. Today I got some funny e-mail forwards. YOU KNOW YOU GREW UP IN THE '80s OR EARLY '90s IF... 1. You've ever ended a sentence with the word "PSYCHE." 2. You watched the Pound Puppies. 3. You can sing the rap to the "Fresh Prince of Belair" and can do the "Carlton." 4. Girls wore biker shorts under their skirts and felt stylishly sexy. 5. You yearned to be a member of the Baby-Sitters Club and tried to start a club of your own. 6. You owned those lil' Strawberry Shortcake pals scented dolls. 7. You know that "WOAH" comes from Joey on Blossom. 8. Two words: Hammer Pants 9. You watched "Fraggle Rock." 10. You had plastic streamers on your handle bars ... and "spokey-dokes" or playing cards on your spokes for that incredible sound effect. 11. You can sing the entire theme song to "DuckTales." (Woo ooh!) 12. It was actually worth getting up early on a Saturday to watch cartoons. 13. You wore a ponytail on the side of your head. 14. You saw the original "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" on the big screen ... and still know the turtles names. 15. You got super-excited when it was Oregon Trail day in computer class at school. 16. You made your mom buy one of those clips that would hold your shirt in a knot on the side. 17. You played the game "MASH" (Mansion, Apartment, Shelter, House) 18. You wore stonewashed Jordache jean jackets and were proud of it. 19. L.A. Gear ... need I say more? 20. You wanted to change your name to "jEM" in Kindergarten. (She's truly outrageous.) 21. You remember reading "Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing" and all the Ramona books. 22. You know the profound meaning of "wax on, wax off." 23. You wanted to be a Goonie. 24. You ever wore fluorescent clothing. (ome of us head-to-toe) 25. You can remember what Michael Jackson looked like before his nose fell off and his cheeks shifted. 26. You have ever pondered why Smurfette was the only female smurf. 27. You took lunch boxes to school and traded Garbage Pail Kids in the schoolyard. 28. You remember the craze, then the banningof slap bracelets. 29. You still get the urge to say "not" after every sentence. 30. You remember Hypercolor T-shirts. 31. Barbie and the Rockers was your favorite band. 32. You thought She-ra (Princess of Power!) and He-Man should hook up. 33. You thought your childhood friends would never leave because you exchanged handmade friendship bracelets. 34. You ever owned a pair of jelly shoes. (And like #24, probably in neon colors, too.) 35. After you saw Pee-Wee's Big Adventure you kept saying "I know you are, but what am I"? 36. You remember "I've fallen and I can't get up." 37. You remember going to the skating rink before there were inline skates. 38. You ever got seriously injured on a Slip and Slide. 39. You have ever played with a Skip-It. 40. You had or attended a birthday party at McDonalds. 41. You've gone through this nodding your head in agreement. 42. You remember Popples. 43. "Don't worry, be happy." 44. You wore like eight pairs of socks over tights with high top Reeboks. 45. You wore socks scrunched down (and sometimes still do, getting yelled at by younger, hip members of the family). 46. You remember boom boxes and walking around with one on your shoulder like you were all that. 47. You remember watching both "Gremlins" movies. 48. You know what it meant to say "Care Bear Stare." 49. You remember watching "Rainbow Bright" and "My Little Pony Tales." 50. You thought Doogie Howser/Samantha Micelli was hot. 51. You remember Alf, the furry brown alien from Melmac. 52. You remember New Kids on the Block when they were cool and don't even flinch when people refer to them as "NKOTB." 53. You knew all the characters names and their life stories on "Saved By The Bell," the original class. 54. You know all the words to Bon Jovi's "Shot Through the Heart." 55. You just sang those words to yourself. 56. You remember watching Magic vs. Bird. 57. Homemade Levi shorts, the shorter the better 58. You remember when mullets were cool! 59. You had a mullet! 60. You still sing "We are the World." 61. You tight rolled your jeans. 62. You owned a bannana clip. 63. You remember "Where's the Beef?" 64. You used to (and probably still do) say "What you talkin' about Willis?" 65. You had big hair and you knew how to use it. 66. You're still singing "Shot Through the Heart" in your head, aren't you? PRAISE THE LORD There was a little old lady who was very spiritual who would step out on her porch every day, raise her arms to the sky and yell "Praise the Lord." One day, an atheist bought the house next door to her, and he became very irritated with the spiritual lady. So after a month or so of her yelling, "Praise the Lord" from her porch, he went outside on his porch and yelled back, "There is no Lord." Yet, the little old lady continued. One cold, wintery day, when the little old lady couldn't get to the store, she went out on her porch, raised her hands up to the sky and said, "Help me Lord, I have no more money, it's cold, and I have no more food." The next morning, she went outside, and there were three bags of food on the porch, enough to last her a week. "Praise the Lord," she yelled. The Atheist stepped out from the bushes and said, "There is no Lord, hahaha, I bought those groceries!" The little old lady raised her arms to the sky and said, "Praise the Lord, you sent me groceries and you made the Devil pay for them!"

 I watched a Rascal Flatts concert on DVD this afternoon. I love their songs. But the DVD made me want several things: to see Rascal Flatts in concert (and just maybe I can at the end of August at the state fair in Louisville...), to go to the beach (OK, I am going on a Mediterranean cruise and site-seeing tour this summer. I probably shouldn't yearn for any other vacations anytime soon.), to listen to "Mayberry" over and over again (And I did multiple times until Greg had enough...). Sometimes it feels like this world is spinning faster /Than it did in the old days/So naturally, we have more natural disasters/From the strain of a fast pace/Sunday was a day of rest /Now, its one more day for progress /And we cant slow down cause more is best /Its all an endless process/ /(Well) I miss Mayberry/Sitting on the porch drinking ice-cold cherry Coke/Where everything is black and white/Picking on a six string/Where people pass by and you call them by their first name/Watching the clouds roll by/Bye, bye/Sometimes I can hear this old earth shouting/Through the trees as the wind blows/Thats when I climb up here on this mountain/To look through Gods window/Now I cant fly/But I got two feet that get me high up here/Above the noise and city streets/My worries disappear/(Repeat Chorus)/ Sometimes I dream Im driving down an old dirt road/Not even listed on a map/I pass a dad and son carrying a fishing pole/But I always wake up every time I try to turn back/(Repeat Chorus)/Bye, bye/I miss Mayberry, I miss Mayberry In general it made me want to go to a concert... Right now at the top of my wish list are Rascal Flatts, Toby Keith, Alan Jackson, John Mayer and Counting Crows. Dave Matthews and Indigo Girls remain on my list, although I think I've lost count of the number of times I've seen them. I love concerts, which is funny because I can't sing well and can't play an instrument. (Playing the clarinet for three years in middle school probably doesn't count.) Still, music is such a good thing to me. I can associate almost every moment of my life with a song. I can associate most songs with specific moments. (That's sort of like which came first, the chicken or the egg?) Songs remind me of people. Songs give me peace and drown out the literal and figurative noise in this world. I went to several concerts in high school and college. I had some good friends who didn't think twice about a road trip. So, besides Dave (I can only wish I was on a first-name basis with him.) and Indigo Girls, I've seen the Counting Crows (I love the Palace on Fourth Street in Louisville), U2, Color Me Badd (I believe that was my first concert, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I was an eighth grader, for whatever that's worth.), John Michael Montgomery, Third Day, Jennifer Knapp, Caedmon's Call, John Mayer, Dixie Chicks, Clay Walker, Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds acoustic (And that was at Murray State. Impressive, huh?), Rebecca St. James and probably a few others I can't seem to think of at the moment. And I've seen Toby Keith and Alison Krauss sing the National Anthem at different Titans games.

 Rochelle Riley is a fabulous writer. She's like a mentor to me and helped me get started as a writer in high school. She used to work at The Courier-Journal and I loved reading her columns because I could picture most of what she wrote about. She loved Louisville and always found inspiring stories to tell or hot topics on which to take a stand. She moved to Detroit to write for The Free-Press there. I still love reading her columns. And the thing is, her word choice is so excellent that I can still picture most of what she talks about. She's black and a single mother of her adopted daughter. She's from North Carolina. On the surface we don't have anything in common. But I admire her passion for people and words and how she weaves the two together so beautifully. She wrote a urlLink column about a museum in Detroit and somehow made me care about it. I have been thinking about my high school friend (well, specifically freshman year friend) Elliott this week, which is the 10th anniversary of when Kurt Cobain killed himself. OK, odd, I know, but let me explain. My group of friends my freshman year (we later "split" because of some conflicting interests) included several Nirvana fans. Anyway, I remember sitting in freshman English class next to Elliott the day after Cobain killed himself and we had do some kind of project that day and somehow we did ours about how the world was mourning him. I'm not real sure what the point of the project was or what exactly we even did, but I remember Elliott being so sad about the whole thing. I think for him it was deeper than a rock star killing himself at 27 years old. I think it was about losing someone who stood for (and sang about) something so different than what was trendy at that point. My friend Kent is getting married April 24. Kent and I have been friends since eighth grade and remained friends through our group's social split in ninth grade. (It was dramatic at the time.) Anyway, Kent was the guy who was friends with everyone. He was this unifying force among us. Anyway, his wedding is in Louisville soon and there is certain to be some random people there, hopefully including Elliott. Kent also transferred to Murray State from UK our sophomore year of college. So we have lots of mutual high school and college friends. His wedding will be a reunion of sorts.

 PANGLOSSIAN means blindly or naively optimistic.

 Baseball is here. Too bad the Cardinals weren't on TV. Or maybe it's better they weren't, as they lost to the Brewers. Still, President Bush was there to throw out the opening pitch. Right over the plate. And I'm sure he picked up some votes over John Kerry. Dick Cheney was in Cincinnati. I don't know if his opening pitch was a strike, and I'm not sure if he helped the Republican cause in Ohio. I thought I was excited to watch the NCAA basketball championship last night. But not so much. I like championships. I like the emotions and stories associated with winning, and even somtimes losing. But I never got interested last night. Before the game, we grilled out and played Rook with Greg's parents until the game came on. But then Jaclyn came over and I ended up sitting in the kitchen through most of the first half talking with her. I sat down to watch the second half and Katy called. I talked to her for a half hour or so, and that was more interesting than the basektball game. So, I called it a night after that. Georgia Tech apparently called it a night before the game even got started. Maybe the team just needed Michael to sing its fight song...

 Last night Greg said the second best thing that could happen in the NCAA Tournament is Duke losing. I agree. (The best thing would be Kentucky winning the national championship, but so much for that this year.) Anyway, thanks UConn. And now I'll cheer for Georgia Tech. Greg says he can't cheer for an ACC school. I say, as long as it isn't Duke or North Carolina, who cares. Here's a new word: DELTIOLOGY means postcard collecting. My mom, Cassie and her boyfriend Zac came to visit yesterday. We had a good time. We went to lunch at Applebee's then watched a soccer game on TV. Not very exciting, I know, but we wanted to see Freddy Adu play. Then we watched some of the Georgia Tech-Oklahoma State game. Greg was cheering for Oklahoma State, well, maybe more so Eddie Sutton. My mom said there was no way she could cheer for Eddie Sutton because "he left Kentucky in a probation mess and came out smelling like a rose." When Georgia Tech won, she said, "Take that Eddie Sutton." Pretty funny. And I agree with her. Then we went to eat dinner at Tom's Grille. Cassie and Zac headed back to Clarksville and the rest of us went to David and Jennifer's for Dumplin's strawberry cake for Nana's birthday. I didn't eat as many carbs at dinner so I could have some cake. It was so yummy, and I guessed correctly because my blood sugar didn't go up. That's a moral victory for me. Anyway, then we came home and finished watching UConn beat Duke. My mom stayed here last night, and that's only the second time we've had an overnight guest. I hadn't seen Cassie in about a month, so it was fun to hang out with her. She's really one of the funniest people I know. It was also the first time we've seen her and Zac since Murray State beat Austin Peay in the OVC Tournament. It was nice to talk about that. Although, they enjoyed hearing about how the only four players Mick Cronin has recruited since he's was hired about a year ago have been arrested -- all in the last past month. I woke up at 7 this morning. That's alright, except it was really more like 6 because we lost an hour last night, thanks to springing forward. Time zones and time changes are a mystery to me. I don't really comprehend it. Yet, somehow, I prefer the eastern time zone, especially in the winter.

 I've talked with (or e-mailed) four people today about Survivor. It's funny to me that everyone has a different idea of who should win or who is playing the game well. I have to admit, Boston Rob cracks me up. Usually he's an egotistical guy who thinks he owns the game. But, still, he's hilarious. And he loves (um, maybe loves...) Amber. She's alright, too. But together they are pretty funny. I just wonder how much of their relationship is genuine and how much is a strategy to try to win a million dollars. Anyway, last night on the show, the tribes were mixed up, except the weren't really mixed up. The pulled new buffs out of a jar and ended up just reversing tribes. Except Amber, who was shuffled to the other side to even up the teams. So, Boston Rob and Amber are split up. And it appeared to break Rob's heart. How sweet. I mean, he's going to live, it's just a game. He said he didn't care if the other tribe was living at his former camp with his stuff, but he did care that the other tribe has his girl. Sweet in a Boston Rob way. So, I'm rooting for them. And I hope there's still some spark for them when the game is over. Amber could have easily been voted out last night, but instead Jerri went. And that's fine by me. I got an email about trees and birthdays today and some strange connection between the two. For certain birthdays, certain trees and their descriptions were associated. My birthday is a month from tomorrow and here's what the email said about me and my tree: Poplar Tree (the Uncertainty) -- looks very decorative, talented, not very self-confident, extremely courageous if necessary, needs goodwill and pleasant surroundings, very choosy, often lonely, great animosity, great artistic nature, good organizer, tends to lean toward philosophy, reliable in any situation, takes partnership seriously. Interesting.

 ...also known as feeling. I often react emotionally to things that may not necessarily call for such a reaction. Then again, there are not many secrets about how I feel with anyone. Yet I shouldn't make decisions, including reactions, based on my feelings. And I do that much too often. That's my most recent revelation. With that, I often justify my actions and reactions as well as those of others with personality type. I think personalities are powerful reflections of who we are, our intentions and our perspectives. But I think people like me -- perfect melancholy people -- to often say, "Well, that's just how I am." And move on. Some of my personality traits are weaknesses, though, and I should want to become a better person. There are people around me who I admire for different reasons. I spend a lot of time thinking about why I get along with this person and click with this person but am annoyed by this person ... When really I should be thankful I know these people and take from them what I admire. Not take from them, but use them as role models in whatever aspect of life might be their strengths. I'm stuck in my perfectionist, stubborn ways too often because that's "how I am." Really I need to recognize there's room to grow. Quick weekend run down: I worked Friday night. Yesterday I ran the dreaded Rite-Aid errand, when I had to buy extra diabetes supplies for our trip. (The dreaded part would be that insurance didn't cover them this time because it was too soon ...) Then I wasn't feeling super so I laid around much of the afternoon, watching The Learning Channel and other lazy-afternoon TV. Last night we went to Greg's parents' house for dinner, a trip talk and some cards. This morning Greg treated me to Cracker Barrel for breakfast, then we went to church. I took a picture for work, then we went to see "The Day After Tomorrow" with Brandon. I've spent much of the evening on the phone -- with Jodi, Katy, my mom, Greg's mom -- and now the thunder and lightning have arrived so I'm going to end this so I won't be on the computer near the window.

 And I hate it. The last two mornings my blood sugar has been totally normal when I woke up then after breakfast it rises too high. This hasn't been a problem, and I don't understand why all of the sudden I'd need more insulin at breakfast. Dang it. It's so much a guessing game, and that just doesn't seem to be a way anybody should have to live their life. Yet I know the frustration, and headaches, will pass -- eventually. Speaking of a game, though, I did go to Greg's baseball game last night. He's really adorable with the kids, and his team even won. The best part was a run down between first and secon. The boy kept trying to either get back to first or onto second while the fielders tossed the ball back and forth. Eventually the first baseman overthrew it and the kid got on second. Lucky. I kept thinking it was going to rain, but the clouds held off, thankfully.

 I got a letter from a man in jail today. I've covering a story that involves him and another man both of whom are accused of two counts of attempted murder of a police officer for allegedly opening a tank of anhydrous ammonia during a drug bust. When I looked at the envelope, I thought it was going to be hate mail, but it really wasn't. He just wanted to tell me that he didn't ask for this 15 minutes of fame and would eventually clear his name. OK. Then he told me some of his story, as he called it. Then apologized for possibly wasting my time, but time was all he had at this point. Random.

 Saturday night I talked to my friend Katy about stem-cell research. She knows a little bit about it because of her biology minor. Anyway, she said she believes stem cells can come from umbilical cords, which would mean you don't need a fetus to get the cells to manipulate into necessary cells (such as insulin-producing cells) to cure diseases (such as diabetes). I just think politics weighs the whole thing down. But I still want to learn more about it. The headaches resurfaced last night and this afternoon because of some fluctuations in my blood sugar levels. But I'm doing my best to be patient. I spent a good portion of my work day in court today. In the morning a woman pleaded guilty to shooting her husband in the head (attempted murder) and this afternoon there was some debate about some records taken from a funeral home during a fraud investigation. And I saw Greg in passing both times I was at the judicial building. I thought I might, and was glad I did.

 Friday night was family time. Greg and I ate at Captain D's with his parents and then all came back to our house and played Rook. And Greg and I won both games. Saturday I woke up early to go yard sale-ing with Jaclyn. We didn't find much. But we did go to Lowe's and dream about projects we want to do at our houses. Little by little I'm sure we'll get them done. Then I went shopping in Paducah with Greg's mom. I didn't find much, but it was fun. We ate at the Holman House. Usually I'm not a fan of cafeteria-style restaurants, but this might have been the exception. The food was good AND they had my favorite low-carb cheesecake that I usually get a Dumplin's in Murray. I've got to figure out where I can order because one day low-carb eating isn't going to be trendy and I'm going to need to maintain a supply of the cheesecake. Also, Saturday, Greg was super productive around the house, which I really appreciate. He even vacuumed out of my car, which I washed Friday afternoon after I went to Wal-Mart and bought a hose. Last night we had friends over for a cook out and game night. It was a lot of fun. There were some friends from college and a couple other random couples. We ate hamburgers and such, then played Trivia Pursuit and the Name Game (although you all probably don't know our version of the Name Game...). And I even stayed up until midnight. I've been thinkin' this weekend about my personality and there's no wonder Greg sometimes thinks I'm difficult. I like to be independent, but love to be with the people I love. I want to please people, especially people important to me, but I'm stubborn with lots of expectations.

 I like politics. I like religion. Somehow the two weave themselves into many, many issues. I even like the debates and hot-topic conversations. Stem-cell research -- an issue I've never taken much interest or cared to know anything about -- has its political and religious arguments. But for some reason it seems more about saving lives to me. But I can't figure out what I think about it. Selfishly, the though of a cure for diabetes seems worth almost anything. But is it risking any others' lives? If so, nobody should suffer in solving health problems. But what if the cells come from embryos donated to science that can't function in other capacities? Goodness, it's a tough issue, but I thought I'd share this article about it from the May 17, 2004, issue of Time. One day I'm sure I'll develop an opinion on it all. Katie Zucker, 16, has sky blue eyes, wild curly hair and a dazzling smile. She is a champion equestrian and an A student. Her parents are doting, her friends devoted. So what's not to envy? Well, there's the small rectangular box attached to her belt that pumps insulin through a tube into her hip. To test her blood, she pricks her finger seven times a day. "It's scary," she says. "If your blood sugar goes too low, you could go into a coma." Sometimes at school her eyes swell, and she can't see the blackboard. She knows that her diabetes can result in kidney failure, amputation and blindness. But mostly, she says, "I try to think it won't affect me too much in the future." If there's any hope for a cure for Zucker and more than 1 million other Americans with Type 1 diabetes, the most debilitating form of the disease, it may lie in a revolutionary new field of research based on manipulating human embryonic stem cells. These building blocks of life, when isolated in a microscopic cluster of cells, can morph into any kind of tissue. (So-called adult stem cells, which can be harvested without sacrificing embryos, can turn into only a few tissue types.) One day, scientists hope, the entire genetic makeup of a patient like Zucker could be transferred into a cloned human egg that can produce the insulin-producing cells her body lacks. But some religious groups believe the clumps of 100 to 200 cells from which embryonic stem cells are taken represent a potential human life as worthy of protection as any child's. Three years ago, President George W. Bush, under pressure from both sides, adopted a compromise that ended up choking off most federal research funds to the field. He said at the time that although the research offered "great promise" in saving lives, it could lead to "growing human beings for spare body parts." Today a brush-fire challenge to Bush's stem-cell policy is spreading across the U.S., fueled by the frustration of such families as Zucker's who have allied themselves with patient activists for other diseases, major universities, several state legislatures and members of Congress. Last month 206 U.S. Representatives wrote to the President, calling on him to fund stem-cell research on spare embryos from a pool of some 400,000 stored in the freezers of in vitro fertilization clinics. These embryos, only a few days old and smaller than the head of a pin, will probably be discarded unless they are donated to science. Embryonic stem cells, the letter noted, can be used to treat "diseases that affect more than 100 million Americans, such as cancer, heart disease, diabetes, Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury ..." The signatories included two dozen pro-life Republicans. Given the emotional nature of the debate, the Bush White House is unlikely to make any sudden moves before the November election. But in a startling rebellion against the federal biomedical establishment, several states are moving forcefully into the vacuum. California and New Jersey have passed laws specifically authorizing the cloning of human eggs to create stem cells (so-called therapeutic cloning), and the legislatures of seven other states, including Illinois and New York, are considering similar bills. This week New Jersey Governor James McGreevey, in a nod to the state's pharmaceutical industry, will inaugurate a $50 million stem-cell institute to be funded with state and private money. In California, activists last month submitted 1.1 million signatures %97 nearly twice as many as necessary %97 to launch a November ballot measure that would underwrite stem-cell research with $3 billion in state bonds over 10 years. The California funds would dwarf federal grants, which have stalled at about $17 million a year for human embryonic research since Bush restricted funding to a few dozen pre-existing stem-cell lines. Only 19 of those turned out to be available. Says Stanford Nobel prizewinner Paul Berg: "California is paving the way for a revolt in a lot of other states." Meanwhile, universities are maneuvering for position, fearing that they could lose their brightest scientists to programs overseas. It was only six years ago that a biologist at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, James Thomson, isolated the first human stem cells from in vitro embryos. But in February, South Korean researchers stunned the scientific world by successfully harvesting stem cells from cloned human embryos %97 considered the most promising avenue for treating disease. A prestigious American investigator moved to Britain, where the research is encouraged. Now Stanford and Harvard hope to raise at least $100 million each for new stem-cell institutes. The universities of Wisconsin and Minnesota are expanding their labs, and in March an anonymous donor gave $25 million to the University of Texas to boost its Houston program. Billions of dollars are at stake in the race for medical cures. California boasts half of the nation's biomedical research capacity and one-third of its biotech companies. The bond initiative, if it passes, would pay to build 12 to 15 new stem-cell research centers, a massive magnet for scientific talent. "California will be the center of stem-cell research for the world," predicts Palo Alto real estate developer Robert Klein, co-chairman of the initiative campaign. Klein, who has contributed $1.4 million of his money toward the effort, touts the economic benefits, forecasting $70 million in tax revenues from new jobs even before any cures are discovered. And if cures are found, the profits would accrue to California companies, along with substantial savings on the state's $114 billion annual health-care bill. inances, however, have little to do with Klein's passion for the measure. Like Janet and Jerry Zucker, Katie's parents and the initiative's other chief organizers, Klein is the father of a diabetic, Jordan, 13. In addition, his mother, 84, has Alzheimer's. Distraught at the federal cutoff of stem-cell research, Klein and the Zuckers, who are Los Angeles film producers, were brought together last year by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, one of the nation's most forceful disease-advocacy groups. They hired a clutch of sophisticated lawyers and political consultants to draft the measure and conduct polls. They enlisted allies from Alzheimer's, cystic fibrosis, Parkinson's and other disease-advocacy groups and spent $2.5 million gathering signatures for the initiative. Ten Nobel prizewinners have endorsed the measure, including David Baltimore, president of the California Institute of Technology, and Berg, who created the first recombinant DNA molecule. Behind the scenes, Silicon Valley venture capitalists are backing what is expected to be a $20 million campaign. It will certainly be a celebrity-studded crusade. Last Saturday, the Zuckers and other Hollywood notables were hosts of a Beverly Hills tribute to Nancy Reagan that raised $2 million for stem-cell research. The former First Lady, who took up the cause after her husband developed Alzheimer's, had earlier written to President Bush in favor of federal funding. But this is the first time Mrs. Reagan has spoken out publicly on the issue. Proponents of the California initiative hope that advocacy by an icon of the conservative movement will help neutralize resistance to the November bond measure. Opponents have barely begun to organize. "We're not Hollywood producers," says Richard Doerflinger, spokesman for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. "We don't have the money they do." Nonetheless, he says, pro-life groups will explain to voters that embryonic stem-cell cloning is "unpromising for cures" and offers "a gateway to all kinds of possible genetic engineering in humans." Although the California measure would initially limit research to embryos less than 12 days old, Doerflinger contends it could lead to "the exploitation of women as 'fetus farms.'" Such arguments have persuaded eight states, including Iowa, Michigan and Kansas, to restrict therapeutic-cloning research. More dramatically, the U.S. House passed legislation last year that would make cloning human cells a crime punishable by up to 10 years in prison. The bill stalled in the Senate, in part because of opposition from Utah Republican Orrin Hatch, who is antiabortion yet favors stem-cell research. The initiative's backers plan to run a grass-roots operation urging the 5 million Californians who are members of disease-advocacy groups to e-mail friends and neighbors. A December poll commissioned by organizers showed that 85% of probable voters have a relative or close friend with one of five illnesses most likely to be a target of the research. The possibility of curing such afflictions as Alzheimer's and diabetes will be the focus of a multimillion-dollar statewide television campaign. "This is not a wedge issue," contends state senator Deborah Ortiz, who was attacked by Catholic Church officials, with little effect, for authoring the law to encourage stem-cell inquiry. "Ours will be a heartwarming message: that millions of people might be cured of diseases." Whatever happens in California is likely to reverberate nationally. Already, breakthroughs in stem-cell science, published almost weekly in medical journals, are ratcheting up the stakes. If the initiative passes in the nation's largest state, "it will put tremendous pressure on the White House to re-evaluate its policy," predicts Daniel Perry, head of the Washington-based Coalition for the Advancement of Medical Research. If it doesn't, scientists claim, the work will move to such research-friendly countries as Israel, Singapore and even China. No one is more aware of the issues than Katie Zucker. A couple of years ago, she visited Congress with her parents to lobby for stem-cell research, and she plans to help generate support for the initiative. "I have dreams and goals in life," she says, fingering her insulin pump. "What keeps me going is that people are working so hard to find a cure."

 I like that this profile thing on here tells me that I've written 79,760 words in my blog. Although I guess that's ... 79,782 now. Anyway, I'm glad it's Friday. It's been a busy, busy week at work. And I'm not really complaining about that because not only does it make the work day go faster but I also will have a nice bit of overtime on my paycheck. Yesterday Eric was gone to a meeting or something in Frankfort, so I had to put out the paper in the morning. I was a bit nervous because that's not my strength in this job. But, I have to say, it went much smoother than I expected. And the front page looks alright. Mission accomplished, I suppose. I'm looking forward to a weekend hanging around here... Play cards. Grill out. Yard sale. It's about the simple things in life, really. I don't know if anybody cares, but the diabetes update would be it's been a really good week. My blood sugar levels have been consistently good and I actually had to eat a cookie this morning because my blood sugar was slightly low. Not that low is a good thing, but it's a change from the high-causing headaches. And because it was only slightly low, it was easy to fix.

 Some notorious typos found in the Bible throughout history: --Blessed are the place-makers (instead of "peacemakers"), Matthew 5:9. --Thou shalt commit adultery, Exodus 20:14. --Know ye not that the unrighteous shall (omitted "not") inherit the kingdom of God, 1 Corinthians 6:9. --Printers (instead of "Princes") have persecuted me without a cause, Psalm 119:161. --Go and sin on (instead of "no") more, John 8:11. --The fool hath said in his heart there is a (instead of "no") God, Psalm 14:1. --Let the children first be killed (instead of "filled"), Mark 7:27. --These are murderers (instead of "murmurers"), complainers, Jude 16. --The murderer shall surely be put together (instead of "to death"), Numbers 25:18. --He hath ears to ear (instead of "hear"), let him hear, Matthew 11:15. --I will ... that women adorn themselves in modern (instead of "modest") apparel, 1 Timothy 2:9. Source: Unknown, but list is commonly circulated among Bible collectors.

 I apologized to Brian at work for flippin' out when he mentioned insulin shock. He doesn't know me very well, as most people at work, so he had no idea I feel challenged by diabetes sometimes. When I talked to him a few minutes ago, he told me he thought I was upset at him, and I hate that because it had nothing to do with him and everything to do with a mystery that consumes me sometimes. He asked if he could go ahead and tell me the story he was going to tell me... His stepdad's blood sugar dropped to 20 last night. He passed out. That's scary stuff, but it's comforting to know it has more to do with him not properly managing the diabetes than just a random scare. That's the thing about the so-called horror stories some people tell me -- usually it's a matter of not making good decisions. Usually. I've been listening to Glen Phillips... It's relaxing. The water's getting deeper and I can't feel my feet I keep on bailing buckets but it flows right back to me And everything is put away, the children are asleep but the water's getting deeper and I can't feel my feet How am I gonna make time This is gonna take time Everything looks different, colors all seem strange Light comes down in shafts here underneath the waves... I am provider, but providence has been swayed And by design nothing is ever the same I thought that time had only one way to go I learned how to swim, but not to breathe underwater... -It Takes Time

 When I was in the hospital in January, Ann, the diabetes educator, told me I seemed tough. Not that it's ever good for someone to have diabetes, but when someone is disciplined and tough, it's easier for them than some others. I think I was scared then. I don't think I'm so tough. I am easily broken. I have headaches a lot, and sometimes that makes me cry. This morning was one of those touchy days because I get frustrated that while I doing everything I know how, I continue to have flunctuating blood sugar levels and headaches. But I was dealing with it -- until someone at work decided to tell me about his dad going into insulin shock, and I'm not even sure what that means. But it doesn't sound good. While I never like to hear diabetes horror stories, today was especially not the day. He (and I know it's not his fault...) didn't get out one sentence when I jumped up from my desk in tears. I really should have more control over my emotions than that, but there is this fear inside that takes away any control I be able to muster up. But I feel better now. Thanks to a chat with Michael and a release of thoughts on here. Good thing because I have several things to do at work today -- MSU athletes in court at two different times today, a planning commission meeting at 5 and a fiscal court meeting at 7. Surely I can keep my emotions in check and move on with my day.

 Here's a deep question to ponder: Your hand has been replaced by a rubber stamp. What does it say? Mine would say: One time... (Then I'd proceed with a random story because I'm good with on-demand stories whether the person with whom I'm conversing cares or not.) I'm going on a cruise from June 3-15, in case anybody (among that mass of faithful readers, and all) has missed that. I've been asked a couple of times where we're going and I can never remember to specifics. Here are the destinations: Athens, Delphi, Thessalonica, Mykonos, Ephesus, Patmos, Rhodes, Crete, Santorini, Corinth, Rome and Vatican City. Istanbul (not Constantinople) was on the list until the cruise company decided that might be a little risky given the current state of international affairs. Trust me, there will be plenty more to tell because I plan on keeping a travel journal. The fact I came home from work a bit past 4 and almost immediately put on a tank top and pajama pants tells you my big plans for the evening. They don't involve leaving the house, for sure. I've decided from 5 to 6 p.m. is the worst hour of TV. Anyway, The Inferno and CSI:Miami come on tonight. Until then, I may clean up a little. Speaking of cleaning up, I was walking around the house this afternoon thinking about how some days I wish we had tons of money so we could do lots of little projects to this house. Then I remember that I don't really like those kind of things and that we don't have lots of money. Then I am thankful living in a perfect is house is one of the few things I'm not high-maintenance about. That's not to say I like a messy house; Greg knows that's far from the truth. I like cleanliness and organizations, but I can deal with other imperfections. This summer I would like to paint the attic, which is a nasty shade of pale green now, complete with a light pink bathroom. (And I mean bathroom, as in the sink, walls and floor. At least the toilet and tub are white.) I think we could afford that, as well as tearing up the carpet in the bathroom (Who puts carpet in the bathroom?) and putting some tile or something down. That's a short list, if I would just take the time to initiate. I've been thinking lately when I am pregnant (emphasis: WHEN), I don't want to find out the baby's sex. Yes, that's coming from the perfectionist planner who thrives on details and developing expectations. I almost think it would be good for me not to know. But, then again, it would be hard. How fun would it be, though, to be surprised. People ask, how would you decorate and buy clothes and such. Well, I've always wanted my baby's room to be in bright, primary colors, so that works for either a boy or girl. And I suppose my child would begin its life with a bunch of yellow clothes. And names? We'd just have to choose a boy's name and a girl's name, which should be too hard because I already have my girl named Catherine Anna, to be called Cate. The boy's is harder for us to agree on. I like Jacob and Isaac, especially Isaac because it means "laughter." But I have awhile, thankfully, on this subject. There are just several babies around me, so it's been on the brain a little more than usual. I like blogging because it's my world on here. I can ramble and babble, repeat myself, whine, be silly, and none of it matters because it's my blog. Others are invited in, even to comment on the randomness now that I figured that out, but how long they stay and how often they return is totally up to them. In the meantime, I'll entertain myself.

 ...at work on a Monday morning but wishin' I wasn't. Work is alright, and most days I even like my job. But I worked 47 hours last week, including more than 12 on Friday and just a bit on Saturday. Then Greg and I went to Louisville on Saturday afternoon. My aunt Kim from New Jersey was in town for the weekend, so it was fun to see her. She's my mom's sister and they two are quite funny together. The older I get, the more I act like them. Mom cooked dinner for everyone -- Poppy, Kim, Greg and I, Cassie and Zac, Kevin and Laine -- Saturday night. And Milla entertained us. She's the most beautiful girl, and such a well-behaved baby. Saturday we did some shopping (I got a few things for my upcoming vacation...) and then ate dinner at Buckhead. Yummy. We also got some Krispy Kremes. I hadn't had a doughnut since January. And while I shouldn't eat them all of the time, it's nice and tasty every now and then. I think I might become addicted to Law and Order. Speaking of shows that are on every night of the week, tonight CSI: Miami goes to New York to introduce that new group. I might have to abandon Horatio and the others if the New York CSI is better. As much as I love TV, I don't need to be so addicted to it. That's part of my personality, though. Like that makes it OK.

 I've been complaining lately about high blood sugar levels. They haven't been anything even close to how high they were when I was admitted to the hospital in January, but they've often risen too high for my liking given me plenty of headaches. Anyway, this morning I woke up early with the intention to exercise (ride the exercise bike). I decided I should check my blood sugar first, knowing exercise directly impacts those numbers. I was low. Yes, that's the complete opposite of the previous problem. Until this morning, I have only experienced a low when I didn't eat enough carbohydrates when I took my fast-acting insulin at a meal. Never random like this. Alright, so I corrected it. I went on with my morning and then about three hours after I ate breakfast I was feeling a little shaky again. I check my blood sugar, and again it was low. Random. So I ate some cheese and crackers. A couple hours later before lunch, it was risen to higher than what I'd like... If it's not one problem, it seems to be another. I guess that's part of the mystery. But it's hard to manage when I can't figure out why the sudden lows and then why it rises in the afternoon. Yesterday I was really motivated to start exercising, more for the long-term benefit, but days like today scare me from introducing a new variable. I met with the hospital CEO today. Just an off-the-record sort of meet-and-greet because he's fairly new to the community and I'm new to the hospital beat for work. We just talked about some of the current drama and fiscal situation at the hospital. He asked me what I thought about some things and actually seemed to listen to my perspective, as an outsider. Apparently he didn't think the last reporter who covered the hospital board and other related affairs was getting the important stories out. And from the little I know first hand, she wasn't. The hospital is important in any community, but it is even more so in a community like Murray, where lots of the same people are involved in different things and the community takes a pride and ownership in its organizations. I just wanted to meet with him when neither of us had a specific agenda -- for me that would be a list of questions to which I'm seeking answers and for him that could be a variety of PRish moves. He seemed opened and honest and said things I'm certain he wouldn't want published in the newspapers. Community journalism is a funny thing in that I've worked here not-quite nine months and I have people who trust me. Another guy involved with the hospital board (among other things, including the local Republican Party) called me trustworthy and professional. That's totally a compliment, and that's what I like about working here. The newspapers office itself is bearable, but I like the community and the people I get to work with. And I like that I've built relationships to the point that when the hospital wasn't happy with its relationship with the newspaper, its leaders sought me out. So, I voted for Rupert to win the audience-choice reward of a $1 million on Survivor. My first instinct was to go ahead with Boston Rob. He ruled that game. But I decided he's marrying the original $1 million winner. Plus Rupert played the game well both this time and his original show, which actually meant he played back-to-back seasons. He's a good guy and it's probably fair to give someone else a crack at the prize. We'll see tonight, but I think Rupert has it wrapped up. As much as I liked this season, I sure hope they don't do this audience-pick-'em after the game's tribal council and reward two winners. It's nice for this one because it was so emotion- and drama-packed, but I hope CBS goes back to the original one-time reward with the next season. This twist of the game is a bit too American Idol-ish.

 Change is suppose to be good for me. Makes me stronger and more adaptable. And freaks me out along the way. Still, I'm learning to accept new things and realize sometimes good things only get better. This new blog appearance is a good start. I even set it up so my faithful readers, whomever they may be, can comment on my randomness. I also added titles to the blog entries. They remind me of subject lines of an email, which I used to be really good at creating. But, then again, they are sort of like headlines to a news article, which I'm not so good at creating.

 I got to see KatieKerns yesterday. A few minutes more than an hour is not enough time to catch up with one of my favorite people in the world. Catch up might not be the right words. We email and talk on the phone, but this was the first time I've seen her since September. She and I grew up living next door to each other, and used to know exactly how many steps it was from her house to mine. We spent a lot of time wishing we'd grow up, so we could drive instead of ride our bikes. Her quiet house was an escape from my family's hectic household. We liked to go to Dairy Queen in the convertible. She's the reason I like country music and have tendencies to like to shop. Her parents moved from Mockingbird Valley subdivision to Pennslyvania after Katie graduated from high school, when I was already at Murray State. It made seeing her more difficult, but she went to college at UK, so at least were in the same state. We didn't do a good job of keeping in touch in college, but whenever we talked it was like we were sitting on one of our front porches in the neighborhood again, probably drinking Dr Pepper and eating Circus Peanuts or Hometown Pizza. She was in my wedding, I was in hers. The best was last year when Greg and I lived in Lexington, she and Brad did too. They live in Boston now, but I'm working my persuasive powers to talk them into moving to Nashville, where Brad is considering going to school. Plus, they are both into music, and there are so many musical opportunities there. And they'd be closer to me. But not just me. They'd be closer to his family in Tennessee and her family in Owensboro and Lexington. I mean, anything is closer compared to Boston. She brought me a sea shell from Boston, from some unknown cape, on a pretty pink ribbon for my birthday. Katie and I used to talk about how much we hated pink, but we both have since come to terms with loving it. She wrote me a sweet birthday card that made me want to cry. But that's OK because when I hugged her yesterday at Applebee's, she got teary-eyed. I used to have this idealistic thought that my friends today would be the friends for the rest of my life. Cara, Kelly and I used to talk about being fake aunts to each other kids and all going on parent vacations... I love Cara and Kelly for their influence in my life, but I don't know about being friends forever in the childish sense of the phrase. It may be months between telephone conversations with Katie and I, but I know we have a bond that goes beyond anything, even Boston or diabetes, as she put it in a recent email.

 All weekend I've been making mental notes about what I wanted to write about on here... First, I spent several hours Friday night at a party thing for John, Greg's youngest brother. He graduated Saturday from Murray State. Greg's family is incredibly sentimental, which is the complete opposite from my family. Anyway, they make events a lot of people take for granted special. Sweet, yeah, I suppose. But sometimes I just feel out of place because it's so foreign to anything my family ever does. During the get together Friday night I thought about how I'm really in the middle. I'm not either of our families' extremes, and that's probably why I can get along with both sides. Plus, I'm a people-pleaser and perfectionist, so I try to hard to keep the people I love happy. Peggy put together a video chronically John's life, but that of course included video of Greg. They were the cutest boys. It's fun to look back on the part of his life I don't know first hand. I also reminds me that Greg's heart is deeply rooted in solid values and he's going to make a fabulous father -- one day. Saturday was a busy day. We watched John graduate then went to lunch with Greg's family. Greg's Little League team played back-to-back games in the afternoon. I watched the first one but opted out of the second because I was sunburned and frustrated with high blood sugar levels. I covered a fund-raiser for Ken Winters' senate campaign Saturday night. That's alright, though, because some of my favorite Republicans were there. More Taylor family time on Sunday. After church, we met his family at Ryan's, maybe the worst restaurant in Murray, for a Mother's Day lunch. There were 18 of us there, counting baby Elijah, and I'm sure the loud voices annoyed those smaller parties sitting in the same room. But we had a good time. I had my moments of productivity with laundry, dishes and grocery shopping. We also went to see "Laws of Attraction." It was cute. Divorce lawyers falling love has a bit of irony to it. I also wanted to write -- solely for therapeutic purposes -- about my perfectionist personality and how that is a blessing and a curse with having diabetes. But that's not news to anyone. The mystery is why I can't let go of some of my anal retentiveness and realize I don't have complete control over my body. I can be disciplined, thanks perfectionism, with this disease, but there are still going to be so-called bad days. I freaked out, yes, again, Sunday morning. I used to think being in a dark forest by myself was the scariest situation, but this far surpasses that. I was babbling about the possibility -- I should emphasize POSSIBILITY -- of having health problems when I'm older because my body is more vulnerable with diabetes and Greg put it all into perspective for me. He said he was more worried about me driving myself crazy by the time I was 35 than having heart or kidney problems when I'm 70. He's right, I let it dictate my mood way too much. I need to relax and have faith that I will learn and change and be a stronger person because of this. Alright, I'll keep my Survivor comments to a minimum... Rob didn't technically get the million dollars, but he has the girl who did. I'm glad they weren't totally playing each other as they played the game. Their flirting and alliance was strategy in the beginning, but in the end he proposed on national television while she wore a shirt proclaiming her love for him. Ah, how sweet. It's a game, totally, but people's emotions do become involved, and that's why the show, particularly this season, was so appealing to me.

 Words about words from Ralph Waldo Emerson: Be a little careful about your library. Do you foresee what you will do with it? Very little to be sure. But the real question is, What it will do with you? You will come here and get books that will open your eyes, and your ears, and your curiosity, and turn you inside out or outside in. Use what language you will, you can never say anything but what you are. In conversation, the game is to say something new with old words.

 The Survivor contestants are so-called all-stars but they are letting Boston Rob run the game. That cracks me up and, just for that, I hope Boston Rob takes home $1 million. Factor in the girl. Amber and Rob have something going on. The question is, how authentic is it? Is he playing her as a way to win the game? Is her strategy to play Rob as she plays the game? I think there's more chance she's fooling him, but I still think there's really some romantic interest. Either way, their "relationship" will play into the outcome of the game. If they are the final two, she's got the game won. Poor Big Tom. He didn't see that one coming, and neither did i. I don't know why these all-star players didn't try to break up the alliances that are as plain as day. Jenna and Rupert have an alliance and Rob and Amber have ... whatever it is they have. Big Tom seemed to be with Rob and Amber for some unknown reason, but really they all just stabbed him in the back. Good thing it's just a game, and that's how Tom apparently sees it. Rob and Amber both won cars last night and had a "date" at the drive-in movie set up. Ahh, how sweet. I didn't know if it was smart strategy on Rob's part to take Amber on his reward challenge reward (is that redundant?), but the move didn't seem to hurt him last night. She was even wearing his dirty, sweaty Boston Red Sox hat in the episode. That must be love. I read about a class at some college (vague, I know, especially for someone who thrives on details...) that studies organizational management and relationships by watching Survivor every Thursday night. Fabulous. I took several organizational communication classes and we didn't get to watch Survivor. Although we did get to watch "When Harry Met Sally..." in one of my classes and then wrote papers about interpersonal communication and gender difference in verbal and non-verbal communication. I'm such a nerd. My random diabetes note of the day: Thank God for a normal blood sugar level this morning, unlike the rest of the week because of some unknown overnight factor that causes high numbers. Now if it will only stay that way through the rest of the day, I'd be a happy camper.

 I've read several articles about "Friends" ending... Don't ask why I read several; they are all basically the same. But Herald-Leader pop culture writer Heather Svokos spoke a little more to me about it all, and maybe that's because I think she's a neat lady. We bonded some when I worked there. Anyway, she wrote: When we form true friendships, we typically settle in, revel in the moments that bring joy. We usually don't spend much time dwelling on the reality that, one day, things are bound to change for good. Maybe someone gets married. Someone has a baby. Someone moves to the 'burbs. That's what makes tonight so sad. A perfectly good fantasy gets busted up by a dang-blasted reflection of reality. "Friends" is one of those shows, like Seinfeld, that is fabulous on rerun but I never watched much of during its primetime slot. Still, I'm going to record tonight's finale while I'm watching my favorite shows on CBS. It is nice to know even the six Friends have to move on like the rest of us, however much it does sometimes suck.

 Alright, so I feel better about life. But first I must say that it took another bout with frustration to reach this calming point. I tried to two days to get some lab results faxed to me so I could take them with me to my doctor's appointment this afternoon. Couldn't get them. Couldn't get them. Got them. A few hours before my appointment. The nurse lady, though, tells me my cholesterol is high. Too high. I really should take some medicine for that, she says the endocrinologist recommends. Hold on, let me talk to my primary doctor first. Plus, I gave more blood this morning at the different lab, and was fasting like I was suppose to, so let's see what those numbers say... In the meantime, I stay at work, finishing up some things. But am pretty preoccupied with the fact I could have heart disease later in life. Yeah, jumping to hypothetical conclusions, I know. But, still, I try so hard not to think about long-term complications that I am automatically at a higher risk for just because I have diabetes. Heart disease, kidney problems, eye problems, feet problems...Problems, problems, problems, as if diabetes isn't problem enough. Anyway, the whole principle is if I keep my blood sugar levels regulated in the "normal" range, I will be at less risk for such things... Dr. Mangold says my cholesterol is slightly high. But I've known I've had diabetes (It's all connected, you know?), so let's give it a few more months and see if it isn't better then. THEN maybe I'll need some medicine. I'm not necessarily opposed to taking medicine. BUT I also know tons of things have changed in my body and I really need to be patient and let some things get settled before I add other variables. I didn't think the doctor's appointment was going to do much for me today, but it really helped give me some peace that I understand diabetes. Well, not totally understand it because it's a mystery, but understand enough to feel like I have some control over it rather than it totally monopolizing my life. Um, I still wish it wasn't me dealing with this, but I do believe everything happens for a reason and will work out for the better in the end. That's the hope I hold in my pocket. And thanks goes to Greg and Michael who have listened to me be scared and frustrated multiple times the last two days. I love "Love Actually." It's hilarious and cleverly weaves several plots together for a broader point. Hugh Grant is adorable, but all the characters are developed so well, even if they are quirky. To me, it's about love -- Love is actually all around -- and all the shapes and sizes it takes on for different people. There's committed love. There's friendship love. There's passionate love and intense lust. There's romantic love and helping love. Sometimes you mourn losing love. Sometimes you rejoice in falling in love. New love. Old love. Fresh love that makes you squirm. Routine love that keeps you balanced. It's amazing, really, how relationships are more complicated than they appear on the surface. Relationships go through phases and with those come different types of love for the same person. Relationships are hard sometimes, but in the end love wins. Other times love makes relationships seems easy. There's a lot of juxtaposition in love. "Love Actually" takes all of this, at least to me, and makes it funny. There's a couple moments in the movie that make my heart cringe. But most of the two hours I spent laughing. Good thing I have this movie on DVD because there are some quotable moments I haven't gotten down yet.

 Doctors, hospitals and health insurance are frustrating. It's annoying when I try to call my doctor in Louisville to get her office to fax results from blood work to my doctor in Murray and I can't even get a hold of a person. Silly automatic answering. Then I get a real, live person but she says the person I need to talk to isn't in, but she will get right back with me. Right. That was four hours ago. So, putting a long, uninteresting story aside, I have to go get blood work again this afternoon before my doctor's appointment tomorrow, even though I had the same tests done a week and a half ago in Louisville. And I'm sure I'll have to pay part of whatever it costs for the two minutes I'll be in there. And, really, how pleasant is it when blood is drawn? Who cares that they always say I have "good" veins from which to draw blood. Good for them, I suppose. Not so good for me, unless it makes it a little more comfortable. I was going to go to the hospital after I ate my lunch, but then I looked at the blood work request thing from Dr. Mangold and it said I needed to do with when my blood sugar levels were at "fasting," meaning not right after I ate. So, I'm going to try to go there before my meeting this afternoon. I also would really like it if someone would explain to me why I have a near-perfect week of blood sugar levels last week and then wake up yesterday and today with high numbers. And I have strange feeling my doctor isn't going to be able to tell me tomorrow. I'm as disciplined as I know how to be about this, yet there are so many unknowns and I continue to have headaches every day. So much remains a mystery to me, and that alone is frustrating. But I go back to the Bebo Norman song I love: ...But I am not afraid No I am not afraid And I will not go crazy I got a little hope here in my pocket Want to share of it with you Just be careful that you dont drop it Dont worry if you do Cause Ive got voices down inside me And I might just need some help I will get by Hey, hey... Alright, moving on to more pleasant topics... I ate lunch at the park this afternoon. I ran by Quizno's and picked up a sandwich and then went to the park. I spread out my fuzzy UK blanket and enjoyed the lovely weather and my tasty (or toasty) sandwich. I read some of my book, too. Usually I hate to eat lunch by myself, but with those circumstances, I loved every minute of the peace and quiet. Maybe I'll do that more this summer. It calms me. (Yeah, I know it didn't sound like in the previous paragraphs, where I was whining about medical things.)

 An update is due... Although I don't know if this is the best time because our computer at home is making a funny humming sound. I sure hope it doesn't explode. My computer at work used to make a similar sound when it was "thinking," so I probably shouldn't worry because it never exploded or anything. Greg thinks we need -- is need really the right word? -- a new computer. I can think of better things to do with our money. We'll see. So, the weekend was great. First, it's May, and that's just fabulous on its own. Although I haven't seen many May flowers; it's been more about April showers. And it's not even April anymore. Friday night we played Rook with Greg's parents. I wish we had more friends who played cards, actually. Saturday we left about 8 a.m. for St. Louis. It was cloudy and overcast in Murray. It was rainy and cloudy on the way to St. Louis. And it was rainy in St. Louis. Lovely day, weather wise, for the beginning of May. (I'm not really obsessed with months and weather, although I'm aware by reading my blog lately that wouldn't appear to be the case...) We went to eat at the Old Spaghetti Factory. I think the last time I ate there was in Louisville in January 2002 a few hours after Greg proposed. (There goes my random stories...) Anyway, it was closed when we got there. Who knew it didn't open until 3 on Saturday. So we went to Landry's Seafood at Union Station...and it was fabulous. Jaclyn had recommended it before, but she loves the steak. I had grilled salmon...yummy. It was nice, too, because we don't usually eat at places that expensive. It was for my birthday, or at least that was a good excuse. Then we did some shopping at Union Station. We each bought a long-sleeved T-shirt because the rain apparently wasn't going away and we were going to a baseball game later. Anyway, then we acted like tourists and went up to the top of the arch. Greg also toured the museum there. I did briefly, but I really spent more time reading some books in the store. I bought my mom a Lewis and Clark book with gorgeous pictures from places on their westward journey,some journal excerpts and history about them and a double deck of cards with pictures of the arch and its construction. Random? I know. She likes American history a lot (That's what being a fifth-grade teacher will do to you.) and plays bridge twice a month with friends. So random becomes appropriate. Apparently Greg Maddux went up in the arch a couple of hours before us, at least that's what the ticket man said. I get a little star struck with celebrities. Then it was off to the baseball game. It was in the high 40s or so when the game started and dropped as the innings went on. I was wearing a T-shirt, a long-sleeved T-shirt, a sweater jacket thing and a rain jacket. Oh, but I had on jeans, unlike my husband who was wearing shorts. (The lesson: Listen to your wife when she says it's suppose to rain and be colder, even if she didn't know exactly what colder meant.) It was OK, but I got cold, also because I was damp from walking around in the drizzle a few times during the day. Our seats, ironically thankfully, were in the third to last row. We were sitting near LOTS of Cubs fans, but we were dry. The Cubs won 4-2, but at least the Cardinals won two of the four games this weekend. (Side note: On Friday night, the Cubs bullpen shot themselves in the foot -- or arm in this case -- and walked four straight batters in the bottom of the ninth of a tied game. Yes, the winning run was walked in for St. Louis. A win is a win.) So, if you recall from a recent entry, I want to write a book about baseball stadium. Not so much about baseball, but moreso about the people who make stadiums have the culture they have. So, after sitting in a slightly rain-delayed game in cold weather at Busch Stadium Saturday night, this is who and what I'd want to write about there: the 18 people who work on the field, especially about rolling and unrolling the tarp in nasty weather so these over-paid athletes have a nice field on which to play; the person who manually changes the scoreboard with not only that game's numbers but also those for other MLB games going on; and the ball boys, especially in this case the one who slipped on the wet field when he tried to pick up a foul ball to throw to a fan. Moving on from baseball and St. Louis... Sunday we celebrated my birthday. My mom, Cassie and Zac came to Murray to go to Greg's parents' house with us for lunch. Our families are night-and-day different, so it's always slightly awkward when my mom is hanging out with them. I say always, but we've only all gotten together a few times. And when I saw all, I usually mean my mom and I with Greg's family. It seems to get more comfortable each time, and I just keep in mind how intimidating and obnoxious I thought Greg's dad was at first. Now, I'm totally fine with him and understand him tons better. His mom and I clicked fairly quickly because we're a lot alike. (I just hope when we have kids we have at least a girl among a couple boys so I don't raise only boys like she did.) Greg's mom made a fabulous lunch and bought me a low-carb cheesecake from Dumplin's. (It's yummy, really? Ask my friends who were lucky enough to share it.) We were also sort of celebrating Greg's birthday because we were in Louisville for his last week. It's sort of fun to have birthdays 10 days apart. I got some pretty great presents. My mom got me some clothes -- two skirts and a cute shirt -- and a handy travel bag (conveniently for my cruise, which I leave for a month from today...) and my dad and grandpa gave me money. I got some gift certificates to the scrapbooking store, Vintage Rose, Cracker Barrel and Pier 1. I got a dictionary, shower radio, "Love Actually" on DVD and a fabulous-smelling cucumber and canteloupe candle. I got some funny cards -- one about a frog, one with a lengthy lawyer disclaimer and one about a fake ID -- and a dumb card, but that deserves no futher comment. I also got some other cards and notes, including one from my birthday twin Katie Mitchell. The thing is I really like to do things for other people's birthday, mainly because it's a good excuse to buy presents and cards. So it's sweet when people think about me. I've been thinking about this whole used-to-be-a-morning-person things. I'm totally a morning person now. I don't dread going to work at 7 a.m. and don't cringe when my alarm goes off at 5:30 a.m. Of course, that means I'm ready for bed by 9 p.m. It's quite a transformation considering my prime sleeping hours used to from 1 a.m. to 9 or 10 a.m. Oh, well, I guess that's life. But, with my birthday, I've been thinking I was destined to be a morning person. I was born at 4 or 4:30 a.m. That's early, just ask my mom. Maybe it just took me almost 25 years (or, as Greg says, a quarter century) to get there. Alright, enough about my birthday. Although, it's funny because as much as I hate to be the center of attention in groups, I love my birthday. Still, I don't like it so much when people sing "Happy Birthday," although I appreciated the couple of emails I got today featuring my friends singing, um, typing, the song to me. Oh, one more birthday story: We were going to go to Tom's Grille at lunch. Greg picked me up from work to be sweet and then we went there. But it was closed. That's twice in three days we chose a restaurant we don't usually eat at that wasn't opened during normal eating hours. So much for going outside the box. Although, we ate Mexican at Los Portales, where I haven't been in awhile. A fellow reporter at work told me today she's quitting in two weeks, well, two weeks from last Friday. It's interesting because I recently took over one of her beats, the hospital board. I didn't really mind because I'm a nerd and like meetings to an extent. I also think meetings are one of the easier things to cover because I just go there and the information is presented to me. Usually, if I have an follow-up questions, the right people are there to talk to following the meeting. Anyway, now that's she's leaving May 14, I wonder if I'll get a lot of her other crap to do. She does more page layout and the rest of us news reporters (that would be me and another guy). That's far from my favorite thing to do at a newspaper, so I'm hoping that doesn't fall on me, but I'm expecting some of it to. We'll see. I sure wish I knew someone who wanted a reporter job in Murray. Thank God the computer hasn't blown up yet.

 Seriously, how hard can it be to write a story about a circus coming to town? MACON, Ga. (AP) A reporter for The Macon Telegraph has resigned after editors determined that a story he wrote about the circus coming to town was plagiarized from a weekly circus newsletter, the newspaper said. The resignation came three months after a Telegraph reporter was fired for lifting material from other publications.

 ...at least that's what the local law enforcement agencies want us to believe. On that note, here's a funny story from Greg's Aunt Jennifer who recently moved back to Murray from Memphis and is looking for a job. She hopes to do some counseling/social work, but has filled out her paperwork to substitute teach. To substitute teach, she has to get fingerprinted and have a background check. That involves going to the sheriff's department or the police station. Here's what she told me last night: She went to the sheriff's department first, but they told her the guy who fingerprints people was busy. But she got the feeling he wasn't there or just didn't want to do his job. Regardless of the reason, she realized it would take awhile, so she left for the police station. When she got there, just down the street from the sheriff's department, an officer told her they didn't have any ink. OK, right, because the police never actually arrest anyone. So she went back to the sheriff's department. Persistent. She told them the police said they didn't have any ink and the dispatcher there said she knew the police had ink because the sheriff took it over there recently. Jennifer asked if they'd inform their fellow law enforcement agency of the truth. So the dispatcher called and said just that -- "You have ink. The sheriff gave it to you." Jennifer went back to the police station, where she was fingerprinted, at last. Although while doing so, the officer said, "You know, this isn't the ink we usually use." Who cares, I would have been thinking, act like you have some idea of what's going on. These are the people who protect us.

 I've been having some conflict -- well, not real conflict, but conflict in my head -- with Greg's dad. He's just been acting in this way that makes me think he doesn't care for me to be around. It's deeper and more complicated than that, but that's the brief explanation of something I started thinking on our vacation. Then I read this today, maybe it's some advice I'm suppose to take: Don't take it personally. Whatever happens, remember that your in-laws' actions more likely stem from deep-seated beliefs and behavior patterns than from something you did or said.

 We went to see "The Terminal" Friday night. I liked it, but I don't think it will be one I watch again. It's quirky, though, in a good way. Then I had to go back to work for awhile to finish my story about the kidnapping incident that began in our office parking lot Friday morning. I finally talked to the newspaper carrier whose 2-year-old was kidnapped when an acquaintance drove off in her car. Long story, but my publisher was overly worried The Paducah Sun would have a better story than me. Her exact words: "The Paducah Sun better not have a better story than you." A threat, I suppose, but I'm not sure what the consequence would have been. You see, my editor gave The Paducah Sun reporter the carrier's home phone number, and that made Alice mad. I had the carrier's number, but hadn't been able to get in touch with her yet. Drama. The outcome: The Paducah Sun reporter only talked to the police. I talked to the police, the carrier, the woman who witnessed the kidnap suspect leaving the child on the side of the road and a witness from work who saw the car drive off. Regardless, I'm sure Alice will find something else not to be happy about come Monday. I went to some yard sales Saturday morning with Greg's mom. I found two pair of jeans for $5 each. Then we had a girly lunch at Dumpin's. I spent the afternoon doing some laundry and catching up on some laziness while I watched five episodes of "The Real World." The San Diego finale is Tuesday and these were some I hadn't seen from the beginning. Then I worked from 4:45 to 9 p.m. covering some political events. I'm a nerd, though, so I didn't mind. Although Jim Bunning, the Hall of Fame pitcher turned U.S. senator with some other stops in between, didn't impress me. I really don't think my vote will keep him from being re-elected to a second term, but I think I'll vote for the Democrat. Bunning seemed to think every journalist is Al Cross from The Courier-Journal. At one point he was standing there sort of by himself and I introduced myself, he seemed less than interested. And that's fine, really, but then I was trying to take some candid pictures of him meeting people, thinking that would be better than just a picture of him speaking, but every time he saw me, he intentionally turned the other way. It's really OK because when I met Dan Mongiardo earlier this year when he was campaigning in Murray, I liked him and thought he had some good ideas on healthcare.

 So my new favorite author is Rick Bragg. I thought he was a reporter for The New York Times, but apparently it is accurate to say he is a former reporter for the paper at which he worked when he won the Pulitzer-Prize for feature writing. Some drama about a dateline and having an intern do the reporting for a story, probably many storiese, led to his resignation about a year ago. Oh well, I still think he's a fabulous writer. And others must think so too because he did write that Jessica Lynch story called "I'm A Soldier Too."

 I wanted to be a writer because of Rochelle Riley. She didn't teach me how to write, but she taught me to find stories in everyone and everywhere. She taught me to create pictures with words and phrases. She taught me communicate my thoughts honestly and openly on paper. When I was a senior in high school I participated in a workshop for high school journalism students at The Courier-Journal. It was her project because she likes to teach kids about writing, and ultimately about life. We produced this newspaper that focused on high school-related issues. In it she wrote about each of us who had been part of the workshop, explaining the purpose and a little about who we were. She gave me the best compliment in that article: She said I reminded her of herself because I worked hard but knew laughing was good for me. (She, of course, worded it better than that, but that was the gist of it.) Then she said something about how she could see me with a desk one day next to hers. She didn't have to say those things. She could have just said I knew how to use commas and apostrophes and run spell check. Rochelle used to be a columnist for The Courier-Journal, but now she writes for The Detroit Free-Press. I've never been to Detroit, but she takes me there when I read her columns online. She has a book of columns from Louisville and now one from Detroit. And she's working on a novel. I can't wait to read it. She called me today. A month or two ago she emailed me and asked me for my phone number. Well, I emailed her and hadn't heard back. Apparently she saved my phone number in her cell phone as "K," and was trying to figure out who it belonged to. When I answered my phone, she explained all of this, and then she realized it was me. I was driving in my car, already going the wrong way to where I was suppose to be going, so I was a bit distracted, but it was so good to hear from her. She told me she's going to send me a chapter of her novel. I really hope she does because I'm sure it would inspire me. Inspire is a cheesy word, but, really, that's what she does for me. Even her emails make me want to be a writer. A real writer. And here I am bloggin' about her. I wrote a story about her in college for a feature writing class. The assignment, as best as I can remember it, was to write about a person, maybe just any person, I'm not sure. Anyway, I really wish I could find it. I was actually looking for it recently. So our conversation was brief. She was working on a column looking for a cell phone number when she stumbled upon "K" and was curious. She told me about her daughter who is now 15 and needed to be reminded of my married name. I told her Taylor. She said, "Kristin Hill Taylor, sounds like a writer's name." I hope she's right.

 Journalism isn't a business filled with people -- bosses or sources -- giving compliments. So when they come, they are nice to hear. I wrote a story about an education professor at Murray State who competed in the pentathlon in the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. Last week he went to St. Louis, where Jackie Joyner-Kersee lit the cauldron with the torch. It just made for a nice local feature in connection with the Olympics. He was a funny guy and fun to talk with. Yesterday he called and thanked me for writing the story and then this morning his wife called and thanked me again, saying how much they enjoyed it. It's nice when people call when they have something nice to say because more often it is the quite the opposite with people either wanting something or complaining. The other thing that made me appreciate the compliments is I actually enjoyed writing the story. Too often I write court and police news that takes no creativity. This story gave me some room to actually write. And it even inspired me to write a column about Athens, where I just visited, and how I saw the city and country as a whole preparing for the Olympics, which are returning to where they began after more than 100 years.

 When I have kids, I really hope they want to play sports. I lacked some hand-eye coordination and endurance athletes need, so I became a nerd. While that's not all bad, I sure hope our kids have some of both worlds. I went to Greg's Little League game (He coaches a team of 13- to 15-year-old boys.) and thought about how fun it would be to go to baseball, basketball and soccer games if our kids were playing. I guess football would be OK, too, but that might make me more nervous. Anyway, the game didn't start until a little after 9, so I was at the ballpark until 11 p.m. or so, but enjoyed myself. Ballparks also are places for social gatherings in communities like Murray. And that's OK, too. I ran into Beth Brockman last night. She was my high school guidance counselor and moved to Murray the same year I started college here. It's nice to see a familiar face who knew me when... Michael brought snickerdoodles to work today. I love snickerdoodles. Both saying the word and eating the cookies. They remind me of middle school, where the cafeteria's snickerdoodles probably really were the best thing about those years. Supposedly, this is what Andy Rooney said on "60 Minutes" a few weeks ago. But I have to wonder. It's good stuff, though, and hopefully he really did say it on TV: "I like big cars, big boats, big motorcycles, big houses and big campfires. I believe the money I make belongs to me and my family, not some governmental stooge with a bad comb-over who wants to give it away to crack addicts for squirting out babies. Guns do not make you a killer. I think killing makes you a killer. You can kill someone with a baseball bat or a car, but no one is trying to ban you from driving to the ball game. I believe they are called the Boy Scouts for a reason, that is why there are no girls allowed. Girls belong in the Girl Scouts! ARE YOU LISTENING MARTHA BURKE? I think that if you feel homosexuality is wrong, it is not a phobia, it is an opinion. I don't think being a minority makes you a victim of anything except numbers. The only things I can think of that are truly discriminatory are things like the United Negro College Fund, Jet Magazine, Black Entertainment Television, and Miss Black America. Try to have things like the United Caucasian College Fund, Cloud Magazine, White Entertainment Television, or Miss White America; and see what happens. Jesse Jackson will be knocking down your door. I have the right "NOT" to be tolerant of others because they are different, weird, or tick me off. When 70 percent of the people who get arrested are black, in cities where 70 percent of the population is black, that is not racial profiling, it is the Law of Probability. I believe that if you are selling me a milk shake, a pack of cigarettes, a newspaper or a hotel room, you must do it in English! As a matter of fact, if you want to be an American citizen, you should have to speak English! My father and grandfather didn't die in vain so you can leave the countries you were born in to come over and disrespect ours. I think the police should have every right to shoot your sorry self ifyou threaten them after they tell you to stop. If you can't understand the word "freeze" or "stop" in English, see the above lines. I don't think just because you were not born in this country, you are qualified for any special loan programs, government sponsored bank loans or tax breaks, etc., so you can open a hotel, coffee shop, trinket store, or any other business. We did not go to the aid of certain foreign countries and risk our lives in wars to defend their freedoms, so that decades later they could come over here and tell us our constitution is a living document; and open to their interpretations. I believe a self-righteous liberal or conservative with a cause is more dangerous than a Hell's Angel with an attitude. I think Bill Gates has every right to keep every penny he made and continue to make more. If it ticks you off, go and invent the next operating system that's better, and put your name on the building. Ask your buddy who invented the Internet to help you. "I think tattoos and piercing are fine if you want them, but please don't pretend they are a political statement. I am sick of "Political Correctness." I know a lot of black people, and not a single one of them was born in Africa; so how can they be "African-Americans"? Besides, Africa is a continent. I don't go around saying I am a European-American because my great, great, great, great, great, great grandfather was from Europe. I am proud to be from America and nowhere else. And if you don't like my point of view, tough.

 Once again my trip to Louisville was too short. Milla is the cutest thing ever, if I've failed to mention that. She's such a happy, happy baby, which I know must be a blessing for Kevin and Laine. She giggles and smiles, especially at Kevin. She thinks her daddy is the funniest thing ever. She's so good with people, pretty much anyone, which makes me think she's going to be a good-natured person in general. It's good to see a controversial situation, at least in some people's eyes, turn into a blessing. The trip was quick. Up on Saturday afternoon and back on Sunday afternoon. But I did get to eat at Mark's Feed Store. Sometimes I ask myself why I like Louisville so much more now. I remember graduating from high school and living that last real summer at home, hanging out with my high school boyfriend and friends, wishing it was time to go to college. (Although for an 18-year-old, leaving the boyfriend was dramatic.) I came to college and really didn't go home that much -- holidays, mainly. Then the longer I was in college, the more I went home. Then I moved to Louisville and then Lexington, so I went to my parents' house often because it was easy, and closer. Sometime in there, I found a peace at my parents' house I never felt growing up. It's sort of ironic, really. But I just love being there, watching movies with Dad or reading The Courier-Journal when it comes to my parents' driveway. I like that when I'm looking for something (a certain book, as was the case this weekend) I can go to a store fairly quickly a get it. I like that there are things -- Diet Big Red, Mark's Feed Store, good shopping -- that just make Louisville and the area different from Murray and the area. And I think I just like it because I've bonded with my family on a new level since we've all grown up. Kevin and Cassie (and this weekend Laine and Zac) can hang out on a fun level that is so much better than any fight we had growing up. My mom and I talk like friends and my dad trusts me to take care of things for him. I bought Rick Bragg's other book -- "Ava's Man. It's the sequel to my new favorite, "All Over but the Shoutin'," so I'm looking forward to starting that.

 While on my trip, I read my is likely to become my favorite book. "All Over but the Shoutin'" by Rick Bragg, a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the New York Times. I loved the book because it took me through his life from rural Alabama to New York and back to the South again, with lots of stops in between. I really felt like I knew him and his family and the people he met along the way. I knew it was going to be a good book when I wasn't through the first chapter and wanted to write down many of the word combinations he had the described the South, being a writer or just life in general. And to think I bought the book at a yard sale, knowing the stories I had read by him before had held my attention and surely his autobiography would too. Here are some: ...dreaming backwards can carry a man through some dark rooms where the walls seem lined with razor blades. ...to tell a story right you have to lean the words against each other so they they don't all fall down... The opportunity hung perfectly still in the air in front of my face and fists, and I held my temper and let it float on by. I read it to the end, and found a dozen things I wished I had written differently, like I always do. But there is no way to make that gigantic press run backwards once they turn the key, once the siren sounds, once it begins to tumble over and over and over again. Like time. Sometimes the warm newspaper in your hads reads clumsy and sometimes it doesn't even read right, but there it is. There you are. And it is much, much too late for the rewrite man. I didn't get into this business to change the world; I just wanted to tell stories. But now and then, you can make people care, make people notice that something ain't quite right, and nudge them gently, with the words, to get off their ass and fix it. I made some friends for life, the way I usually make them. Any jackass can be pleasant company, but if people help you when you're at your worst, that's a friend. ... They, especially, taught me that you can't go through life not liking people because they didn't have to work as hard or come as far as you did.

 I can't decide how I want to start this blog... I thought about beginning with how I used a Turkish toilet -- actually that's a fancy name for a hole in the ground -- in a small town in Greece or how I had to pay 50 cents to use the bathroom -- more often called a water closet -- in Turkey. They liked my American quarters and I was happy the toilet was more than a hole in the ground. But that doesn't seem to be the best way to start talking about my trip because it wasn't the best part, just the most random part. I could talk about how the Greek islands we visited were picture perfect, really. White houses and stores with blue shutters that were built into the sides of mountains. The contrast of the blue water and white buildings was beautiful. And I can only hope one of my 140 pictures captures that. But words can't really paint that picture accurately. I could just list chronologically where we visited: Delphi, where Greek mythology is deeply rooted; Thessalonica, Greece's second largest city; Mykonos, a lovely Greek island filled with quaint shops and a beautiful port; Ephesus, the amazing ancient city that is prominent in Paul's teaching in the New Testament; Patmos, a Greek island to which John was exiled and where he wrote Revelation; Rhodes, an island that has more shops that anyone can imagine; Crete, where Europe's oldest civilization called home; Santorini, a picture-perfect island built into an old volcano site; Corinth, the other prominent city from the New Testament; Athens, a fabulous old city sprinkled with modern buildings among its historical roots that is quickly preparing for the Olympics; and Rome, which was probably my favorite place because of my appreciate for the history of the Catholic church. In these places I was a little obsessed with churches, especially their steeples, and windows on old buildings with neat shutters and flowers in window boxes. But doesn't that listing seem a bit mundane? I could share the emotional side of it all, especially how it was a good chance to clear my head after months of busyness and unnecessary worry in my everyday Murray life. It was good for Greg and me to get away, even among a 40-person tour group including his family, and just enjoy each other's company in this fabulous atmosphere. I was introverted and reflective, not really focused on getting to know the other people we were traveling with like Greg's dad seemed so concerned about doing. I know as well as anyone strangers have stories to tell from which anyone can learn, but sometimes I think it pays to take a break from the world and breath a sigh of relief and rest. That's what the trip was for me. Emotional rest. Physically, it was a tiring trip because we were on the go so much. We saw a lot, traveled much and I'm sure I'll keep learning from this trip for days to come. But maybe I'm too emotional and should just keep in mind that stressed spelled backward makes desserts.

 I have this method of packing that involves making piles. So right now there are multiple piles -- organized piles -- in my house. Tonight I suppose I better put everything in the suitcase or backpack. It keeps me from forgetting things, though, I think, because I just put stuff there as I think about it, and I also don't feel like I waste much time packing. Honestly, over the weekend I was worried about this trip. One, I know the change in my routine and the eight-hour time difference is going to affect my diabetes. Everything is going so well with it right now that I hate to disrupt it. Reminder: This is a once-in-a-lifetime trip, really, and I need to suck the diabetes worry up and be tough. Also, it's no secret Angela and I aren't exactly friends. I tolerate her for awhile, then her personality and mouth rub me the wrong way. Again, suck it up, Kristin, she's not going anywhere, so learn to like her. Greg told me my goal on this trip whenever I get frustrated with her should be to think of something positive about her. We'll see how that works. I think all of that is behind me now, and I'm ready to travel. We leave early, early tomorrow morning and we'll be back late, late June 15.

 Here's a personality profile based on a urlLink color quiz I took. You're a Problem Solver You are constantly considering what else each person or situation requires. You want to know what is missing. During this period of mulling things over, others might view you as passive or quiet. The passionate you thrives on orchestrated plans. Figuring out how to make your ideas a reality and seeing things through to completion is the ultimate high. These pursuits empower your self-confidence. The centered you is very grounding. You see what is authentic about each activity or relationship. When all is quiet within, you consider how you can feel more complete. The emotional you avoids asking what's missing. Novel adventures seem to appear. Honor your forbidden thoughts. They are merely signposts to exciting new paths you need to follow. And here is a frienship-style profile. Yes, I took another urlLink quiz . 50% Loving Sister You're an affectionate, sensitive, intuitive sweetie who takes her friendships very seriously -- people love being friends with you because they know you understand them. You nurture your friends, which is a constantly-renewing gift: you're the first one to step forward with chicken soup if they're sick, tissue if they're crying, and a phone call if they're lonely. You love being cared for yourself, too -- not that you'd ever admit it. It's not surprising that you build such strong bonds with your friends, loyal and steadfast as you are. Be careful not to pamper your buddies too much, though, since it can drain you of much-needed energy and encourage otherwise good friends to take your big-hearted nature for granted. 30% Bright Spark You're a kick in the pants, an inspirer, an activator -- people love being friends with you because you're full of energy and fun ideas. You aim to make the people around you feel happy and comfortable, and you nearly always succeed. You have a wide circle of devoted buddies and admirers, and you take vicarious pleasure in their successes and accomplishments while inspiring your friends with your own passion for life. Although you may sometimes resent the pressure of being everybody's muse or ray of sunshine, you try not to let it show -- but do listen to those voices in your head that urge you to slow down and savor your friendships more fully. 10% Lone Wolf You're an independent, intelligent free thinker who cherishes her individuality as well as her friendships -- people love being friends with you because you inspire them to self-reflection and self-improvement. Your friends may not see you every day, but they know you support them and care about them, and you share your knowledge and your gifts freely when asked. People look up to you because you understand yourself well, and you understand your own needs for stimulation and personal growth. As independent and forceful as you are, though, you may sometimes leave a buddy out in the cold. 10% Reliable Adviser You're accomplished, thoughtful, and generous, a font of wisdom and constructive criticism -- people love being friends with you because they know you've got their back. Your trustworthy nature and balanced, fair judgment make you a superb confidante and mediator, and while you may sometimes feel that your friends turn to you for advice about everything, you'd never let down anyone you cared about. Besides, your friends know your opinions are too valuable to do without! Your insight and loyalty are in high demand, but be sure to make friends aware that you're not just Old Faithful. You're the leading actress in your own life -- if some relationships make you feel more like the trusty sidekick, put a new face on your friendship by adopting the some of the attitude of your Bright Spark buddies.

 Tonight is the fourth day in a row this week I've walked with Katy. It's good for me, emotionally and physically. I can be disciplined, but I can procrastinate. It's a weird juxtaposition of my personality, I suppose. Anyway, Katy is good to walk with because she's fun to talk with, and she likes plans, and that's a sort of accountability. Each time we finish walking, well, actually when we finish talking after walking, we talk about when the next time is we can walk. This has been a consistent week because I didn't have anything to cover for work at night. Weird, I know. So, do you think it's possible I'm healthier now that I have diabetes and am managing it well because I know I have it? There was a good year, probably, that my body was hurting inside even though I didn't know it because I didn't know my pancreas had decided, or maybe been forced, to stop producing insulin to properly break down sugars (and starches, which turn to sugar...). I mean, I eat healthier now and exercise more. That's got to be a good combination. With that, I feel better, sleep better... It's really amazing how everything is connected. It's just weird to think that having a chronic disease like diabetes could be good for me in a certain, maybe slightly twisted, way. I've had a couple high blood sugar numbers lately, which is sort of random, but I know it happens. But I've learned to deal with that and take it all as it comes and not stress about what-ifs. And, trust me, that's hard for a perfect melancholy girl who likes to control everything and be able to have all her expectations met. I've also been thinking about personality, birth order, nature versus nurture, family influence, friend influence ... The psychology behind who I am, and who others around me are, I guess. Some people can define their mood in a word. Others moods change with the second hand of a clock. Some people love easily; some people find it easier to complain. One person might forgive easily, when another shoves the sadness and hurt inside. Laughing comes easier to some. Some people are easier to laugh with for me. Closure is important to some people, but others move on easily. Simplicity and complexity get confused in some lives, while others live comfortably in shades of gray. Relationships are built by strangers but are too often influenced by their individual experiences and backgrounds, most of which are rooted in childhood moments over which we didn't have much control. Some people welcome change; others run from it. But, probably, most people, at least most people I love, are a strange combination of in between all extremes. Probably because we're all stuck in trying to be who we want to be in a world of who others want us to be and how other people have helped shape our lives, intentionally or accidentally. I took a personality test a few months ago... In short, there are four personality types -- popular sanguine, powerful choleric, perfect melancholy and peaceful phlegmatic. The test is divided into strengths and weaknesses, and often people are a combination of two of those types. My strengths are dominated with perfect melancholy traits: deep and analytical serious and purposeful talented and creative sensitive to others self-sacrificing conscientious idealistic schedule-oriented perfectionist with high standards orderly and organized neat and tidy sees the problems needs to finish what's started likes lists, graphs, charts makes friend cautiously content to stay in the background avoids causing attention faithful will listen to complaints deep concern for people My weaknesses are split between powerful choleric and perfect melancholy, leaning a bit more toward the choleric: bossy impatient can't relax enjoys controversy and arguments won't give up when losing little tolerance for mistakes demanding of others decides for others is too independent possessive of friends and mate Then melancholy slips in the weakness column, sometimes contradicting choleric-like traits, such as dislikes emotions and tears, manipulates others, is not complimentary, knows everything and can't say "i'm sorry": moody self-centered guilt feelings not people-oriented with work depressed over imperfections chooses difficult work hard to please standards often too high deep need for approval critical of others full of contradictions skeptical of compliments This is very interesting to me, mainly because those lists of strengths and weakness ring so true in my life. It would interesting to hear what other people think about my interpretation of myself. There I go, analyzing... I'll end with a quote from a good book I just finished reading. It's a political, legal drama by Richard North Patterson called "Balance of Power." Personal lives are as complex as the reasons that people are happy, or sad. ... In any life, there are decisions which keep up us at night, long after they are made. There are decisions which others would make differently.

 And I love this Counting Crows song -- "Accidentally in Love" -- from the "Shrek 2" soundtrack: So she said what's the problem baby What's the problem I don't know Well maybe I'm in love Think about it every time I think about it Can't stop thinking 'bout it How much longer will it take to cure this Just to cure it cause I can't ignore it if it's love Makes me wanna turn around and face me but I don't know nothing 'bout love Come on, come on Turn a little faster Come on, come on The world will follow after Come on, come on Cause everybody's after love So I said I'm a snowball running Running down into the spring that's coming all this love Melting under blue skies Belting out sunlight Shimmering love Well baby I surrender To the strawberry ice cream Never ever end of all this love Well I didn't mean to do it But there's no escaping your love These lines of lightning Mean we're never alone, Never alone, no, no Come on, Come on Move a little closer Come on, Come on I want to hear you whisper Come on, Come on Settle down inside my love Come on, come on Jump a little higher Come on, come on If you feel a little lighter Come on, come on We were once Upon a time in love We're accidentally in love Accidentally in love ... Come on, come on Spin a little tighter Come on, come on And the world's a little brighter Come on, come on Just get yourself inside her ...

 Rob Reiner was on "Cold Pizza" this morning. I like that show because it's full of randomness. They interviewed Rob Reiner about how John Kerry and Teresa Heinz Kerry compare to "The American President" because he is at the Democratic National Convention. But then they talked to a guy from the Nashville Sounds about their faith-based promotions on Friday nights. They give out Jesus and Noah bobbleheads and have music. Anyway, random. OK, back to my Rob Reiner. I love his movies. "The American President" and "When Harry Met Sally..." are two of my most favorite movies ever. Anyway, the "Cold Pizza" girl asked him something about being at the Democratic convention then said something about "I'm sure there will be celebrities at the Republican National Convention, too." But Rob Reiner quickly disagreed, saying more celebrities are the Democratic convention because celebrities are creative people and creative people are more in touch with people in general, like Democrats are. Right. Whether a politician is "more in touch with the people" totally depends on one's perspective. It's politics, I know, but come on, what a generality to make. And what a odd thing to say about "creative people" who have much more money than the average person.

 Yesterday I was writing a story and wanted to quote a guy who said "oomph" when he was talking about a new tax-exempt industrial development authority here. I wasn't sure how to spell it, but I must have gotten close because the spell check fixed it. Then this morning "oomph" was in my horoscope. Now, just to set the record straight, I'm not much on horoscopes and don't believe they are true, except sometimes they are based on personalities, which can explain some things.... Anyway, I just thought it was ironic I was trying to figure out the correct spelling yesterday and then read it this morning. So Ernie Fletcher was on Jay Leno. I didn't stay up to watch it, although if he had been on David Letterman I might have. I taped it and watched it this morning. Fletcher participated in a comedy routine about slogans for Kentucky and Los Angeles and how they two places are difference. He wasn't really funny, though. His timing was off and he seemed nervous. Leno said something about comedy being difficult, and Fletcher said he'd stick to politics. Then Ashley Judd was a guest, an actual sit-down guest. She was funny. (A proposed slogan: If your initials are Ky., you've got to be good.) She talked about loving UK basketball and how her racecar-driving husband doesn't like the sport. She was a better representative from Kentucky, really. Then she told a funny story about getting locked out of a cabin in Yosemite National Park naked and having to use a yoga mat to cover up when she walked into the hotel lobby to get a key.

 urlLink She giggles and smiles more than anything. She thinks most things are funny, but nothing beats when Kevin walks into the room. She thinks he's the best thing ever, and good thing because he's her dad.&nbsp; urlLink

 urlLink She's even adorable when she's drooling...&nbsp; urlLink

 urlLink I talk about how adorable Milla is. Now you can see for yourself. She'll be seven months old Tuesday.&nbsp; urlLink

 Have I mentioned she's my hero? She's a fabulous writer, mostly because she's a single, black mother in Detroit who was raised in North Carolina by her grandparents but some how can speak to me. It doesn't matter our backgrounds and life experiences are different. And it doesn't matter her motherhood inspired this column because it speaks to me about life in general and how maybe I shouldn't have spent my high school senior year wishing away being a teenager. BY ROCHELLE RILEY FREE PRESS COLUMNIST I've said it before: One of the things I like about the Internet, the thing that almost makes up for the daily shots of pornography and fake e-mails telling me about my new mortgage or cash from wealthy Africans, is a simple little nugget whose author is usually unknown, but whose wisdom is profound. When I got the one I'm sharing today, my first and only thought was, "Count me in." But my second thought was, "Oh, how I wish I could convince my daughter and her friends to read this with straight faces and to understand and, in their hurry to grow up, to not rush the years that soon will come rushing on their own." I hoped that maybe if they hear it from someone other than me, it might make a difference: So for all of you moms and dads whose children don't get it and for all of my colleagues in whatever field you're in, whether it's construction of buildings or of sentences, whether it's cleanup of grocery aisles or the checkbooks of bank customers with poor math skills, this is for you. "I am hereby officially tendering my resignation as an ADULT. I have decided I would like to accept the responsibilities of an 8-year-old again. I want to go to McDonald's and think it is a four-star restaurant. I want to sail sticks across a fresh mud puddle. I want to see who can blow the biggest bubble. I want to think M&M's are better than money because you can eat them. I want to drink Kool-Aid, and eat Lemonheadswith my friends. I don't want to change clothes because I got a little dirt on them. I want to enjoy every day like it's summer vacation. "I want to return to a time when life was simple. When all you knew were colors, multiplication tables and TV show theme songs, but that didn't bother you because you didn't know what you didn't know, and you didn't care. All you knew was to be happy because you were blissfully unaware of all the things that should make you worried or upset. I want to think the world is fair. That everyone is honest and good. I want to believe that anything is possible, I want to be oblivious to the complexities of life and be overly excited by the little things again, like a new Hot Wheels car. "I want to live simple again. I don't want my days to consist of computer crashes, mountains of paperwork, depressing news, how to survive more illness, and loss of loved ones. I want to believe in the power of smiles, hugs, a kind word, truth, justice, peace, dreams and the imagination. I want to be in the roller derby and actually believe the Three Stooges are real. "So . . . here's my checkbook and my car keys, my credit card bills and my 401K statements, my pager, my cell phone, my Palm Pilot, my fax machineand my DVD player, and last but not least my mortgage book. I am hereby officially resigning from adulthood. And if you want to discuss this further, you'll have to catch me first 'cause . . . "Tag, you're it! And you have cooties." That says it all for me, in a nutshell, a nutshell I hope to hand to my daughter and her friends and encourage them to enjoy. And to the author, I say: Thank you, and you must have teenagers.

 My doctor's appointment yesterday morning was in downtown Louisville. It got me thinking... I want to go to a Riverbats game. Dumb mascot, cool stadium. I've only been a couple of times, but minor league games are fun. There's still time for that this summer. And I don't need much of a reason to go to Louisville. Waterfront park is continuing to look great. I even think the skate park is neat. I love walking down there, and I really should have taken a pit stop there when Greg and I were finished at my doctor's appointment. But instead we met my parents at Rafferty's on the east end. The east end and its Summit and Springhurst shopping areas are convenient and serve my shopping addiction moments well, but I downtown is good sometimes, too. I also should have driven down by Fourth Street, where the city has put in new restaurants and clubs to see what that looks like. Apparently the Galleria, which was sketchy anyway, is gone. I liked working downtown when I was at the AP. I lived 10 minutes, if that, from downtown and liked watching people walk downtown, dressed in dresses and suits but wearing tennis shoes. I just liked the atmosphere, and realized yesterday I miss it. Then I read today Tumbleweed is opening a restaurant there. First, I love Tumbleweed. (And it's opening in February.) Two, I love waterfront restaurants and was just commenting on that yesterday. And then I was thinking about how I haven't been to Lexington since we moved, and that was almost a year ago. It will be a year Aug. 4. That's next week.

 I had to play editor Friday at work because Eric was out. I can handle it, but I sure am glad my priority most days is writing. All that layout is better off in someone else's hands, anyone else's hands, really. I thought I was going to get out early because of the sudden demand to eliminate any overtime, but I realized there were some tasks I needed to take care of for Saturday's and Monday's papers before I left. So much for eliminating overtime. But I'll be glad when the paycheck comes. So it was off to Louisville Friday afternoon. Mom ordered Hometown Pizza for us when we got there. It is a local favorite. Saturday morning I dragged Greg along with me to run some errands -- two scrapbook stores, Target and Kohl's. I didn't find anything at Kohl's. I love Target. And the scrapbook stores were OK, but Murray's store actually has as good a selection. Later Cassie and I went shopping and I found a cute shirt on sale at Old Navy. Kevin, Laine and Milla came over Saturday for dinner. Milla continues to be the cutest baby ever. She's adorable, loves to giggle and laugh and is starting to show her personality. She can roll over and scoot around and it's going to be no time before she's getting all around. She's easily entertained, and kept thinking I was a jungle gym. I went to the church I grew up going to Sunday morning, and I didn't recognize but a handful of people. That's sort of weird to me. I shouldn't be surprised, but it's just that oh-wow-I'm-growing-up feeling again. Mom, Greg and I went to Evan's first birthday party after church. Evan is the son of Shelley and Dustin, who are among the few real friends I keep in touch with from high school. It was fun to see them, and Bekah and Barrett. Kevin brough Milla over again Sunday night for dinner, and this time Poppy joined us. (Dad was in Indy all weekend.) Guess what? She was still adorable, especially because Kevin dressed her in this adorable pink and yellow striped shirt with a cute white skirt with a butterfly on it. Later that night Greg and I went to visit college friends Laura and Dave who actually live in La Grange, even though neither one of them grew up there. It was nice to see them. They are expecting their first child at the end of January. The pregnancy bug must be in the air, although it hasn't quite reached me. I went to the endrocinologist this morning. She's the diabetes specialist. She was pleased with how I'm doing. The visit was brief, if you eliminate the waiting room time, and rather encouraging. We had lunch with Mom and Dad at Rafferty's before coming back to Murray. It was sort of nice to get back in the afternoon rather than walk in the house and go straight to bed. But, then again, it was nice to have Monday too. My doctor and I talked a lot about the value of exercise, in general and with diabetes. So I'm glad I have my walkin' friend in Katy. We walked tonight and plan on doing so other times this week, which (knock on wood) seems to be free of evening meetings and such.

 Some days are good. Some days are bad. Then some days are just neither, and I almost wish they'd swing to either extreme. These are the kind of days where I just want to curl up on the couch, listen to one of my favorite CDs over and over, cuddle and hug, or have a really good conversations. Actually some combination would be lovely. These are the days I wish I had a place in Murray that gave me an escape from my frustrations, as minor as they are. On these kind of days I wish people could read my mind and realize it's OK that I could cry or laugh at any moment. I think these kind of days are the epitmoe of a perfectionist with overflowing emotions. Feelings mean more than logic on days like today.

 And apparently today was the day for them. First, do you think this stuff is really true? Apparently it is, according to some random e-mail. 1. Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning. 2. Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. 3. A pack-a-day smoker will lose approximately two teeth every 10 years. 4. People do not get sick from cold weather; it's from being indoors a lot more. 5. When you sneeze, all bodily functions stop, even your heart! 6. Only 7 per cent of the population are lefties. 7. Forty people are sent to the hospital for dog bites every minute. 8. Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't appear until they are 2 to 6 years old. 9. The average person older than 50 years old will have spent almost five years waiting in lines. 10. The toothbrush was invented in 1498. 11. The average housefly lives for one month. 12. 40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year. 13. A coat hanger is 44 inches long when straightened. 14. The average computer user blinks seven times a minute. 15. Your feet are bigger in the afternoon than any other time of day. 16. Most of us have eaten a spider in our sleep. 17. The real reason ostriches stick their head in the sand is to search for water. 18. The only two animals that can see behind themselves without turning their heads are the rabbit and the parrot. 19. John Travolta turned down the starring roles in "An Officer and a Gentleman" and "Tootsie." 20. Michael Jackson owns the rights to the South Carolina State anthem. 21. In most television commercials advertising milk, a mixture of white paint and a little thinner is used in place of the milk. 22. Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane, just in case there is a crash. 23. The first Harley Davidson motorcycle built in 1903 used a tomato can for a carburetor. 24. Most hospitals make money by selling the umbilical cords cut from women who give birth. They are used in vein transplant surgery. 25. Humphrey Bogart was related to Princess Diana. They were seventh cousins. 26. If coloring weren't added to Coca-Cola, it would be green. Also, this urlLink link is funny, especially if you like politics just a little. Even if you don't, you'll still probably laugh.

 I left work a little after 1 this afternoon, I think. I've had some random thoughts since then: I'm addicted to scrapbooking. I've moved on to phase two of my vacation album. That would be Rome. I went to Wal-Mart to get two pictures printed as 5-by-7s. Now it's all laying in my living room floor again. Nobody told me the Cubs and Cardinals played this afternoon. Well, that's until Greg called this afternoon to see if it was on 79, our Murray Electric channel that airs FoxSports-Midwest coverage of Cardinals games. Just the games, though, then the stations goes black. Anyway, good thing I turned it on in the eighth inning when it was tied at 8. I got to see the part that mattered most. Although the comeback was impressive I'm sure, thanks to Albert and his three homeruns. Oh, and the two others didn't hurt either. Tensions were high, fans were up and down depending on the moment and the Cardinals came out on top with a 10-game lead over the Cubs. It's fun to watch, though. But it's July and who knows what will happen by September. Oh, but Kyle Farnsworth remains my favorite Cubs pitcher. Today he gave up a homerun to So Taguchi to tie the game. Oh, and one to Albert. Not quite as classic as walking in the winning run earlier in the season, but still helpful. OK, enough about baseball... So then I put on my reporter's cap and went to Robbie Rudolph's tire warehouse, where he and Gov. Ernie Fletcher were meeting with some Mayfield officials about the state of that economy and how they are planning to rebound from the loss of General Tire. The meeting was closed so me and other reporters and photographers -- reporters and cameramen from two different TV stations, a reporter and photographer from The Paducah Sun, a radio guy, the Mayfield newspaper girl and some other random guy whom I could never figure out where he belonged -- waited for almost an hour before they came out. Then the silly TV cameramen, well, one specifically, got in the way and I think went live randomly in the chaos. In was an impromptu press conference that was suppose to be planned, if that makes sense. I came away with enough quote to make a story, sweatier than I went in and probably smelling like rubber. Lovely. Then it was off to a fund-raiser for Melvin Henley at this massive house here. I pulled out of Robbie's not far behind the governor and entourage (I have mentioned I love Robbie?), but apparently politicians drive fast, so they quickly disappeared. I got to the fund-raiser not far behind them and began covering my second event of the evening. So, I'm a better writer than photographer. But I think I figured out why tonight, well, probably one of many reasons. If I concentrate, I can take decent pictures. I love my pictures of Greece, for instance. But when it comes down to taking pictures quickly, with people moving around, I'm not quite as successful. Add to that trying to take notes, and I feel like I slack on the pictures and concentrate on the words. It's my nature to pay more attention to the words first, plus I'm better at that part. Yeah, so, I'm a nerd. I like these political things. But I also was thinking tonight about how I like my job because I've been here long enough people trust me. I've also developed relationships with people apart from being related to the Taylors. All the Taylors in Murray. Don't get my wrong. Great, great people. But it's nice I have developed an identity and people appreciate the work I do apart from marrying into a nice, local family. The newspaper publisher was at the fund-raiser. (I think she's a Republican, but she doesn't try to let too many people know it. But there were 240 people there, so maybe her secret is out!) Anyway, before I left, I told her bye, and she decided she wanted a heart-to-heart talk about work, random things there, before I left. It was fine. Now I'm home, ready for bed and glad to be out of the dress I've had on since 6 a.m. At least the dress looked nice with my orange, slightly muted, fingernails. Goodness, I'm glad I don't usually pick out clothes to match fingernail polish, or vice versa, really. I couldn't handle being that kind of girl.

 I got my second piece of jail mail, which is actually stamped on the envelope identifying it as such. It's from the same guy who sent me a urlLink letter a couple months ago . He accused with multiple things, most seriously two counts of attempted murder of a police officer and felony meth-related offenses, for a drug-bust incident at the end of April. Anyway, apparently I'm ruining his life now, even though in the first letter he told me understood the public had a right to know. But he claims he's innocent and I write with "accusing ways," even though I'm only reporting what happened that day and what has since happened in court. The best part, though, is the drawing of a pile of poop on the envelope, which he refers to in the letter as a illustration of how he feels about my stories. Awfully sweet, huh?

 I tend to only talk about diabetes on here when it's giving me fits, but I thought I'd go the other direction this morning. There's a blood test -- hemoglobin A1C -- that tells somehow what my blood sugar has been over the past three months or so. I'm not really sure how it works. That would probably take a medical degree. But I know that the result is a number that coordinates with an avergae blood sugar reading. So, in January when I was at the doctor's office, my A1C result was 15. In other words, outrageously high, dangerously high. In April is was around 7, which is acceptable for diabetes patients, but maybe still slightly high. Yesterday, it was 6.4, which is ideal, really. See, I can test my blood sugar randomly throughout the day, but that reading is only for that exact moment. There are so many factors -- heat, food, exercise, stress -- that make the numbers go up and down, and make me feel good and bad. So it's hard to know how much it is flunctuating sometimes. That's what this test is for. I know this world is bigger than numbers, but it helps my confidence to know I'm doing this right. Now, there were a few other numbers on my blood test results that were slightly high or slightly low. I think most of them are different proteins in blood, but I'm not sure if any of that is anything to be worried about. Maybe ignorance is OK for a worryer. Anyway, I go to the doctor -- the endocrinologist -- on Monday in Louisville, so I'll know more then.

 I had my first professional massage this afternoon. And it was fabulous, this coming from a girl who likes her head scratched and her feet rubbed. Greg had gotten me a gift certificate for one of the packages at the spa for Christmas. Yes, I know, it's July. Anyway, it included an aroma steam, 30-minute massage, facial and manicure. Pretty girly, yes, but a sweet gift. OK, so the aroma steam. She asked me to pick a "scent." I did. I don't know what it was or if I really liked it. Then I got 20 minutes in this steam room. The first 10 minutes were really good. Then it was too hot. Yes, a steam room is suppose to be hot, but it was too hot, at least for that amount of time. I got out a couple of times in the last 10 minutes. For one, I read one time that being in a hot tub would make my blood sugar drop. I don't know why, really, but Lord knows I've had enough of that hypoglycemia stuff lately. So I was being careful. Plus, I was sweating and wet and the "aroma," whatever that scent was, was starting to fill my nose and eyes, creating a strange feeling I wasn't so sure about. Somehow the steam was relaxing, I would have just shortened the time. Moving on the massage... It was great. I could have fallen asleep, but I thought that might have been a little weird. On that note, back to the steam room, it's really hot and wet but I really wanted to read or talk. That's my task-oriented nature, though, so after a few minutes I realized I should probably just enjoy the peace and quiet. The massage was nice, although I would have chosen different background music. It was some instrumental stuff, soothing, I suppose, and I can't really even remember it so it must not have been that bad, but still... The massage and facial sort of went together, and who knew it would feel good to have my face massaged? She used all kinds of smelly-good clensers and lotions on my face. Then I got my nails done. I never paint my fingernails a color. I do good to keep them at a good length and not pick them down. Anyway, the lady asked what color I wanted, and I told her I really didn't care. (Does indecisiveness come with relaxation?) She said she had this new color she had been wanting to use, so I looked at it. It looked fine, a sort of peach color. Well, at least that's what it looked like in the bottle. Three coats later on my fingers it looked orange. She kept saying it looked tangerine on her, and that's why she couldn't wear it, but it looked more apricot on me. Um, sure, whatever you say, Miss Manicure Lady. It looked orange on me, whatever fruit you want to use to describe it. But this was just a fun day and I really didn't care. The more I looked at it through the evening, the more I decided it was too bright. I tamed it by putting something else -- a whitish color -- on top of it, so it's better now. After that, Katy and I walked. It wasn't as hot as it was last week. Then she, Chad and I went to eat dinner at Subway. Then I came home and cleaned up because as good as I felt from my relaxation afternoon and walking, I was sweaty and my hair was disgusting. (Too much information, maybe...) I got out of the shower just in time to see Edmonds hit a homerun in the fourth inning of the Cubs-Cardinals game. Zambrano apparently had it out for Edmonds, whom he hit twice in the game with pitches. Doesn't matter, a nine-game lead is nice. Even in July.

 I was thinking about my diabetes this morning. I had a weird week with it last week and I had to get my blood taken for my doctor's visit next week, so it has been on my mind. The last part of last week my blood sugar kept going low, usually after meals, even though I took less insulin than I had been taking. It is sort of frustrating not to understand, yet to feel shaky, sweaty and slightly disoriented because my blood sugar is lower than it is suppose to be. So Saturday night it dropped dangerously low, and I took some glucose tablets and ate some crackers, but Greg also went to the gas station to buy me a Coke. Thing is, I haven't had a Coke since lunch on Jan. 28 at Quizno's. (I only remember because Greg and I had lunch there before I went to the doctor for the dreaded appointment.) Anyway, Coke is one of the things that raises my blood sugar quickly, so we thought that would be good. The glucose tablets work fast, too, but it gets old eating them, especially because I would have had to eaten the whole package because my blood sugar was so low. So, the Coke didn't even taste that good. I think I'm so used to diet drinks that the real thing just didn't even taste as good as I thought it would have. It's a nice thing to learn though, as I sit here with my Diet Cherry Coke.

 And God has put all things under his feet and made him the supreme head of the church -- which is his body, filled with himself, the author and giver of everything everywhere. -Ephesians 1:22-23 &nbsp; We live in a physical body surrounded by spirituality, but too often I get caught up in the physical world -- right here, right now -- and ignore the big picture, the spiritual realm. That's silly of me because God is going to hold everything together better than anything I even attempt to do. I can organize. I can plan. I can encourage. I can love. Yet somewhere among every decision I make, there's God tending to every detail, truly controlling every situation. God is greater than every thing I have, every thing I try to be, everything I feel. He's greater than all my five senses combined, really. I get caught up in trying to be a certain way. I'm a perfectionist, so maybe I should relax. I'm a people pleaser, so maybe I should just be myself. I'm a worrier, so maybe I should take every moment one at a time. Maybe. But really life comes down to my heart, your heart. Our hearts sum up who we are. From my heart springs my emotions, my intellect and my will. I once heard "character" defined as who I am when no one is looking. In other words, I am who I am in my heart. I am who I am every inch inside me, even the parts I don't like to show others. Whatever I hide will one day surface. I'm pretty good at developing a pleasing outward appearance, but is that really who I am? Does an emotion or experience cause me to believe something is true even when it isn't true? Maybe a false belief is rooted in a childhood experience or a grass-is-greener-on-the-other-side thought. Maybe I'm sinfully seeking immediate satisfaction. Maybe my perfectionism pushes me to play by the rules for the sake of playing by the rules and no other reason. Sometimes these things take power over my life, a life given to me by the creator of the universe. I should probably just trust&nbsp;God to take care of what he already started. &nbsp; &nbsp; OK, so today was a good summer day. After church and lunch at Backyard Burger, we (that would be Jaclyn, Bryan, Brandon, Greg and I)&nbsp; went to David and Jennifer's to swim and hang out in the sun. I took some pictures, read my book and tried to back dive. Some of the pictures are good, I didn't get very far in my book and I kept flipping all the way over when I dove backward. Then Jaclyn I went to the grocery and we all came back to our house to eat supper. Then Greg, who somehow still had energy, went to play tennis while the rest of us went to Jaclyn and Bryan's, where Jaclyn, Brandon and I played Scrabble. I won. And now here I am, getting ready to go to bed, probably. The sun was shining (I think my arms might be a little red), but it wasn't too hot. Lovely summer day. We even had hot dogs for dinner. That's such a summer food. &nbsp; &nbsp; Yesterday I kept falling asleep. First I laid down to watch the Cardinals-Reds game after I went to some yard sales and Dumplin's with Peggy. I made it through a couple of innings, then it was all over for me. I got up and cleaned some and corrected the three errors Greg found in my scrapbook (Yes, it is finished now. I think Katy will be proud of my effort.)&nbsp; before Greg and I had Mexican for dinner then rented "Mystic River." I liked the movie, even though I dozed off in the middle. But I must not have slept long because I didn't miss much.

 My blogger seems suddenly HTML-smarter. But that's OK. You just know how I am about change... &nbsp; It's been a good week. Nothing too overly exciting and nothing bad either. I've spent a lot of time scrapbooking, and I believe I can officially say I'm addicted. (The six hours I spent working on my scrapbook last night should probably&nbsp;prove that.)&nbsp;I'm almost finished with the Greece portion of our trip and will then move on to Rome, which will probably be its own smaller book. And then I have other ideas floating around my mind. &nbsp; I tend to get addicted to songs and play them over and over, in my head and in the car. Right now it's "This Everyday Love" by Rascal Flatts.

 And I thought the story couldn't get any better... WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) A woman who offered to use her 5-month-old pig as bait to lure a tiger that escaped from the home of an actor who once played Tarzan will be cited for animal cruelty, officials said. Linda Meredith, of Loxahatchee, put the pig in the trunk of her car and drove to the neighborhood where officials were searching for the tiger shortly after she heard of its escape. Meredith asked officers to grab the hind legs of the pig, named Baby, or twist its ears so it would squeal and attract the tiger. The officers declined her offer. Palm Beach County Animal Care and Control Director Dianne Sauve said Meredith will be cited for transporting the pig in her trunk. I was appalled, Sauve said. Carrying an animal in a trunk in 90-degree heat, where its probably 140 degrees inside, is not acceptable. Suave said she planned to meet with county sheriffs officials Thursday to determine specific charges. Meredith said the trunk of her Cadillac is air conditioned, and she was planning to eat the pig when it is full grown. I cant believe they have the gall, she said. I was just trying to help the tiger find his way back home. Following a 26-hour search, the tiger, which belonged to actor Steve Sipek, was shot and killed Tuesday after lunging at a wildlife officer.

 The headline: Prosecution, defense paint very different pictures of Holbrook The lead: The jury heard two different versions of a man accused of killing his wife on Easter Sunday 2002 just outside of Richmond during the opening statements of a capital murder trial Wednesday in Madison Circuit Court. Really? I'm in Murray, probably five hours from Richmond, and I could have written that from here, never getting up from my desk. Come on, seriously, that's the most generic lead possible for a murder trial. Sure, the guy has admitted to stabbing his wife, but surely something a little more interesting was said. It's a murder trial in Richmond.

 Two afternoons -- hot afternoons at that -- I walked with Katy. Power walked, I suppose. We walked in neighborhoods near her place Monday and Tuesday. Yesterday we even had to briefly detour into some sprinklers spraying someone's grass that conveniently rotated into the street. I don't think shade existed, even though we tried to walk in the more shady (shadier?) streets. It was good though -- the company and the fact getting out like that makes me feel good. Yes, this coming from the person who hates to sweat and choose swimming in high school because even when I got hot in the pool, I couldn't tell I was sweating, well, and swimming doesn't involve much of that hand-eye coordination thing I lack. I talked to Kevin last night. I had mailed Milla a 6-month birthday outfit and card. He called to thank me for it. You know, he and I had our share -- actually more than our share -- of fights, physically and verbally, growing up. I really wondered if we were ever going to connect on any level beyond this love-hate thing. But Milla changed him. He's always struggled with having focus. He always seemed to be searching for purpose. I don't know much about his relationship with Laine. But I know he loves her and wants to do what he has to for her and Milla. There was drama -- well, as dramatic as my unemotional family gets -- surrounding Laine's pregnancy just because it wasn't part of the preferred order of big life moments. Still, Milla was born and nobody seems to think twice about the situation now. Besides Milla being the most adorable, best behaved baby ever, she has changed and is changing Kevin, and I think people see that. He's more considerate to me, Cassie, Mom, and I'm sure others. He realizes life is about more than himself and he has a daughter depending on him. He works hard and seems to like his electrician job.

 OK, I'm still laughing about this... Although maybe I shouldn't. Tarzan-wannabe said the authorities committed murder. I'd say they were protecting the community from a wild animal, even if he didn't have claws. What kind of Tiger doesn't have claws? Or as Michael said, "Why couldn't Tarzan catch his own tiger?" While Tarzan mourns his tiger, I'm glad the story has concluded, as much as it makes me laugh. I couldn't leave you without the finale after all my gigglin' about it: LOXAHATCHEE, Fla. (AP) A movie actor who once played Tarzan criticized authorities for killing a tiger that escaped from his home, saying the animal had a heart of gold. The 6-year-old tiger was shot and killed Tuesday when it lunged at a wildlife officer who was trying to capture it. Steve Sipek, who developed a soft spot for jungle beasts after playing Tarzan in B-movies decades ago, said he doubted the tiger had to be killed. He said he would have been able to coax the tiger, named Bobo, if officers had called him to the scene before shooting it. Murder is the word, Sipek said. They murdered a poor helpless animal that only looked ferocious, as any tiger would, but Bobo had a heart of gold. A dozen wildlife trackers and sheriffs deputies had searched more than 24 hours for the animal, which escaped Monday. They had kept watch Tuesday in a five-acre area of dense slash pines and palm trees, hoping to catch it. Officers approached the tiger intending to shoot it with tranquilizers. But the tiger jumped at one officer, who shot it with a shotgun in self-defense, said Jorge Pino, a spokesman with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. Needless to say, the owner is very distraught. Were distraught, Pino said. Our concern was to recover this tiger alive and well. Some nearby residents, who moved to the rural area so they could have room for their own pets, were less sympathetic. What I want to know is when he was in captivity, how long did he go without a feeding? said Kim Smith, who has horses and dogs that she normally keeps outside. Tigers are predatorial. All of us moved out here because were city people wanting a taste of the country. But this is a little funky. Wildlife officials had said they did not believe the declawed pet would attack. He was never taught to hunt, and had never killed anything or lived in the wild. However, he did bite a woman working inside his cage two years ago, severely injuring her. An expert on tiger behavior disagreed that Bobo had posed no danger. Tigers are wild animals and they retain hard-wired instincts and to say just because a tiger doesnt have his claws so what? He still has his teeth and theyre powerful, said Ron Tilson, conservation director at the Minnesota Zoo. Sipeks compound sits about 10 miles from West Palm Beach, just off a main east-west thoroughfare. Sipek has another tiger, a panther, a cougar and lions on his five-acre compound, which is marked by a sign that reads, Trespassers will be eaten. He never should have had these animals in the first place, said Andrea Newell, who grew up two doors away and was visiting family on Tuesday. The tigers escape and the shooting were under investigation, officials said.

 I can't stop laughing about this... The Associated Press keeps moving write-thrus on the wire about this escaped tiger. Wildlife trackers were maintaining a perimeter around the area, hoping that the tiger, named Bobo, will head back into owner Steve Sipeks compound later Tuesday for his normal evening feeding. Officials said they are limiting the number of trackers in the area so the cat wont get spooked. He is hunkered down. Hes taking a cat nap, said Lt. Charles Dennis with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.

 Apparently the tiger's name is Bobo and the searchers are making progress. Wildlife trackers, joined by the cats owner, Steve Sipek, felt confident they were closing in on the cat, named Bobo, after finding fresh paw prints. They planned to shoot the 6-year-old tiger with tranquilizers but carried shotguns just in case. Sipek was very distraught over the whole situation. He feels confident that if he spots the tiger he may be able to talk him into coming to him in a peaceful way, said Jorge Pino, a spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. This story is hilarious to me. I mean, I'd probably be scared if a tiger was free-roaming in Murray, but the seriousness is overshadowed by the goofiness of the story.

 This story, even just the first sentence alone, is funny for lots of reasons. My comments are inserted in italics . LOXAHATCHEE, Fla. (AP) Where? A 600-pound tiger (That seems awfully large to me.) eluded capture for a second day Tuesday ( Come on, it's an animal, catch it.) after escaping from the compound of its owner, a former actor who once played Tarzan. And, really, why does he have a pet Tiger? He just acted like he belongs in a jungle. He actually lives in Florida. Deputy sheriffs and state game officials set up a perimeter around a search area and started beating the bush again at daybreak, said Willie Puz, spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. Drama. The 6-year-old tiger was spotted several times, most recently around 7:30 a.m. Tuesday by a woman who said it was in her back yard ( like the neighbor's cat came over...) . Officials hoped it would simply grow hungry and return home in search of food, Puz said. As if it really has to come home for food. It could devour anybody or anything if it got that hungry. The tiger was reported missing Monday afternoon from the home of Steve Sipek, who played Tarzan decades ago under the screen name Steve Hawkes ( Hold this thought, this portion of the story gets better...) , said Paul Miller, spokesman for the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. Sipek has raised the tiger since it was a cub. When the first deputies arrived on the scene Monday, the cat ( Yes, technically it's a cat, but really... ) jumped on top of their car, Miller said. Puz said searchers who spotted it several times Monday evening were never close enough to shoot it with tranquilizer darts. And how close would that be? Though law enforcement officers were available to escort nervous residents away from the area, Puz said officials were encouraging people to go about their normal business. The tiger has only roamed about 200 yards from its home, which means its not out free-roaming all over, he said. I'd say free-roaming actually is accurate. Sipek has another tiger, two lions, a black leopard and a cougar on his property, the Palm Beach Post reported. The cats, mostly castoffs from zoos (Maybe that's the problem.) , are usually kept in a mazelike series of interlocking cages. In February 2002, a 750-pound tiger (That's even larger.) mauled a woman who was helping Sipek during a photo shoot at his compound. She was bit on the head. In 1985, a tame, three-legged black leopard belonging to Sipek eluded searchers for nearly three days before being found wandering near a fence on his property. A leopard that was missing a leg also eluded searchers? Sipek said at the time that he had been devoted to the big cats (At least they are considered "big cats" now.) ever since one pulled him from a fire during the filming of a Tarzan movie. According to the Internet Movie Data Base (That sounds like a great source.) , Steve Hawkes played Tarzan in a series of Spanish-language Tarzan movies around 1970 and was called Zan of the Jungle when they were released in English. (Maybe he really thought he belonged in the jungle among the animals.) He retired from acting after an on-set accident (Involving an animal?) , it said. His property is about 15 miles west of Palm Beach. (Or so that's where Loxahatchee is.) It is bordered by other similar sized estates and mini-ranches, many with livestock. (Maybe that's another part of the problem.) Canals and wooded areas and scrubby brush surround the homes that sit on five-acre lots off dirt roads. (Like the jungle...) Lion County Safari and the swampy Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge are a few miles away.

 Blogs are weird concepts. The idea of posting random thoughts, observations and ideas in one place is attractive to be for a few reasons: One, I'm random. Two, I'm a writer who finds peace in compiling my thoughts. Three, I'm anal (I guess the nice phrase would be a "perfect melancholy with some "powerful choleric"...) so I like the built-in organization. Also, I like feeling like I have an audience. Yes, I write for myself and could careless if anyone reads it, but from classes in writing I want to have a defined audience. A letter is addressed to a specific person. My newspaper stories are written to the community. My blog is written to an audience of sorts, even if it borders on undefined and possibly non-existent. Throughout my life I've kept journals. Sometimes I write poems. Sometimes I babble seemingly endlessly. Other times I just chronicle events. I share feelings. I quote people I admire or words I like. My traditional journals have been neglected. It's easier to go back and read this. It's all in one place, not separate books on the shelf or in boxes. I just like everything this blog brings together. And I like making this 21st century noun "blog" into a verb, "bloggin'." Blogs are sort of entries into people's mind. Maybe as close as we'll ever get. A few of my friends have blogs, and they are a convenient, much-too-modern way to keep up with people. Take Ryan for instance. Quick history: We worked together at The Park at Middletown, a small amusement, miniature golf facility in Louisville. We were friends there, but really got to be friends via e-mail my freshman year of college. He was a senior at St. Xavier High School and I was at Murray State. Somehow we bonded that way, probably because we are both much better at expressing ourselves through these modern forms of communication. He even drove to Murray once to visit. (Although I don't think that will ever happen again because he thinks Murray and Cincinnati are worlds apart.) He moved to Cincinnati, went to college for awhile, started working... I visited him there a few times, saw some Reds-Cardinals games, rode roller coasters at Kings Island, fought with his former roommate Justin. We'd hang out in Louisville sometimes, usually at Denny's. OK, that's not such a quick history. But there you have it. Well, I sure wished we talked more. I mean, I could tell you a little bit about his baseball team in a northern Kentucky league or about his girlfriend Ann. I know he's alive and I assume well. But even a blog doesn't substitute for friendship. I was hoping I'd get to see him when I go with some friends to Kings Island at the end of the month, but he's going to a wedding of some friends. Sometimes timing and distance hinder good ideas. Memories are good because those are the moments that teach us a little bit more about who we are, who we want to be, where we're going and where we've been. Friends are friends for a reason, and it's good to know nobody can change how we got to where we are. I've also been thinking about the twisted concept of blogs because of Jessica Cutler and her scandalous Capital Hill sexual activity with only God knows who, all of which was documented on a blog. I talk a lot and let a lot of people into my life on here, but some things probably should be kept inside one's mind and life. Anyway, from articles and interviews I've read about her, I'm fairly certain she loves every ounce of attention she's gotten since leaving her cushy, $25,000-a-year job in D.C. for who knows what beyond a book deal in New York. I just blogged about bloggin'.

 I got Rascal Flatts tickets today for their concert at the state fair Aug. 29. Chris Cagle is going to be with them. I didn't realize who he was, but the few songs I now know he sings make me excited about him too.

 Later in the weekend we played Rook with Greg's parents and then Scene It and Balderdash with Jaclyn and her family and Brandon. Games are fun, especially with all our competitive personalities, and they are cheap entertainment. I need to start making a list of games that would make good Christmas presents from the family. Our stock could use a boost. I also started my scrapbook Saturday night and plan to work more on it tonight. Katy helped me get started, and while I'm a little slow with the creativity right now, I think I'm going to like this, maybe a little too much.

 In our bank statements that came in the mail today we were informed The Murray Bank will start online banking Aug. 1. Thank God. Maybe then I will able to get the checkbook balanced to the penny, unlike the past few months we I can't account for a few dollars and a few more cents here and there. At least the checkbook is off to my advantage. The banks says I have more money than I think I have. It's nice the local bank is coming into the 21st century.

 So I came home from work yesterday with a bad attitude. It was a mixture of sadness, bitterness and frustration combined with my too emotional mind set. I was dreading hosting the 14 people we invited over for dinner and games. I cleaned and made a side dish and dessert after work. Then Greg came home and cleaned some. We didn't talk much then I yelled and cried a little, not really at him, just at the situation. Then everything was out and I was ready to move on. Refreshing, really. Yes, I'm emotional, but at the same time that's just me looking for answers and explanations. So people came over and we all had a good time eating hamburgers and hot dogs and playing games -- Scene It (Katy, Jaclyn, Brandon and I won), Outburst (Katy, Jaclyn, Chad, Bryan and I won), and Trivia Pursuit (Katy, Bryan, Eric and I won). Apparently Katy and I are the game masters. Our team even came from behind in Trivia. We had three pie pieces when the other team (Greg, Chad, John and Brandon) got to the middle for the final question. We gave them a brown (literature) question and the missed it. They went out and eventually back and missed several other brown questions. Meanwhile, we got some pieces, reached the middle and answered "John Grisham" for the win. At 1 a.m. the last people left and Greg and I went to bed cuddly. I only say cuddly because I told you I was refreshed. Sleeping in was good this morning. I love reading newspapers on Saturday mornings. I cleaned up from last night, talked to Mom, surprised Greg with Dumplin's lunch and watched the Cardinals beat the Cubs. Eight games up. Well, I say I watched the Cardinals, truth be told, though, I dozed off and on, mostly off, during the game. I guess I needed some more sleep. I've been thinking about love languages. I love by giving. Whether it's my husband or friends, I love by giving presents, cards, Post-It Notes and attention. Everyone loves differently and loves to be loved in certain ways. Often the way I love is the way I love to be loved. Sometimes it's important to love people the way they love naturally, even if it's not personally naturally. What speaks most lovingly to one person might not speak most powerfully to another. I have to remember not everyone will love me exactly the way I love them, and that's OK.

 Sometimes I wonder if I'm settling for Murray for the sake of settling. I generally like it here. But when I'm overly sad or happy I wish I was in Louisville. When I graduated from college, I told myself I'd never live in Murray. Sure, visit. But live? Not so much. Then I changed my mind, decided love with worth it. Worth moving away from my family. Some days it seems worth it. Some days I wish I could just move my world back to where I seem to fall back on naturally. I believe everything happens for a reason. Maybe this is to make me stronger. Maybe this is to teach me patience. Maybe this is to make me rely on myself and not run to familiarity. I cried today at work this afternoon. I HATE crying at work. I actually am not fond of crying, but it's a natural release for me. Thank the perfect melancholy personality for that. Without details, I cried because I have a friend at work who is the best friend I've made in a long time and Greg doesn't care for my friendship with him. To a point I understand. But then I think about how Greg should give him a chance, see why he's my friend. I'm almost insulted, as silly as that sounds. I'm sure there is a lesson in all of this. I'm just not sure what it could be. Greg says we hang out all of the time at work, but, like I told Michael, life sure is more fun outside of this office. I like my job, but I love my friends. And I hate that right now I feel like I live in two worlds that can't seem to mesh. Sometimes I just wish life could be as simple as it seems on the surface.

 I might get to see Katie Kerns at the beginning of August. That would be fabulous. She's trying to make plans to fly to Louisville from Boston for a friend's wedding. And if she's that close I'll make a way to see her, even if it is just for lunch or ice cream. We emailed and talked on the phone yesterday, and I am just reminded how lucky I am to have her. Growing up together seems so long ago, but something clicked when she, a fifth-grader, moved next door when I was in sixth grade. It hasn't mattered if we were at different colleges in the same state or living 20-something hours apart, she knows me better than most people. We were spoiled both living in Lexington last year, but I think it recharged our friendship. If only she and Brad move to Nashville next...

 A couple of days late, I know, but I think John Kerry is smart for choosing John Edwards as his running mate. Kerry is so liberal that I think Edwards balances him. Also, geographically, Edwards will win him some Southern votes. Mitch McConnell was quoted this week saying people to vote for the No. 2 person, they are electing a president. Still, I think if some conservative-leaning Democrats were deciding whether to vote for Bush, even though they might not be happy with him, or Kerry, Edwards on the ballot might persuade them to stay with the Democrats. We'll see what happens. The thing about having a not-so-good day is the next day can be better. Today is going to be better. Yesterday was a strange mixture of good times and emotional times for no real good reason. (But there was no question is was my own doing and nobody else's fault because I was snappy and grouchy with Greg at lunch and Michael and work. I sure wanted to place blame elsewhere, but it was obviously my bad day that was running over into other people's lives.) I took the afternoon off from work, and apparently that didn't sit well with my editor because I didn't really tell him. But I used to always take Wednesday afternoons off (then Brandi quit and the newsroom was a little busier than usual) and figured he'd know that was the plan now that work has slowed down some. So much for assuming. Anyway, I spent about an hour at the scrapbook store, where Katy showed me around and helped me pick out some things to get started with this new project, which I'm sure will develop into a very addicting habit. Katy works there and loves to scrapbook. I've always wanted to, but never really knew where to start. With talking to her and going to Greece, I have plenty of inspiration now. I ran a few other errands, then organized all my pictures and brochures and such from the trip into chronological order so I can start scrapbooking this weekend. We'll see how that goes. I also walked last night with Katy. I keep myself I need to walk because it helps maintain lower blood sugar levels. Theoretically, if I get into a habit -- maybe routine is a better word -- of walking, I should be able to take less insulin. Plus it's just good for me all around. I actually like to walk, but sometimes it's unmotivating when I can't find anybody to walk with. Walking is usually grounds for good conversation, so company is good. We'll see how this new goal works out for me.

 Sometimes the words are too few. I rely upon gestures and glares, hugs and stares to let people know how I feel. Even for a writer, I can't string together words to complete a thought. Sometimes frustration makes my words fickle. Sometimes love makes my words too loose. Sometimes the emotions collide and clutter my heart. Sometimes the words are too many. I seem desperate to explain a thought, but string together fragments, dancing around it. Even for a writer, this babble is far from brilliant and certainly not concise. Sometimes love becomes lost in lingering letters. Sometimes emotions take over and I laugh and cry.

 If I wanted to hear songs just like they sound on a CD, I'd drive around with the CD playing. But when I go to concerts I want to hear live music, even variations of the recorded version. That's why I love Dave Matthews in concert. I'll recognize a song, then never quite know what Dave will sing or his band will play. Today at work a guy was talking about how he didn't like it when musicians mixed up their songs live. He said he'd prefer for everything to sound like the CD. He also said he didn't like it when they talked. Come on. Why even go to a concert?

 Our computer at home is dying, or maybe I should go ahead and pronounce it dead, so I've been writing this blog in my head all weekend. I don't really understand parades or fireworks and why they are appealing. Parades just involve a lot of random people walking or riding down the street and even more random people watching them from the sidewalk. What's that about? Then fireworks. I guess once anyone has seen Thunder of Louisville any other fireworks show is ruined. They are pretty for a minute, then they just keep going. I don't think it's that I'm unpatriotic. (I mean, I love Toby Keith.) I think it has more to do with wanting purpose and meaning in everything. Or maybe the fact my in-laws love parades and fireworks. Like the joke the other night at a Republican dinner, although apparently the Democrats made the same joke: Republicans think every day is the Fourth of July. Democrats think every day is April 15th. Saturday we went to the parade and people kept asking me if I wanted candy. No, I have diabetes. Eating candy probably isn't the smartest thing in the world. While I mocked them in my head, though, my blood sugar dropped, and I needed to eat a peppermint. I would have rather had a cinnamon candy, but Greg's cousin was more willing to part with the peppermint. Beggars can't be choosers, right? Then we went to Pagliai's for lunch. (The choice came down to Pagliai's or Mr. Gatti's. Um, that's a toss up of maybe the two worst places in Murray. Oh well, I cast the deciding vote, so I'm not complaining.) I took a nap Saturday afternoon until it was time to go to Serenity and Patrick's shower shin-dig. Serenity is probably my favorite of Greg's cousins. She works in logistics at John Deere in Iowa and is marrying a guy at least 10 years older than her. (I think it's actually 11 or so.) Anyway, he's cool, though. So it was fun hanging out with them this weekend. That night we went to the country concert at Murray State. Jimmy Wayne was good. His songs blurred the line between rock and country. And Greg swears one sounded more R&B, but that's Greg's opinion that new country isn't like old country. Well, OK, but that doesn't mean a black man is interchangeable on a Jimmy Wayne song. John Anderson was old country -- On A Straight Tequila Night and Swingin'. Greg enjoyed him the most; I could have lived without that hour of the show. Sara Evans was great. Not only was she adorable with her pregnant belly, but her songs were great, too. Sunday we continued the Taylor Fourth of July celebration with a cook-out and swim party at David and Jennifer's. It would have better if the sun would have stayed out. I mean, I didn't even get sunburned. But Jaclyn and Bryan went over there with us, so I had a good time hanging out with her. Good thing she was there because Gary must have decided sometime Saturday I wasn't cool enough to pay attention to again and Angela pretty much doesn't acknowledge me either. I would think I was just beginning to develop an insecure complex with the in-laws, but Jaclyn noticed too, and I didn't even tell her to pay attention to how they ignore me. Of course, Elijah cried a lot Saturday and Sunday. He was best at the parade, which doesn't make any sense because sometimes all those sirens drive me crazy and if I were a 6-month-old child I might even cry. But he didn't. No he waited until later in the day and the weekend. Although, I must say, Elijah is cuter than he used to be. He's grown into his funky-shaped head and is a cute baby. Jaclyn and I went shopping in Clarksville yesterday. My sister's wasn't in town, though, because she's at home for the summer, so going to Clarksville wasn't quite as good as when I get to hang out with her too. But we found some good stuff at Old Navy and I bought Milla at Target. We ate at Steak-N-Shake and later ate a soft pretzel from Auntie Anne's. Oh, and we went to Books-A-Million. I love that place. Well, actually I like Barnes and Noble and Joseph-Beth better, but I have to take what I can get. I think I'll have more to say later.

 I've neglected the blog this week, but I really haven't had anything to say. One could probably argue I've posted many times without any clear point... Murrayans love their Fourth of July. A parade, country concert, fireworks, baseball tournament, youth activities. I'm sure the list could go on. I guess it just a good time to promote the little city, but, still, I don't quite understand. I do like that the country concert usually involves somebody pretty good. That would be Sara Evans and Jimmy Wayne this year. Hey, I can't complain for $4. I'm sure I'll get roped into going to the parade. Greg's family loves parades. The thing is, I don't know if the LOVE parades or they think they should like them because everybody in Murray likes parades. This town has more parades than anywhere I've been. Angela and Charles are bringing baby Elijah into town; I'm sure he'll cry again when everybody is around. There's a family cookout/shower for Greg's cousin Serenity and her fiance Patrick on Saturday. On Sunday, we're doing the annual swimming/grilling out party at his uncle and aunt's house. Those are some good summertime activities -- if only the rain will hold off. This week has been typical. Fairly busy at work. A few things to cover in the evenings. I did go see Spider-Man 2 Wednesday night. I figured even being opening night the crowd would be less than this weekend. It was good. It went well with the first one, which is what I like to see in a sequel. I read several reviews that said this was one of the few sequels that's better than the original. I don't know if I would go that far. Speaking of sequels, that makes me think about a trilogy. I'd like to watch all of the Scream movies. Maybe I can do that this weekend. Afterall, I do get Monday off. Explain that. Yeah, Fourth of July is Sunday, but word has it Christmas and New Year's are on Saturdays and we don't get any extra day off. I'm proud to be an American and vote regularly, but why is the extra holiday necessary in July but neglected in December and January? Wow, for not having much to say, I said a lot.

 Baskin-Robbins used to have this fabulous ice cream in July called Stars and Stripes and Exploding Bites. It was red, white and blue (maybe cherry, vanilla and raspberry, I can't remember...) ice cream with Pop Rocks candy. My world was filled with red, white and blue and politics yesterday. In the afternoon I went to Dover, Tenn., because they were having a rally in support of the Ten Commandments. That monument from Alabama that was the center of the debate that ended in a Supreme Court justice losing his job because he refused to remove the monument, which he owned. Anyway, the monument is on tour across the country on its way to Washington, D.C. Last night I went to a rally for the Democratic candidate for the state House seat. Buddy Buckingham (sometimes I have to be careful not to say Bucky Buddingham...) is seeking his fourth term against a Republican who used to be Murray's mayor and a chemistry professor at Murray State. Now they both are involved in economic development locally. Anyway, I think it's going to be a close race, and definitely closer than the Democrats think it's going to be. The thing is Murray traditionally votes Democratic but leans conservatively. The Republican Party here is growing and being much more active, so I think it will turn the tables in some elections. I like political functions because there are always random people there, sort of having my different work worlds collide. Last night I talked with the sheriff for a long time. He's a great country boy. I told him last night was the first time I've ever seen him out of his uniform. He told me he likes to try and blend in sometimes, but that never really works for him. He introduced me to his wife as his favorite reporter. That's sweet. Then my favorite criminal defense attorney was there. He's nuts and loves to talk about his MSU athlete-clients. Then there are the people who know I usually vote Republican and like to tease me. But they still seem to like me, so I must be doing something right with the objectivity in my stories. Also on a political note: I think it is ridiculous Alan Keyes, a talk show host from MARYLAND, is going to accept the bid to run for the ILLINOIS Senate. Um, really, what makes him qualified if he has NEVER lived in the state? Apparently as long as he lives in Illinois by Election Day everything is OK. I guess it's what Hilary Clinton did in New York, but that's not right either. Republicans in Illinois must be desperate. Too bad their other candidate was embarassed with some sex club allegations from his divorce records.

 Sometimes I blog because I want to talk and nobody is around. Other times boredom prompts it. But most of the time it's because I think too much and have too many random thoughts to remember and I figure if I chronicle them everything will make just a bit more sense to me. Selfish, I suppose. But maybe in the process someone will learn something about me. Plus on here I can talk about whatever I want because it's my blog. Religion and politics make some people nervous, but I like to talk about both of them. And my blog doesn't talk back, although I guess people who read it can. Blogs are popular now. When Ryan persuaded me to start one almost three years ago, he was a little in front of the trend. But now all kinds of people use them. There's Jessica Cutler, the crazy intern from Capitol Hill who liked to publish her sexual escapades. Politicans use them as campaign forums. And I read a story about soldiers using them to stay connected to their civilian lives. And here mine is, a bunch of babble.

 Our bank has Internet banking! My checkbook has been off by $10.91 for a long time. Even though the difference was to my advantage, it's been driving me crazy. Now I can balance my checkbook more frequently than once a month when the statement comes in the mail. I have it to the penny now. It's really a lovely moment in the world of a perfectionist. When we lived in Lexington, I balanced my checkbook at least once a week, and now I can get back to that anal habit because The Murray Bank has moved into the 21st century.

 But it's hot outside. I left work early today because I have to work tomorrow night, Friday night and Saturday and overtime is from the devil in my office. That's according to my bosses. Personally, I might as well go work and make the extra money. Anyway, I've been out running errands -- Wal-Mart, Lowe's, Post Office and the bank -- and each time I got in and out of my car, I felt like I was stuck to the seat. Lovely feeling, really. So our anniversary was yesterday, as I've mentioned, but today I was thinking about how Aug. 3, 2002, was apparently the hottest day Louisville had experienced in five years, according to my aunt and uncle who were in town for our wedding from Yellowstone National Park and their research. All of that to say, I bet it's not as hot as it was that day, but I bet it's close. Katy called this morning to tell me she thought it was going to be too hot to walk. I think she might be right. So we're going to replace the exercise time with dinner. Healthy. And now I'm going to take care of some things in the air-conditioned house.

 1. You accidentally enter your password on the microwave. 2. You haven't played solitaire with real cards in years. 3. You have a list of 15 phone numbers to reach your family of 3. 4. You e-mail the person who works at the desk next to you. 5. Your reason for not staying in touch with friends is that they don't have e-mail addresses. 6. When you go home after a long day at work you still answer the phone in a business manner. 7. When you make phone calls from home, you accidentally dial "9" to get an outside line. 8. You've sat at the same desk for four years and worked for three different companies. 10. You learn about your redundancy on the 11 o'clock news. 11. Your boss doesn't have the ability to do your job. 12. Contractors outnumber permanent staff and are more likely to get long-service awards. AND... 13. You read this entire list, and kept nodding and smiling. 14. As you read this list, you think about forwarding it to your "friends." 15. You got this e-mail from a friend that never talks to you anymore, except to send you jokes from the net. 16. You are too busy to notice there was no #9 17. You actually scrolled back up to check that there wasn't a # and now you're laughing at yourself. (And here I am publishing it on my blog...)

 A year ago today Greg and I moved to Murray. That's one day after our anniversary, so I guess it will always be easy to remember. I used to not want to live in Murray, but really this last year has been pretty great overall. We ate at Patti's last night for our anniversary. They are famous for bread baked in a flower pot, porkchops and desserts. But I had grilled shrimp and it was SO good. I had to take a lot of insulin to eat there, but it was well worth it and I even kept my blood sugar under control and ate a piece of chess pie. Greg brought home these gorgeous, bold-colored flowers yesterday and gave me some scrapbooking stuff and a Cardinals shirt that goes along with the Cardinals tickets I bought him. It was a busy day for both of us, but I'm glad we got to do something fun last night.

 In three years I've written more than 100,000 words on here. That's a lot. I like to go to court when I have stories to cover there because there's always crazy stuff going on with crazy people. But I have issues with this we-don't-write-about-DUIs policy at the paper. I understand not writing about Joe Nobody's DUI, but if someone is a public figure -- MSU athlete, for example -- it's a different story. There was a football player in court this morning who pleaded guilty to a DUI charge, and I'm not allowed to write about it even though there was another football player in court who pleaded guilty to drug parpapheralia. First, DUI is a more serious charge. Also, it's sort of unfair to not write about both of them. I mean, football player one, who happens to be walk-on, hates to see his name in the paper and mistakes shared with the community. Meanwhile, football player two, who used to play for a Division I school but found himself at Murray State, passes through the court system without a word publicly. BUT if someone is charged with DUI among other charges, such as a basketball player who will be in court next week, then it's OK to write about it. And to think this policy was created because the former publisher wanted to keep his friends' names out of the paper. I just wonder if it wasn't an athlete but rather a state legislator or university administrator if I could write about it. According to the current "policy," I couldn't. But I'd argue that one harder, I think. And all of this comes from the girl who saw stories about her dad's two DUIs in a few years' time on the front of the city section of The Courier-Journal. As his daughter, I hated to see my dad's story shared with the world. But as a journalist, I understood he was a public figure, even if only in the local community, because he was an middle school principal. His life was shaken up, but it wasn't the newspaper or the police that instigated those changes. I was chatting with a police detective this morning in court. He said when he was first a patrol officer, he felt bad arresting people because he knew the criminal charges could contribute to a divorce or a job loss or a number of other things. But then he realized, as a police officer he didn't put that person in that situation; he was just doing this job. I really understand that from the experiences with my dad and with covering police and courts for the paper.

 so bloggin' is my break from being productive tonight. I wasn't sure what I was going to do tonight. I ran errands after work then made Greg's anniversary present. Then I walked with Katy. Usually I'm the one with a to-do list of tasks, but tonight Greg came home ready to work. Our bathroom sucks, for a lack of a better adjective. Right now there is tan carpet, a red counter top, taupe walls, grundgy white cabinets with goldish trim ... It's just real mix-matched and old. So, we're painting the cabinets tonight. Um, let me rephrase that: Greg is painting the cabinets. I cleaned the cabinets, took of the hinges and knobs and prepared the area for him. Sweet, I know. Anyway, I'm taking a break now because he's in there painting and our bathroom definitely isn't big enough for the both of us, or any two people in general. So this is the first step toward my recent home improvement list. Baby steps are better than nothing. Hopefully tiling our bathroom is the next step. Then we'll conquer the guest bedroom in the attic, complete with a pink bathroom. When I say pink, I don't just mean a pink-painted wall. I mean a pink sink and pink tile with a partially pink-painted and partially white-tiled wall. It's really kind of cool, though. The real issue is the light green walls in the staircase and front room. That definitely needs to be taken care of, as soon as the weather is cooler because it's pretty stinkin' hot up there right now. I could pass the living room as my favorite room in the house once we get crackin' on the improvements. People who haven't been to our house are probably thinking we live in a crazy place, but really the main rooms are nice. We just sort of stopped there when we moved in, and now I'm motivated again to get some things done. It comes in waves, you know.

 In second grade I made this friend named Elizabeth, who moved to Kentucky from Rhode Island. We lived diagonally across the neighborhood from each other. The path from my house to hers was so often traveled one winter we walked through the snow the same way so much that in the spring that tract of grass in the mutual neighbor's yard was dead. We went to church and school together. We played flashlight tag in the neighborhood with our friends. We stayed up laughing and talking lots of nights. She was a good friend to have. Although she's still my friend, the type of friendship has just changed a lot. It's neat to see how people come and go, literally and figuratively, but there are certain people who remain part of your life, even if their capacity changes. Elizabeth moved in the ninth grade to Tacoma, Wash., which is near Seattle. Later she moved with her family to Buffalo, N.Y. Then she went to college in Portland, Ore., and still lives out that way. Her parents, brother and sister even moved back to the west coast. I've seen her a handful of times since the ninth grade. I went to Seattle once, and she's visited Louisville a few times, including flying in for my wedding. We keep in touch with e-mail and the random letter or card (and she even wrote me once on the back of chemistry notes) because we know a envelope other than a bill is welcome sight in the mailbox. I learned recently Elizabeth's mom works as an office manager in a diabetes center. It's interesting to me how my life sort of meshed. Here I am living in Murray, Ky., having been diagnosed with diabetes about six months ago and there the mom of my oldest friend is working in my field. Elizabeth's mom told me she's surrounded with some expert diabetes educators and nutritionist. It's a good resource to know about, especially because I trust that family so much, like they were my own. Elizabeth emailed me today, and it's neat to me that we can still be part of each other's lives, even if it is more electronically than living in the same part of the country. We aren't neighbors anymore, but I'm thankful for the continued connection.

 Good thing I had a lot of car time yesterday because I read "Ten Big Ones" in a day, actually not even that. I read a couple of chapters on our way to Kings Islands, but then I had it finished before we were at Beaver Dam yesterday. It's the 10th book in Janet Evanovich's series about bounty hunter Stephanie Plum. They are hilarious. More funny than anything. But there is some suspence thrown in. She's a smart author, though, because she left me hanging at the end, knowing she has published the next installment yet. That's why she can write 10 books about the same character and keep people interested. Rather brilliant, really, but frustrating for me, who has formed an addiction to her books. She has another series of humor/suspense novels but they aren't as good. I think I just don't like the characters as much. Anyway, here's a sample. It's the very beginning of the book. The way I see it, life is a jelly doughnut. You don't really know what it's about until you bite into it. And then, just when you decide it's good, you drop a big glob of jelly on your best T-shirt. My name is Stephanie Plum, and I drop a lot of jelly globs, figuratively and literally. Like the time I accidentally burned down a funeral home. That was the mother of all jelly globs. I got my picture in the paper for that one. I'd walk down the street and people would recognize me. "You're famous now," my mother said when the paper came out. " You have to set an example. You have to exercise, eat good food and be nice to old people." Okay, so my mother was probably right, but I'm from Jersey and truth is, I have a hard time getting a grip on the good example thing. A good example in Jersey isn't exactly the national ideal. Not to mention, I inherited a lot of unmanageable brown hair and rude hand gestures from my father's Italian side of the family. What am I supposed to do with that? My mother's side is Hungarian and from this I get blue eyes and the ability to eat birthday cake and still button the top snap on my jeans. I'm told the good Hungarian metabolism only lasts until I'm forty, so I'm counting down. The Hungarian genes also carry a certain amount of luck and gypsy intuition, both of which I need in my present job. I'm a Bond Enforcement Agent, working for my cousin Vincent Plum, and I run down bad guys. I'm not the best BEA in the world and I'm not the worst. An incredibly hot guy with the street name Ranger is the best. And my sometimes partner, Lula, is possibly the worst. Maybe it's not fair to have Lula in the running for worst bounty hunter of all time. To begin with, there are some really bad bounty hunters out there. And more to the point, Lula isn't actually a bounty hunter. Lula is a former hooker who was hired to do the filing for the bail bonds office but spends a lot of her day trailing after me. At the moment, Lula and I were standing in the parking lot of a deli-mart on Hamilton Avenue. We were about a half-mile from the office and we were leaning against my yellow Ford Escape, trying to make a lunch choice. We were debating nachos at the deli-mart against a sub at Giovichinni's.

 I rode roller coasters and ate Krispy Kreme doughnuts and Skyline Chili this week. Jaclyn, Bryan, Brandon, Greg and I went to Kings Island this weekend. We drove to my parents' house on Friday and then went to Kings Island Saturday morning. It rained all day Friday here and in Louisville, so we weren't feeling confident in Saturday. We drove in the rain Saturday morning toward Cincinnati. It was overcast and sprinkled a little once we got to the park, but within a little while it cleared up and it was a nice amusement park day. We even took a roller coaster break for the lazy river and a group water slide at the water park. I love The Beast and Face Off. Those are probably my two favorites there. But The Vortex, Flight of Fear, Son of the Beast Top Gun and Drop Zone are good too. At the water park, we went down this slide thing in a four-person intertube. First it goes through a tunnel and then into this opening that allows the tube to go up the wall and then back up the other (like a ramp, kind of) and then on down the slide into the pool. It was so fun, and by far the most thrilling water park attraction I've ever experienced. Today we hung out at my parents' house, even though I don't think everyone else enjoyed just sitting around there as much as I did. Kevin and Milla came over for lunch -- mom-made lasagna and manicotti. This morning we watched "Bend It Like Beckham." I had been wanting to, and it was conveniently on TV today. Cute movie.

