 ....no one needs rides.... Cool! ^^

 BTW, if anyone can bring snacks (chips, dip, soda, etc) that would be most helpful. If you can't bring food (don't know what to get, can't get to a store, etc) if you could bring even a (uno!) dollar to help with the pizza, that would be helpful too. If anyone needs a ride, please post now! ...what else? BTW: I just got it in the mail. Senior cut day is March 5th. I never understood, senior cut day. How can one get away with cutting if in a group? With Mrs. Freeman, she might decide she doesn't like this and have us all in detention or suspended or something. I'm not too sure about doing this. What is everyone elses' feeling, thoughts, concerns, comments, flames, suicidal notes, etc. on this? ...I used etc a lot in this post...

 BG: Yes, you have mad skills. You are the HTML expert of us all. Shark-Bait: AWW! Get better soon! *gives Shark-Bait a balloon with a sick dragon on it. it says: "Been Draggin? Get Well Soon"* Meta: I dunno. I just, have no opinion on this subject. Disney has sucked the last few years.

 awe. poor moo. get better. be less bored. *does tacky little happy dance* .... i have found my topic. yay! and very pretty sed.

 ::blink blink:: sick is no fun. sick is bad. what's worse than sick? Bored. I'm sick and bored.

 YAY! school's an hour late! ...so, yeah... this "party" since i talked to you in person, kim, do i still have to post anything? of course, seeing as how you volunteered my house i suppoe i'll have to eventally... anyway, BACK TO BED!

 I dunno. My dad is coming up in... I think 2 weekends? I think we should all come to my house and play SOUL CALIBUR 2!!!!!!!!!!!!! Because it's fun!! :) Oh yeah, and I'm really proud of this so go check out my awesome webpage skillz, yo! urlLink Lenne.nu/destinie :) :) :)

 TODAY is a decidedly disgruntling day. i am NOT having a good day. Today STINKS. !!!! !!! !! ! !

 BOO-YA! not even my computer screen being broken is enough to stop me from...no, still not going to post that much...

 prolly right D, prolly right.

 ::looks around:: ... ::goes back to sleep::

 urlLink Look Who just made the biggest mistake Ever!! Disney is going down!!!! Say byee-byee.... why the hell would you let walk your makers of the top grosseing cartoons ever! Why.... evenrything disney has doen in the past years that wasn't Pixer as been crap... besides Lilo and Stitch.... and when competeing with Pixer now.... they are gonna die... and they don't even have any cartoons planned... guess the disney cartoon is at its death within the next 10 years....

 if we are doing something on the 8th i will need a ride eventually. snarky.. bring a spiral notebook for killheffer... he decided we are going to do government journals.... oh yay. moo... ummmm.... fork sed - she was so exploding you! - hi. - - - - i have no idea who that was intended for.

 *blink blink* I is confussed. Dest, you got your book? and D, what???? and NO! I refuse to have my hair looking like a Go-dude!

 and tais gone again..... everyonce inm a while she just stops in to say I'm here... then leaves.... any way.... here guys heres a card with my name on it... t cost me 200$ ::hands cards out:: Screw that... i'll write my name on some nice post-its and stick them to peoples for-heads at graduation. Gee... think we write our names under name.... where does our hight go... should i add 3 inchs... I'm so confussed!!! ugh. that was dumb.... I can't believe he said how to adress our shit like hes gonna come to our house and make us..... that guy was like.." YOU BETTER BUY MY SHIT, ARGHHHHH!!" he really didn't wana answer the how much si just a cap and gowen question did he?

 It's all good. I got it! :D Hi Mouse! I logged on the computer this morning and you were still logged in. XD

 im here!

 Ok, so i must share this... Shark-Bait Gave me his old gameBoy Advance cuz I was tired of my old thing sucking when I was bord and played it.... and when I asked what game I should get for it.... he said to get the one Kim plays... so I did, so we went out and got a pokemon something game, its blue... whale thing on front.... any way whats funny is I was playing it... and I named my first lil thing Fucker... so it kept yelling "Go Fucker!!" and I laughed. My next one was a brown racoon thing called Ma'Nigga "Go, Ma'Nigga!" and I was once again amused... but what was really funny was I named my third one Dick.... and then later it said and I quote... in this order... "Your Dick is evolveing, Your Dick has learned harden, Trainer Gives you Great balls" but what was really funny

 O, and Kim, what do you mean you went to bed cuz sledding was canceled... You were the first to say you didn't want to go!!!! We didn't go... cuz you didn want to go!!!! And me and Tk aren't going just us to.. Especially since we have colds ... Ugh....

 Kims arms look like a fire cracker!!! LOL.... Des. looks like a cowboy.... and why is she eating someones heart?? I notice this is the first time she gave random noticeable breasts.... and Tais are... not in the picture, guess if you can't fit them in at all, leave em'out lol.... I look like the guy from.... that cartoon... umm.. umm... damn forget it.... Oh, whats up with the sweet post it? All in all I love the picture and and.... I don't care what weekend we have the party, but one weekend we party, and another we gotta eventually see Gnome get her one act on.... Ya know... in this picture the symbol looks like a disgruntled G..... and I think we should keep kims hari up like that in every picture for now on... hahahahahahahaha

 Okay, First: the 8th is looking good. Second, my arms aren't exploding. I'm falling so they're waving really fast. Of course that means I would fall onto TK & his scythe, the latter going into Dest's head, the sudden decapitation will startle Randum who with bite D outta fright, who will hit the ladder, and tai, trying not t fall, will grab the rest of the banner which will land on us all. Then Bobicus will walk in, look around, grab a economics book, and leave.

 k.. thank you d... now to see if i can finish it. and as far as the snarkyone's plans.... valentine weekend.. bad for bobicus - holiday, gift shop - lots of work. the 7 and 8 th however, are fine, although sometime this weekend i am going to go car shopping. but that is moveable. and i am still the invisible bobicus.... el shadowy, not wanting to be seen one. ... i have managed to somehow avoid yet another sed drawn rb group pic. yay me. makes sense though... not a big character. and why did kim's arms explode sed? i am so bored. i am in a gloomy office building in kennet square stuck with a nasty after taste of some sort of chicken burger... yum. what a breakfast. i wish i still had my econ. book. oo oo! do you think this thing 'll count for the 2nd or 3rd mp.. cause if it does you can all forget your 5 bucks.

 Sledding was a no go. Why? I dunno, D called and said it was a bust so i went back to bed ^^;

 MEWMEW!!!! Gnome back, had a show today so couldn't respond until now. I have a show next Sat(7th) so that's out, but the 8th is open, I'm almost positive (unless the jerks at Payless make me work). Anyway. So.......... how was sledding today? I'm getting ready to go downstairs, eat, call the boy, then call ya'll to seei f you still adknowledge my living and see if ya'll are doing anything tonight and see if ya'll wanna come get me and hang. So there. Joy upon joy. Oh, and I'm finding Wallace and Grommit cheats!! Yay!!! Work schedule: Monday off, Thursday off. That's all that really matters, right?

 BTW, for those who actually read my posts and care, Pirates has been updated so you can read it urlLink here . Also, BG made an anniversary pic, and I played with it so you can have a look at that urlLink here .

 I swear I don't have it! I couldn't find you 'cause you ran to your bus. So I gave it to TK or I gave it to KT to give to you. ...or it might be in my locker... I know it's not here. And see what I'm talking about, only bob and Shark-Bait EVER comment on my posts. Bunch of @^%#$ Anyway, yay! Dest had a good come back! It's a miracle! As is that picture. However, if it's a good miracle or bad, I don't know.

 Snarky! I NEED THAT BOOK! I NEED IT ASAP!!! I KNOW YOU HAVE IT!!! Ooh! It's funny. Daniel's friend brought over a beach volley ball game and Wayne was freaking out about the girls in skimpy suits. So anyway... I said to Janine: "It's okay if Tom wants to play games with girls in skimpy suits, because nothing beats a good game of Soul Calibur: Guys in Spandex beating each other up." Go me!

 Yay! Reality Bound is now 4 yrs old! Congrates to everyone who has survived this long! As per usual, we would celebrate with a party at lunch, however, I will not be there on monday and Monday is T's birthday. So, instead of a gave-to-eat-quick-before-lunch-is-over deal, how about we make it into a party at one's house? Besides, this way Gnome and Shark-Bait can partake in the feastivities. Yes? First we need a house, second we need everyone's permission to go. So basically, it's an all or nothing. I'll print up offical invites to you all can give to your parents/yourselves. Also need a date. Is everyone good this coming weekend (7-8) or should we have it next next weekend (14-15)? I need feedback people. Don't ignore this post like you do my others, k? BTW, thanks for the paper D. However I still don't understand the project. This proves what?

 i was lost......and now i found..... blogger!

 oops... Ah, btw, the caption contest is a tie between Meta and Me. So those who didn't vote, go vote!

 SNARKY! I found the comic! I realized that I was going to the WRONG mango_elves!! Did you know that we have mangoelves AND mango_elves on geocities??? We do! XD I kept checking on the one without the underscore. I'm just going to create the pages and direct link to mango_elves, okay? Because we can always use mangoelves as more RB backup!! X3 WORD UP!!

 i was someone who started with a B ... i think anyhoo... i got a car. finally. and you people have to stop by the library display case and be amazed by our masterful work.

 I was Meg. Hey, Snarky. The comic isn't in "mangoelves" are you sure it wasn't uploaded somewheres else accidently??

 The Poll is up! Go vote for your favorite caption urlLink here! Caption Contest ends April 1st.

 urlLink urlLink Which Family Guy character are you? I guess... >_>; Not really productive...

 'Tis a Gnome again. If anyone has NOTHING better to do this Saturday then go to Middletown to see a Gnome and an Elam in a show (we get married twice!!) Then come see the one act festival at the Everett Theatre in Middletown. It's a competition, if we win we go to regional competition (like I did last year.........) Here's directions: Get on I95 South. Take the Rt 7S/S1 (Christiana Mall Road) Exit. Go to the left (do NOT get on Christiana Mall Road!). Stay on Route 1. Follow Route 1 for about 16 miles. There is a tollbooth. Take Exit 136 (RT 299 to Odessa/Middletown). Bear right toward Middletown. Rt 299 becomes MAIN STREET. About 2 miles after the exit, you'll see the EVERETT THEATRE on your right. The address is 45 West Main Street. There's also some other way to do it without hitting the toll........... going on South 13 and making a right towards 299 West or something..... if you really wanna find out, come early and get lost. Not expecting to see any of you, but it'd be cool if ya'll came. Pretty sure it's free?? Dunno. See you kids later!!!

 my sister gave me a pair of GIANT BLUE FUZZY DICE for when i get my car...she got them from a carnival. tacky gifts are great. anyway.... i'm not going to get online anymore this weekend, 'cause i have a whole lot of work to finish/ start(whatever) .. so if any of you see me online and i don't have one of those stupid .. "sorry, can't talk. doing work" ...away messages. then IM me and tell me to get off the stinkin' computer. cause i don't have time to waste this weekend... or 'til wednesday for that matter. but anyway. .. See ya monday... and i'd better be exhausted from over-working. and everyone loves pictures of chickens... and blue fuzzy dice

 Why is it that every time I don't post for over a week, I return to find a picrure of a chicken? Okay, well this is the first time... but it will happen again! Just you wait and see!!

 Renewed your library/senior paper books. They're due back on April 25th. Therefore, we shall have a "Field Trip to UD Library to Take Back our Senior Research Books" day, or FTUDLTBSR, or F***ked-up Debilitating Swann Research Day. Love ya!!

 urlLink urlLink Which Family Guy character are you?

 Oh, and Caption from Gnome: Do you think stripes are in this season?

 urlLink urlLink Which Family Guy character are you? Hehehehe......... I wanted to be Stewie!!! (however you spell it.) Anyway, thanks to everyone that came and hung out last night, and brought a Gnome home. Yayness!!!! Going to hang out with a person I haven't seen in forever today. Then going to work. Anyone wants to come to College Square Payless and bother me, go right ahead. I'm working 6 hrs tonight and I have absolutely NOTHING to do in that store. So c'mon, field trip!!!! Hehehehe. Love ya'll!

 mellow. mellowmellowmellowmellowmellow. i want to be anywhere but here right now. I need to be one place forever. I want. I love. Synonymous. metaphoricalphilosophicalexistential-deep shit=done.

 I'll get you I swear!!!!

 I can drive soon! :D

 k, change in the mall thing. I can get there at 6 or 6:30, so I'll hang until 7, no matter what time I get there. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE someone come get me and take the poor little Gnome home ~*~gives the sad puppy face, complete with quivering lower lip, holding a sheaf of money~*~ PWEESE????

 Hey, this is for David or anyone with a car. Gnome will be stranded at the mall tonight at 6. If anyone wants to come hang out (and then give me a ride home), please do so. I'll chill at the coffee place from 6-6:30, and if no one shows up, I'm catching the bus to Rodney Square (you don't want your gnome doing that, do you?) Anyway....... I'll call TK and Andy's cell phones around 2 (latest I can call) and then again around five. SO......... yeah. David, Kim, TK, Andy, Robin.......... anyone who can drive........ I'll give you gas money for taking me home.......... I just don't wanna go to Rodney Square at like 7:30 at night. It's dark and I'm tiny............ And I'm rambling. Love ya'll PLEASE someone come hang out with me!!!!!!!

 He has no back to his pants. And I didn't draw that!!! Wow. Tokyo Mew mew. I read it. That's sad. T_T It's rated Y+....

 um... wow.... hug. slighty obsessed with that hug recently aren't ye? and i believe that is his pants.

 Ok, Did Des. give the guy a back to his pants, or is he just really pasty.....

 urlLink CLICK NOWW DO IT! Imustleaveinlibrarynotimetotype

 I dunno. Dest started it!

 Umm... what is up with the chicken... ?

 ok, about the 10th, I haven't ordered tix yet cuz i ran in to a money issue but we are prolly still going, I'll be ordering tix like just a few days befor the 10th, so everyone just see if you can go, and we'lll see what hapens

 isn't that a rooster?

 ??????

 CHICKENSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 no spaces between . end it with again, no spaces between . Caption: "Before you ask, no, I'm not gay! I just like the feel of satin and lace..."

 Caption: "Does it look Like I need a wonder bra?"

 how do you make fonts pretty colors,yes, i've forgotten again?

 My house has awning on all the windows so it's never very warm inside, and yes we do need heat.. anything under 72 degrees is very cold indoors... And car shopping didn't go so well... Someone bought my car at quarter to 10 in the morning... I hadn't gotten there yet. *frowns slightly* poor attempt at entering the caption contest .... "NO. I don't want a toaster.... NOW COMPLIMENT MY PAJAMAS!.... ain't they purty?" ... ugh...

 *giggles insanity* urlLink Da Caption Contest Yes, that is a bank robber. Yes, he is robbing a lingerie store. Yes, I am obsessed with Monty Python pictures at the moment. Yes, you should start quoting now.

 It was nice out today, no needing for a heater. Good Luck on the car! ^^ Someone in Charter as a car that we have named the Bat-Mobile. We must steal it! anywho, I'm off to find a caption pic.

 I am soooo incredibly bored. don't know what I should do right now... clean up my room I guess, yeuck. anyhoo, the heat isn't working at my house. not to bad though.. yet. We've gotta turn off the space heater eventually. I might be getting a car tomorrow. I called this one lady and it turned out to be someone who my mom works with - so i've got a pretty good chance of getting it. that's about all i've got to say. I'll go be boring elsewhere now. - *poof*

 Postatem obscuri lateris nescitis. "You do not know the power of the Dark Side." There are two possibilities: you are a Star Wars geek, or you are unreasoningly scary. urlLink Which Weird Latin Phrase Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla How about both? ^^ and, I dunno what we're doing for Spring Break...

 Postatem obscuri lateris nescitis. "You do not know the power of the Dark Side." There are two possibilities: you are a Star Wars geek, or you are unreasoningly scary. urlLink Which Weird Latin Phrase Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla How about both? ^^ and, I dunno what we're doing for Spring Break...

 and okiedoke. i'll go.

 Furnulum pani nolo. "I don't want a toaster." Generally, things (like this quiz) tend to tick you off. You have contemplated doing grievous bodily harm to door-to-door salesmen. urlLink Which Weird Latin Phrase Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla oh my goodness.... this amused me and destinie greatly.... TAKE IT!!!!

 Me and Robyn were bored and took quizzes: Estne volumen in toga, an solum tibi libet me videre? "Is that a scroll in your toga, or are you just glad to see me?" You're smooth, okay, but you also need a girlfriend. Bad. urlLink Which Weird Latin Phrase Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Wow! I've never been to a concert before! XD I'll think this over. I FINISHED MY ECONOMICS PAPER!!!! WOOT! SNARKY!! FEEEEEEEL BETTTTERRR!

 Ok everyone, this first plan for spring break is under way... on April 10 the Band Omnisoul, their really good, me and Tk saw them befor, are opening for Suger Ray, so if you'd like to come see either or both, tell me, I'm ordering tickets tommarow night, tix cost 18$$ concert is at kahunaville! It'll be fun, I swear! We Have not seen a concert in a long time.

 blah blah blah.... and a moo.... ::does a lil dance and doesn't know why:: I am so bored. So..... yea........

 ugh. The winner of the caption contest is no one. *hits everyone upside the head with her frying pan* Next Caption Contest will start Friday.

 BG: Sorry about that. I know I told you I'd send you the link to the excel openning. But I haven't been on this comp. in weks (laptop >

 Gnome's caption is up. Because of the late entry, I'll end the voting tomorrow night so everyone has all day tomorrow to vote. Or you can just do it now (*hinthint*)

 Gnome Caption if it's not too late: Aww..... poor Bob (the skeleton in the back). He used to be the fattest one....... And we all drink milk made from his fat!!!

 ~*~blink blink~*~ ~*~creeps behind and Andy and a David~*~ ~*~beats them over their heads with the books she bought at Border's while they "procured" neopets~*~ ~*~walks away, whistling and satisfied~*~ I miss so much when I'm not at Cab anymore!!!!! ~*~throws a loud temper tantrum that can only be solved by.......... ~*~

 *Snarky's first reaction when she came on blogger and saw Elf-Boy and Me-Hobbit: right-click, "save as"* ^^ Shark-Bait: Hahaha! I like that. Meta: aww, i wanna see it! and you two are good at stealing Neopet stuff ^^;;; BG: no-more-sugar-for-you! But, the elf duo is cute (in a pathetic this is destinie sort of way ^^;;;;) Caption Contest: >

 oi

 This is KT: "OMG!" (talking about Merry) "He looks so cute there!!!" Urm, what we do while @ skool early... No artwork, just neopets and random shizzy. Oh, and more boredom: HAHAHAHAH!

 YOU STOLE MY POOOOOOOOF! ... *laughs .. um .. hyperly* *sighs* .............well, not really, only kinda. anyhoo.... i think i need to go to sleep now........... night

 Me and Andy went out tonight, and we got the baby Scorchio plushie at Borders.... actually we stole it... cuz its small and not worth the expensiveness they wanted for it.... butits cute ::hugs and kisses his Shark-Bait:: hehehe I dunno... wanted to post... but have nada.... any way ::poof::

 Snarky, that was great. lmao. XD

 http://www.explodingdog.com/january2/ivegotstarsinmyeyes.html ^_^

 i want turkey... we're out of turkey slices, and i want a turkey sandwich. soooooo bored. and kinda hungry too. yup, still bored ... and still kinda hungry, too. *to bored to poof*

 so, did anything interesting happen today?

 hahaha! everyone must go here: urlLink clicky click

 I is not reposting. It's all down there if people will scroll down. Link and all!

 Todays gonna be long, but yay, Fannys not here, Is swan here... Ooooo I hope swans not here...... yeeeeee

 Ok.... who wants to hear the newest STUPID thing in my house....its the first time I've been home for dinner in like weeks, so when I got home, my moms like, oh, theres dinner for you in the kitchen. And so i ate the 3 slices of turky that were in there.... Allen coems home, and throws a shit fit, cuz I ate the last of the dinner, and nothings left for him.... and I'm like Wtf.... 3 slices of turky... and your bitching, when I have to go out every night and scroung around for food and shit. And The one day I eat at home, allens makeing a huge deal I ate 3 slices of turky. And theres other things they can make.... I turned to my mom I said This is your answer to why I never come home. . Cuz just last night she was complaining I'm never home any more, and I spend time with other peoples familys and eat out every night or eat at Andys. I also said, i'm sorry i forgot, i'm the younger one meaning I must suport myself, and your 22 so you should live off mommy. {edit} Robyn, on the caption contest. YOU CAN'T VOTE FOR YOUR SELF IF YOU DIDN'T MAKE A CAPTION! Now, people, make a caption, Kim repost the picture. Maybe they missed it. And like I said we should make trophy cabinets or something to show when and how many times people win, so theres more incentive. Just steal a trophy inage from neo. and put our own words on it hahaha. or something.

 He was tormenting me with the pepsi... and yay to sleepness! and grr to grandpas. As for note taking, we're all kinda guessing too ^^; Dest. seems to know what's going on and D has turned in stuff stuff so... look at them not at me > PS: CAPTION CONTEST PEOPLE! Ends on March 17!

 um..i'd be a little moody about the psycho but i mean, REALLY, ... he acts like someone is trying to kill him or something. ..want pepsi much?.... ... sleepin' in tomorrow... yay! .. well, actually prolly not. i want a car by the end of the week so i gotta do some hunting... and Oh MY GOODNESS! i was checking out a car today. so i called this old dude in pike creek and he said "Suurrrrre... you can come look." well, i called him at 5, and pike creek is a little ways away, and there was a 20 minute traffic jam.. but anyway. ... i finally got there at around 6 and grandpa goes... "o, well i just sold it." umm... gir. but anyhoo. oh and peoples, i don't know quite what i'm doing with this stupid swann notetaking so if anyone wants to help.. then please do. that is all.

 *giggles* be polite to the deathy people. My Dad wants to know. :p And I didn't stop 'cause of Sirius. That's what I ment. Yeah, Harry was moody but you would be moody too if some ego-maniac human/snake thing was trying to kill you... *shriekes and hits TK* Give *bang* Me *bang* Pepsi! P.S. Quote-age link-age! -> http://www.geocities.com/demonangelwolf/caption.html

 i thought harry was a bit to moody in the 5th book.. and stupid... and you can't stop reading them cause sirius is gone.. he wasn't there when ya started the books. .. and i like that insult.. but it depends on what time period your in.. cause most of em' used to be on opium. and no.. i have no intention on elaborating on baltimore.. the topic is done with. and would you stop commenting on that stupid ferry already. people died, be polite. also, i don't know what anime we have.. there was some dragon knights and some other stuff, but i don't know what. and DOUBLE POSTING!!!! ... um... BLESS ON!!!!

 ...really...how interesting...

 BTW, anyone going to give the details on Baltimore? Did you get to see the ferry-o-death?

 Quote-age: What happens when Snarky is in charge of a cruise ship... The Love Boat! ugh, everyone forgot about quotes! Well, I have two quotes so I'm going to go make a poll and put the link to the website ups.

 Yay! Anime! Which ones? And on the side note: I haven't been to ff.net in a long while. I went there mostly for HP fics but then HP5 came out and... that book made me leave the series. No, no because of Sirius, Bob. It just...didn't go. All famous writers are usually on crack when they write they're stuff. She obviously wasn't. (How's that for an insult? ^^;)

 okay.. first DESTINIE!!! a cartoon about anal enlargement... *cough* .... *cough* ... and oh, we have anime in the school library now.

 Another side note here: I went to fanfiction.net after about 2 years because I'm here in the library after skool being bored. Anyway, I stumbled into the anime section and was like: OMG! Because remember how digimon had the most entries in fanfics, it was like 8000+? They're being beat by yu-gi-oh. Anyway, I found that amusing. XD Okay, I'm done now.

 This is stupid. This is stupid. Stupid argument. It's over. It's no one's fault. Can we PLEASE get over this? David, it's not your fault. Kim, I know ya feel sad. But this is over. We all don't need to be dragged into this. STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPID STOOOOOOOPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now that's over. Ke ke ke. :D

 uh..... .."it's beginning to look like christmassss...." and i liked how andy put it... SAVE THE WHALES! whoooooooooooo! hi sed.

 T_T Sometimes people screw up. Is this really fair to beat up on your friends like this? I mean, you CAN state what you want and how you feel, don't get me wrong. But do either of you really mean all that stuff you said? *prolonged silence* David and Kim: Yeah. Urm. :/ Hi TK!

 Suddenly this has turned into a rant column. o HUG!! Let us cease this very urm... unpeaceful... argument! -_-;;; In the words of TK: "Egad!"

 ::BOING:: RAWR. Save the whales, stop the bitching!

 ...wow...

 Huh? I didn't get a call about Baltymore. T__T Anyway, I guess that was alright since I went to go see the Passion today. I cried and clapped at the end. Me and one other person clapped, and for some odd reason my mom made me stop. o

 Bobicus, can you e-mail me your #? I can put it directly into my phone directory. Thankies! -^ ^- BTW, the Baltimore Tripy Idea... Lets do it tomorrow. Kim was just outside a-swinging and ... I'm soaked. - -; Can the caption contest- I'll post a link when I get two quotes and make a quiz. Oh! Since Shark-Bait is new, I shall explain the Caption Contest Rules! *ahem* Everyone in Reality Bound is allowed to join in on this game. What you do is look at the piccy that is up and post a quote that is funny that goes with the piccy. I take the posted quotes and put them on a page on my site and put a poll up. Everyone then has 3 days (yes I changed it) to vote on their favorite caption. I then look at the poll results and put up whose the winner. David has suggested we have trophies. I think that's a good idea so I'm in the process for making that page. Also, I made a trophy.. put others can probably do better then I did. If you wanna see it go to: http://www.geocities.com/demonangelwolf/trophy.bmp

 .... on a new note... there were a lot of horses in "Hidalgo" that viggo mortenson movie ..... and there was a goat herder too. no.. i do not know why i felt the need to post that.

 thanks for the post. david and andy stopped by and let me know. and i shall have to change that not being able to contact me thing. i've given my number to some of you people at one point in time or another.. and sed... you should have been able to find out easily enough. but whatever. i will not however be putting my phone number on blogger... too accesible for my liking. see y'all monday

 robyn, i really hope you read this soon as we don't know how else to contact you. no one seems to have your phone number... the beach trip ha been canceled, apparently my parents waited until last night to decide they weren't okay with our plans and just siad no to the whole thing. almost got them to change their minds and say yes earlier today, but wasn't able to do so. sorry.

 "(subject to change)Caption:"Were whalers on the moon, we carry our harppons... do do dod dod do do do, as we sing our whaleing tune"

 no link for caption contest?

 yeah i noticed the error. i just couldn't figure out how to fix it so i stopped caring. o well. you guys are the computer people. i just play games. and lol. great picture.

 I really wanted to use this picture so, Gentlemen! Start Your Quoting!

 NM, I found it. It was Bob. You didn't copy the full html code!

 Look! bobicus is manish! ^^ BTW, who didn't close a center html?

 urlLink You are Mitsurugi - Both mysterious and attractive, you captivate people with the fact that you seem to be good at everything! Spending quiet moments with a friend and talking about what life means to you is your ideal situation. You don't like to stand out very much and you seem to be more old-fashioned than modern, but when you do take the spotlight -- you command the floor! urlLink Which Soul Calibur character are you? this quiz was made by urlLink david park

 urlLink You are Nightmare - Nightmare is by far the most badass character in the game. Similarly, you are badass. You are aggressive and you are a straight-dealer, people who dilly-dally and waste your time piss you off. Sometimes your temper runs a little short and the people around you suffer as a result, however, it's all just a matter of how you deal with stress. You don't want to be messed with and people know it...that kinda respect does not come as easily to other weaklings. Oh...and if you're ever around a casting call for a villain in a Hollywood movie, AUDITION! urlLink Which Soul Calibur character are you? this quiz was made by urlLink david park boo-ya!

 urlLink You are Kilik - You like to look good at what you do, and more often than not you do! You're the kind of person that loves to be in control, but be careful not to flaunt this power that seems to come so naturally to you. You get indifferent at times and tend to deviate from the normal path and carve your own way through life. Being stubborn, sensual, and independent is what makes you this staff-wielding favorite. urlLink Which Soul Calibur character are you? I am a floaty skinny oriental dude, who's name is spelled the same backwards and forwards. yay. i don't know if i'd agree with that .. but whatever. *poof*

 *giggles* We'll kidnap Shark-Bait at noon. Oh! *laughs* I am never going to wear my cross bracelet again. You all saw that I was wearing it, ne? Well, I went to the swings, and I was still wearing it. I guess the big man up there decided to punish me for wearing a cross, but I was in mid-swing and the swing broke. Good thing was I was on my way back down, better then being all the way at the top! But anyway, I fell onto the mulch stuff on my shoulder, my neck and head, I'm in great pain. But I just sat there laughing cause it went with the music! I was imagining I was being chased by a 'raptor down on of the hallways at school, I tried to duck into a room but the 'raptor got to the door first and I was thrown across the floor. Next thing I know I'm on the ground. *giggles* It was such great timing! ^^ I'm going to go be in pain but first... urlLink You are Astaroth - Your combination of being both silly and scary is what makes you appealing. It just cracks people up when they see you goof around at one time, and stare people down at another time. Your unpredictability may confuse some, annoy some, and amuse others, but whatever happens, you're too caught up with your own thing to conform to other people's standards. Besides that, the id seems to be the dominant force in your mind (the part of the mind which demands immediate gratification) urlLink Which Soul Calibur character are you? this quiz was made by urlLink david park I uh...like the axe-y thing.. ^^;

 so what if shark-bait has school!! Me Robyn and Kim don't get out till noon any way, and if u do math to say I'd at least have to go home and get shit, then come back and get kim, theres an hour 30 there.... then get robyn, and prolly stop at a gas station and get snacks, theres another 30, so then it'll be 2.... and wow, andy gets out at 2:20.... so close to out time of getting Des. is scarey... so wheres the hard part here..... it works.... so Tks whole post is a big so what and blah.....

 urlLink You are Xianghua - You're used to people telling you that you're cute because you simply are! Your love for beauty and all things social makes you a positive force amongst any group of people. Although you may seem delicate and fanciful on the outside, you're a lot stronger than people think you are. Purity, inner strength, and a sense of aesthetics is what makes you Xianghua. urlLink Which Soul Calibur character are you? this quiz was made by urlLink david park First I was voldo then I had to go back, realizing I had hit the wrong thing... -_-;;;

 my blog works again. ^___^

 kim...shark-bait has school that day, unless david's lying to us...again...i'll get you for this! you rotten little...little...what was i doin'.............oh boy lunc time! mmmm applesauce

 *poof*

 KK, so, You, me, TK, shark-bait, dest, and bobicus? err... how about 5 not including TK? BTW, I have a new AIM screen name: thesnarkywriter I'm on now so, IM me!

 Mooo..... I feel like shit.... I don't wana be here..... KIIMMM Mr.Bob (no relation to bobicus) is ok with us going to the beach, no more then 5 though includeing tk.... Tk wants us to stay thru sunday... I told Des. if her mom says no to two nights, I'll take her home on sat and then drive back.... or something... we'll see how I feel by then....

 Bobicus: She living in amish town. *long story!* Glitter? Glitter!

 For anyone who played and loved the first one, (Me Gnome, Kim, prolly Des.) By late this year there will be out, Kingdon Hearts ll! I saw it in a mag. in the library today and saw the website today, say new worlds and some old one so hope they kept Halloween Town :). The new Sora (dressed in all black rather then micky dressed one) looks cool. This should be cool, but still won't beat the Nightmare Befor x-mas ll Game, comeing out in fall :) Also, I should have our prom pictures up on my website by like wensday if ya wana see them.

 Kim, they have started to revamp the Lupes on neo..... and you may not like it.... they were fine the way they were

 ...what blood? I see stupid and plaua-strooken, but no blood. I would know. BTW, Dest. I have an idea as to where to go with "Pirates". How do you feel about drawing Dinos?

 ty tk. cursing fun, $%&%^*^&(*^&&$^#$%@#$@$#$^^%*&((*)*(!!!!!!!!!! Ain't that great?

 hi bye *poof*

 I'll take care of the books Gnome, you'll be paid back in full. I'd type more but I'm not in the best frame of mind at the moment and wish to avoid an angered rant which would most likely contain an array of profanities the like of which I refuse to allow t osoil the blog. Stupid, bloody, plaua-strooken blog...

 David, the one I told you about, Merlin's Disciples or something CANNOT be renewed, it got recalled b/c someone else needs it. The rest I can try to renew, but if there's any late fees incurred, you guys need to pay them. ~*~Gnome goes tro Library website and clicks "renew all" ~*~ ~*~ list of "non-renewed items" included all books~*~ ~*~Gnome growls in frustration~*~ Ok, books can't be renewed. So...... bring them back when you can, I'll let you guys know how much money gets charged on them, and we can figure things out. BTW, if ya don't believe me...... www.lib.udel.edu . Click DELCAT. Click "Sign In". Put in Gnome's SSN and password (email me for it if ya want it). Click "Books I Have Checked Out". Click "Books etc" next to the number 36. Try the "Renew All" link. A Window will pop up and say "non-renewed items". All the books overdue will be listed. Which is ALL the books. Sorry gang.

 I'm glad our prom pics came out good. Unfortunally, my camera turned out to be pretty useless... *cries* half of them are blurry and the other half are icky! *cries some more* And your all probably not wondering why I'm still up but just so you all know, I was playing Okage: Shadow King. It's fun ^^ Except when you die and you forgot to save so you have to go backa few pages > Anyway! I'm going to try and get some good photos up on my website after I delete the red eyes and stuff and we'll go from there. Snarky Out.

 Sorry Gnome, renew if you can, give us list of titles that can't we'll get them back. and Sorry about payless... Man, yesterday, now 2 days ago, sat. I was kinda walking dead. Drove all the way home after after prom and dropping Kim off. Was damn tired when I got home, woke up and went to work after dropping shark-bait off. Everyone was like, WTF are you doing here, you should be passed out somewhere? I was like... i need the money. Then, I saw our prom Pics. some are really cute :) HAPPY B_DAY DES!!!!! Whoo-OOOO ya know what this means..... we need to get you a reality bound tatoo.... hehehe j/k you don't have to.

 happy bday

 *singing* Happy Happy Birthday, from all of us to you! We wish you Happy Birthday, so we can party too Hey! Uh, the books....can they be renewed? For say, another... week or so? > I just heard one of the greatest quotes: "All my life I have been looking for God...and here I am." Yay for crazy, lunatices who take over primative civilizations!

 happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me... happy.... *yawns* hrm. Still sick and tired... La la la la. Hi people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Hey ya'll. So, it REALLY woulda been cool if I had got that money back. Know why? Cuz Gnome ain't got a job no more! Yay, I got canned from Payless!! Anyway. Working on my Art History paper right now. TOTALLY not gonna get this thing done, I have no idea what to write, ALL YOUR LIBRARY BOOKS ARE DUE TODAY!!! Yeah. Anyway, I just sent an email to David and TK, dunno other emails.... Yeah. Just get the books back. I am only allowed to go to the movies if I have three pages written by the time you guys wanna leave. So, Someone call me about this movie thing, and basic times. ~*~sigh~*~ it sucks to be jobless and covered in homework. See ya'll.

 i woke up this morning and it looked like i had a white-girl afro. it was scary. white girl afro all gone now, though. yay. wow. i need sleep. i came }}}this{{{ close to falling asleep 2 and a half minutes ago. but i'm trying not too. haven't quite figured out why. i think it's the daylight's fault. o well. anyhoo. o guess i'm going to do something else now. probably sleep. what movie? and when. anyway.. this is the last any-something or other. i swear. kinda. wow.

 movie.

 Sorry, Gnome. We tried, but Mr.Ford said; "Too bad for her." :( We tried! I do have a glass and photo album for you ^^; Everyone looked wonderful last night. You all were probably the walking dead this morning, I know I was! My hair was *poof!* lol! Anyway, if anyone wants to do someting this weekend, say movie?, lets all meet somewhere, ne? Dest, we could try and go to the regal near you if your Mom doesn't want to drive you anywheres... Anyway, I'm tired so I'm going back to bed ^^ Snarky Out.

 It'd be great if we could find someone to buy my ticket. Even an annoying person we don't like...... cuz that money would be great. Someone call TK and tell him his sister needs to buy my ticket. D, when did you check with Miss P about my money, and why didn't ya call me about it? mewmew..... it woulda helped to know that I couldn't get the money on Monday, cuz then I coulda like given you a note or done something, or talked to my mom about getting the $$ I need for my textbook. ~*~sigh~*~ oh well. I guess I'll call TK tonight..... bithcy moment: it seems when I say anything on here, it goes un-noticed.... no one emailed me or called me or anything about my ticket situation... and if ya'll didn't call me, that means ya'll didn't do it until today or something........ which makes me wonder why ya didn't do it on Monday. BUt anyway, just a random bitchy moment, and go ahead and get angry at me for being self-centered, but oh well. Bitchy moment over. D, I can't renew your book, it's been recalled by the library for another user. So, I'm gonna need you to get it back as fast as you can, and we'll talk something over about late charges or something. I dunno. ~*~sigh~*~ Gotta go catch a bus, so I'll talk to ya'll later. Have fun at prom, and after-prom, and whoever's house. Love ya'll!

 urlLink create your own visited states map or urlLink check out these Google Hacks. This may not show up on the actual Blog for some reason...

 PROM IN ONE MORE DAY!!!! ::sniff sniff:: Our almot last full group outing at Cab.... last will be the Six Flags thing... if we and everyone goes ::glares at people like des.s mom and kellly Co.::

 O, BTW just so everyone who matters for this knows... We are not going to the beach after prom..... I repeat this anouncement we are not going to the beach after prom.... It was just to diorganized and we ddn't get good info on it... so me and Kim said screw it... cuz I didn't want to call off work, and she didn know if she would be feeling well...

 so.. damn tired.... gnome... you no moneys back.. sorry.. :( Also, go online and renew my book cuz theres not gonna be a chance for me to get up there today its just been too damn busy this week since mrs.swann rejected all our papers... biasicly ripped them to shreds and said do it again!!! So I just toook any easy test in fanny, wish all tests were that easy... tired ::takes a quick nap:: Prom tommarow.... after prom.. I say we just go bak to someones house... mine or Tks, and watch movies is a fine enough plan..... be cool if we could sleep over at tks, cuz I know I'ma be to tired to drive all the way the fuck home.... plus then maybe we can get some nice, umm... After pro drinks.... ::cough cough:: ::winks at kim:: He never reads this any way... ::sings the pina colada song:: if you like pina coladas.... something someting..... margeritaville...... wait thats te wrong song.... oooo, margaritas..... do di do di do..... ::saves the danceing for tommarow:: I need to get your pimp hat gnome!!! if gnome can't go, the hat will!!!!!!! We put it in a seat and everything lol!! test in math next period.... ack.... ::tried his best to pass out:: . ... .... ..... no go..... So any strange men call ya Gnome... theres prolly a leauge of [extraodinary] Gnome fans out there who are like...... "Omg! Her Number" and planning to call you as they stare at their Gnome Posters and cardboard cut outs and drool.... think our shows tacky enough to make Blow-up doll merch.?

 My Dad, D, and I came up with a plan! *dun dun dun* >>; Anyway, on Friday. We all meet at school at, say...6:30. Everyone brings their own cars and parks them in the parking lot. From there we take the motorhome to the Prom. Then we take the motorhome to After Prom. Thus, all our cars are there, everyone can leave when they want, etc. etc. What we're doing from then on, I don't know. Someone come up with something!

 lol.that's great. hope you enjoy your day off.

 Hey all..... Gnome here. Did ya'll talk to Mizz P about my ticket? TK, does your sister wanna buy it off of me? I need some info, someone email me, HELP ME!!!! Anyway. I think I'll be home around 6 tonight, I gots me some work to do at the library. David, one of your books is due back TOMORROW everyone else's senior research books are due SUNDAY . There we go. Anyway, I'll talk to ya'll later, I BETTER hear from a group member before Friday.... and there better be pictures aplenty taken for Gnome. Bleh. In case anyone doesn't know my #, 633-3988. I'm not afraid of internet stalkers :-P

 I'm not in skool today because I woke up this morning to find a note attatched to the door: "Des- You can stay home today because of your good report card. Wayne." Wow. I got a 4.4 but I don't think that has anything to do with it. ^^ My mom went on a field trip so he probably couldn't take me to and from the bus stop. Now, to go and play neverwinter nights. ^____^ *drool*

 Bennet wasn't doing anything, so i'm in the library right now. i'm prolly gonna go play zuma in a few minutes... who knows, bored outta my mind. There is this horrible gigantic-mutant-cricket-like sound echoing through the halls and the library... ugh... it's just awful. it's really Really loud. it made my ears vibrate. Supposedly, it's a new alarm they are setting up for the outside door by the library - apparently they haven't worked out all of the bugs yet... it's been going for the past 6 minutes. yay. it stopped. finally. hope i don't have to hear That to often. I'm kinda tired. i wasn't tired earlier but now that i'm bored it's kicking in. i was up till 4am last night working on that stupid swann project. "heckboy" i think after school i'm gonna go to Payless and get some cheap sandals. i need some new ones. they're having some kinda sale, right? oh, and if we are taking the motorhome, let me just say have fun getting to my house.. i believe you've all seen the roads in my neighborghood. not very motorhome accesible i don't think. gonna go play zuma now.

 maybe I'll sleep in my car..... somehwere... settleing is a ziplock bag better then a box? I'm out of good answers

 Maybe double sided sticky tape on the m-home. ::shrugs:: Any way... I'm tired, but not tired, yet tired still, and can't sleep so I'm sitting here.... been sitting here since well... I don't know when.... seems right. For some reason at this hour in this morning everythings odd to me. ::shrugs again:: I feel very... misplaced.... not lost just misplaced. Its hard to explain. I'm just very bothered by many things right now, and would love to kill something, like jess.... ah how nice would it be to kill her, or see her killed, or at least seriously hurt, like the girl with her arm hanging out her car window while she slept in the passenger seat... yea... that'd be nice. I'm tired.... I'm tired of many things... I'm tired of trying hard.... I'm tired of failing.... If I slept... I fear I wouldn't allow myself to wake up..... my secret motto... keep going.... its failing me... If I left... I'd never look back..... but since I yet can't get too far... I come back here to hate myself... for being stuck... is there no where else for me... yea...Misplaced.... lets just get some double sided sticky tape.....

 Well, he would pick us up too, hopefully... Little problem with a few people and very tight and narrow streets that aren't made for a motorhome... but I think we'll be okay. Dad says anything we put on the motorhome will probably fly off by the time we get there...and no super glue, it must come off... (spoiled sport) :p We'll try our best with your ticket Gnome.

 urlLink create your own visited states map or urlLink check out these Google Hacks.

 ~*~sighs~*~ My mom was actually kinda pissed at me for wanting to go to prom. She gave me a lecture on spending my money on going to a dance at a school I've been out of for two years, and I'm supposed to be saving my money, and all that. So, here's hoping Ms. P will be cool and refund my cash (make up something, say I have a funeral or some crap, cuz I actually need that money, just found out that I need to buy another textbook RAT BASTARD TEACHERS!!!!!!). Oh, Payless is having Buy One Get One Half Off today up until the 3rd, so get your shoes with a buddy at Payless! Shameless plug. I love you guys...... and I hate financial aid, and college, and textbooks, and rat bastard teachers, and essay papers, and registering for classes. Bleh. we should have our own prom every year. Rent a fire hall, dress up, make someone cater it, and just dance for the hell of it. And only invite people WE like. And charge everyone ticket prices, therefore it pays for itself!! MWAHAHAHAHA!!! Just a Gnome idea. I need to go register for classes now, and make a page in a scrapbook....... anyone wanna get a Gnome tomorrow after 5 and go to A.C. Moore? It'll be fun, we can start our own scrapbooking!! ~*~sigh~*~ See ya'll later.

 *ignores being ignored* anyway, motorhome sounds just fine to me ... really amusing actually... but we must have a picture of a limo on the side. .. and yes, apparently, i'm going to prom. got off work for it yesterday. gotta go to payless and get my shoes.. yay! cheapness. .. but if your dad drives us.. how would we get home .. and also .. concerning afterprom... i honestly don't care. you can have fun and plan that all you want kim.. however, if it involves the rest of the weekend.. i must point out that as of right now i gotta be at work by 10 on Saturday. ummm, see you all monday...... 'cept gnome. ---- and this vacation is sooooooooooo not long enough. i could really do with another week and a half of no school... i mean ... COME ON .. i still know what day it is!!! where's my loss of time concepts people .. WHERE's MY LOSS OF TIME?!? and i just heard .. this is just hear-say mind you ... that it's supposed to rain on friday. oooh. shock. need . . . . more . . . . . vacation..... must . . . . go . . . to . . . . bahamas .... or . . . spa . . .

 *ignores Bobicus* Yesh, well. D, TK, and I were talking and TK thinks it's too late to get a limo for prom. Thus, I propose that my Dad take us in the motorhome! To which D came back with, we can decorate it and put a limo pic on the side! TK just looked at us strangely. Either way, what do you guys think of that? It'll have all the comforts of a limo, only with a bed, bathroom, and refrigerator. *grins* And what are we going to do about after prom? I don't wanna go, it sucked last year. Personally I think it's a Junior thing. However, Dest, Random, and KT already have "plans". So, what we going to do. I need to know your input ASAP. BTW, Gnome, even if it's the first time in how long since you've gotten with your boyfriend, I think (I think, My Opinion, Not telling you what to do, just MY opinion) you should go to prom, hang with friends, see the youngers all grown up, free food, dance, free food, make fun of old teachers, did I mention free food? BTW, I don't think tickets are refundable...

 LOL!!! I just saw Button-the-Colonial-hippie on TV!!!! for all of you who do not understand this .... which is several of you, I believe .... - Repeat after me - - - - " it's ... (I don't here an echo yet) .. it's (ah, yes. There it is) ... It's O - K." ---- good. Very good. So ANYWAY ... I was watching jimmy kimmel live and they were interviewing people at a post office in Chicago at 11:30pm .. because it is tax day. But anyway - they were going around interviewing people ... The mail people, a couple of slackers, and THEN - they came to this Old dude dressed up like Paul revere!!! And he was Such a hippie! He was standing there and jimmy asked him the obvious question --- "umm, why?" --- and the dude started ranting about how people shouldn't have the pay taxes .. and ya da ya .. Old dude just kept going on. and then jimmy asked him --- "so, have you paid YOUR taxes yet?" --- and old dude was just like -- Sir, that is a personal question -- and started avoiding the camera.... *tries to keep a straight face* ... Personal question --- sure. I believe that poor old button is one of the stupid few who either tells everyone about their tax evasion through nationwide TV shows ... OR is just a massive hypocrite .. either way --- definitely Button. anyway .. like i said .. WOW -- Sun.

 Okies, Gnome has encountered a problem. Finally, James has mentioned me and a date in the same setence to his folks. And they're (hopefully) going to accept it, his dad actually expressed interest. But, it's the same night as prom. You see the conundrum. We've been "planning" to ask his dad about this for like 2 months..... Sometime before I knew when prom was, or reasonably close. We didn't realize it was the same night until JUST now. So...... I love you guys. But I don't want to lose the oppurtunity to dress up and go out with my boyfriend, to a dance with dinner, and have his parents approve. So. I still love you all, hanging out all the week before is great since I'm off that week, I'll gladly shop and take part in the prom activities. Maybe I can even come to after-prom if i can get a lift and ya'll can meet me there? ~*~sigh~*~ I love ya'll so much..... but it's something I love....... and.... mew......... Gnomie confused...... Can someone ask Ms. P if a prom ticket can be refunded due to an unchangeable commitment, or a funeral, or make something up? Gotta go, see ya'll later!

 wow. sun.

 YAY! wait, semi-good? Whats the semi-bad?

 Kim ummm, semi-good news, theres a list of the plushies comeing out in a month or so from neopets, on it is a white lupe, and baby lupe :) You should like that.....

 Snarky, You shall Read Kendermore, because you will read it and go, "Omg that is so us." ^.^ Lesse, David can be the assassin guy on the horse, I'll be the hyperactive Tasslehoff... Lol. And that is a sad neopet. T_T Why are there no Pirate lupes yet?? Speaking of Pirates, I will go see that person's da page!! *do do do*

 Found it Dest! http://dark-persian.deviantart.com/gallery/

 I have a Dragonlance book. Dunno which one, Dunno if I ever read it, Dunno where it is honestly ^^; That is a depressing Neopet. ...I want the lupe version! The angry one kinda looks like TK yesturday, only with big ears...and a tail....and fur...and...

 Its the new NeoPets Colour, Grey.... thats it angry... I want a pet that colour!!!! btw heres happy wow, depressing

 prom is the 23erd btw

 gnome, prom in on a weekend as usual why would u have school the next day?

 Dest, we need to xerox your soul ^^

 I've r ead the Dragonlance books..... which one did you read/are you reading? Yay Gnome going to prom!!! Makes people happy. I gave David money for my ticket this morning (Thursday morning). Who all is at the table? And Sometime next week it's "Pick Gnome up from School and take her shopping" day. Preferably sometime I can take my bf cuz he'll be seeing this dress too (potentially). Anywho. Beach house would be great, Limo would ROCK, after prom would be cool for like an hour, to take pictures of us all doing dumb things, and scoring free candy. Lemme know soon so I can take off work the day after prom or something....... and I still have classes that day...... hmm...... so maybe beach is out for Gnomie. Oh well, we'll talk about it. Anywho, I love ya'll!!!! So..... bored...... ~*~ cricket ~*~ Don't wanna take quizzes....... wanna go &^*&#^$(*#^$#% with my bf...... but he's busy...... Should be in class........ But i don't feel like listening to an automaton today. Oh, Andy, how did your project go? Everyone else, how's the Senior Papers coming???? Anyone done yet? Kendra maybe??? Anyway...... far too bored, gonna go play neopets. See ya'll!!!

 SPRING BREAK in 1 day

 Actually, the moral came from me and my sister talking about this: *kicks* Oooh. Vampire... oO;

 I am feeling better. ^_^ Thanks yo. I finished reading a book yesterday... X3 Has anyone else read any Dragonlance?? It's a real popular fantasy series....

 I will do quizzes later. No time. But Dest isn't here so she took our advice to stay hom. Good Girl! ^^ Feel better soon Dest!

 we were bord in fannys so we did quizes so heres some results You are going to Marry Colin Farell. He is crazy and often drunk, but he is capable of being sweet. He is very mysterious and cute. Congrats! urlLink Which male celebrity are you going to marry? (now 12 (i just added more, and still more to come!)results that have pics!) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Fight Club! urlLink What movie Do you Belong in?(many different outcomes!) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Gay Bear urlLink Which Dysfunctional Care Bear Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla your asshole. urlLink What swear word are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 spring beak in 1 more day......

 "make Robyn Pretty For prom" ... are u trying to get smacked today? but i do agree with you on that whole morals crap ... if your morals go against your job.. then get another @#$!&% job

 SPRING BREAK in 2 days ..... DUN dun DUNNNNNNN

 Gnome does want to go.... I know that.... and I don't think any of us actully plan to go to after prom, or at least not for any kinda of period of time, maybe just to grab some free cotton candy and leave hahaha. ~edit~ although if she don't get money to us for it ometime soon... I guess she won't.....

 Technically two days left... but, as for After Prom. I dunno. Wasn't that much fun last year, it's mostly for the juniors, ne? Whats everyone's plans? BTW, Gnome, do you wanna come to Prom?

 Aww Snarky that sux..... feel better and, omg I just heard some news on tv, some people, of course christian (no offense des.), in texas, well some guy who work in a pharmacy refused to fill a moning after presciption to a rape victim and he lost his job, so he complains worse then Kt, (a very christen thing to do, its in the bible) now they want to write a legistation where you can not lose your job for following your morals (or some shit of that facticmily) cuz that guy was christen and didn't believe in the morning after pill as a good practice. I have some words for him, just for the one in a million chance he reads this. DO YOUR FUCKING JOB!!!!!!!!!!!! Does this mean If we work at McD.s and refuse to feed a fatass in texas, I can't be fired, well hell give me a raise and slap my ass ya lil fat child cuz that happy meal is mine!!!! Stupid Texans...... Any who... so Yay 2 days till spring break!!!!! What will we do thsi year? Senior year, really can't be the year we just do nothing, can it?? heres a list of what we can do: beach, day trip Beach, convince tk to convince his parents for like 2-3 days ummm....... any other ideas.. Other SB Goals: Mirror Tks Car, make Robyn Pretty For prom, Prom Shop.... Also WHAT ARE WE DOING FOR PROM...... Tk said his parents may get Limo... taht would rock.... but after are we going to after prom.... tk said his parents offered the beach house. Is that still in effect, he doesn't act like it? Whats going on!

 Thank you Bobicus, for the daily random quotes. ...I like sprite...

 awe... bummer... and why were you licking stuff sed? especially the freezer..... i've never actually seen anyone lick a freezer. AND NOW FOR ANOTHER COUNTDOWN!!!! ... SPRING BREAK in 4 days and counting .... any plans yet? i don't like SPRITE .... it's icky... very... mountain-dew-ish. bleuck.

 Are we talking from experience, Dest? BTW, strep throat sucks :p

 The moral for today: Never lick any alien objects or freezers.

 lol. cute quote. and winning by default.. that's a new one for me. anyway. DON"T forget to set your clocks forward an hour. otherwise things can get very confusing. see you all monday.

 Ya know what? Since no one can decide on who to vote for *coughcough* I'm just going to give the trophy to Bob. Congrates Bobicus! You win by default! Next caption contest to start Tomorrow. Anyone have any pics or shall I look for one?

 *laughs insanely* I got a new short joke from "Merlin" on the SciFi channel. "Your so short, your the last to know it's raining." *continues to laugh insanely*

 Aww, I like Chaucer. He cool. BTW, Gnome, thanks for renewing our books ^^

 ~*~sigh~*~ I love Chaucer, but I hate writing about him.......... anyone else notice how much that sucks???

 says who?

 Kim returned books, both hers and Dest's, on Thursday night. hoo ha. What happen to seeing a movie?

 Destinie does not have the books. She gave them to Kim. I wonder if she still has them.......................... dotdotdot

 ~*~two muscle-bound collared men come forward with a red carpet, rolling it as they go~*~ ~*~they run back behind the curtain, then return carrying Gnome, who is grinning and holding both their leashes~*~ ~*~sigh~*~ It's good to be the pimp..... Anyway. This is for those of you who still have library books from UD's library. I believe that includes David, Kim, TK, Andy, and Destinie..... They need to be returned by the 28th (THIS FRIDAY) or Gnome will (most likely) be in big trouble. So, I dunno if this will be one mass excursion, or everyone trickling their books back one by one. But I don't care, everyone just needs to get them back. Love you guys, see ya at graduation!!

 Were White again!!!!!

 ...NO MORE SWANN!

 Theres an entire futurama episode about Penguins!!!! Penguins on pluto, and they dumped oil on them and bender had to clean them to he dressed up as one. But But Leela and people start hunting penguins. It was horrible Leela:"Remember, leave no orphans, kill whole familys!" :(

 hey sed... smack! ----- yugioh and gloating, dear lord. my mom's going to that annoying race. yay. i MIGHT(not real sure) be going down to jordans graduation on the 5th. not sure. finals are mean. and so is swann. but.... o well... 1 more day of swann EVA! thank you black jesus, no more swann. and if we do have a secret stalkerish fan base... that's kinda creepy. but if ya are out there... curiosity has gotten the best of me as well so say HI.

 Does anyone go to this blog besides us? If you do, comment! Really. We want to see our fan base ^^ *pokes camera lens*

 Graduation: RB needs a get together Grad. Party! I nominate TK's basement. As for right after Grad. I dunno what were doing. I wanna stay with my peeps Friday night. So we could go to the beach Sat. BUT (there's always a but...) I wanna go to the Dover race on Sunday. They're going to have a spiffy fly-over (not that they're ever not XD) with WWII planes. Sunday is the anniversary of D-Day. Woot! Anyway, so yeah. Snarky's dilemma. Yugioh: We all know your going to drag me to see it... Swann Paper: I see her tomorrow! Hoo-ha! Anything else?

 *sings loudly and annoyingly* I GOT MY PAPER DONE I'VE BEEN HAVING MY PAPER DONE I'VE GOT MY PAPER DONE!!! HA HA HA HA HA! Katy and I are talking about going to see the Yugioh movie on August 13 just for the heck of it. Does anyone want to go and be loud and obnoxious too??

 Last week of school Guys Last week!!!! Whooo!!!! Last week of High School EVA!!!!!!!!!

 Gnome bored ~*~bounce bounce bounce~*~ Gnome want out of house because she has been in it for two days writing a paper for her final exam that is due today at 5 pm ~*~takes a breath~*~ do I sound like that little tiny cartoon mouse like the one in Space Jam? ~*~bounce bounce bounce~*~ And I'm almost done school which means no Pet for Gnome for ALL SUMMER but it's ok cuz he loves me and the birds are really annoying in my house one just dive bombed my head ~*~takes a breath~*~ Is anyone alive out there because I think I'm the only one here oh and Snarky I made my profile to SO THERE!!! Anyway...... gonna go call TK now.... maybe he knows what's going on. Adios.

 bummer,poor snarky. anyhoo.... back to original plan. Hear ye, hear ye! for all seniors who art partaking in thy reading of Blog... I, official spokeperson of ---- whatever the heck i want to be ---- Officially proclaims that TODAY, 21 May 2004, is our LAST FRIDAY EVA! as highschoolers.

 Put yourself in this. You get up at your usual time, 6:30. You then realize "there's another dance thingy this morning." Meaning, you really won't be missed or be missing anything. Your plan: stay home and go in at lunch, so you can see Swann and all you really have to do is put up with spanish. Your Mum agrees, not very willing but you tell her your tired *in a whiny voice* and she gives in. As long as you go to school! So, congrates! You can go back to bed. You set your alarm for 10:30 and go back to bed. The outcome: You wake up at 1:30 in the afternoon and curse so loud you wake up your ferret. Bloody heck yo! Found Mum asleep too > *goes off to throw whats left of her alarm clock around*

 Profiles... SCORE!! X3 I can't wait for the end of the year. So happy. >_>; Everyone should go to babygomamon.deviantart.com and see my comic page that I worked so hard on... BWAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAA! I was bored... yeah. *twitch*

 okay... countdown time. 9 days left total 3 days of real school left 4 days of finals left.(not for me) we've all got our polyester cap and gowns. COUNTDOWN TO JUNE FORTH ..... in 16 days and counting. and i have a meeting scheduled with swann for friday... so that will be done by then... NO sleep for ME!!!

 *hits stonner kid with her frying pan* Afro man! *cough* anyway, sorry about your lousy day D. At least you got a free, complimentary boy-toy, ne? ^^ Dest and I are the only ones with profiles! Hoo-Ha!

 Awwww, thanx Kim... I feel loved... but I missed you today :) I wanted my Snarky... So heres my b-day day round up... Went to Andys to eat dinner and get Gnome afterwards, but we fell asleep got gnome late and I rushed home like speeeding to get home so my mom could see me befor she left and we could do the whole cake thing... but when I got home 7:30 (I got off work at 6 mind you) she was asleep.. she, like usual, made no special dinner, did nothing special... and has no plans for the night... So I didn care I was 1/2 an hour late.... then she wakes up as me and Gnome get ready for the Evening and call people who don't all answer their phones. lol and My mom bitchs about how I didn come home and blah blah blah... and 'm like so the fuck what you were alseep, you made ham for dinner (I hate ham, ham also shows she never had a plan for a b-day dinner since it takes all day to cook) and there was no cake... so who the fuck cares If I wans't home, at least Andys family said happy b-day to me.... So me and gnome left to get Tai around 9... There was an acident on 95...... from 9-10 Gnome and I sat, in one spot, parked, literally parked, car turned off and all, on 95. We decided to play flux and wait it out..... 2 games of flux later, when the line starts moving we packed it away, and drove, well we see my mom pass me in her car on her way to work (she works at 9) and I am like ooo I wana wave.... but we pass her and say "Oh well" Were going 20 mph now, 5 feet behind the guy in front of us since we were just squinced and the untighening had just begun really, and he slams on his breaks.. for no reason.. So of course..I slam on mine... but I was too late, Gnome screams "David!!" and we hear a ::bang:: We pull over, kid gets outa car... hes an afroed stonner, whos like "Aww, man this is my moms car, shiiiiiiiittttt". One word, moron. I get out, no damage to the cars at all, so I'm like ok whatever lets just go, he wants to call his parents So say fine and sit on the median in the middle of 95.... My mom passes gives me and gnome the "OMG WTF WHO THE WHHAAAAA GRrrrr i'm gonna eat you" Look.... and drives away..... we laugh about it, kid comes back outa car 10 mins later, parents didn answer, So i say well lets just exchange #'s and get along with it... we say ok.... I gave him a fake # and Name and took his... then I pulled off, he was out on his cell so he never in a mile of a year coulda looked at my Plate #, thats a fact, dumb asss Stoners. We go to Tais, get the mouse, and for the highlight of the evening... WE WENT TO A GAY BAR!!!! It was great, the gayest place we ever saw, played a few games of Pool.... Gnome won 4 or 5 plushies from the cran game machine there haha, AND the lady was willing to sereve us Alchohal, she did'n care.. haha. But Gnome didn let us drink. We had a blast. Then took Tai home, Gnome and I got some McD's and went to a chuch parking lot by her house.(11 pm) I pissed on said church, a lot, wrote my name, its mine now. I own a chuch. Between me and Mr.Bob thats 2.... Happy b-day to me, and Thank you all for all the b-day wishes and Presents I love you dearly... P.S. I got home, found an empty ice cream cake box.... they left me the small piece with the H on it... I bet it said go to hell...... A step up from last year, I'll never have a clue to what thet said.... P.P.S.(for Des) I am now an Adult, I can do Adult things, and Go to Adult places, drink adult drinks, and fuck Adult men. P.P.P.S. Poof Sayas Hi

 *...tapes it to the wall* Happy Birthday Meta!

 um... jellybeans!! xD *goes to play neopets...*

 ::pops one of those party poppers things and the streamers just roll out instead of flying in the air, and dangle to the floor:: ::sticks on out of order sticker on it::

 O man, that was the longest weekend ever! But I got to go to the beach last night at 2 am hahaha. Man, that Prom ended late, and it was in wildwoood... a mile from the beach, and everything went wrong there and on the way down there, was soooo damn funny, the whole day, worked from 8am till 3 am, but was worth it. EWWWWWWWWWWWW.... on a side note I just happened to look over was I wrote w-o-r-th i-t..... and theres a clear trash bag on the desk.... and a used bloody Tampon in it.. EWW eww ewww EWWW ewww eww EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW now back to my regular post... So after the prom Me and Marie and Tanya went out to the beach and went in teh water, was so nice after the hot day, and BTW it is soooo less hot at teh beach with teh breeze and the moister in the air... its nice. We need to go... And wildwood is like a mile of sand we were like WTF!! Also rode a ferris wheel at 3 am was fun. Hehe. Then drove all the way home to De and the studio put everything back, called andy and he fell asleep so I had to go sleep at home. :( any way, was a long long long weekend ugh... but made more in 2 days then I so in 2 weeks hehe. Any way, so what was I supoused to do today beside finish my swan paper????

 Yesh, Bobicus, that's what I said... O_O Yes, so. Something unimportant... WHY DO THEY MAKE POPCORN JELLY BEANS! First of all, popcorn jellybeans suck. They are the most horrible, artificially flavored thing ever. If I wanted popcorn, I would go and pop a bag and not get myself sick eating a stupid jellybean. I mean, I understand bubble gum jellybeans because they taste good and you can DIGEST them, unlike gum. And I mean, what's the point of gum? I love gum, but you just chew it!! It's really weird. Gum is a weird concept. Yes it is.

 you people should be online right now! i am hyper and i want to talk. a lot. i have had a very nice day. :) money is nice. more money is better. and lol. yes sed. i did text message you. :).i expect annoying pointless texts back everyonce in a while. :). yay. i am happy. ... and i had a really good cheese danish, and i washed my car, and i ended up getting a little sun, and money is good. this week i have ended up with 60 extra bucks that i didn't think i had. this makes me happy. and i am drinking tea. it is very good tea. i would say that i am drinking it to help my sniffles feel better... but i am not. it is very good tea. it is caffeine free tea. o, and sed... that "THING" was sooooo unbearably cute that i feel if i ever saw it again i would have to puke. a lot. GET ONLINE PEOPLE!!!!!!! i need to be hyper... and TALK!!!! i'm so hyper i would even consider calling somebody right now, i feel like yacking so bad. but it's late.... not that late.. 11:50.. but late enough. i need to do jumping jacks or something. maybe play zuma. or go for a jog. or play air hockey... can't do that - my parents would kill me if i woke them up playing some loud game... a great game... but a loud one. i need a punching bag or something. that would help me release some energy... and it would be slighty quieter than air hockey. slightly. i repeat... all you people need to get online now.. maybe i'll go for a drive..... omg... soooooooo energetic... i think i'm getting over my allergies.... that would explain the energy boost. but who knows. if only i had this type of energy when i NEEDED it...... if you've read this far... then WOW.... i applaud you. and then i smack you... because you were not online when i was... and 12 oclock on a saturday night... ewe.. yeuck. i am home at 12 on a saturday night with nothing to do and i am WIDE awake... but i am still happy anyway, and still extremely hyper. *POOF* *POOF* *POOOOOOOOOOOOOF!!!!!*

 Dest...you do draw like that.

 Bobicus! You sent me a Text Message! XD I put your number in mah phone. Weee!! I saw Troy today... oO; Anyway. I am kinda sick of porn talk. Yeah. If you don't stop, I will start drawing very scary ultra cute things... like this: Does anyone really want that? >.> Just kidding. Anyway. Movie was good. Had to shut my eyes at some parts... O______

 *in full blown out whine mood* Its too hooottt! Someone shoot the sun, please?

 ...Randum got me some slashy porn for my B-Day either last year or the year before ^^ I got everyone sick! Hoo-Ha! (Is unexplainable-y pleased with herself) *goes off to figure out away to highlight the spellcheck icon for D*

 Well, actually not really. I'm at work. Just kinda tired, ysterday after I left school I went to the store picked somethings up then came to work. Was here till 5, then we left to go shoot a prom where we were until 12, then back here to unload, long long night, then back here agai at 9 am and leaveing for anotehr prom at 3 till like one or so, ugh.. any one atually go to theadnce thing yessterday? How bad was it PORN DES> PORN!! Its Porn, admit it!!

 And how long have these conversations of porn been going on? I mean..... *cough* even adult destinie is taking part in this conversation... AS A MATTER OF FACT... I think sed may have started the whole thing. I am confused by this. and I have a cold. Or a runny nose, or sinuses. Whatever the heck it is. I have decided that I am going to be one of the most disagreeable old people EVA! Because quite frankly, if I am this bloody disgruntled over a running nose.. Then just imagine the extent of prolong old peopleness - along with all those stupid old people problems. I think when I get old I am going to live alone in an old messed up house. That way I won't have anyone to yell and if I get bored or really cranky I can just call up a repair to fix something broken and yell at then for wearing plumber pants or what not. And when everything is fixed I'll just go find some other way to yell at people. Maybe I'll be a crossing guard. Or just get a crossing guard vest and stop people during 5 o clock traffic on a busy road. And then make a phone call while I have them stopped there... I could get one of those big construction worker signs, then I could go on the highway. And if the police found out they wouldn't doing anything because I'd be old people, and police are nice to older people. And if they do take me down to the station I could make a big scene. That would be fun. Better than knitting anyway.

 O____O Maybe you will get some p0rn for your birthday...

 ...he must be very small or not excited. ...Dest draws soft porn! XD WEE! Da Temporary urlLink Gallery Is Up!

 Ultra Soft will always Still be soft, and your drawings, will always still be porn...... now show us the goods sista!!!!

 So my stuff is like ULTRA soft porn so = NOT porn. :3 See, logic. *giggles insanely at David's post*

 See Des. THAT is the type of soft core porn I would like to see you draw, your porn is too, too.... TOO softcore... oooooooo hes sexy ::drags him in a closet with me. ::comes back out with a smile:: So... on another note, they chnaged the posting area again it looks like. WHY WHY WHY its even worse now!!!

 I do not draw p0rn! urlLink This is p0rn!!! Omg! o_O;; 'Tis a doujinshi scan... hrm...

 X.X;

 I just have to say wow, their getting a lil ahead of themselves and big. Neopets now has an aol type service getting ready to go. Theres the new neopets toolbar, the neopets portal, and the neopets premium web mail. Crazy. Preveiw it here: http://www.neopets.com/portal/ Its kinda intresting......

 I changed the so and so did this, every so offten, but I only do it like once every 3 weeks, I haven't done it in a while since I said the Tooks Strangers From Candy one. I like the changeing its fun and makes the thing ever changeing funny. I know bob does it too, I think Des does, maybe. But I didn notice the 3 changes in 3 days.

 okay. i am bored. and tired. i am going to go to bed now. someone poke me tomorrow and remind me to finish that good-for-nothing pain of a swann paper. i still dislike this new blogger look, but... eh.. what ya gonna do. oh yeah... i'm gonna start a countdown for graduation... two, i guess. one for school days, one for all the days left. but i'm too tired to count the days right now so i'll start that tomorrow. FINALS STINK.

 Ok snarky. Now just stop working for a while and come to skool. You really need to turn in your swann paper and graduate. *giggles insanely* Now it's my turn!!!!!!!!!! Bwahahahah! *everyone is confused, no?*

 BTW, for those who haven't been to the site lately. Dest and I are re-doing a bunch of things so go to the main page and see the cheese-y-ness. Also, because I don't feel like going near my mailbox, I'll probably be updating stuff here. And no, I haven't gotten to the gallery yet, sorry D. We will get there! ...sometime... XD BG, I went and re-did/moved 'Battledome' over to mangoelves. I'm going to work on 'Pirates' next, just to give you a heads up.

 ah. lol.. figures.

 t'was bored. *grins*

 okay. who keeps getting bored and changing the "so and so did this @ whenever". it has changed 3 times in the past 2 days i think.

 Gnome, you should try and work at a hotel or something this summer, that'd be coool, I hear its easy fun and pays well, pluse free food sometimes.

 Yeah, it really sucks. I liked the old Blogger, where you could scroll through everyone's posts if you were replying to something, or ranting at someone else you could be like "and you said RIGHT HERE". I miss it. ~*~makes big sad face~*~ Anyway. Feeling a bit better, good to hear ya'll are back together David and Andy. IT WAS A DAMN HOUR!!! Anyway. Doing some homework, checking on neopets, writing a paper, listening to Bondage-themed radio (hehe, truly.), and wondering what I'll do for work this summer. Anyone got an idea? Ug, gotta go dentist tomorrow. Sucks. Talk to ya'll later.

 this is such an eye sore. it .... "stinks". bad. that's all i am going to say. yeuck.

 EEEEEEK! *eats blogger*

 Never mind. I see the thingy. 1,199. Cool.

 no I didn't. How do you know? Were you that bored and counted?

 This new blogged makes me very sad, I even e-mailed the people a rant, telling them they make me sad.... It said this... lol Title: This Sucks So bad!!! Mail: The new blogger, well it sucks, blogger was perfect, then google took it over, changed it, and that sucked so bad too, but at least I could still see all of all my posts on one page, even though I had to go through many more pages, now you change it again, and it sucks far worse, it just is crap. Blogger used to be easy, fast and efficent, you ruined it. No Thank you.... Oh btw, did anyone notice last month we reached our 1000th post?

 THE NEW BLOGGER SUCKS MONKEY TESTICLES AND THEN SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!

 wow. *blinks at blogger's new look* It's so bubble-y. Ya just wanna pop it!

 well... technically... i did not have any "nekkid" stripper servants in mind. Just wanted a couple of servant/slave/serf people. a whole herd of them would be nice. however, you may have nice nudist servants if you wish.

 Could say mulitiple things. Ain't gonna. But could.

 go to wynahiros.deviantart.com oO;

 It's not the 50th time! ...only 45. Geez, way to count D. :P I wanna see! Post link BG! And speaking of links, Geocities doesn't let pictures show up on any sites other then they're own. It isn't your site D, it's just geocities.

 Destinie got the Invader Zim DVD today. It is hott stuff. I love it. :D And Kim, one of my stalkees on Devart submitted a very... graphic... sam and frodo slash picture. Um, because I'm a subcriber I can see thumbnails before clicking on the link and Janine was sitting next to me. Me: OMG!! THAT IS WRONG!! ACK! *covers with hand, clicks to mark as "read"* Janine: What is it? Me: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 I'm haveing troble with pics on my site for some reason I'll reupload that pic else where if ya still can't see it. Aww, feel better kim, (for the 50th time) NEKKID STRIPPER SERVANTS.... they must be hot... and have "height" requirment..... hmm... wonder if they come in six packs.... so I'm at work, everyone but me and marie left for proms, so were bustin outa here... hahahah ttyl... byee

 *looks around sheepishly* I'm usually the one bugging people to go to blog, and here I leave and everyone (almost...) posts. X.X I confused. I hope your feeling better Gnome. Kim isn't. Kim has a cold/allergies. I love the outdoors but... I'm allergic to everything out there! I'm allergic to my ferret, my dogs, my not mine cat, my carnivorous iguana, my bird who somehow still alive, my... I dunno what else but I'm allergic to it! I'm allergic to my english paper. Yeah, that works. Anyway, servants? ...can they be nekkid stripper servants who have to strip while holding the tray of alcohol? ...wait, they're already nekkid... They'll have to figure how to be nekkid with clothes on! XD Picture: urlLink click here Caption: Connurf: *mumbling* zzz...umn...carnival..zzz..3 tickets to ride...zzz... *grins like a maniac* So yeah, I would go work on a gallery but... the pics are on that other computer which my bro is currently on. So I shall work on that later. Snarky Out. *sneezes hard and the chair falls over with a bang* ...oww...I'm alright... *cough* ...I'm going back to bed...oww... (

 lol. nerds. i need sleep. and some servants... any of you have some servants on lay away. i wanna borrow them. but they can't be the kind the whine and worry about labor laws .... big babies. and they've gotta know how to do my homework. yup.

 me neither.

 I can't see the picture......... bleh.

 I did something to the comic page.... o_O

 Tee-hee... my caption: "Snoooooooooooooooooooooooooore...." I think that says it. ^-^

 yea, well you know were gonna come back and visit at least once next year, besides we have to go see random.... I think at one point we promised we'd visit her at least once next year.

 Ya know I relized, when we graduate, well all besides Random, we will leave behind one major charecter (well, object) whose been with us since the start... the table ::sniff sniff:: We need to throw one last great table bash on the last day of school (for seniors). Or do it on the week after our last day, just come in for one last lunch goodbyee with ghetto cake and fake wine. Also, we must agree to at least once next year all come in one day and sit at (and if need be take back) our table! And maybe we could think of some way to leave our permanent mark on the table.... any ideas.... put a big old RB paper under it or something carve on it... I dunno..... but our mark must be left!!!

 Yea, i agree they suck now. but I'm getting used to it. Any way, I was looking today, cuz I was bord, and where the hell did our gallery go, with like the baseball picture and all those pictures Des had of us that used to be on the blog page, where did they go??? I want to see them!!!!!!! Grrr..... I looked everywhere, even kims page but her gallery was blank. Any way, so I think its time for a New Caption Contest!!! Here it goes..... ::drum roll:: Quote and vote away!!

 I agree..... they're cute little "gimme a frisbee" puppies..... I want wolfies. ~*~pouts~*~

 I must say, I am a little disappointed with the lupe redesign. I wish they made them look more wolf-like and less puppy-ish since lupe is wolf in french... =_= Now Cequadrea doesn't look so majestic.... ah, oh well...

 legendaryfrog.com ^-^ LINK and oooh stuff!! @_@

 Gnomie, feel better! And I hope your day got/gets better... (I think I'm a little late with this reply...) !!

 Why all the bad day frownyness. And why takeing the bus tommarow, did something happen to your car?

 bad day bad day bad day. frown. gnome get better. freakish peurto rican jesus candles. toy 'r us. .. and strippers. and still a bad day. so, 'bout that glowin' baby. bad day bad day bad day. Tomorrow i take the bus. bad day. curse. still bad day. tea helping. frown. phone. *messed up lil poof* bye.

 GNOME IS SICK!!!! YAY!!!!! Anyway. Gnomie has been feeling like (*^%*&$^(# since Wednesday. So, after a weekend of enforced bedrest (don't think the good kind with cuffs and silk, think mom screaming every time she hears my floorboards creak) and lots of dosing with Sudafed and Ibuprofen, I went to the Wellness Cnter today (yes, they call it that on campus, too). Gnome has swollen gland, might be strep. Joyous! Aren't we glad (in a way) that Gnome did not come to party?? I am! Would've hated to have given all of you strep after passing the herpes. (hehehe..... that just strikes me as funny....) Anywho. Happy birthday Des!!! Hope your party rocked. BTW, Puerto Ricans buy those Jesus candles too, and they ARE scary! They light them all over my dad's house! It's freakish almost. Yet serene. ~*~sigh~*~ Gnome go bed and dose herself later with Penicillin(sp?). Talk to ya'lls later, we ILL be hanging after I'm done this sick thing. When do classes end for ya'll?

 Yah! She wouldn't let me keep it in the kitchen. She was freaked out. It was one of those "Weird candles from the super market" that only the mexicans buy... lol. Strippers? Well. If that had livened us up a bit... o_O;; And why does Toy 'r' us close at 6!! LOSERS!!

 Ya know, well, the title gave it away, WE SHOULDA had strippers!!!! Shes 18, she shoulda had a stripper, or 2..... I couldn't help but add one to kims Post... teehee

 That makes me sooooo happy, your mom being scared of the mexican Jesus Candle. WHATS UP WITH THE BLOODY SHIRT!!!!! LOL!!!!!!!!!

 HAHAHA! My mom was afraid of the Mexican Jesus candle. :S Lol. And I forgot to tell you all my Cell phone number, so I guess if you want it you can just e-mail me or something. :3

 Yes, we are continuing the tradition of late birthdays. And continuing Snarky's newest tradition of forgetting about everything and sleeping all day. ...Not sure a bad tradition if you think about it... Anyway! This is just a reminder that we're having a party for Dest at TK's at 1:00 today.

 *laughs insanely* News Person : In a shocking turn of events, a meteor has changed course and is now heading for earth. Scientists expect it to impact in 24 hours, eliminating all life on Earth. More on that later. Now on to the weather. Weather Man : Thanks Bill. Today there will be sunny practically everywhere with a high of 75. Tomorrow, it's going to be dark and gloomy with winds of about fourteen thousand miles per hour. -From "My Hero"- God I love British comedies! 10:30pm - 12:00am Channel 11

 first of all scary picture.... both of them. also, hmmm, that's kinda interesting. anyhoo. i have off tomorrow as well.. i think.. gee -- i should prolly check that. anyway. i don't like phones.. so if you people wanna do anything, you call me. the cell has minutes now..NO MORE ANNOYING LADY!!!

 IT'S DONE!! It took me 2 hours to color!! XD Let me explain a few things: 1) This picture was taken directly from a thumbnail in the back of my Ranma 1/2 book. So it's a copy with us in place. (Kim, Destinie, Tai, and David) 2) We look like crap because it's a rip-off and sterotype of Rumiko Takahashi's art!! 3) I'm home tomarrow. Gimmie a call. :) 4) I gotta finish Vadnir...........................................

 On an interesting note. I'm reading the "Red Clay Record" newsletter, and in it, it has a bunch of Grad. stuff including Class Pres, Valedictorian, etc. Point of this being, three out of four from A.I. were Cab Students that transfered out. I just thought that was odd. BTW, offical # of Graduates from Cab being 82. Also, four teachers retired from Cab. Bennett, Hiller, LaPoint (Tralka), and Garrett (7th grade Science).

 Everyone seems to have off. Shall we quickly throw together the grad picnic or go bowling? either or is fine with me. I'll call around after I find D. His mom told me he already left. Left Where?! Andy: Phone off. Bobicus: Unavailable says recording lady. TK: I FOUND YOU PEOPLE!

 So, what's everyone doing on Wednesday or Thursday night? Wednesday I know I'm off, my bf's off...... But he wants to be a tard and be home at like 7...... which is stupid. But on Thursday I work until 8, and he can stay out later...... mister "not coordinating his schedule". So anyway, what I'm trying to say: Anyone wanna pick up a Gnome at work at 8 on Thursday, and go to the mall and wander around for like 2 hrs? My bf can catch the bus home from the mall, or get driven home if someone feels like doing that (pretty sure he'll pay gas money, I'll tell him it's expected). Sigh..... on another note, TK lives!!! Just talked to him online, he is alive! And on a different note, I'm hungry. So that's that...... time to go eat....

 it's really really hard. the whole entire bottom of it is black. my fault though. when the timer rang i went to go get a plate from the kitchen and ended up staring at the fridge for like 2 minutes. it's 3 am and i'm waiting for the durn(yes.. durn) dryer to finish so i can put the crap in the wash in it. IT'S NOT EVEN MY LAUNDRY! so now i'm just sitting here flipping b/w iron chef and music videos.i hav to be at work at 1 tomorrow and (Oh yay) gotta do more dishes before i go. so i guess i'm looking at like 6-7 hours sleep.(i know, a couple of you wanna smack me -- but i get to go be on my feet for 7 hours at work. and of course just nod my head when some lady comes in and says..... "well this was a gift for me but i don't like it, so i'm exchanging it, and now i'm going to tell you my life story, starting with when my mother was ten and she fell into a well..." shoot me now.) okay, i say that if you haven't voted for the caption contest by - eh, weds. at 5pm then we're done with it. and i'm gonna find so weird little picture in the next couple of days and post it on here for all of you to just shake your heads at. it may involve cows. i think the dryer is gonna be done in a sec, so i'm gonna go take care of that and then sleep for a log for the next 6 hours... IF i can get to sleep. AND I DISLIKE THESE EYEGLASSES SOOOO MUCH. THEY ARE GHETTO! I JUST LEANED OVER AND THEY FELL OFF MY FACE!!! AND I GOTTA WAIT TO GET NEW ONES!!! I SWEAR THOUGH, THE LAST DAY I HAVE THESE THINGS I'M GONNA WALK AROUND WITH A LARGE PEICE OF DUCT TAPE ON THEM(MAYBE SEVERAL) JUST TO SHOW THEIR TRUE INNER GHETTO!!!!... *walks off mumbling about car insurance*

 lol. yes last night was fun. i feel as though that root beer may have been missing some of the root.... god, we're dorks. and we got them to sign the cd's too. so we can hock them on ebay when they're famous ... "BURN THEM!!!! GIVE A COPY TO ALLLLLL OF YOUR FRIENDS!!! BUUUUUUUURNNN THEMMMMM!!!!".... "....And then there were these 4 dorks sitting 3 feet from the bar..." and wow this burst of people coming to blog amuses me. i shall bug T, see if i can get her here too. Yeah, me and david decided we were going to try and book them for our Annual Thanksgiving Feast. Remember our two slabs of turkey and some chicken fajita stuff.. what did we learn ? Soooooo anyway, oo!! oo!! i have off wednesday too. yeah. i don't why, but i felt like yelling that. see ya.

 Yes, it does. Kim came over and we WORKED on it!! X3 Anyway, my schedule for this week: Tues: 5-9 WED. AND THURS. OFF! So make plans before my family does! X3 Fri: 2-7 Sat: 1-6

 I dunno. Yeah, the show last night rocked, GIANT CRANE MACHINE!!!!! Must.... have money..... to play again...... Aww, I missed hyperness..... but i Was passed out almost as soon as D took me home, so it's all good. And didn't wake up until 11:30 today, so still rocking. Look Kim, I'm here! Anyway, gonna take a shower, get some clean clothes, and catch the bus to work...... unless David wants to drive me..... ~*~creeps off to ask~*~

 Hehehe...... hopefully I changed the little message......... it's a quote from the Simpsons, when all those crows start following Homer, and he becomes their alpha. Great episode. Can't remember what else happens. Anyway....... NARF!!!

 Who ever did not attend tonights lil concert thingy going... 2 words..... you suck... Tonight, in my and Robyns opinions rocked ass.. Most of the bands sucked, we mocked them, and watched star trek, but it was really amuseing after a while. We got free cds, saw Chamile fro our school sing and not suck as bad as one might expect. Then we saw a badn called Simply waiting. They rocked. they grew on us, they played twice, and they dedicated a song to us. Kim, Gnome, Robyn and I. We were very happy hehe. We then bought all their cds and a penguin T-shit they had. THEY LOVED US FOR IT.... we love them. Its works.... We renamed them all too. Pretty, Spiffy Shatner, Barefoot surfer Skitzo, Afro-forgetable, and BeerGut. lol hehe it was fun. Me and robyn are thinking we may ask to book them for a personal concert at a party sometime. Any one game? hehehe... Me and Robyn wana be their groupies and talk to them on their forums. It'll eb fun, they can be the official Reality Bound Band. We Renamed them Jump Monkey. After the concert for those who don't know Kim, Robyn and I went to Kims Trailer and had some root-BEER, and snax and talked and reminiced and bitched and ROBYN STOP DRAWING ON THE DESK, we damn near died from laughing. Robyns mortal combat Move.... left right left up down down down down z x bbbbbbbbb aaaaaaa up: She neals and says "Bless on.." as great special effects make a ball of light apear as she widens her arms..... nothing happens...... Kim and Robyn that rocked that was fun... what was in those drinks and snacks, but I needed tonight whoooooo thiss weekend has rocked.. and in the words of Kim to every guy on the road and to the guys of Simply wating "SHOW US UR WOODY!!!!!"

 Well, I finally have a day off and nothing to do. I never post any more, cuz I'm never near a comp. I work way to much, but I like the money. And when I'm at Andys I'm either sleeping or doing something with him, which is most of the time since I only go home to sleep anymore. Also, andy gets a nnnoyed if I sit on his comp to long cuz he gets bord. Ah well. Btw there is another way to plan events, and thats the phone. lol. Any way, I voted a long time ago on that caption. So there ya go... well, hmm. Tonight should be fun. last night was crazy haha. :) So I read about all ur dreams. I'm had some funky ass dreams lately, well when I have time to dream. (I have lil time any more) Can't remember any at the moment though. Hmmm...hmmm... no none comeing. Any way... I say if Tk goes anywhere befor we see him once we get back, we track him down and kidnap him!!!!!!! Grrrrrr...... Sooo..... I MISSED THE CHO MOVIE.... grrrrrrr........ now I have to buy it in Augest or from the website this month, and from the website its 20 more $$. Damn it I want it now ::goes to web site:: LALALALALALALALALALALALALALALALALALA Titties and butter cups.... see ya....

 My mom just brought home the People Magazine with Orlando Bloom on the cover for me. =_=; Sorry I don't type here much, d00dettes, I haven't been using the computer much. (Unless it was for training at work which I had to sit there for 4 hours straight for two days.) In any case, this is probably my ONLY weekend off........ EVAH!! >_ In any case, Last night I dreampt about Dinosaur Tribes. It was odd... ^^; I won't share. But I will share this: Go to my urlLink Scraps AND GO LOOK AT MY SUPER COOL WEREWOLF I DREW LIKE A WHILE AGO AFTER I SAW POA AND IT'S BETTER THAN THAT BUTT-UGLY LUPIN! X3 I sketched that picture BTW. I don't like it so I will try to do again in my free time... And hope I win the next RSoM so I can get $$$$.... XD

 I got home four hours ago. What the heck am I doing awake?!

 O just on a thought. My dreams are always like that too Bob. I was just trying to have it make sense for all of you. ^^; Ack! I changed the Snarky was blahing @ whenever thing to see if the blog would go back to normal...but it hasn't. Anyone who knows anything about Blogs and html know what's going on?

 yeah. i see the lack of people. SLACKERS. and technically, mine was just a dream. And i've never dreamed about anything large and beast-like(aka, a monster). SMACK!!!(to the slackers) Well, it looks like it's off to the BORE ME TO DEATH - LET'S LISTEN TO IRISH MUSIC - OLD PEOPLE PARTY ... *grimaces* sounds fun.

 Yay! Another person! I was beginning to wonder if this was the Bob and Snarky Blog. AKA: WHERE THE HECK IS EVERYONE?! Interesting Nightmares. Both of you. At least mine had an actual monster...thing with teeth. As for what we're doing. I don't know. No one else is here...

 Okay sed, wow, interesting nightmare. I know he's a dork ... but. NOW, are we doing anything or not? somebody call me tomorrow and let me know. cuz otherwise I may just get dragged to a rather awful party where all they do is play Irish music and bore me out of my skull. ANYONE?! since we've been talking about dreams I will now let you people be told a slightly shortened version of the freakish little dream thing I had a week or so ago. Okay, it started with a sort of Armageddon type thing. And for some reason the only thing that was being wiped out was cats and dogs. So at first I was all frantic about my animals and went running home. They were fine, my cat looked like a poorly made Salem(form Sabrina), but they were all fine. I then drive away from my house to go see if all you peoples pets were okay. They were. But when leaving my house, at the corner there was a giant Gas Station price sign.. yeah, whatever. Next thing I know I was at school - with a tray of lobsters(I have no idea). But then I saw David, and David - you decided you wanted the lobsters. So D took the big plastic tray of lobsters -- and ran into the boys bathroom(which was located where the elevator is) and then he came out, and I asked for a ride home, he said yes, but he ran away with the lobsters -- So I was like "screw it"(quote from dream) and I got in my car and drove off. But then I went down a one way the wrong way and realized -- oops -- so I tried to go back, but just kept going down the hill instead. I ended up near my house somehow, and parked on the side of road. I was then like, "oh -- well I should go back and let him know I don't need a ride". so instead of driving back to school the right way - I decided to climb up the hill through a bunch of bushes. When I was climbing up the hill I came across these rocks, and they were covered in mass quantities and little chiclet's gum of all sorts of colors. It was like a river. And I grabbed a handful of the gum(the orange flavor) and was like "wow, gum, I gotta bring you guys back here." -- and then I woke up. Now, Honestly. What the eff is THAT? I don't dream very often, but when I do they are MESSED UP. The one before that actually made me dizzy/nauseous -- it was weird.

 *walks in, looks around, scratches head, smiles* So um, yeah. I had a nightmare two nights ago... No, not this nightmare. I mean an actual nightmare. And I don't get those a lot. Well, it was about I started me first day at work (ARG) and then I get to me cash register and I'm standing there and all of the sudden Connor walks up. I proceed to inquire why he is there. He tells me he is no permanently opperating the register next to me. T_T Well, I guess it's not much of a Nightmare. But... yeah. :S

 I got a Niptor! *hugs the raptor-wanna-be till it turns blue* So cute! ^^ It cost 110,000 nps. ^^; And I just realized My two neopets already have petpets. ^^;;;;; ( I wanna paint him snowy -> cause It's much cuter then island -> Yes, I've been up since my last post. Yes, I've had a bunch of caffine. Yes, I've...no wait. I haven't. All well. 2 out of 3 ain't bad. Ain't isn't a word! Is to! Dictionary.com says: 1. Contraction of am not. 2. Used also as a contraction for are not, is not, has not, and have not. Usage Note : Ain't has a long history of controversy. It first appeared in 1778, evolving from an earlier an't, which arose almost a century earlier as a contraction of are not and am not. >> ... *insert overly dramatic POOF! here*

 No they're saying I as in 'Me'...or something. O, wait, All in favor say ___, opposed Nay. I confused. Guess what? Snarky had an odd dream! We were at the school prom, only we were all in street clothes and the "prom" was in the auditorium/lobby. Oh, and Swann was pregnant. She had one of those white tanks on with you know the quote that says 'baby on board' only it was one of her quotes mixed in. Like 'Don't beam her up Scotty' or something, you know what I mean. Anyway, Bethany apparently got a huge attraction for the 'prom'. A T-Rex. Which they kept in chains in the band pit. They had this picture opportunity for couples where the girl could put on fake chains and sit by the Rex. Ya know like Knight in shining armor saves Princess type of thing. Anyway, we're all standing at the aud. doors while someone, Kelly I think, introduced Bethany to introduce the Rex. Anyway, long story short...umm *looks up at the paragraph she's typed*...-er, Bethany rambles on thanking everyone on the Earth when the Rex breaks out. Of course mass panic and chaos, in which Bethany and a few others get eatened. Funny too, every when in slow mo, like the movies. Anyway, to conclude my rambling essay I have going here: people tried to find a way to kill it. That means taking car doors, etc, and throwing it at the Rex to Jordan and them all. Martin and I went into the electric room, which was were the pool was, and detached some kind of hot-wire in which we were going to throw at the Rex only to get hit by some kind of cold wind-hurricane-thing and end up at the start of the dream again. I hate when I dream about time loops. But of course I didn't know we had already done everything until I woke up. Had a great sense of deja vu the third time through. *in Cho's Mother's voice* Mortal of story: My subconscious is a b*tch.

 this saturday. next saturday i work till 5, not that that blocks off the whole day -- but yeah, this saturday. and the correct spelling of I! as you said, is Aye!, ya know -- like piratey terms.

 Bob, your a freak. I love you :p Alright all in favor in having the picnic Sat. say I! And then give a clear definition, in essay format, of this Sat or next Sat. Cause I can't remember which we were talking about. And I am so tired that I'm going to add a lil stargate humor: Sam Carter: Are we all set to record Lt.? Lt. Simmons: Yes ma'am. Daniel Jackson: *whispering to Sam* You know, I'm sensing a little more then obligation there. A crush? Lt. Simmons: um...we're recording now. Sam and Daniel: *look up* Sam: Thank you Lt. Daniel: oops. Hey, the artifact!

 first of all, you can't proooove anything. secondly, since we aren't very well organized as of yet(or ever) i say that Whatever we happen to be doing that on Saturday, around -- eh, let's say 1 or 2-ish, we all meet somewhere to do something. if this is the plan, then i advise someone to contact whoever doesn't read this thing that we want to come. thirdly, MY CAPTION HAS BEEN ADDED Seventhly, Snarky, no i will not trade immune systems with you, mine allows me to be a moron at 2 in the morning when i have to work the next day. Also, go to bed.. 6:30 is waaaaaay to early. *POOF*

 ...Bob... WHAT THE HECK?!

 *laughs insanely at Bob's post* Put down the spoon and back away from the sugar! And your caption has been added. Okay so maybe Grad-Party-Picnic-Thing next-err this weekend? And who ever knows about the disco-night-glowy bowling thingy's times and stuff, that would be good. I have nothing to do so why the %?#*&! of all things *#$?*@^ am I wake at this time?! ...someone trade immune systems with me!

 Oh yeah.. caption for (ooo, shock)CAPTION CONTEST ... T:nope, still no frodo.

 Long time no Andy posting.. slacker. BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH (what? I felt it was time for something a little less expected ... Were you expecting to hear the sound of a goat with a very good lung capacity?) burble? oh, I got bored so I decided to buy a B-52's CD... Now we don't have to hound the airwaves to hear The Loveshack.. or Rock Lobster.. However the option is still there if we feel like it. enjoy your gosh awful incredibly boring training. And it makes much more sense that you're not working near me. But I repeat .... I WILL COME BUG YOU.. when I find it. and if I'm near by. maybe. soooo much work just to hunt a sed. *puts on jungle explorer gear and a starts looking through a pair of giant binoculars* *starts talking in a cross b/w "british-man-voice" and "the croc hunter"* .... "And as we stealthily trample through these large and rather noisy poisonous bushes, it is apparent that we have still yet to come across a sighting of the illusive (big dramatic pause) TK".... All I have to say for myself is.... BLAME THE SUGAR!!!

 ::peep:: urlLink SP Go. Enjoy. Giggle a little, it's okay, I won't tell. burble?

 Please tell me you didn't draw elves all over the paper work like you did to your tests. ^^ Caption Contest Why didn't anyone tell me the poll was screwed up? Maybe cause no one voted? *poke poke* urlLink ~*LINKAGE!*~ O! and BTW to Bob: To downlaod something: Right click the link/picture/whatever, select "Save Target As...", and ta da!

 I have training this week (Wed-fri) and next week (Unsure when) Anything during the weekend is good for me, considering I don't know when I may have another weekend off once I acutally start working. And Bob, I dunno if you got that comment, but I'll be working in Newark. X3 Call me for stuff, I might not be online much since I have 4 hours training sitting at a computer for the next three days. O_O Oh, and orientation was BORING. Just gave out schedules and whatnot. Signed more paperwork.... blah. How is TK anyway??

 sunday. i have off sunday as well. o, and to be more specific i just said eveningwear in general, because if we were to do this i would be going in my homecoming dress. and tegan would prolly like to take part as well.. but anyway. hey sed. i bumped into your mom today at shoprite.. i can't believe you're working all the way up by me... we're in the same shopping center for goodness sake. I AM GOING TO COME BUG YOU!!!

 Hope you did well on your ori...thingy. I'm to lazy to see how it's spelled. In other news, Leanna's grad party: who honestly wants to go? Oh and I've been out of it all weekend cause of a fever so yeah. fun. just letting anyone know why I haven't done anything. On to important stuff. Bobicus had the idea of going bowling. Or rather go bowling with a twist: we wear our Prom gowns. And as she said, who's really going to wear them again? Gnome also came up with an idea. Since none of us were able to make it to David's Grad party for reasons beyond our control, she suggested we have a Reality Bound Graduation Party-Picnic. In our prom gowns! ignore me, i'm annoyed cause pop-ups keep poping up for no good reason Both ideas, I agree with so, as Bob said, She has off Wed, Fri, and Sat. Anyone one else have off and if so what do you want to do? Also, for the Grad-Party-Picnic-Thing: Im thinking maybe next Wed? It's going to rain this Tues, Wed, Fri, and Sat, but next week looks nice. Questions, Comments, Flames, etc? BTW, has anyone heard from Mr. Cranky (TK) lately?

 hi people. uh - i have off on wednesday .. and fri-sun... picnic or bowling anyone? (other options considerable -- just throwing something out there) enjoy your orientation sed - have fun counting the old people's pennies.

 You guys remember Leanna Warry, right? Well, she invited us to her Graduation party. She told me to tell you guys, so here's the info: Come and celebrate Leanna's High School Graduation On June 27th (next Sunday) at 2pm Place: 501 Paper Mill Road in Newark, DE 19711 (Mike and Emily Whiteman's Home) BRING YOUR SWIMSUITS RSVP: 834-4990 by 6/20 (A little late, huh?) Okay. Letting you guys know!! I have a job at Shoprite, I have orientation tomarrow and don't know my schedule yet, but we'll see what's going on. :3

 I reitterate what sed said. Creepy. however, how many of us will not slip and order a pepsi at least once during this summer? i mean -- in all frankness --- even that story made me want a pepsi. gotta go... i'm kinda online during one of those massively loud and inconvenient storms we've been having lately and the lights are flickering a bit.. so i'll go now.

 Okie, the thing about Herpes was a little creepy, but my house is only stocked with coke right now! X3 Snarky, the comic is cute, and the anime SORTA has a plot, except they have Rena and Shugo in some sort of incest situation or something. Really odd. I'd like to read Fruit Baskets, but I never picked up the anime 1) because I basically never buy it unless I know I'm going to watch it more than once 2) the art looked a little lame. X3 I have an interview at Shoprite at 1:30 today. That's in 2 hours! >. And You should all go read urlLink my DA journal entry because some D&D people totally stole my poor Elucidor. T__T *is sad*

 Heres a few fun facts and an intresting story... well 1 fun fact and an intresting story I heard.... First, My Dad told me, its on the news, that oddly a hell of a lot of Pakasatanian and other middle eastern people are leaveing the country schedualed for late june.... and its becomeing too many of them to be a coincidence... so thats odd.... ya know ... makes one go...hmmmmm. They each have their own reasons of course like, family problems and the such. Well... heres the story scoop... My Dad also told me he talked to a guy he wroked with tonight.. A close friend.. And The Guy said his sister who lives in maryland, was at a grocery store a few days ago, and she was behind a pakastanian woman, who was actaully shopping to get ready to leave the country.... and.. the lady was like 3 or 4$ short on money for her order... and to move along the line his sister gave her the money she needed, ya know, being nice.... and the lady walked away took her things and left.... never said thank you... nothing. His sister chalcked it up to that being the rude world of today. well.... when she, his sis, got to the parking lot.. she got a tap on her shoulder... and she truned to find the woman from the line... and she says to her... "Don't drink any pepsi products this summer"... and walked away... and they found it odd....at first she thought, oh, well, why would the Arabs boycott pepsi??...and then was like...hmmmm and now it seems it might have been a thank you warning... Now, especially Tk.... who has not drank a papsi product at some point this week... If that was the plan, and that could be a damn good one, and not a mission impossible, how many americans will die with in a week? Hmm... should we change the name of herpes to anthrax?

 HEY! how do you download stuff? i wanna download The Love Shack but am clueless as to how to go about doing so. *frowns* ooo!! oooo! guess who got a bad haircut!!! meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. o well. it's shorter. that's all i was going for anyway. Bummer for the gnome. sure i'll sign the petition thingy.. but one of you people better find a cure for diabetes before i get old.. cuz things don't look too promising for me in that particular "o crap, we're old" area. also, i am thinking about getting either a new pair of glasses or a laptop..... any pointers on the laptop --- what it should have, that kinda crap. i'm sick of working during the day.. i miss all the good weather because it always starts raining before i finish... at 9. *gir* anyone wanna do anything before 5 on friday, or after 5 on sat... after 4 on sunday works too. point is.... bored.

 Dest: Wicked layout! I love it! As for the .hack//sign manga, I ment to give it to yous the other day but forgot as I was late > *cries as her "The Lost World" on VHS is now officially dead* T_T I just wanted to watch them die... Bob: Picnic sounds good, if we get out of this gray-ness. Gnome: Will look into petition and here's knocking on wood to Gnome getting cancer.

 Gnome's in a happy mood. No good reason, just in a happy mood. Missing her gang, since I haven't seen anoyne except TK and David since Tuesday, and some of you even before that! And what's all this Love Shack nonsense? Oh, but the real reason I posted. Clickage!! http://www.lifetimetv.com/health/breast_mastectomy_pledge.html This is about a bill/petition that needs signatures. It makes a mandatory 48-hour stay for women undergoing a mastectomy. Generally, women have to leave the hospital with tubes still sticking out of them, still groggy, and still in pain, b/c insurances don't cover mastectomies. Both of my grannies died from cancer, my mommy had a cancer scare about 6 months ago, and your friendly Gnome is HIGHLY likely to get some type of cancer during her lifetime, considering the lovely health of my grandparents and parents. So, go sign the petition. All ya need is your name and zip code, nothing else is mandatory. In other news, it's a year for me and James in 5 days!!! Go me!!! Anyone feel like giving me a ride to the mall on Monday so I can hang out with my boy for our anniversary? I can take the bus anyway...... But yeah. I'll shut up now. Go sign the petition!!!!

 Yeah, there will be singing. X3 Wayne made me listen to "Rock Lobster" by the B-52's. Wow, that was interesting. Fun song. ;) Snarky! Did you read those .hack manga I let you borrow? I picked up the anime last night. ^^;; There goes $30... *sigh* Worth it though. *snort* AND YOU SHALL ALL VISIT MY BLOG BECAUSE I MADE A NEW SPECIAL LAYOUT!!! urlLink CLICKIES!

 and we have disowned the dj of the female gender because she took too long. you'd think people would try harder to be a god.. oy. i might wanna go to sixflags, depends on the cash flow. how soon do you need to know? and will there be jesus singers again?... not that that would have any influence on my going - i'm just poor. *cries* i can't get sound on this computer. we should plan another outing for sometime in the future..... something cheap { $$$$ = :( }. like a picnic or something... HAPPY MONDAY!!! -- hope everyones sunburn is improving... my leg still has that stinging tingly feeling *stares at leg -- shakes head*

 *giggles insanly* WSTW guy is now our god! I downloaded too ^^ As for Six Flags. I dunno. Will thinkage on it.

 I downloaded it, for those who want to listen, urlLink click here ! Anyway, I had all sorts of fun yesterday!! X3 Weeeeeee! Oh a little side note here: My Youth Group is having a 6 flags trip JULY 24 and it's $35 advance or $45 at the door. If any of you want to go, send me an e-mail. Both Robyn and Assia have been before (I will have to ask Asi if she wants to go again). Yeah, we usually have to be at the church by 8am. If no one wants to go, that's okay. I just thought I should throw it out there.

 this post has no point. hi jill. HI SED! HI SED!! HI SED!!!!!! how was the red robin? 'ello all. Thanks for my checks back D. ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Stepford Wives was funny.

 I called! Anyway, some interesting news. The Olympic Torch(c) is currently making it's way around the world and is currently in South Africa. 62 days until the summer games start. And I'll be in Watkins Glen, New York for the beginning. Too bad. *being very sarcastic*

 Okay, if anyone wants to do anything... AND I MEAN ANYTHING!!!!!!!! LIKE STUFF!!!!!!! Please please please tell me because I AM BORED OUT OF MY MIND!! Call me!! or something, like on my cellphone which is 312-1992 and I don't care if I just posted that all over the internet because I ain't pickin' it up just for anyone so calllllll meeeeeeeee! I will be calling some of you today! BWAHAHAHA! okay. I saw PoA. Lupin is the butt-ugliest werewolf, so I had to draw my own. I should scan it sometime... oO;;

 Wow. No shit. well look at that, SOMEONE ACTUALLY HAS READ THIS..... ::Holds a Glass up to Jill:: ... . ... ..... .. WHO THE HELLS JILL!!!?!?! Inquiering minds want to know.... mail one of us, or me At metaslone@aol.com. I'm curiouse.... Any way in other news.. I have no news. I WORKED ALL DAY!! Whoo!!!! money money money... yay lalala hey Mr.Dj put a record on I'm stop talking 'bout this bullshit ::does an insane dance out of here......:: P.S. ANDY WANTS SOME COFFEE!!! Jill's Profile mentioned coffee.... she make Andy want Coffee.... arggg I have no coffee... Jill... evil Coffee infecting want feind.. hehe

 well. why did the first couple of pages of blog look all funny and table-ish.. i was getting to like the new blog look. and also... that's kinda creepy that people are watching us(hi jill and whoever else). this goes against my "can not trust any one on line besides the people i already know" policy. i don't know which urge is stronger.. the urge to be paranoid and stop writing..or the urge to be lazy.... lazy won. o well. happy thursday. no idea why. i wanna see a movie this weekend. or do something. i am bored.

 What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by daydreamer8852 Name Birthdate You killed With a On February 11, 2022 Created with the ORIGINAL urlLink MemeGen !

 LOOK! LOOK! Someone comment-ed BG's post! There ARE people watching us! ^^

 I forgot all about da caption contest > ANYWAY! click urlLink here for the page and caption and quote away. ^^;;;

 What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by daydreamer8852 Name Birthdate You killed With a On May 24, 2012 Created with the ORIGINAL urlLink MemeGen ! Why???

 BWWEEEHEHEHEHEE! What stupid celebrity are you destined to kill? by daydreamer8852 Name Birthdate You killed With a On December 20, 2010 Created with the ORIGINAL urlLink MemeGen ! Generate your Anime Style by urlLink Jena-su Name: Hair: Never stays the same style/colour for long. Clothes: Little by way of actual clothes, but lots and LOTS of really cool accessories. Powers: Control over the weather Special Features: Unusual, yet natural markings Sidekick: Small dragon. Attitude: Extremely smart and cheerful, maybe with a big brother/sister complex. Weapon: Power glove Created with the ORIGINAL urlLink MemeGen !

 *trys out the comment thingy* ...interesting...

 ...I GOTS A CAR! *squeals like the nutcase she is* Dest, feel better sweetie! Cause we must see PoA something this weekend, ne? Why does everything look wrong on my comp? ...ahh Dad must have played with the settings. >

 1! margaret Chos Revolution tour the Movie premiers on June 19 on the sundance channel. i don't get that cannel, I think Tk prolly does though, so PARTY AT TKS THAT NIGHT lol Also Cho has a new tour starting in the fall called "The State Of Emergancy Tour" i've read things from it, sounds really funny. WE MUST GO!!!! So be ready for that lol

 oh yeah.. i believe the final list of people is this: David, Kim, Me, Gnome, Tegan, and (prolly)Tk. ... a nice even six.(tight car ride, but good for everything else)

 tegan is coming. ummmm 8 am.... early. just to make sure everyone knows, although i don't now how you wouldn't... we're going to Hershey now. price has raised a couple o' bucks... it's now 31 to get in. plus gas and food expenses and souveneirs if you want any. ummm... i could pick up tegan and bring her to wherever if need be... let me know. call whenever.. prolly won't be sleeping.

 I'm back! and I is going on the trip. I wills call Dest and T in a few to see if they are going then I wills post. Pick up: 8 sounds fine to me. Bob, TK, and I can even make it easier on yous if you want and meet up at one's home so you make as few stops as possible. -just a thought. Until then, we're going to have fun!

 Alight Tk, i'll give ya the benifit of the doubt. It was a bad weekend to go to the beach any way, but this means you MUST come on tuesday to Six Flags. just make sure you keep us posted on ANY more opertunitys for a weekend at the beach... cuz I'd need to know ahead of time and we'll see how the summer goes. Any way, so for the siz flags trip Here we go People going: Me, Bob, Snarky, Tk, Gnome, .... has anyone invited Tegan or Tai or Des??? is not TOMMAROW I NEED ANSWERS (as in monday) Cost per-person, this is pending but a flat fee of 30$$ Due to Fee of getting in and gas money for whom ever drives (looking like me) Still better then the 50 or so of regular admission. Driveing: I said I would, any better ideas, bring them up to THE GROUP tommarow. If all kinks and ideas are not worked out by midnight on monday this trip is cancled as far as I'm concerened, I say so lol. Last I say we leave early in the morn, but not tooo early, say being on the road by 10, meaning leaving the last house around 9:30! Yes, you may have to get up at 8, boo hoo welcome to my summer (working every day full time) So if that is all and I believe it is. I leave you .... Oh! btw solution to uneven problem... Gnome may not eb able to go any way, and also I have a coupon that makes it 28$

 Congrats on the laptop sed.

 I'm sick again. T____T

 You're all still welcome to come down if you can find a ride. But I posted as soon as I found out we were still going and the entire reason I posted was because I knew I would forget by graduation, I had a lot on my mind and I've always had a bad short-term memory. I'd still love to have anyone come down who wants to but wasn't given much time to organize it well. BTW... Kim, I really do hope that your post wasn't a responce to my e-mail...

 I got me a laptop and it's awesome!! X3 HOORAH!!

 Okay, first i would like to say that We have finally graduated and are now, as kim said, "not highschoolers" ... yay! Congradulations to Everyone!!! Now, about six flags. first of all... we really need to plan things out a little more .. it is this tuesday. Money - tickets are 46 bucks a pop, plus 6% sales tax. YES, there is sales tax. :( that means that if we use the coke cans to split the price it comes to $24.38 each. we can use the half price thing on up to twelve people cause i've got six cans... Also, it would be nice if we kept the people at an even number or else things are gonna get really screwy money wise.. plus, it's better for rides that way. WE NEED TO KNOW WHO IS GOING!!! MAKE A LIST!!! SOMETHING!!! also, we have no time set, no idea of who is going in what car or anything to that nature... or we do - and i just don't know about it... possible -- but not the case(better not be anyway) - SEE YOU ALL ON TUESDAY I'm also emailing this to everyone for those who don't get to go to blog very often.

 I side with Snarky here Tk, that was fucked up. If you really wanted to make us seem welcome you would have said something at graduation. Or just kicked us in the ass. Sometimes I wonder about you any more.... but ah well, I'd rather have not gone and been told indirectly I'm not wanted then have gone and not knowen. *add some sarcastic thing here* Have fun with your plans this weekend everyone!!!!! Even Tk at the beach... don't sit too much....

 hoo-ha! *falls back dead* BTW: TK. And how many of us were notified of this change DURING graduation? Last time I checked, D still wanted to go. You knew no one would read Blogger right before Grad. If you didn't want anyone to go with you, just say so instead of making excuses. I'm off to bed, then to da race. See you all on Tuesday!

 Okay, I know it's been a while since my last post but I'm only here to leave a quick message. I don't know how many of you are going to read the blog before graduation but here it is: I have found out that my dad and I are actually still going to the beach this weekend, we'll be going either tonight or tommorow morning (most likely tonight) and will be returning on momday some time around noon. if you want to come just send me an e-mail or call me or something along those lines, I'll be at my house until a little after five-thirty or you can talk to me at graduation. Well, that's all. Oh, except for one thing: congratulations all!

 4 hours till we no longer highschoolers! We'll be- ...not highschoolers... >> ignore me.

 WE GRADUATE TODAY!!!!!! Classs of '04 WHAT WHAT?? heheheheheeh :) ::does a dance:: ::moment of silence for or Resident mouse::

 yay I got my Navel pierced tonight with Gnome, it fucking rocked. the lady was great, I was laughin, and it didn hurt at all. Hehe I'd lick it If I could, but I'm not even aloud to touch it yet.... lol

 Generate your Anime Style by urlLink Jena-su Name: Hair: Short and brightly coloured. Clothes: Simple, comfortable, everyday clothes. Powers: Dark magic Special Features: Fox ears and tail Sidekick: Your best friend. Attitude: Cool, calm, and collected. You rarely lose your composure, so when you do, it's pretty amusing. Weapon: Wrist blades Created with the ORIGINAL urlLink MemeGen !

 aww. Its so close. Generate your Anime Style by urlLink Jena-su Name: Hair: Short and brightly coloured. Clothes: Leather, belts, chains, bondage pants, collars, and tight shirts. Powers: Psychic powers Special Features: Wolf ears and tail Sidekick: A wise-ass little demon. Attitude: Psychotic and damn proud. Weapon: Squeeky Hammer Created with the ORIGINAL urlLink MemeGen ! BG, try your name without the space. It's you!

 *giggles* My ferret is like a snake. Poke it too many times and its turns around and bites you. *looks down at bleeding hand*

 Yes, I'll take you home. We all should hang out after practice tomorrow and...hang. >> ...

 My stepdaddy is driving me to graduation practice. Snarky, can you drive me home... PWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESE????? I LUV YOU!!!!!!! X3 See you all tomarrow! Is is happy!

 Me, Kim and Possibly Robyn are planing a trip for us to six flags for tuesday, you may already know or you may be obliviouse ::shrugs:: But there ya go. Regular admission costs like 45$, were useing coke cans get one person in freee things to split the price for everyone, to like 22.50, but for whoever drives (so far prolly me) its a long ride, so we need to put in gas money cuz we all poor. So expect the trip to cost teh flat free to around 30$ So go, ask your parents, do what ya gotta do, we'll be on your door step tuesday morn like it or not..... Its good to know all our books are in, yay, ::crings and waits for the fine to fall::

 So there! Just because I spend the night at my boyfriend's house does not make me a skank or something!! His parents were home, he slept downstairs (I got to sleep in his bed ;-) ), and nothing happened..... much to Gnomie's disappointment. But it's all good! I am now the proud owner of a '04 Delaware fishing liscense.... yay...? And I learned how to fish without getting the line and bobber stuck in a tree. And I caught a fish! Anyway, David's taking me out job-hunting tonight. Yay! Anyone know anything close to Kirkwood Highway that's hiring? Preferably cashier/register, retail something, or food service. I can't do anything else. Oh, and daycare. Gnome loves the kiddies! Thanks for returning your books, gonna check and see if any are still out... ~*~checking~*~ Ok, something called "Vaudeville Pioneer" is still checked out, but has been renewed for July 1st. Andy, I believe that one is all you. Thanks you guys!! Dunno if I'm fined for anything yet, but I'll check later.

 first of all... it's an apartment... freakin' third floor. steps the whole way.... gir. other than that - nice. and lol.. yeah, d, i think i'm closer to you. i think. tried to get to work today.. got lost. this morning i felt like taking the shortER way to get there.. cuz i tried it a few times and thought i'd be able to do it just fine.... NOPE.. never made it that way.. had to back track all way the to the beginning and start over. all i had to do was get to limestone road....eeesh. NOW ABOUT THIS CAT..... MY KITTY NEEDS A HOME.... :(.... ANNNNNDREWWWWW.... ..and yeah.. i'm stealthy like that. but anyway... i think me camping is a no-go. don't sniff too much paint gnome.. i know it's pretty.. but..... j/k.

 Omg, I laupghed so hard when I saw the new end post thing haha. Get rid of it, I can't post with that thing on. Ewww, ::shudder:: But haha its funny. I laughed so loud. Any way in other news. ONE WEEK TO CAMPING!!! My only Vaca. this summer.. so lets make it good. ROBYN HOW THE HELL DID YOU MOVE AND NO ONE KNEW.... your closer by me now, right. OOOOO we should do more togtehr then (less gas now) I'll b callin ya lol Andy comes hoem tommarow, hmm. I cut and died my hair tonight and got new product cuz all mine were running out. So I spent 100$ total on just my hair today...... even I'm like OMG obsessed.... at least I don't beat Connor... So what to say.. eww any one see the new neopet, the Ant thingy, whos idea was that.... My dog IS cute. OOOO and Kim your Ex voy Stephn or whatever, I took his picture the other day, we talked he didn rememebr me, at least not at first, then he hit on me and gave me his # on his way out.... ::shudders:: hes a bad gay man though... need help, work, a macys and/or a hair style! Ah well.... maybe one day me and Andy could adopt him and make him a project. Give him a lil cage, and beat him when he doesn't wear flattering clothings and take away his wheel and pellets... hmmmmm I'm feeling really gay today.....I wana shop.... wana shop... wana fuck men, a man, Andy.... hmmmm. No male contact for a week.... at least I got to cop a few feels on the guys I took pictures of while getting then dressed hahah. So......

 Anyway, I'm alive... Bobicus left us! No!! In any case, that means Kim and I get to get lost trying to find the NEW house. Grr. I work at Sears in the paint department now. Come visit me. But lifetime paint, cuz I get money off every can I sell. And apply for a Sears card. I get money for that too. David's dog is cute!! Random posts are fun..... I want ice, it's hot in my house. Onward to the kitchen, to get ice! And to the basement, because the laundry I put in the washer at around 11:15 is probably done by now. Byes!!! ~*~Gnome poof~*~

 ello all. kim or david, i shall call one of you tomorrow around 7:45ish to let you know whether i can make it on the trip or not. i have to look at my schedule.&nbsp; i had to get up at 5am this morning.. very interesting.. morning is highly overrated.... i have been up for 21 hours 38 minutes. i meant to go to sleep at midnight, but whatever. I ju s t n o t ic ed t hat y o u ca n p l a y w it h the f o n t n ow . y a y . yeuck. i have to take math in college. i start off my mornings with math in school. yeah, i already have my schedule planned and all that. ALL WEDNESDAYS OFF.

 The time thing, it's a reference to the picture isn't it Dest? You and that Boa! And yesh, I gots yous note (as Bob said, it's mentioned a few posts back). You know, they said yesturday it was going to rain all day, flood warnings were issued and everything. ...has the weather people looked out side lately? Dad and I cleaned the motorhome yesturday ^^; And they're still saying it's going to rain. It's not raining! X3 &nbsp; What psychic?

 Yes, it twas me. !! I got a Nice one from Bob! HOORAH!

 hm. i thought you had some sort of AIM or something. o well. whatever. lol.. that dream is very interesting sed.. i think we should definately find out what the pyshic lady looks like... that would be so weird if it really looked like her. And yeah,&nbsp;kim definately got the note... it's mentioned a couple of times a few posts back. and i have found a new band that i like bunches... but am too lazy ---- and broke --- to buy their CD. Modest Mouse. yeah, i know -- here's comes a bunch of "Mouse" references, but that's their name.&nbsp; it's a shame. cuz there's a couple Cd's i wanna buy.. but the money saved for more important things, so i can't complain. --- if i still haven't gotten them by Xmas or my bday.. keep that in mind.. i'll make a list.. and whoever changed the time thingy *cough*twas it sed?*cough*&nbsp;that's&nbsp;a great one. lol.

 Bah, no one's on Superstar anymore. The site just died. Doesn't matter. T_T Poor site. My heels hurt. BOBICUS! I had a weird dream last night that the psychic I left the note at had visited me and started crying about how it was mean to make fun of her and leave a note at her door. Here's what she looked like: Middle sized, Long dark-blonde hair, black shirt. It was REALLY weird. X3 I like Leaving notes. Did Snarky get mine? >_> *Puts on a black boa and dances around*

 *mystic voice* ahhh but I was on OO~OO~OO &nbsp; I have cable, not AOL anymore. BTW, I'm trying to get a neohome room into paint. anyone have any ideas how to do this?

 i took&nbsp;some of those thingys.... they were really easy.... and OMGosh... i have to take a language!!! that sucks. and kim was on the same time as me... but didn't show up on my buddy list..... *raises eyebrow in sherlock homles manor* as sed would say.. wtf? so bored.. .. a morman dragged me to church. .. to catholic church... yawns.... yawns again... one more time..... *poof*

 *giggles at self* I was listening to myself on my answering machine from earlier. "I'll be home...soon. In an hour. ...or two. Maybe not... yeah." *giggles some more*

 *giggles at Bob's quotes even though she's in full panic mode* I have a placement test in an hour for DelTech And I'm panicing!&nbsp;I's went over pratice questions last night, and I sooo bombed it. And I learned most of that last year! > BTW, Dest, when you get a chance, take me off "SuperStar's" member list. We doing nothing on it. :p

 ooooooooooooh, that's what was on the reciept. i forgot to look - and is there something wrong with Orange Tic Tac's? :P &nbsp; and no, you probably don't want to ask about Sparkles, but if you must.. i was just bored. &nbsp; and&nbsp;now for&nbsp; a quote i happened to come across the other day. &nbsp; The fastest way to a man's heart is by tearing a hole through his ribcage. &nbsp; actually, that isn't the one i intended to put sooooo, HERE'S MORE!!! &nbsp; &nbsp;It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal yourneighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it. &nbsp; ...i've got more but i'll make you all suffer some other time.

 HA HA! I left Kim a note on her DOOR! XD

 "Snarky, accompanied only by his/her laptop and a small chihuahua name Sparkles, stumbled across a hidden cavern lined with jewels and Hostess cakes" &nbsp; Do I even want to ask?

 The five of us went over to Ocean City, NJ and played mini golf there. Camera took the pic on the timer thingy. We invited you to go Gnome but you said no for one reason or another. &nbsp; BTW: Winner of the Caption Contest = Me (...yay...). Out of three votes, I had two. (- -;) Anyone&nbsp;have a piccy they would like to be quoted?

 cute note you two. Bob: Orange Tic Tacs?

 you poor, obsessed, lil girl. You can tell the piccy was drawn by someone japanese. They draw soo pretty. Also the japanese under the piccy gives it away. &nbsp; *blinks at new blogger look for posting* We need all this?

 When did you guys go play mini-golf?? I wanna go play mini-golf...... I'm so confused...... I always get confused..... And who took the picture? ~*~sigh~*~ Well anyway..... life is sucky right now, missing my bf, missing my gang, having to work crappy hours....... We're growing apart!! We're all losing each other!! Especially since I don't have a car! Car would be good, considering everyone younger than me has one. Blah. &nbsp; Anyway, I'm bored. Called Andy's cell phone at like 1:30, and he didn't answer, called his house and they weren't there..... So onwards&nbsp;to calling David's house. Or, I'll just go vegg in my room and waste away. That's a good plan too.&nbsp; ~*~sigh~*~ &nbsp; Sorry I didn't get here to post a caption. I've been busy trying to find a job, finally got one at Sears. Yay. &nbsp; Anyway...... Gonna sign off now. No point in being online, since there's no one here. Buh byes.

 urlLink THE BOA!! THE BOOOOOOOOOOOA! &nbsp; &nbsp; *cough cough* &nbsp; /end random post

 I am off usually on Sundays. My schedule is work all week except Sunday and Thursday. 0_0

 hmm...on one answered at Kim's house > Ack. Anyways. Kim is home. Got home 53 minutes ago. XD What else? Not much here. Someone shoot Tai and TK. O! I'm working on a new RB script! ^^ But...it's not InuYasha XD *backs away from Dest* Voting is open for caption contest! go urlLink here !

 So, I'm home today. Last night was intresting. Me Andy Gnome Bob and T. Played VCR Clue. Was very very annoyingly hard!!!!! OMG!!!! Who ever made clue become that involved should be shot. We must all play one day :) hehe So I'm doing nada, working on my camera and shit. Chillin. Missing my Andy, but I'll prolly see him tommarow Can Can Sale... oh, that sucks Des. but how hard can it be. Just a million old woman who think can goods are a good idea incase of disaster. At least its not the can cna sale right after like 911 or something, cuz then you know it was crazy. Ha! Bob has to work tommarow... I have off... ::likes being off:: yesterday was hard... lol I baisicly ran the studio cuz everyone was on Vaca, all that was there was me and Steph. I was like WTH and she was like "Oh, their on vaca. Someone planned this badly." and I had 60 seniors to shoot. ::dies:: so that was hard. lol Kim you wanted to know my schedual this week. Well tommarow I move all the shit to Mt Pleasant and shoot there for the week so I think I'm there through friday. So it prolly gonna be something like this. Tues-8-5 Wens-8-5 Thus-8-5 fri-8-6:30 sat-9-5 (in studio day, lunch at Twelve... Andy..) So call me when ever or E-mail me a day befor that you wana go out on a day and I'll get back to ya, prolly around 5 or 5:30 of that day lol. Any way I have things to go do, places to roam in, and people to eat. ttyl HAVE FUN IN POCONOS KIM, and if Tk ever read this GET YOUR ASS BACK AND STAY HERE OOOOOOOOO wait stop the press... I forgot... Ok, So I came so close to tracking down Tai the other day. My mom said she saw her working at sears the other day and it was only an hour befor I got home. So I was like omg, and called sears and was like line hopping between departments searching her out, ready to yell at her. and Finally someone told me shes in Tools and Transfered me up there, and I was getting ready to hear her lil Voice and say "WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN" off the bat. But a guy answered, I asked for Tai, he said she left 5 mins ago..... Mission:Failed!

 umm. i don't feel like getting out of my pj's today. i think i'm doing well as far as that. Hope you enjoyed the pocono's kim. Can-Can sale.... i'm guessing that's work related --- well, maybe your arms will get nice and strong from lifting all those cans. i have to work tomorrow.. i don't really feel like going to work... i'll be glad when i start something else. uck - soooo boring. i got my car fix. turns out i managed to break the... uh... catallitic converter... yeah. that's sounds right. that's really expensive to replace, i think, but we know the mechanic guy, so he just welded it back together.. and i gave him Arby's. All better. Quiet is a wonderful thing. I think that that's all that i have that's remotely important, so i'm gonna go now. * a pitiful little poof* * now a really big poof with sparkles* * and i'm gone*

 Der. I've been busy and I haven't been online for a while. Look, I read this and no wonder no one picked up at Kim's house. X_X Anyway, I AM OFF ON MONDAY! CALL ME!! I need a new bathing suit. XD I will be working hard all the rest of the week. =_=

 small warning to everyone. I'm heading up to the Poconos this weekend (i was just told this last night >

 Yay! Points to the pyro! The caption page is updated. I'll wait till Sunday to put up the poll encase Gnome or TK decides to become alive and quote.

 Well since the person spelled attacked wrong, I'm going to take a big leap and say...Destinie? o -; *whines* Deeeeee! lil button! spell check!

 um. who changed the little time thingy this time? dork. :P

 Okay. Snarky, you really need to add some love shackness to the quotes section. ^_^

 Lol. I vote fer David's. XD

 d, that's gross. anyhoo, ola people. I'm just killing time. I have to work in.... 10 hours and 44 minutes. umm... Okay I give up, here's some lame little caption for the contest. "Yay! This rock looks like Africa!! ... Ms. Swann would be proud." also, you can count these as captions if you want ... I'm just pointing stuff out now. Has anyone noticed that Kim happens to look like Buddha with a golf club in this photo. Who gave us weaponry anyway? I'm now starting to make up words to the tune of "The 12 days of Christmas" so I'll stop now - before you all end of with twelve verses of "oh wow, kill me now." YOU HAVE BEEN SPARED!!!

 Ok caption conpetition. Destini: Oh no, We've become pixalated Kim: Looks like our funding went down this season....... David: I'm Sexy! Yea! Oh and Guess what Gnome... its that time of the year again.... for midnight anyway... my house is a bloddy mess.... literally.... .. ... .. ::shooing dog outside::...

 we stood outside your house for like 20 minutes trying to decide whether home depot was open or not.. or anything else for that matter. and then we ambushed andy. that's about it. and i have no caption for that photo yet, i however must say, i photograph horribly.

 Yay-ness! We should do something... Sorry about last- this morning guys. In a few minutes Bob would have had a lap full of dead-to-the-world-Snarky. ^^; Did you two go and do anything?

 Caption Contest: HELP HELP! I'm being strangled!! No... wait... it's BEHIND my head... Geez, I photograph very badly. I'm off Tuesday and Wednesday!! :) HOORAY!!

 Verbal Communication? Whats that? Something TK doesn't know anyway. Does anyone know where the frell he is? And the chat: Would it work better for people if it was on Tuesday at 7?

 if your that bord, Kim and Robyn or anyone else. If ya wana do something, or talk to me, or shift together a get together, is call me. We all know i'm usually up for something, even if I'm doing something already and I usually am, its ok to see. The phone seems the most effective and least used means up comunication here. Any way so u all have My house, andys house and Andys cell numbers so.... there ya go I'll see if I can make that Chat room thing tommarow kim, but I dunno if I'll be doing anything or not, at 7 on my day off I'd rather not be sitting on the comp. wasteing time. I'm way to busy and its my biggest energy day. Moveing on, tommarow, if anyone, wants to go see fire works or do anything with me tommaorw. I'm free all day on the 4th cuz Andys going to his Aunts and I haven't time to plan anything with anyone else thus far. So give me a call, I know u have my house #, 475-4080. If that dunn work, mail me and I;ll call u when I get it, but then don't just walk away. We've proven, you just can't plan things through e-mails and writeing. Verbal Communication, its what most prefer. Especially those with lil time to read messages everyday...

 The 10th Caption Contest has started! (WOO HOO!) Click urlLink HERE to see the picture. Quoting submitting is up to Next Sunday and then Voting the week after that. We'll see how that works. SO GO! SEE AND CAPTION! And there is a bunch to work with in the picture so, I expect EVERYONE to at least try... Woot. My caption: "No Meta, the cheap plastic mountian is not happy to see you."

 HAPPY FOURTH OF JULY! *mumbles* Gordon won the race... *whine bitch whine bitch* Only good thing is if you go to pepsi.com you can print out a coupon to get a free 2-liter pepsi. FREE HERPIES!

 urlLink

 um. i kinda slacked. o well. happy fourth in One day. umm, it's really 3 hours or something like that. and yeah. ditto on the boredom. bored, bored, bored.

 *blink blink* *backs away from Bob slowly* I WANNA DO SOMETHING! I is bored...

 um.. countdown. 4th o 7 in 3 24's. DAY OFF!!!

 I don't know what else to say about that picture other then...THE EYES! At least they don't look all innocent. *shivers* da eyes... Did you color the love shack one? I told Bob about it and I want her to see ^^ Now go! Finish Vadnir! ...so you have time to work on RB ^^ Random Historical Info! In England there were two categories a crime could be; felony or misdemeanors. If the crime was a misdemeanors, the person was sent on a one way trip to either Georgia (da state) or (after the Rev. War) Australia. If the crime was a felony, the punishment was hanging. Now for the good part: If a cop caught you trying to commit suicide, you would be taken to the court which finds suicide a felony and you would be hanged. - -; Just let him kill himself and save the trouble! I don't know why but that amuses me. Oh, BTW. TK went to the beach again. He'll be back Friday.

 *checked her e-mail* Bob moved! ^^

 I went back and fixed up one of our first comics (technically it's the second comic). Anyway, should I continue to do this or is it not that big of a change? urlLink OLD urlLink NEW

 *laughing her ass off* Someone must get me this! All others will be chased down and eatened. That's great!

 Yeah... here I am. ^-^

