 Work was not busy at all today. It was good. But now I have many a task for this afternoon. Hamlet essay, art, textiles. More art. More textiles. I have my art exam all day Friday. Eek! I'm really happy atm. Probably because of Paul. I've got a hair appointment for the day of the Valentines Ball in London so I'm gonna have gorgeous straight hair :) I hope you all like, well, those of you that go. You should come, as a large group, it'll be a good night out I reckon. And you are allowed to bring people from outside of school so bring people!! I'm also looking to the cinema tomorrow. Scary Movie 3! Wohoo!! Jackie, would you like to post the subject / question this week?

 Well Jackie I think you would make a good couple (if only for that Vday ball) with: Matt W Scottie-doo. Maybe Neil. At a push.

 What about me? Who am i gonna go with?

 Valentines Ball. Hmph. Nobody to go with.

 Ooo I wonder where Jo's posts went. Isn't that a mystery. I'm getting fed up of college. No real reason. I want to stop for a while. Have fun and relax. Time doesn't stop so oh well, its just a thought. My social life is slowly starting to pick up again. LOL. Cinema this weekend, Camden on Wednesday and then the Valentines Ball (hopefully) on the 17th. Wohoo!

 I feel very empty today.

 We are a lazy soceity, the rate of obestitiy proves it! 30- 40 yrs ago there wernt T.V's and computers so children went outside to play EVERYDAY, not once a week for 10 mins but they would spend all day outside just playing and mucking around Because all of this new stuff is around children dont do anything, and aldults are just as bad! I'm not saying that i dont agree with all this new technology as it makes life a lot easier and conviente. But what i think needs to happen is control over what is used by parents ect..

 Now Jo thats just silly and how can you be boycotting this blog if your still posting? Anyway. Lazy society hey? Well. I think the introduction of this ne wmodern technology has completely changed the way we live. Its faster to do things etc... Unfortunatly people are becoming more lazy with dirving to work instead of walking, phoning a friend instead of going around to see them etc.. But on the other hand with this technology being available shouldn't it be up to that person to decide if they use it, or if they don't? I think most of London certainly are getting lazier. Very much so.

 What?

 Yes and no. In some cases it has made life easier: i.e: Typing a letter. Thats how it should be. But now we have these super fast PC's *ahem* that play games and scan in our math h/w and it'll do it all for us and spellcheck it. Phones are lazy as well, whatever happened to the phonebox? This is the way I see it: It is making society lazier. But I like it somewhat, as long as it isn't expensive for its purpose. For example, a smartphone (costing 500) is enough for me to build a nippy mid-class PC, which I think has more use than the smartphone, plus its cheaper to run. On the other hand, a phone costing 100 range is fair enough.

 Do you think that technology has made society lazy? Technology includes: phones, computers, cars, etc.

 OK Jackie, in that case Tom can post this week. Jo, no one said don't grow up just when your blogging when we're havinga discussion about a topic can you not do it in a supier way. It seems to be that just because you go to Oxted you appear to me automatically more intelligent than us. Your not. Maybe you know more about certain subjects than us do but we're bound to know more than you do in the ones we study. I get the felling when your blogging away its: 'You can't have that opinion because you don't know the ins and outs so you better change your mind' and then proceed to give us all a full lesson in politics etc... So this week so should be interesting. I missed my textiles deadline for Friday last week so I should've done all the work over the weekend but I didn't because of work and the fact my sister came home. Work on Sunday was insane. The health and saftey officier decided to pay us a visit in the afternoon so I spent all morning running around cleaning stuff, making asiles safe, helping to clear up stock room. I also had to sweep up all of the trash outside to clear the fire exit. Yuk! I spent last hour or so in the canteen clearing that up and then the entertainment room. It was crazy. And when I got home I realised I had left my posters by my locker. Darn.

 OMG Whoses getting stessy, And all we are saying Jo, is dat by saying what ur saying your puttin us all down! Not saying that u aint growing up! And GEEZ Oh and nicki i dnt have a question to ask, so someone else can do it plz

 "And nicki U cnt have paul cause ur mineeeeeeeeeeee" Ahh. Fair enough. We'll have to have another debate about it like Friday. LOL. I thought that was so funny. Person to post subject / question tomorrow is: Jackie

 College attached to school = 6th form ;) I love arguing.

 I sorta agree with Nicki on dis one Jo, On the last blog you seemed to go on bout how we didnt put up a proper arguement ect.. Well its only a blog not an essay to be marked!!! And 6th form is college, its just that it is attachted toa skool! We get the same sorta amrks as colleges so it dnt matter! And nicki U cnt have paul cause ur mineeeeeeeeeeee

 FOR FUCKS SAKE ITS JUST A FUCKING PLACE TO LEARN STUFF. Look, definitions of it: College An undergraduate division or school of a university offering courses and granting degrees in a particular field. IE: SIXTH BLOODY FORM AAAAAAAAAH. Now I have been getting the feeling recently Jo that you don't seem to be liking me right now. Whenever we've had discussions on here you seem to love writing paragraphs about how wrong I am and you seem to like to point out your intelligence by bringing up facts etc... Just because I do Art and Textiles doesn't mean I don't know my own opnion. I don't need facts and figures to base my thoughts on. And so what if we go to Sixth Form which happens to be at Warlingham? It is a college, its not better or worse than anywhere else. And I'd rather you wouldn't post random comments about Paul and Charlene or whoever because you will start to put thoughts into my head and I will start to panic so could you possibly refrain from doing so. That and remember we're not stupid so can you not talk to us as though we are. Or me. Or to anyone else who feels simlar. Yes I am in an annoyed mood today.

 Actually Walrinham is a 6th form college! So there!

 Its still a college though. Maybe its a bit more set or whatever but its still a college. I prefer Warlingham to going somewhere like East Surrey. Its pretty damm good. Paul is loverly :)

 How I think of it: College = East Surrey. No specific times you have to be in. Not ajoined to secondary school. Specific classrooms for specific purposes. Pretty 'loose' campus. 6th Form = Warlingham. Specific times set. Joined onto secondary school. Must follow main school rules. Uses normal secondary school rooms.

 Warlingham has been a college since the Sixth Form begun. That is why it is: Warlingham Sixth Form. Sixth Form being collage. Sixth Form being another name for college. Plus I prefer to say college than school. Still an excellent Sixth Form. Nowt wrong with it.

 I stayed utnil 5.30 last night at college. I was doing textiles as I have a deadline for today but I also went to see one of Paul's plays for drama. I've never seen him act before and wow! I am sooo impressed! He is so good! The rest of his group were excellent but I was so impressed with Paul! Yay!!!!!

 With the NHS in the state that it is currently in, should they be forced to treat people, like smokers, who bring illness upon themselves? And what about hypochondriacs who waste valuable space? Should they be treated? I think with the NHS they should simply take a step back, look at themselves and then sort themselves out. There must be a logical way to sort out the long lists etc... somewhere. Hypochondriacs - well ok so they do waste space, sometimes. Maybe sometimes what they say is true. But they are still entiled to hospital visits. Perhaps it should just be a case of making doctors etc.. more efficent so that they can spot these people, check them out throughly but get them out quickly. Smokers - I don't like smokers. I hate it. Its the thing itself I hate but the people I dislike are todays generation. They all know the risks, they all know it could kill them yet they still go ahead. They are dumb. But those from our parents generation and before, they didn't know and now they do they can't stop. Its a fair argument. Its hard to quit it if you've been smoking for years. They should be entilted to free health care. It isn't their fault. Techically it is for smoking something that is damaging but they didn't know. My gran died from lung cancer and brain tumor. Created by smoking. I had to watch her die and I wish something could've been done about it but it couldn't. I don't blame her for smoking, I don't even blame the cigarette itself. I blame the fact that back then, she didn't know. Maybe it was cool, maybe it wasn't. Maybe it's just something they all did but the fact is she didn't know the dangers, couldn't give it up. Thats fair. Wish she'd have known, wish she would've stopped but hey, I can't do anything about it now. But back to the question in hand. Smokers should be given free health care. There should also be more warnings etc.. for us today. Maybe we should even take a lead of out Dublins book and become a city where you are not allowed to smoke in public. In your own home etc.. fine but not in public. Then again. If your mum or dad had been smoking and you believed they shouldn't get free health care because its their choice, what if they became ill and weren't allowed in hospital. Even though something could be done to save them? You'd have to watch them suffer, maybe die. Its not nice. Would you still feel the same way? Even if they didn't know the risks at the time?

 Many apoglogise to Jackie, I didn't mean any harm by that - it was, as Max said, very different years ago. I wish I lived back then as well. For example, my favourite quote from Richard Branson's autiobiograhpy... "If nobody was working very well in the office we would all go out for a walk in Hyde Park. Somebody would fall in the lake and we would all go for a swim." Can't do that any more. Bloody politcal correctness.

 Tom was probably generalising, meaning more detailed methods should go into practice, like beginning the year the campaign ads started or something. There is something that I am wondering about though. Back in the 60's and before hand or whatever, we had no such things as AIDS or HIV or any of that rubbish. So what the f*** has happened to society? The government are getting worse as we speak, go fascism and conservative. The world today is piss. I would have loved to live back in the 80's. I could have gone to college and expected something good to be on the radio instead of something crap. Thats just going off topic now. NHS sucks, pity I have to live with it. I'm gonna wrap myself in cotton wool and try not to break my neck or anything.

 What you to have just said has really offended me, both my mother and father smoke, they started smoking when the dangers wernt known, and then got addicted So you 2 are saying that my parents shouldnt get any help if they go to hospital with a smoking related illness. THat in my opinion is FUCKED UP You 2 are probably coming from the point of veiw that neither of your parents smoke there fore it doesnt affect you, my parents still pay taxes and shit so why shouldnt they get health care for free? Bah And thoses so called hpercondriacs, well if they are known then they will be left until last on the waiting list evct, and for all you know thoses hypercondraites could have something seriously wrong with them, all they are doing is caring about their health. Gah, im in a really bad mood today so excuse the language But grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Boys are stoopid and should go to jail

 I've thought about this for many years, and I've always believed that you should only get free health care if it's not your fault. If you've been run over by a bus, sure, come on in, get it sorted. Been smoking for last 5 years and you can't breath? Money please. That seems fair to me. I have a jaw problem, it ain't my fault, it's just the way I was born - therefore I should be intitled to free health care. The only problem then is that people will start making things up and you'll get even more problems. If you've got a problem, you've got a problem. I still don't understand how people can think they have a problem they don't, if anything it's usualy the other way round, there should be more people in hospital. Anyway, it does happen and I think people like that should be given little DIY hospital kits to take home and they can sit in their own bed and get their friends and family to play doctors and nurses. I'm nuts.

 i love monkeys! Cheese is cool too

 Well well well. I will find it hard to top Tom's rave but I will try. Since we've been back at college this term I've been feeling sick. More sick each day. Then along some Friday and I can't do anything at school because I'm so busy trying not to be sick. So I get sent up but my form tytor. I come back at lunch thinking well I've had 3 hours kip so I shuld be okish now. I didn't make it to English. I sat in the common room trying not to be sick. I forced myself to textiles as I have a deadline next Friday and cannot afford to miss the lesson. Saturday. Didn't make it to work. Didn't do any work. Stayed in bed. Along comes Sunday. Made it to work for 2 hours then get sent home. Can't go to the cinema either, too ill. Today I wake up thinking yea I feel better. Eat my breakfast. Bad move. I nearly throw up this time. Don't make it to school. I'm about to go to texiles in a moment simply because I have to do this work. I can't afford not to do it so matter how bad I feel. What really annoys me is the fact that I still haven't been sick! I wish I would be sick because then I'd feel soooo much better. Apparently there is a bug going around work anyway so hey, I'm definatly not making this up. The other annoying thing is on Sunday I could've Paul twice. But I didn't because I'm ill. Could've seen Paul for most of today. Can't. I'm ill. I hate being ill. Although it is rather nice when mum makes me soup and buys me jelly and things that are easy on the stomach. She even cut the crusts of my sandwiches. Marvellous.

 I can't sleep. I've tried sleeping on my back, I've tried sleeping on my front. Perhaps if I sleep on my right? No, I can see the clock now, counting down the hours. I'll sleep on my left. No, that doesn't work either. I'll read my book, a chapter or two. No, that didin't work. I'll listen to some relaxing music. Nope, that didn't help either. I'll go and get a drink of water. That was nice. I want some more water now. I can't sleep. Let's have a moan about something. The music in our common room. First of all, nobody is really listening to it. When the hi-fi is taken away, everybody does what they always do which is chat. So even with music as loud as possible, everybody still chats; but the music is often so loud I can't hear myself think. Problem number two, the music that is played is shit. There is no other word that defines it, it just really is. Continus beats and some strange person talking over the top of it. So when the radio is put on rather than somebodies nasty CD, it's Kiss 100, which is also shit. Not as shit as some of the CDs people bring in, but still pretty shit. How about Radio 1? That plays music all day long that everybody will like. No? Alright, Capital FM? Too much pop? Alright, try Virgin. Not a chance; bunch of selfish bastards. Wait until the lower sixth become upper sixth, then we'll show 'em. A thought has just come into my head. There are no real swear words. Let me explain; shit means poo, piss means just that, fuck means to plant a seed, wanker means to do that naughty thing boys do, bitch means female dog, bastard means your parents arn't married, prick means something sharp and pointy. There are no proper swear words! Even my own alternative, cabbages, means a green vegetable thing. I say we event a word that is purley for cursing with, a proper swear word. It has to be an all purpose word though, so it has to fit in the asterisks in the following: "**** off", "You stupid ******", "That's a load of ****", "Britney is such a *****", "I hate Justin, he's such a *******". So, all purpose, generaly insulting word; can't think of one, I'll try and go to sleep, I'm sure I'll think of something.

 Sned them all back, Neil included... Lol, Joking! Gotcha there though didnt i? Just for a second? No , ok ok ill shut up now! WEll too be honest i dnt have an opinion on it, cept for the fact that i dnt like it!

 Right ok I am here. Now I won't be able to reply with something full of facts and figures etc.. simply because I don't do any subject to do with stuff like that except general studies. And in general studies Max and I made a very sucessful presentation about it all. We came second in the polls. We voted for the communisits. I say send them to France simple because France - I dislike. Thats not a decent reason to say that I know but hey, thats me. Like I say before, I don't know that much about it all. I don't mind the seekers who happily pay there way and live quietly without causing problems. Thats fine. I understand about war countries and goverments pursuring people and stuff and yes its horrible for them which is why I say with the amount we'd save on the illegal ones being kicked out we could help those countries. Thats also a better way than sending in our army like Iraq. But hey, I don't really know what I'm talking about. I don't know all the ins and outs. I have no need to know really. Only time it bothers me is when I'm in Croydon and they're all around and its like ah get away. Yea, I guess what I'm saying is we should send the illegal immigrents away somewhere, anywhere, else and find another way of helping them. Tomorrow Jo will be choosing subject/question.

 I don't mean people like Neil who have been born here and all but the past few years we seem to have had a rush of folk come over and its like get away!!!!!! People like Neil's grandmother, fine. They pay their way we are paying for their living expenses. They don't cause hassle but its just the ones who don't pay their way, who clutter up our country. Liek I said before, simple solution: send them all to France.

 SORRY! GEEZ DIS IS JUST A BLOG! >:(

 True. Apart from that one time just down the page where you spelt "countrie".

 Thanx a lot Tom, I like you too. I can spell thank you very much!

 When you say immigrants, I am sure you mean illegal immigrants or illegal asylum seekers? If you want to kick out all immigrants you have to loose Neil. Neil's grandmother came over from India, she earns her living, she pays her taxes, she owns her own house. However, I do agree that illegal immigrants should not be allowed in the country, as it really is taking the piss now. I have to disagree with point number 2. "Eighty-seven per cent of the population of England and 96 per cent of the population of Wales gave their ethnic origin as White British." If they are going to come over here, they should speak English, they should get a job, they should earn a living not hang around Croydon late at night not doing a lot. If you thank that's mean, Croydon has higher amounts of Asian or black than the national average. For example, black or black British in Croydon is 13.3%, in the whole country 2.1%. urlLink Source: 2001 Census, ONS

 Reasons to kick immigrants out: - They take up valuable housing and jobs which could be taken by actual British people - True Brits are now a minority - They take our money, give nothing back Think about the amounts of money we would save from husing and feeding them if we sent them away!! We may then be able to sort out our hospitals or provide more funding for police and things. Or with some of that money give it to the warn torn countries to help their people directly rather than sending them all here. They annoy me, I walk around Croydon and I feel uneasy. Partly because of the hoddlums around but partly because of them. I know they've come to start a new life etc... I know their countries may be war torn etc... but there are other ways of helping them. Soon Britian won't be Britain anymore. Send them all to France. Let the French deal with them. They are a big enough country. That or at least make it a lot and I mean ALOT harder for them to get into this country.

 I agree; perhaps even invest more money into the school system so we can teach people, mainly Jackie, how to spell. That was a bit mean, bad day, sorry. Quite funny though.

 Me too, they ponce off us and do nothing for it! Half of them are fakes ne way! How bloody annoying! I think its deisgraceful the way our government lets them in! They should be concentrating in sorting this countrie out before starting on another!

 I think Nicki means illegalls, the ones who claim benefits and get given free housing. I'm in favour, kick them out.

 Hmm. Good question Max. I do not know the anwser to that but onoe good point about it is that at least when you go to foregin countries you get some great bargins. But also hopefully with the expenses of living here we shoudl be able to kick the immigrents out. Wohoo. I am not a happy bunny. I have been up since 4. I cannee sleep.

 Lol, i LOVE it!!! Where u get dat?

 urlLink

 I dunno why, but its screwed up for gawd sake!

 One of the reasons why everything seems so expensive, especaily compared to the USA, is because we earn so little... Average annual income in the United States of America: US$34,280 Average annual income in Japan: US$35,610 Average annual income in the United Kingdom: US$25,120 Bastards. I just watched a really good movie called 'Live From Baghdad' about the CNN news team in the first Gulf War; a really interesting and quite amazing movie, it's around on TV at the moment, look out for it, it's worth it. On the subject of Baghdad; Nicki, for my Christmas/birthday present got me The Baghdad Blog by Salam Pax, who wrote about the war from the city last year. I never read it online, but the book is great. Also I got a rather interesting book about the Matrix; my brain can't cope with too many books at one time, so I'll tell you more about it when I start reading it. So thanks Nicki! I'm going to find some ice cream, and perhaps eat it.

 This week's topic: Why is Britian so high priced? In France I see a little girl of about 9 go up to the counter and buy a pack of ciggies for what I worked out to be 1.15. Gap in america was cheap, I got one of my favourite polo necks from the store for only 2.50. Leather goods are so much cheaper as well. For example, I want to buy a new motherboard for my PC. The one I want costs 85 in England. In the SAME STORE, but in the USA, it is 55. Why???

 Yep, I'm home. Home home home. I've had a lovelly time, a good break to get away from the pressures that all of us have. If you want to hear all the boring details come and talk to me. So today, I went shopping. In London. I bought lots of things. urlLink Eddie Izzard - Sexie (DVD), very funny! urlLink Sugarcult - Start Static (album), very good! urlLink Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up (single), just because that song's cool. I also bought a nice pair of jeans for 20 reduced from 50 in Gap - not bad at all! The main thing I went in for I didn't get because it's "out of season", grrrrrr. When I want to buy something, I want to buy it now, not when it's sunny, you silly people. Still, I also bought urlLink Ministry of Sound Very Best of Chillout Sessions which is very relaxing. So now, I'm off to bed.

 Bored...

 Yay!

 Hey, cool Jo no problem. :) Understandable. Sounds you had lots of fun, coolio. Welcome back Tom. On Monday, person to post the next subject / question is Max .

 I'm bored... What to do?

 Happy new year! Ah, I gtg, Chinky....will blog later perhaps.

 Happy New Year everyone. I hope this year brings you all you wish for. I had a great day yesterday, thanks to those who made it to the cinema. Keep believing in those fairies!!

 Got to kick kid sout because they were letting fire crackers off in the store so Ritchie walked up and pointed to the door and said 'out' and they protsted so we booted them out. Woo. And Max can start off the subject thing again.

 nah, i'm good with who we got as long as they bloody blog! Oh and how come you got to kick kiddies out?

 Come one dudes please blog . Matt isn't and I can't be bothered to delete him. Maybe he'll blog now and then. Anyone else you guys wanna invite in?

 Well. There was snow at 9.30 this morning when I stumbled into work. Wearing my dumbass blue top. Ugh. Ha! We got to throw some kids out of the store. Rah.

 SNOW? Where? Lol We need more snow

 I can no do cinema because I saw everything over half term with Paul and plus I am saving so I can buy stuff on Thursday when I go shoping with Ben. But we should go in a huge group when this scary one comes out. :) Today I got work and then homework and tomorrow I got work (which will consist of trying to hide from those hwo do drama who will be at school and will be coming into see me, grrr) and after work I meeting Paul (hopefully I haven't quite asked him yet, LOL.) and will be wandering down to the park because I need to take pictures of the woods for textiles. Gah. And I don't wanna go down on my own so. Um. Yea. FFS, why is it snowing????

 I'm t-t-t-tired. CHARLIE SUCKS. He's offline. I beat him. How sad.

 no-one chatting anywhere... Really bored... Need some fun... Who wants to go to cinema this weekend?

 Matt said something along the lines of "Croydon is in Surrey". ;)

 Yes, What did matt say? And erm i live in south croydon, surrey, i dnt live in warlingham hamsey green or sanderstead! and my postcode is CR2 if that helps?

 What did Matt actually say?

 Taking a leaf out of Tom's mighty book I replace the word fuck or fucking with the word: cheese or cheesy. So ner Matt NEEEEEEEEEEEER. And ner ner ner to the rest of the cheesy world. And whoever creates the Strong Bad website should be cheesy well shot alongside cheesy Chaucer for not creating a characters page for the cheesy brilliant 'eh steve' who was introduced to me tonight by Benjamin. Woo go Ben. Now I am in a cheesy cheesed off mood for many a reason. In fact my stupid cheesy mood has made me have a go at Charlene for no real cheesy reason and now I feel cheesy well bad about it so sorry to anyone I have bitched to today my apologies. And I was going to write pages and more cheesy pages but to be honest I can cheesy well be cheesed.

 Croydon is a London Borough and is in the county of Surrey. Croydon is a town and so has a council. I live in Sanderstead, which is part of Croydon. Nicki lives in Hamsey Green, which is part of Croydon. Warlingham School is outside Croydon (by about 5 metres) and so is part of Surrey County Council. That is why we get Surrey ambulances at school and a mix of Surrey and MET police. However, northern Croydon stops being Surrey and is part of the county of London, although never written like that. The City of London is actually quite small and covers between Westminster Bridge and Tower Bridge (or there about). The Queen, for example, does not live in the City of London, but lives in London. The centre of London, such as Westminster and the City is very different. London then technically speaking becomes a county and Westminster is a City within London, hence the signs saying "City of Westminster". The towns around London, within Greater London, are part of the counties they are in, but the MET control the whole of Greater London. However, Thornton Heath, which is in Croydon, is in the Surrey part, but it has a London postcode: SE19. However, other parts of Thornton Heath are in the Surrey part of Croydon and have CR7 for their postcode. Most of Surrey has Croydon postcodes; those living in Warlingham and Caterham with CR6 will know. London Gatwick airport is quite far south in Surrey, but is London's second airport, with Heathrow being first. Gatwick is confusing because it spans Surrey and West Sussex - the airport being in the latter. There are also constituencies to worry about as well. Warlingham School is in Tandridge, with Croydon to the north and Mid Sussex to the south. This is how the governments look at their national statistics. However, the constituencies within that are broken down even more. I get BBC LDN for my local news, as I receive cable from Croydon and terrestrial from Crystal Palace (which is another town, although not very big, but is part of Croydon). People living in Tandridge should receive BBC South East as their local news but I do not think any of us live that far to reach that news. According the BBC and the office for National Statistics, Croydon is in London and Tandridge is in the South East. My address is officially: Sanderstead, South Croydon, Surrey because, on a map, that is exactly where I am. There.

 Croydon is covered by the met police. I agree. But then again I have an address saying "Croydon, Surrey" from my work experience. Its by thw Whitgift Centre. Surely can't be that not up-to-date can they?

 No Tom! Grr. LOL. MATT: Technically Croydon is still London you fool. The council works differently. Croydon used to be a part of Surrey but it isn't anymore. Yes I know on peoples addresses they say Surrey like mine does but that is because its on the border. Plus there is a road the same name as mine in Croydon itself so by putting Surrey they know which one. Croydon is a London Bourough, its South London. Just very very South. It is covered by the Met police, not the Surrey police.

 Lol Go Tom!

 Nicki said: No one better come into Woolies next weekend. If you do I will die of embarassment because we have to wear these crazy Finding Nemo T-Shirts. Ahhhh. they have segulls all over the front!!!!!! Well I know what I'm doing next weekend. Just need to get my camera...

 At least you wont have to dress up as a fish! Lol Nah im not doing that! Hehe And fish are cool! I just watched pirates of the carrabean, Very good film in fact... Also watched Underworld.. I like dat film as well

 Oh and Matt: BLOG.

 Woooooooo! I have been designated as the phone person at work!!! I am the person to promote our amazing new offer on "3" phones! From Monday you can buy a 300 phone from 3 for just 149.99 so long as your register itin our store! (I don't know how that works, we haven't been sent that infomation yet. LOL.) How was I chosen for this? Simply because I am the only person who can fit into the t-shirt. Woo! No one better come into Woolies next weekend. If you do I will die of embarassment because we have to wear these crazy Finding Nemo T-Shirts. Ahhhh. they have segulls all over the front!!!!!!

 So... Matt where are you? Are you being Naughty? Hehe Well, Exciting day today, I went to wrok and have done nothing, I have yet to do any work that was set for holidays so i guess i wont be on msn much tmor! Hehe I have got Chinese for dinner tonite! Ummm, Bye?

 I went to see 'Cheaper By The Dozen' last night with Paul. It was pretty good. Although I was annoyed with with the cleaners because they didn't finish cleaning until the trailers had started!!! Gah. And they didn't even clean that well. The film is pretty funny. Its good. School on Monday. Gaaaaaaaah. Who else is willing to protest and not got in? Not me. :( I have too much work I need to give back because its clogging up my room. Aaaaah. Matt - Jackie is right. If you don't blog at least once in a week I will kick you off. Lol. Harsh yes but keeps you blogging so: BLOG. :)

 I was all prepared for a nice lay in today but I was woken up at 9 to do some homework. Thank you parents. So I've spent the day doing homework and what is my 'well done nicki' for that? I'm allowed to go to the cinema with Paul tomorrow. With encouragement like that then woooooo! :)

 Um, Max! We are sooooooooo sorry! But you really need to get a phone! like really really really need to get one! And we did try and call you And Matt, You have to blog often or nicki threatens to kick you out of the blog!! Lol

 Hello Matt.

 And whoever created that Tesco application form needs to be fucking shot for making such a stupid questionnaire *RAGE* *RAGE* *RAGE* *RAGE* *RAGE*

 I'm not in the mood to blog. People suck.

 Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls let us give a proper El Bloggo invite to Matt! *silence* Wooo! the friendliness! Hey Matt all ya do is blog away!!!!!! Talk about what you wish and things. Most Mondays / Sundays someone posts a subject to discuss all week. There are a few basic rules which are: a) no blatant or however it is spelt promo for a website (cough david t cough) and b) no excessive swearing unless your in an incredibly evil / mad / depressed mood. Fair? I think so. Well the ball last night was fab. Jackie, Matt and Max, you sooooo should've come! It wasn't really valentines influenced at all in fact it was just like the leavers ball except it was on a boat and there wasn't as much food. But it was soo good. I got Dean to buy me a drink, go me. It was so fun. Paul looked so loverly :) Everyone looked so loverly. I went to bluewater today with Lisa and my rents. I got some new shoes! And a few other things so it was a sucessful day in all. Right now I am going to go and collaspe onto my bed after I have tided the chaos that is my room as it is in mayhem from getting ready yesterday. Rah.

 Niceeeee

 I'm drying my hair with a pink towel.

 hey all.... no idea what i'm meant to write! so... how is everyone?

 Lol, Some people have all the fun! Me- Sat at home like a computer geek and was on habbo all day... And someone else bloody blog Wot ya and paul did? And have fun at da ball

 My valentines day was great :) Paul is so loverly :) What did you all do today? I went to Toms this morning to work on the new DNP site which has been renamed. And then I went to Pauls house. Its cool. I am so looking forward to the ball tomorrow!!!!!!!!

 Valentines day... :( I got nothing!

 Whoop

 Happy Valentines day everyone!! I should be going to the cinema with Paul later but when I checked my hours for tomorrow I found that I am working from 8.30 and I may be working all day until 5.30 so ahhhh that means we'll have to refigure our plan. Gah. Hope you all have a good day, half term now so at least we can chill out. A bit. I have a riduclus amount of work to be doing. Ack. Matt has been invited to join us.

 Fine with me.

 yes!

 I feel that having 6 people would be too crazy if everyone were to be posting. It would be too much to catch up. I think that 5 people are enough. For now anyway. I don't think there is any need to make people apply seeing as this is just a blog as has been pointed out. Looks like its going to be Matt is everyone ok with that?

 :o Wow

 Well we did use to have six people, so I don't see why not. Blogger will actually support an unlimited number of users.

 Ummmm, Well if you ask me interviewing them is stoopid, its only a blog not a major essay comp or ne tihng lke dat! Don't we have room for 2 more peeps to join?

 I don't think this is a good way to do it. I think we should interview them to see why they should deserve to join.

 Matt. No offense to anyone else listed.

 Oi Tom and Max. Give us ya votes nooooooow.

 I know, I know I'm too Cool For School! Lol No-one else is blogging! Blog you idiots!

 Cool. So the nominations are: Matt Doe Ben Anyone else? Btw Jackie is soooooooo cool. She brought me a dog on habbo! Wooooo!

 Okay, It has to be someone that comes on the internet regulary! Ummmm, Matt? I would say Darrne, But Nah, He smells. You could add Paul, But i dont think so, cause u mite write sum stuff we dont wanna know about ;) ;) Adding Laura Doe could be fun? Maybe? How about Ben? There we go there are my contributuions on who could be added!

 Nice one Tom. I like it. I like it alot. :) English exam yesterday went horribly wrong. I hate all my subjects except for textiles. lol. I watched Veritas: The Quest last night on the Sci Fi channel and its such a good program. Wooo. I learned alot geology wise because its all about taht kinda thing. lol. Bit late now though. At the end of the day once I am back from work I will be removing Jo from the member list unless she blogs so lets think up the next person to invite to join our blogging. Its up to you three so lets hear your ideas. Now that exams are over we can carry on with the weekly debate type o thing so Tom you may post Mondays question / subject.

 I've done one exam this week. Technicaly two if you count general studies, but that doesn't really count. It was ICT and my hand got tired from writing, so combined with the fact that we walked into the exam blind having never seen an ICT AS paper I think I did pretty well; D if I'm lucky. Yay... On to happy times. Look what arrived today! Yay! I can listen to my tunes all day long.

 Aww sorry Jackie :( But then again mocks are there to fail? Better now than later... I have English today. Feedback from yesterdays english from Paul and Lisa etc.. hasn't been too good. Ahh. I went shopping yesterday in Croydon with James. It was a good giggle that. I manged to out eat him and his McFlurry. He couldn't hack it. Loser. Lol. Joking, joking. I got what I needed to get and so did James so I'm all set for Vday. Silly me, I was about to write on here what I had got for Paul until I remembered he reads this sometimes so phew, close one! Good luck with exams today folks!!

 Erm All my exams so far have been shit! So yay I've failed tham all One more to go...

 How are all the exams going? Textiles today: woooooooooooooooo! I kicked some ass!!!!!

 Hold the S because I am an ain't. You wanted perfect, you got your perfect, now I'm too perfect for someone like you. You said I tasted famous so I drew you a heart now I'm not an artist I'm a fucking work of art. :p No exams for me today but I was in school all day doing textiles ready for my 5 hour exam tomorrow. Wopeeeeee.

 Well, Today is the day of my DREADED test- Psychology I know i am gonna fail and there is no point me giong oh ill do fine, cause i know for a fact i wont! I havent revised yet, although i hope to do some later after i have finished this bloody coursework i been doing for about 3 months now! It was meant to be in yesterday but who cares he aint getting it till today! Or maybe tmor! Depends what i feel like! Hehe. Um , tmor i got the day off school so i will be revsiing for my P.e test as there is soooooo much to remeber! But i wont be dailing that one! Any way i written too much crap now so ill be offf! Bye bye! Oh and if this looks wierd its cause im touch typing! Hehe

 Ok fair dos Max. Work was allright today. Not too busy. Couldn't get any stock out because Debbie was sorting out stock room so we were all on entertainment today. Poor Lora couldn't talk, my throat is starting to feel slightly sore I'm dreading the thought that both my parents and my sister have really bad colds so when theirs are gone I am bound to get all 3 at once. Gah. Lucky me.

 I don't think Jo still comes on, Well fuck her if she feels like dat! Not our fault we dont like being put down is it! Grrrrrrrrrrr

 I'm not on strike. I've just had nothing to blog about.

 Well yay you Jackie :) Tom, Jo and Max - if you have not blogged by Friday I will be removing you and adding new people in. I know our mocks are next week so I give benefit of the doubt but come on dudes, a blog once in a while isn't to much.

 Well sorry, i kinda forgot about the blog.... just remebered about it now! Sorry but i havent got much to blog about But scott is annoying me and he takes everything so god damn seriously!

 I think you should invite as many people as possible and see which people stand out and actually write something; so what if it's a frenzy of crazy stuff, it will be quite a contrast. I don't like Rousseau, I think he's a bit of a ponce. And he's French, which doesn't help.

 Ok so this blog is really starting lag. Now I think it would be a good idea to add someone else in so please give me your suggestions and please blog. Here is a statement I have found: Man is born free but is everywhere in chains. [Jean-Jacques Rousseau] Can you explain what Rousseau is saying here?

 Afternoon ya'll. Yes Thorpe Park was excellent, good picture and I will have good pictures when I get my camera done. Aham, Jackie and the bunny.... :p It would've been better if Paul had been there :( but it was still good :) I've just spent 9.30AM til 1.30PM sitting on the front till. Wow. Mind blowing. AAAAAAAAH.

 Wooooooooo It was soooooooooo good!

 YAYness!

 I have seven pot noodles downstairs in the cupboard. Just about to eat one. Looking forward to Thorpe Park on Friday, gonna be soooo good! :D

 (For your amusement replacing fuck or fucking with hot dog or hot dogging) Yes Jackie, I agree. Hot dog homework. Hot dog sixth form. (the teachers are hot dogging gaaaaay) Hot dog jobs. Hot dog life. But don't hot dog Thorpe Park because I am really looking forward to that unless it is pouring down with rain. But then again I won't really hot dogging care. Nice to see you back at sixth form Tom.

 Cause people are GAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY :P Sorry bout that, fwlt like saying the word gay! Anyway, Whoop Nothing to do... Should be doing Homework but fk it i say! :D

 I know, lets discuss the great Britsh public. Why is it that the day when your all supposed to be home faffing around your mother, giving her presents etc... that instead the Britsh all come out to Woolworths? Why is it that people don't buy cards or presents until the day they are needed? Why is it that everyone is buying their mother either Calendar Girls or Love Actually?? Seriously! We'vce sold like 10 copies of LA today already!!!!!!! Aaaah!!! The thing that is most insane about today is that our old manager Pam booked Charlene and Dean a day off today. They are both off. Leaving us with 4 people in house until 2 when Lora goes. Leaving us with 3. 3 people. 2 people to work 3 tills which we refuse to do because you need at least noe person running around when needed but at the same time we have to do the charts etc... AAAAAAAAAAH.

 I smell?

 :o Nicki Smells :D

 Aww well in that case I hope your feeling better soon Tom!! Jackie, slight set back about Thorpe Park but I shall talk to you about it on msn or something later.

 He said he wasn't feeling too well the other day on MSN. He hasn't been on MSN since. Conclusion Tom has been dragged away my Miss Cutting to do her work.

 Haven't seen Tom at sixth form. Are you at sixth form? Or have you been eaten by a wabbit? Bloody msn won't work. I'm tired as well. I have lots of work. Don't want to do it. Can't be bothered to do it. Got to do it.

 God, I am sooooo Tired, But still have so much work to do, Sorry if i dont post much, I'm too tired recently

 That means i'm going to live forever *evil grin*

 No no no! Don't be sorry for being happy!!!!!!! I was merely stating what I stated. Here's a question for you all. Why is it that the good people die?

 No it isnt... Sorry im just happy cause i have got lots of trampolining things up and coming!

 Death... Isn't Cool.

 Trampolining... Is Cool

 I have some statements I would like to make before I go to work: 1) Thorpe Park bloody rocks!! 2) Paul is fab. 3) BLOG. 4) Pikeys with stolen credit cards are gay. 5) My cats are stupid. 6) Being woken up at 5 in the morning by the cats is not a good thing. 7) Never eat ham and beetroot sandwiches. 8) Paul is loverly. 9) Jackie rules. 10) fuck I am late for work.

 Well, I did Katare Last night! Today i worked this morning, Now i gotta get pre orders for Love Actually.. Any offers? Tommorrow I'm taking part in a trampolining display up at De Stafford school, So that should be fun! And Nicki i got good news to tell ya!

 When things like this happen it makes you question humanity. And its a shame. It does need to stop. Completely. But it won't. I am going to Spain in roughly 3 weeks. I hope everything is OK. I have a dent in my head above my eye from where I hit my head on the corner of the corner seat yesterday. Grrr. Then i had to go to work. To do the delivery. But it didn't even turn up. Which is good because that means not much work this weekend. Hehe. But it meant I kinda wasted 2 hours (paid though) when I could've gone and joined in with the quiz night. Grr. Fine.

 I am just disgusted. I can't express with words what my family and I feel today. My condolences to the families of the people that today said goodbye for the last time. God bless you. Nuria, Alcal de Henares, Madrid, Spain I would like to send my condolences to all family's victims. I'll pray for them tonight. God bless them. talo Cavalcanti, Fortaleza, Brazil I can't believe it! All this horror! For what? When will it end? Jonathon Tong, Madrid, Spain Has anyone realised that the bomb blast in Madrid was on the 11th March, six months from 11th September. Is it coincidence, or perhaps a deliberate plan on the part of the terrorists? Julie Oswald, Northumberland As a person who grew up and lives in NYC, I wanted to let the people of Madrid, Spain to know that our prayers are with them. Dennis Lee, New York, USA My son age 16 called from Alcala De Henares to say he was ok. He is on a trip with 7 other students studying at the international school there for 2 weeks from Texas. Our small town in Texas sends our sympathy and our prayers for all the people and country of Spain. My son said it is a horrible tragedy like our 9/11 was to our country. We may be from different countries but we are all family created by our father. We are mourning now with you Spain. Lynda Pohl, Belton, Texas U.S.A. We just want peace and justice. Diego, Madrid, Spain urlLink Read more

 Fill that form in MAX!!!! Hehe you can do it when you B and Q it

 It's taken me well over a week to fill in a single application form. I'm still doing it. I have a task list at the moment. Eight tasks. And i'm going to attempt to do it all today. :S

 Yes i have new shoes... And im bored

 This is starting to turn into a one person blog.... :( How do you think the music issue is coming along then? I thought yesterday lunch was quite funny with yet another fight which consisted of Bradley v me, Eddie and Colette. It was funny mainly becauise their argument consists of 'fuck off'. Nice. I had the best lunch today. I spent the whole hour cuddling Paul and it was so nice. :) Jackie has new shoes!!!!!

 Matt has officially been removed now from this blog and I reckon at least 5 people would be better than 4 as not everyone blogs that much if you see what I mean so again if you have anyone you would like to join this nominate them. I ust got in from work and I am sooo tired. I ache all over because I've been doing delivery today and its all very heavy. VERY heavy. Tomorrow I'm doing full day then 2 nights during the week. I would say gah but I actually volunteered for extra hours. Next Saturday I have swapped shifts so I'm working afternoon so I get a lie in. Woo! I feel so bad when I moan about feeling tired after a 4 hour shift. Well, 4 and half. Especially when people like Paul work all day! Like proper all day. Awww. I see Paul tomorrow. Wooo! :P

 Wooooooo! Discussion! People blogging! Wooooo!!! Well I'll admitit, at teh begining of the year I really didn't mind Joe putting his CD's on, i didn't mind listening to kiss all day. I admit some of the songs were good. Even got my feet tapping away but now I'm totally against it all mainly because of the way its been handled. I wouldn't mind Joe putting his CD's on if he asked everyone first 'Does anyone mind if I change the CD?' or if he waited for the actual CD to finish but he doesn't. He just goes and turns it off whenever he pleases, like its HIS stereo and it isn't. Its everyones. I know poeple have different tastes, lok at my CD collection. I own a bit of everything. Pop, Rock, RnB, Soundtracks, Jazz atc... I don't mind what we listen to I just wish it was dealt with in a better way. But I agree, the best solutionis simply no stereo at all. When they took it away for a week the common room was so much better. You could hear yourself think, you could have conversation with people without shouting and no one got wound up for people changing the CD or radio station. Yes, I vote too, Get rid of the CD player . If people want to listen to stuff they can bring in their own personal stereos. I saw the drama plays last night. WOW. I am so proud of everyone who was in them :) Only thing that annoyed me slightly was that they decided to tell me as we were all leaving that I was invited to Pizza Express with them as the drama group were going. Grrr. Tell me a few days before and I can get money. Tell me five minutes before and gah. Ah well. That doesn't matter anyway, the plays were sooo good and I would say more but I have to go to work so byeee.

 Good idea. Flog it along with the other 2 broken stereo's and get some money to pay for quicker machine refills.

 I agree with Jackie; nobody really listens to it anyway, and most people have their own music anyway - it just causes problems. I think we should get rid of it, the atmosphere is always much more pleasant without it.

 Hm, I will listen to practically anything... But especailly Justin Timberlake! Tee Hee Joe's music to me is okay, but i dont want to listen to it everyday, the same goes for the kinda stuff the grungers listen to. I prefer pop type songs or ones with beats and lyrics, such as songs from blue, westlife, ect The problem is easy, get rid of the stereo, if someone wants to listen to music, play it in a personal player ect... simple

 My tastes in music vary, but only slightly. I like all kinds of 'rock'. Yes, it is classified under 'rock', but there are different styles like 'classic rock' (e.g. Beatles), nu-metal (Rage against the machine), Hard rock (e.g. Guns N Roses), progressive rock (Pink Floyd). I also like quite a bit of 80's stuff, including classic 80's pop tracks. Now, the common room......I reckon the days should be spilt over the two weeks and divided into 'sections'. One music 'style' should be played per day. One being Kiss radio, one being rock that the majority of the grungers like, and the other 'defined' styles like Rap, House, Garage, Living room, utility room, bedroom, front porch, larder storage, or whatever other music like that there is. Splitting is the only fair way to control both sides. By me saying 'both sides' I mean Joe vs. Simon/Charlie vs. Rest of 6th form. (using as an example because they have two completely different music tastes). Also. What struck me is....that music that is always being played gets turned off or changed. For example, that Pokemon song, nobody turned it off and it has been played three times that I have heard. I reckon nobody turned it off because it was a CHANGE. Something that nobody has heard for ages.

 I like music. I enjoy listening to all music, considering the differences and appreciating the different styles around the world and in all the cultures. This is something which most people really cannot do as they live in their shallow world of only listening to one style of music, which quite frankly, bores me to tears. My brother and Paul have this habit in the mornings, getting ready to go to school, of only listening to rock, and if it is not rock or a song that they have not heard before or is not to there usual taste, will straight away change the channel. At all costs, they will watch Kerrang! or Q. If a song, for example like this morning, came on by Oasis then thats not rock enough for David and Paul so they want to watch something else. Both of them call all other styles of music crap, rubbish or just bad. It is not bad music at all, they just live in a shallow world. How about listening to new music rather than sitting in your shallow musical worlds and listen to the other music out there? I do enjoy rock, I really have no problem with it, its one of my favourite styles, but I also enjoy all other types of music. This kind of behaviour is very similar to Joe, he enjoys his particular type music; however Joe expresses it in the different manner: by inflicting it on the rest of the 6th form who really, do not care for it at all. I do not mind listening to Kiss (being the most popular in the common room), they play some good songs that obviously Virgin would never play. Most people seem to be happy, everybody has their personal favourite, but as far as pleasing as many as possible a combination of Kiss and Capital, with Virgin after school, seems to be fine. However, Joes music is where urlLink music , defined as urlLink an artistic form of auditory communication incorporating instrumental or vocal tones in a structured and continuous manner stops being music. His music gives me head aches, he always plays the same songs, and he doesnt give a flying fuck about what anybody else thinks. The continuous beats with some bloke who probably mugged some kid on the way to record the song. Joe does not even buy the songs; all those CDs are burnt and obviously the songs have been stolen through the Internet. If you support and enjoy music, buy the bloody song. Tomorrow I am going to buy the Britney Spears single Toxic. Why? I like the song, it has a fabulous violin part, which is ringing around in my head, it has interesting lyrics, to me it is a good song, just like when I bought Shut Up by The Black Eyed Peas. If any of you think buying either of them is sad, pathetic, stupid, silly or whatever - you can go fuck yourself. I enjoy listening to all kinds of music and deciding on what I want to listen to, not what an industry wants me to listen to or sitting in a shallow world of a mono-style.

 So. This is an interesting conversation. . . . Um yea so I went Croydon with Ben to give advice on presents he was buying. We had dinner at Pizza Hut which was cool. We had a giggle. Er what else. Um. Just had a wicked shower. Nice and waaaarm which was cool. Lol. Um, I miss Paul :( Lots of mayhem going on on msn atm. I should really go do some work. Gah. I am now working all day Sunday and probably some evenings after school next week. Most evenings actually. Which is good because of money and this time if I am knackered or whatever I'm just not going to moan because it annoys people so. Yea. Good advice dudes: Listen to your heart. Yea. Um seeing as no one is really blogging I'll post a subject thingy for now in case someone wants something specific to blog about: The music problem in the common room

 Just to clarify I spent most of yesterday having a go at most people so don't feel hard done by. Yea I know you have work, so does everyone else but it only takes a few minutes to write a few lines. And both of you type fast so, um, yea. But anyway. I have noticed that on tusedays when Paul is at work I actually come home and get on with work rather than sitting on msn until he comes on. LOL. So now I have nearly finished a wall hanging. Only 2 things left to finish for textiles which I should be able to do by Friday. But now I have about 3/4 pieces for art to finish so, um, pants.

 hello, im here nothing to chat bout...

 Lol Tom we aint having a go at you, its just you never seem to blog, A few words wud do! And Matt has left the blog before he has begun, Nicki just hasnt deleted him

 Oh yes, let's have a go at Tom, he never blogs; but let's never compain about Matt who has blogged a masive total of once. If you must know, I'm very busy at the moment trying get some marks on my coursework. Not extra marks; marks so I can actually pass the bloody things.

 Just because im online doesn't mean i'm not doing things. You don't know what goes on in my life behind the name of Max eMac Fund: 322 of 756 - November Rain (http://www.maxpayne.co.uk) so please don't have a go at me. Nicki knows the reasons why im not blogging why I should. I've told her and I've requested something to be done about it. It isnt my fault. Other than I have blisters on the back of both feet from walking home all the time, i'm whoop-de-doo. Seriosuly. The parents have stolen the computer room, meaning I am downgraded to the 400Mhz laptop. Pathetic. I need my own PC for my room. One that I can modify and build to my own specification without anybody hindering me in the process.

 Oh for fucks sake. Re-reading that it sounds like I am having a go at Paul for staying late. I'm not. Just better clarify that point. I'm not. Ahhhhhhhh I wanna go beat someone. Ooo lets get Joe the flannelt wearer! He is really starting to pee me off. What a man bitch. Lets give him a bitch slap. I have decided I want a mini. A proper nice mini, I want some mini adventures. I have also decided that I can't be arsed to be unhappy anymore while actually at school because it just pisses everyone else off so I will be 'happy' and I won't annoy you all, that much. I say that much because I am sure I will annoy you at some point for some reasons and oh my gosh Tom is strong he can pick me up and carry me. He carried me across the common room earlier. So did Rudland. I was amazed. But enough of that. BRB I got chocolate to go get. . . . . . . . . . . . Ok I'mback and now I am eating chocolate which I shouldn't because eating chocolate makes you insanely fat. Well not you, me. I once wanted to be a model. Pah. Good dream that was. You gotta be thin to do that. Fucking bloody quality street. I mean what a total rip off. They are tiny now. Not the good nice big one we used to get. Now they are tiny. Little fuckers. I want the YMCA on cd because I want to go cheer myself up but I can't because I don't have it on CD and nor do I have Buttercup on cd and I can't be bothered to do much else except moan on here so you can put up with it. Actually I can't even be bothered to moan now. I think I'm gonna go sit on msn and annoy whoever is online. Lets have a look.. Lisa. Nah I won't annoy her. Max. Oi Max blog biatch. Ant. Hmmm. I haven't spoken to him in a while. Maybe. Jason. Nah don't speak to him much. Jane. Nah. Although she is fun to annoy. Charlie. No I like Charlie. Me. No I won't annoy myself oh wait too late already have. Eddie. Nah. Too much effort that. Lora. Nah. an no one else is online because THEY ARE ALL DOING DRAMA. I really want to watch the Sound Of Music but my sister has the video so ahh. Maybe i will go watch Sister Act 2? Who knows?? Or maybe I will just sit here and FUME.

 Yesh, Listne to Nicki, BLOG

 ARRRRRRGH. Look people do you think you can blog? Otherwise there really is no point in this. I get the impression Tom you aren't happy now that Jo has gone because you blog like NEVER. And Max: your like online all the bloody time so just fucking blog. Am I in a good mood? NO I AM FUCKING WELL NOT. Its fucking freezing and I have been at school until 5 mins ago waiting for Paul who is STILL in drama and yes fine reherse but i have been there since fucking 3.35!!!!!! And now I am incredibly pissed off because I spent the last like half hour waiting as on actually waiting. Doing NOTHING. I had no homework left to do or anything and its just like ahhh. Why I am always waiting for other people?? This isn't directed at anyone, I just don't get why I am the one always waiting for people, waiting for everyone else Ack. And I haven't seen Paul today hardly. Lunch he was doing some prefect thing and then now hes still in drama so argh. So I am not impressed and I just want to see him but apparently not. So wopee. So tomorrow I think I may just sleep all of fucking lunch. Sorry for my language but I'm pissed off at many many things. Have a good evening.

 I feel a tad indifferent at the moment. As if nothing really matters that much. Everything I do, how much of a difference does it make?

 At least Ms Shar isn't your form tutor... I have yet to get a motto, Can't be bothered to think of one to be honest.

 Hi everyone, another exausting and fairly stressful week comes to a close. This week for me has contained good and bad days, so overall it was a boreing week, lots of reminders to do things i should have done 5 weeks ago. Is it me or is every teacher in the school currently having a go at 6th form classes??? Grrrrrr makes me angry, and then this morning i walk into school and who is waiting for me at the door, that lovly lady, Miss SHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just waiting to pounce on me and have a go for missing her lesson, grrrr. Anyway a nice long weekend to follow. I want to propose a rule that no one does any school related work on bank holiday Monday? anyone with me? Well i am sorry this isnt very exciting today, talk to you all soon, have a briliant long weekend. Oh the life moto thing, 'Expect the best, but prepare for the worst' Dave

 Dream Job: Self-employed computer engineer with a reasonable workload, earning enough money to live on and get what I want. Why? Good at PC repair/maintenance. Its a hobby for me as well as a job.

 My future is a blur.

 Yay Max. Yay everyone. What is your dream job and why?

 If you want a job done properly, do it yourself. I would never let my Dad perform maintenance on these PC's, as he would bugger it up before you can say 'cheese'. A massive W00T because Waitrose have kept me on file from January when I applied, and they are now recruiting and have chosen me and a few other people to attend an interview on Saturday at 2:30. Have yet another computer upgrade request from a girl called Eolie in year 11. Another w00t. Selling my AIO printer for 30. W00t again. The course I want to take at university will be one of: (BSc) Computer Architecture And Design (BSc) Computer Systems Engineering (BSc) Computer Systems Sometimes they are Hons, sometimes they are not. Pff.

 You're born, and then you die. Anything in the middle is a bonus.

 I don't really have a motto, and anything I do tend to say a lot, I usually steal ou of songs. Just general inspiring things. Here's one of my favourites. Its more a speech really, but I love it: "Everyday a man wakes up And everyday a man tries to pour himself a cup of coffee, And take a good long hard look in the mirror. Sometimes what he sees in that mirror he doesn't like, And sometimes what he sees makes him angry, and sometime what he sees makes him sad. Sometimes what he sees is himself And that dissapointment just gets into you and rips you out, Little be little, piece by piece. And sometimes you can just lay down You can just play the game You can take the cards that they deal you And you can just pretend it's all over... ....BUT NOT ME"

 I know your all busy but could you guys do a quick post please. Thanks. What is your motto and why? Mine is 'it's never as bad as being shot in the neck, unless you have been shot in the neck'. Why? Because I watched a program and it showed someone as they were and then after they had been shot in the neck and it is horrid. You take a while to die, they can't save you (depending where bullet is but higher percentage of not saving), and you die a slow death by drowning in your own blood. It's horrid so it can't be as bad as that. What about you all?

 Yes the film was brilliant. Got lots of ourseowrk to finish tonight, Then I'm left with 2 peices to do... Ahh the joys of school work.

 Saw The Butterfly Effect last night. Good film. Disturbing but good. Other than that all I got to say is: AHHHHHHHHHH TWO WEEKS UNTIL MY TEXTILES EXAM AHHHHHHHHHH HELP ME SAVE ME NOW AHHHHHHHHHHHH PLEASE AHHHHHHHHHHHH TWO WEEKS AHHHHHHHHHH

 Hello, been undesirably busy for the last few days, so no posts, sorry I have just read whats been going on latly and 'ooooooooooooooooooooooo' nicki and tom, please calm down before one of us dies. Right well its nice to know your all dealing with all this 'pre-exam stress' as well as me, and are as on top of all the work. I have been fairly busy, last week genrally was not good, you could even say it was bad. saturday i spent the whole day i ,mean like 14 hours solidly building my electronics project. GOOD LORD WHY DID I TAKE ELECTRONICS. and today sunday, i spent at AMF partly to see my mate, mainly to attend my cousins birthday party (she is 5) that was all very good fun, and while i was there i broke my current ten pin bowling top score (which now stands at 141) (without barriers) as if any of you actually care! Anyway i have to sleep now, another great day of school to dream about tommrow. Talk to you all soon. Dave

 Welcome to my world.

 Well actually Tom, that isn't the course at that uni I was looking. And I do need to do a foundation course because that if how you build up a decent portfolio and please stop trying to tell me I'm wrong. I am quite happy with the way I am handling it, I have spoken to my art teacher and she actually said do the foundation course because you get to experience new arts and stuff. If you say any more about it without me asking you do you know this or do you know that I'm gonna get really annoyed even though I already am quite annoyed because I don't appreciate people telling me me own ideas especially when you don't even want to do fashion design or something along those lines I think I would know a little more about the fashion courses. Sorry if that sounds rude but this term I am very pissed off at people copying my ideas and trying to tell me what to do. I am my own person you know. I can do stuff myself without people telling me or then copying me.

 urlLink BA (Hons) Fashion Design Entry requirements: A good portfolio plus one of the following: Successful completion of a foundation course in art and design together with five GCSE passes at grade C or above. A merit profile at BTEC National Diploma level in a relevant subject together with five GCSE passes at grade C or above. 240 points at A/AS and/or Vocational Advanced level qualification. Candidates will normally have successfully completed two 6-unit qualifications or an appropriate 12-unit Vocational Advanced qualification (AVCE). The School does not usually accept General Studies as a qualification. Equivalent qualifications or experience. As you can see Nicki, you don't need to do a foundation course.

 Its quite short and its denim, I'm only wearing it if its still warm.. Cause I have just taken it off cause I was getting cold.... ( I was getting used to wearing it)

 Actually Tom I do need to do a foundation. I have looked at the courses I want and they all require a portfolio and a foundation dipolma thing some of which the unis actually allow you to do there and then go on to the course so actually Tom for me personally it is not optional and when I asked them about it they said you could apply without a portfolio but you'd have a much better chance of getting in with one seeing as one of the courses only has 45 places on it so yes, I do need a foundation course and portfolio. I can't even remember what the unis are. Only one I can remember is Nottingham Trent uni. Cool Jackie I was planning on wearing a skirt as well!!! Lol. So hey we can be skirt buddies? lol. What skirt is it? Short skirt? Long skirt? Denim?

 Well today was fun, and hot. I brought a skirt. I will wear it tmor to the cinema.

 You don't need to do a foundation Nicki, it is optional. Which universities do you like at the moment then?

 Er right Tom... No problem Paul :p Max, you deserved it. The Butterfly Effect , sunday, films starts at 6.00. See you in the screen if you wish you come. So I got the weekend off. Yay! I spent today cleaning my room and looking through the "propecti" (LOL). Gah. If I choose to do an art or fashion course I have to do a foundation diploma degree thingy. Which is good because I'll have an extra qualification but still. Gah.

 Haha! Tom. Paul harassed me on the coach because Andy told me to sit on the back seats. ffs. I'm off to play CounterStrike, haven't played in a few days.

 Awww, Paul had his first period.

 Well, I've been having a pretty shitty week, I apologise if I've annoyed anyone at all during the course of it. Don't wanna clog up your guys blog with too much sentimental stuff, but I can honestly say that if it wasn't for Nicki, I dunno if I'd have been able to make it through this week, so thank you :)

 Sounds like fun... Tonight I am going to karate, then I am going to the cinema to see The Girl Next Door. Tmor I am working in the morning, then I should be doing some other courseowrk Sunday, hopefully cineam again! :D

 Yay well done Jackie. I am please I have this weekend off so will probably be organising cinema for Sunday evening to see 'The Butterfly Effect' so if you can come I'll send out an email or something. How has everyone's week been? First week back of our last term? Ahhh! Mines been kinda ok but also kinda gah. I'm annoyed we have vending machines atm, I want some food as I am still at school "doing some work in the computer lab". lol. Have a good weekend.

 I finally finished one peice of coursework. It's not very good, but hopefully i can have it back to improve! :D

 We are? Um, good? Uni trip was amusing today. I guess most of us will know how helpful it has been once we look through the prospecti as Swannich called them. Was silly though, should give us proper bags not flimsy plastic ones. Um I don't really have much interesting news for you today. Sorry.

 We are getting new vending machines. Yay!

 So. Life. Bit sucky? Just a bit. Life. Lil bit stressful? Just a bit. Life. Worth living? Worth a try. Life. Pretty hard? Sure is. Life. So Tom and Paul met the micro tank this morning. Its pretty crazy. Was pondering buying one myself and bringing it to school as stress exam relief. Could work could work. So the vending machines are sold out and don't work. Thats like not good.

 OOO, KMET Hardware is slowly picking up! I placed an advert on the Yellow Pages website. That might do something. I have work! Fix Andy's Computer Fix PC ex.VAT Quote for Eliot Fix Andy's Dad's Friend's computer A big W00T!!! And those CHEATERS on CounterStrike really piss me off. I mean a single headshot from a Desert Eagle 50m away? WTF is that about.

 Hi, Tom - i can tell you the three digit firgure was over 100. Nicki - in order to lay this whole gay thing to rest, i think we can come to the aggreement that the use of the word is wrong, when in the context of a way of describing something which is bad. My day has been pretty depressing compared to the great holiday, but thats life. Hopefully tommrow will be better. talk to you all soon Dave

 Dave's 3 digit figure: 9.99

 The word AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH springs to mind. Now I believe I have mentioned the fact that my computer died and wiped all my work off including work shadowing letters? Well. The printer wasn'tworking this morning so I stayed after school to write the letter on the comps there but of course all our passwords were changed to numbers and I don't know my number so I couldn't get in so I am attempting to write it now but my computer is being very tempermental so lets beat it up. Yuss!

 Hmmm... The work i was doing last night, I have now found out did NOT have to be finished, so now I am majorly pissed off.. I have now got 4 fucking pieces of fucking coursework to be finished by the end of next week. So I probably won't be talking much on msn. Today was crap, I want the summer holidays to come! And I wish them bloody kids would stop setting the fire alarm off.

 BTW Jackie: well done for the long posts. Yay! Money wise it's 2.40 but just call it 2 if you wish. Tom: Hi. Paul: Hi :p Dave: well just replied in my post prior.

 This whole 'gay' thing. I get pissed off when people say it as well, I know lots of gay people, some get annoyed others don't. I don't mean to offend anyone but I've given up pointing out exactly what you point out because no one listens and no one stops saying it. Its not as if I sit there and actually mean the computer is homosexual. Blame it on the society we live in today. Everyone says 'proper good' and 'gay' as general terms now. I really don't think people are out to annoy you. So sorry for saying it but my computer really is the most annoyinly bitch ever. IT NOW TURNS ITSELF ON RANDOMLY. WTF is up with that???? So bad to start to a worse day. I couldn't find half my book sthis morning and paniced. Wooooooooo! I have a full days of lessons today, I am supposed to bring all my stuff in but to frank with you I cannot physically carry 3 folders, 3 sketch boks and about a hundred other random books in because I will DIE.

 Hi, Its late, and i am not gonna write a full essay. a couple of things i would like to bring up. Paul - If you wanna argue about it, then we will arrange to meet up some time and i will quiet happily go into it further. Crispy - i put on 3 pound, and my dad put on 4! Today i went to work on some lights at AMF, i have just finished typing their invoice which (i cant say the amount online) but i have made a 3 digit figure, lump sum out of my work there, and i am very happy. After i finished there i went to waynes and spent some time with him, fixed a computer came home, typed stuff for AMF. Looking forward to school which starts in 8 hours from now!!! Brilliant stuff. Talk to you all soon. Dave

 Dave- calling something gay is really no different from calling someone a bastard... it doesn't mean that they are really an illegitimately born child does it? And I'm sure people who were really born when their parents weren't married aren't gonna take offence at the term

 Well I should of gone into school today to hand in coursework. But considering I haven't finished it I thought I better not. I will finish it today and hand it in tomorrow. She can't get that angry at me because I know some people arn't handing it in until tomorrow anyway. I have got to babysit tonight which means an extra 5 to spend, Although I just remebered I owe Nicki 2 or 3. As she brought me a train ticket and I never paid her the full ammount back. I had a huge fright this morning because my mum phoned from work saying are you sure you haven't got school. Now I was thinking that the teacher I was seeing today had phoned up, but in fact all it was, was that when my mum drove to work she saw all of the cars in the school car park. Forrtuantly I told her all the teachers had to go in, so the scare was avoided. To david- I wonder whether you put on any weight? And also what did you spend your winnings on? I hope it was something for me. Wow, I can't beleive I am making such huge posts recently! Maybe it's because I am putting off doing work if I type long things?

 Just an update on my WEIGHT WATCHERS competition. On a typical day where i am ment to eat 18 points, i managed to eat 101. And although i feel ill, it has all stayed in. Off tommrow to spend my winnings Dave

 Hi everyone, After having a great time reading your posts I have a few comments to make, One - Nicki - Computers are as of yet mechanical devices, they do (supposedly) what we tell them to, there is no way in the world that your computer or any other computer could be homosexual. I get fairly pissed off when everyone uses gay as a term for something people don't like, WHY DO IT. I know loads of gay people, and i know it offends some of them, and I don't think its fair. (sorry if it seems like I am having a go, don't mean to) Two - Paul (and anyone else who don't know) - I do now have a girlfriend (believe it or not) She is called Becky Aspland, I have been with her for about a week, she goes to Archbishop Tennisons, is nice, what else can I say? Ok now on to my day, my plan for today was to get up early sort out the 100000000 hours worth of coursework I had to do and sort out my life, a very time consuming activity. However as life is life, things didn't go to plan, not at all. I got up at 10:30 sort early compared to 2pm. So instead of doing work I played Transport Tycoon, Then I decided I should eat (here's the start of the most stupid thing I have done for ages) My mum decided she would make me and my dad a fry up, we had too much bacon (I don't know why?) so she gave me and my dad 5 'bits' each, as we ate it we talked about weight watchers (which my mum does) we discovered that me and my dad would only be able to eat 18 points each day, my mum worked out how many would be in our breakfasts, and then we decided to keep a track of everything we ate today, this stupidly soon turned into a competition, however not who could stick to 18 but who could eat the most points during today. Well this has got really out of hand, we are both nearly throwing up at each move we make but are still eating to try and win the massive 1 reward. ITS VERY SILLY DON'T DO IT. Anyway now I am watching 'what lies beneath' actually I am not I am watching, my brother watching 'what lies beneath' (he is scared!!!!!!!) Anyway have got to go prepare my equipment for tomorrows, low work, high pay, work at AMF. Looking forward to that one, but now looking forward to waking up at 8:30, Anyway hope everyone is good, (sorry if I have wrote loads,don't wanna strain anyone's eyes or something like that) See you all soon, Dave

 Unlucky, At least you have an idea of what to do for your coursework as you have already done it. Me on the otherhand have to have a peice finished for tmor, And I have absolutly no clue what I'm doing! Ack, how I hate Coursework!

 Wel my computer is officially GAY because it decidedto fucking DIE so I have now got NO FILES because its fucking DELETED ITSELF so all files fro any websites are gone, all pictures for the new DNP are gone, all my msn stuff is gone, all my general writing stuff on comp is gone but most importantly my work shadowing letters and coursework is gone so I have to redo them all so fuck off you fucking mother fucker of a computer technology is gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay. Enough of that. Hullo. Work was ok today. Just found out that I haven't had a raise something went wrong so we will most likely be getting pay reducted from us. Thanks woolworths you SUCK.

 I guess I should blog really as I haven't for the past few days. Its possibly because I am addicted to www.habboforum.com at the moment. Not something I am proud of. As yet I have done no school work, which means tongiht and tomorrow I have an awful lot of work to do. I have three peices of coursework to be done and numerious peices of homework. I have done no revision or even looked at any of my work. I feel that I may be retaking my exams... the fact is, I have no urge to do any work. To me it is boring and I always find better things to do, such as habboforum. The holidays have been quite good, Been to Thorpe park, Brighton and the cinema, But thats about it. I would of liked to go to the cinema again, but most people either can't be bothered to come, have no money, or they have too much work to do. One last thing, I have now recieved my skirt for work, so I am now wearing a skirt, If you wish to laugh go ahead. Fortuantly i may be allowed to wear trousers as we had a little talk about equal opportunities and equal rights... :D So this is my blog, I may not blog much for the rest of the week as I will be extreemly busy finishing off coursework and doing homework. Goodbye.

 She doesn't mean disabled people driving silly. I doubt you're going to spend 1 hour in a disabled toilet, so I guess it's alright to use for a quick piss. The sex thing: because it's mucked up, like all the other 16/18 laws. Right, remember the Music Video thing? Well there is now a Web site for it at urlLink www.snooboo.com/musicvideo . This is mainly directed at Paul, but everybody else is welcome to make suggestions and things. snooboo.com Forum as well as a lot of other snooboo.com things all got mucked up while I was away, which isn't much fun. Anywho, back to blogging; I found this on CNN: urlLink Strangest taxes . This one is the best: Illegal drug tax: At least 11 states, including Alabama, North Carolina and Nevada, tax people who possess illegal drugs. Usually, though, you have to be in possession of a minimum quantity (for example, over 42.5 grams of marijuana in North Carolina) to be subject to the tax. But no need to wait for the police to cuff you before you cough up the cash. In North Carolina, for instance, when you acquire an illegal drug (or even "moonshine"), you can go to the Department of Revenue and pay your tax, in exchange for which you'll receive stamps to affix to your illegal substance. The stamps serve as evidence you paid the tax on the illegal product. Don't worry that you might get in trouble for admitting you have enough drugs to fuel a rave party for years. You needn't provide any identification to get the stamps and it's illegal for revenue employees to rat you out. Still, according to North Carolina's department charged with collecting the unauthorized substance tax, only 77 folks have voluntarily come forward since 1990. Most of them are thought to be stamp collectors. (Or perhaps they were just high?) The majority of the $78.3 million the state has collected thus far has come from those who got busted and were found without stamps. But even if they had had stamps, it's not like their legal troubles would be over. "Purchasing stamps only fulfills your civil unauthorized substance tax obligation," according to the N.C. DOR Web site. Only in the strange land that we call America.

 I didn't know you had a girlfriend Dave. Who is she? Right, answering Nicki's question about disabled people, I guess its more dangerous for a disabled person to be behind the wheel of a car than it is for them to be on a toilet. Although that said, look at how Elvis died. Toilets are dangerous creatures they are Here's a question: At the age of 16, you are legally allowed to have sex, yet cannot watch images of a strong sexual nature on film until you are 18. Why?

 Hiya, Nicki - Sounds great although around school shows things often get a bit tense. But as long as you can stand everyone in a stress and the boss lady thinks its ok then cool. Paul - I have seen the way you look at me Right, today i took out my girlfriend to Croydon, we looked in strange shops then went to pizza hut, then went to see 50 first dates, (was fairly good but was one of them typical films where you can predict the end from the start!) Then i went to her house to 'meet the parents' and i dont think i should make a comment about that so publicly. Anyway then when i got home wayne gave me a call and said do ya wanna come bowling so i said yea course. So then i had to go back to gf 'Becky's house and pick her up then we spent the evenign bowling. Just got home, didnt win, far from it. (i am sure it was a computer related problem and nothing to do with how i bowl) Anyway most of you seem to be writing short messages, and i can really go on when i want to so i think i will now finish, (you dont all wanna know about my strange and mucked up life) So looks like i am gonna watch the rest of this film (on BBC1, not bad actually, comic moments) Then go to bed, hope you are all well, and see you all tuesday! Dave

 Yay! Hi Dave *waves*. We discovered blogger doesn't like hotmail or hotmail doesn't like blogger. One of the two. Oh yea, I had a brainstorm. When the school play is on if you want, I could always come and keep you company on the balcony..each night. Then I could like watch Paul each night....and keep you tech dudes company. Sounds like a plan to me. Your choice.... Righteho. I have work 9.30 - 1.30 today. Not sure if that is good or not. I like the fact I have been given a pay rise, that actually makes me work harder amazingly. Might run into Croydon after work to purchase some things. Have a go at this one: Why is it illegal to park in a handicapped parking space but its ok to use a handicapped toilet?

 Nice random information there from everyone Jackie: That is a good song, you rock :) Dave: You are not sexy, and never will be, sorry Nic: How very random :-/ Just one thing... do Pagan Goths not wear clothes?

 Hi. Um, yeah, went and saw Lora today. That was good. Um, devising an advertising campaign for KMET. Umm, and thinking about actually doing some ICT on monday when I get back. Byebye.

 HI EVERYONE Right after approximately 1000000000000000 invites from nicki finally one has worked and i am back with you guys! Looking through the last few posts i am fairly concerned with what i have to live up with, and hope my meaningless comments and sexual innuendos will be good enough for this sacred blogg. My day today has been relatively boring and no where near exciting enough to mention here, overall this week for me has been absolutely brilliant and a much needed break, the amount of work i have got through and the pain and sweat i have put into all my subjects 18 hours a day has been totally and completely unbelievable. (and indeed you may choose not to believe that). Anyway i must now go and stare aimlessly at the motorola ICOM 2 way radios, because i am like that. Hope you are all having a great holiday and i will be back soon. Dave (also known as, David, David Thomas, The new boy on the block, Sexy, sex bomb, as well as some others which will remain undisclosed)

 I still have done no work. Umm, I really should be working now, but I really can't be arsed. I am liking: Rasmus: In the shadows Very good song.

 Some more things to educate you guys about. Goths. Did you know there are sterotypes of goths? No? Yes? I'll tell you about them anyway; Romantic Goth attitude: My capacity for love is certainly greater than this mortal coil can bear. clothes: Anything with lace and frills: Edwardian, Victorian, renaissance. Mopey Goth attitude: Gentle people always perish in an unkind world. clothes: romantic, modern. Fetish Goth attitude: Gentle people are excellent for spanking. clothes: leather, PVC, fishnet, chains. Perky Goth attitude: Woohoo! clothes: modern, fetish, cyber Raver Goth attitude: If it don't glow, it don't show. clothes: phat pants, t-shirts, tank tops, flourescent thingies Goth Geek attitude: It's better than being a plain geek. clothes: modern Vampire Goth attitude: Vampires are cool. clothes: formal, jetset, romantic. Pagan Goth attitude: The occult and/or celtic religions are cool. clothes: Ren Faire Goth attitude: The Renaissance Faire and role-playing games are cool. clothes: medieval, renaissance, Scottish. Other dark people Deathrockers, rivetheads, metalheads, weekenders. Just so you know.

 Right, well I've spent the morning when I should have been doing homework reading the archives of this blog instead... and I've only reached March 2003 so far. Marvellous. The last two days have both been fantastic :b

 Yes Tom Yes, English Spag Bol. Hope your trip to Cornwall was fun. Sorry I didn't actually realise who you were on the train. Lol. It was pretty early. So yesterday some of us went to Brighton which were (if you didn't know) Me, Paul, Jackie, Matt W, Dave Edwards, Char, Jenna, Jenny and Sarah. Was lots of fun, except I got burnt. Damm the sun. I also managed to get us a bit lost but the less said about that the better... Day before that I did teh Hard Rock Cafe and theatre with Paul and omg it rocked so much and we are so doing that in the summer Paul. I'm gonna take you to see Jailhouse Rock or something. :p Today I shall spend it working. Right now I can't do any as all my books are wet with paint and will take a few hours to dry. Wopee!!!

 English spag bol?

 Lol, urlLink eMac

 eMac? Sounds like a burger that you can download off the internet "Yeah, I'd like an eMac and fries please...."

 I'm happy! Newer, faster, cheaper eMac's are a few hours away! Yes!!!! OO, and urlLink this is on my shopping list after the eMac.

 Lovely... There was a huge bee in my kitchen today. I shut the door and let my mum deal with it.

 In the process of looking up the anwser to this question I have discovered that the worker bee in the hive is worked to death! Outrageous! I vote we stage a revolution for them all. Mind you, what do you expect when the Queen bee kills her mother and any siblings. The 'drone' bee has it all, all HE does is mate with the Queen bee. Lucky him. I have found out how bees have sex, read below: The mating flight follows a pattern. The virgin queen flies to a congregation area where hundreds or thousands of unrelated drones await. The drones pursue the queen and several mate with her in flight. The drone mounts the queen, inserts his endophallus, and ejaculates his semen. During ejaculation, the male falls back and his endophallus is ripped out of his body and remains attached to the queen. Drones mounting later remove the previous drone's endophallus and lose their own through similar matings. The emasculated drones die very quickly with their abdomens burst in this fashion. Um, interesting. And if you could see the diagrams I do then you shall see that the male bee looses his stinger. I wonder then if they do actually sting each other? So not that anyone wanted to know any of that but there you go! That is how bees have sex.

 Hmmm, Bee's sex? I don't think so, And If they do, its a weird sex...

 Or rather plan for the next 2 weeks..lol. I'm going bluewater today. Wopee? Perhaps. Hope you all have fun whatever you do. My week's plan: today - bluewater tomorrow - going hard rock with paul and then seeing we will rock you with paul because he is fab and yay day after - brighton, woo! day after that - homework weekend - both days working week after - school and uni trip. Here is something to ponder if you wish: How do bees have sex?

 Today was interesting. Got up at 10 and went to see Gothika with Dave/Rich/Rob and a few other people. It's a good scary film, actually makes you jump unlike some of the others. Then we went for Pizza Hut, I only had one slice of pizza because I was too full up from the large popcorn and Coke from the cinema. Plan for the week: Tues - Homework Wed - Fix Andy's PC Thurs - See Lora Fri - Homework Sat/Sun/Mon - At Nan's. Tues - School Wed - School Thurs - University Trip Thing Fri - School.

 I am working on wednesday. Also I'm good thanx.

 English spaghetti!!!! I had some in Spain and some in France and they were both very sucky. And yucky. Blerugh. Aww poor Paul :( Jackie do you know what day this week you are working cos you said you might be working one day?? Interesting reply to the meaing of life. I like it.

 To Jackie: I am alright thank you. I've just worked all day for the third time since Friday. Marvellous. Now my legs ache. How are you? How is everyone? The Meaning of life.... who says there is one? Life doesn't have a set meaning. Life is a journey, not a destination. Guess it also depends if you believe in the afterlife. If you do, the meaning of life will probably be to lead a good life. If you don't, then the meaning of life is just to makea s much of your life as you can. But nah, there is no 'meaning to life'

 English spag bol?

 Films i want to see: The butterfly effect 50 first dates The girl next door.

 Hello Paul, How are you?

 What the.............? OK, apparently I am called Paul, and not MyWalrus, which it finally let me register as. Go figure

 Bloody hell. Well, i needed the invitation sent to me three times, and after all that it wouldn't let me call myself Paul, or Walrus or anything I wanted, so this is me now. Marvellous Anyway, howdy y'all

 O how depressing. But true. Personally I believe that the meaning of life is to simply survive. And that's it.

 The meaning of life is to die.

 If you need something to discuss try this: What is the meaning of life?

 *cough* blog *cough*

 The joys of England which you do not realise until you have been away. English number plates. English crows. English pigeons. English sausages. English spag bol. English language. English people in general. English rain. English chips! English shower. English home. English road. English left side driving on the English road. etc..... I've decided from my Barcelona trip that I dislike the French, and France. Quite a lot. So its not good really when I am going on next years art trip (most likely, ie: Phillips said: of course you can come, you can do what you like) (woo!!!!) to the South Of France. Gah. What is everyone up to this weekend? I'm working 9.30 - 6.00 today and 10.00 - 2.00 tomorrow even though we are shut. Lol. Have a good day.

 Perhaps I do not recall telling you that your opnions are wrong. Perhaps I never have yet perhaps I have done. Perhaps if I have done I am sorry. Perhaps if "it is impossible for an opinion to be wrong" you could then actually post...

 Perhaps you're right. Perhaps you're not. Perhaps people tell me I'm wrong about my opinions: which, like everybody elses, are never wrong; it is impossible for an opinion to be wrong.

 Perhaps your not making sense with being busy yet not a lot has happened. Perhaps your overreacting. Perhaps your not being told your wrong. Perhaps people disagree but perhaps because of that it makes a discussion / debate. Wooo! I get paid 4.20 now! Wooo! And I will be getting my discount card at some point soon so wooo!!!!

 Perhaps we've all been very busy this week. Perhaps not a lot has happened. Perhaps I feel that whenever I want to blog about a subject I usualy get told I'm wrong.

 I got back from Barcelona yesterday. I was like yay lets go read El Bloggo and catch up with what people have been doing this past week. Jackie tided her room. Thats it. Thanks for blogging everyone. Your really keeping up the point of a group blog. I'm going to now invite some random people to join this so tough if you don't like them or whatever, its not as if anyone has given any suggestions. I'm going to invite: Dave T (give him a re-try), Paul, Andy See how they work with this and then maybe some more depending how many people actually blog. For now; I had a good time in Barcelona. Not that anyone has really asked. Except Paul. Then again I did see him yesterday. Or Matt. He asked. Thats about it really.

 I tidied my room

 I'm off to Barcelona today at 3ish. Hope you all have a good week next week. When I get back I shall invite a bunch of random people from our group to join this. Have fun!!

 Until the end of April Fool's Day.

 5 minutes to go until what?

 Only 5 minutes to go :(

 Hiya, Feeling beeter today, my best mates birthday, had a bit of a party was good fun, chance to losen up a bit. Thanks alot of depriving me of my exam time relief PAUL, grrrrr i was really looking foward to that extra week!!! Glad you finally found a bus anyway. I remain annoyed with pennie, but am genrally happier now so its all good. Hope you all had a good bank holiday, and i hope you all have a good week. Talk to you all soon, Dave

 I see what you are saying Dave. I have noticed that they never come to the commmon room anymore to see everyone. Look back to year 11 and how big the groyup of friends. How when people organised the park just about everyone went. This year I have hardly seen Pennie. When I do she is with Stuart and they never part so I don't get any time to talk to her. I see Helen in textiles, when she turns up. I would've gone down yesterday but I didn't finish work until 4.30ish and it was raining at the time. I also rang Pennie to check they were there and they had moved from the park into Helens shed. I had asked Pennie the day before to text me if they left the park so I knew where they were. That has annoyed me alot. She never remembers to tell me if they are somewhere else, or if she can't make it etc... I find it really rude. But hopefully in the summer we can all down the park and if everyone mucks in in sending out the emails and stuff we'll all get there. Just I guess now we gotta work around when people are actually at work. Talking of work. I'll be working today from 9 until 6 so if anyone feels like a walk come on up to woolies and buy yourselves some Cd's or sweets or toys or stationary or kitchenware. You know you want to. Actually you don't have to. Lol. In fact I want you all to stay home and have a lie in and have fun. Have a nice day.

 Deep Dave, deep. We didn't go in the end, because they'd all wandered off by the time I finally made it there. I did start walking by the way, or running anyway, and a bus came and picked me up eventually :) By the way Dave, I owe you an apology, I was wrong about the extra week, there isn't one. Looks like its time to start those drama notes now old chap!

 Hi, I did go to the park, and it did chuck it down with rain, and i didnt stay long, and today taught me something. It dont matter how much money you have or what you can do in life, friends are f****** important to everyones happieness and those who dont have them are sad people. Pennie and Helen used to be popular people, but although they spent alot of money tried hard and pulled out all the stops to make today good, they simply dont have enough people who care about them to make it a sucess. If more people were there it would have been fun, they have thought about themselves too much this year and have ended up in an unfortunate situation (mainly pennie). Today has made me realise how important my friends are to me, especially my best friend and other close friends i have around me. I urge you all to think about your friends, and next time your having some 'huge argument' stop and think, why weaken or lose a friendship. No one can have too many friends, Just a thought. Talk to you all soon, hopefuly i will be able to come to the cinema on Wednesday. See you all soon, Dave

 I was going to go down the park, but I have decided against it, as it looks like its gonna chuck down with rain. Secondly I have a cold. Thirdly I would have to walk down by myself carrying a big teddybear. Fourthly the park gets boring after a few hours anyway.

 Max, could you not say 'Jesus Christ' in the sense that you do? You use it like as an insult and I think that is really disrespectful. Fine if you don't believe in it all but its being disrespectful to others. If your going to the park don't forget to come into Woolies on your way down (if your walking) and come and buy your sweets and stuff. Yay!

 Big Brother - Jesus Christ, that bald geezer who sounds and acts like a girl really gets my back up. Yesterday was good - I went round Andy's for a bit and ended up staying the night. Problem was - I only got 3 hours sleep. So that messed me up and took my energy away today. T'was good though.

 I have nothing planned for the next week. I have Helen and Penny thing tomorrow, but they are only getting cards cause I'm cheap. I want to get groups together to see: The day after tomorrow Harry Potter Anyone who wishs to see it and help me organise it. Tell me!

 Big Brother: didn't watch but I did see the last ever Friends! Awwww. Cinema: Didn't know about it until Paul told me last night on phone. Had no money anyway, sorry. Was it good? Vampire: I am Lirit Choiseul, Nemisis Of The Lost. I lead lost folk to their doom. I like it. In other news I have a bust few days. Today working until 1.30 then off to Croydon to get birthday pressies for Helen and Pennie (and in evening hopefully to finish Andys!!), then eating dinner with paul. Sunday working until 4.30 then going down park, who else is going btw? Monday working 9 - 6. Time and a half pay so YAY. M, T & W the rents are away. Who else does English on here? Just me and Paul? Ok. Well Wednesday will be having an English session at my house. Mainly for people who expressed the wish to get together for a revsion session like Jenna. What else? Thursday probably somewhere shopping with mutti. Friday I'm going London with Sarah B. Weekend working Saturday and Sunday I have day off to go to London to see a concert so yay. What are you guys plans for the week? Have a nice day / weekend.

 Big brother. All I have to say.

 Tonight, 9pm, Grants: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Be there; meet at ten to 9 in the ticket hall.

 Hi, My work experiance is a week with 'Autograph sound' Who provide sound for most of the west end shows in London, should be good fun, i had a relaxing day which was nice. Tommrow i am going into London with Wayne, will be nice. My vampire name i think suits me rather well, see what you all think: Raphael Saint Clair Known in some parts of the world as: Bacchus of The Underworld The Great Archives Record: Of the world below, creeping amongst the catacombs and sewers of the city. Interesting, anyway, speak to you all soon, have a good day tommrow Dave

 We all do it for a week apart from Paul and Nicki.

 I have yet to sort out my work experience and I do mine for a whole week. I need to speak to Laura as she has the number of the place I'm hopefully gonna go. Psychology exam today, went okay, but still guessed most of the answers. I suck at revision.

 My work experience: urlLink Now Wash Your Hands .

 Hopefully. Some of us poor soul's might have to stay an extra year. I have no exams for the next 2 weeks! Yeah! Then I think I have 2x Business and 2x ICT in the same week :( Sucky. Work Experience: I'm going with my Dad to B.T - where are you going?

 Silly Americans with their silly dates. The year 13s leave tomorrow, they had their last lessons today. They where all in the common room signing each others books and having a wonderful time. That will be us next year...

 About the date: This is the one it is set on. The only others are in just number fomr or May 2004 etc.. There are no other day and month ones so its just this. I really don't think it makes that much of a difference. I am: Lirit Choiseul, Nemesis of The Lost - A lonely one who guides the lost - but not to safety, to their doom.

 http://www.emmadavies.net/vampire/ What is your vampire name? The Great Archives determine you to have gone by the identity: Ben Drown Known in some parts of the world as: Scourge of Russia The Great Archives Record: The scourge of Russia - insane and dangerous! BTW, I think Tom is on about the date format, its showing it the American way of Month/Date/Year

 Tom it is in British dates and time zones etc...

 Hi We all failed Electronics misrably, well all 4 of us anyway. Just thought i would let you all know. Good luck with your account jackie. Speak to you all soon, Dave

 An update. Currently trying to get pinkbanan64 back atm So for the time being please add crisppyo Hmph.

 Request: can we have British dates?

 Excuse my langauge but FUCK It seems like I may of been keylogged or something, because I can't get onto msn and it says my pass is wrong. I've tried all my old passwords and any slight changed too them to no luck. Also I can't remeber the answer to my secret question, either that or they have changed the answer. SHIT SHIT SHIT someone help me?!

 Well we can't go back to the old layout and I think this one works well. Yea the advertis annoying but it doesn't exactly spoil the whole site and I am happy with it. General Studies was allright, I managed to anwser every question. Got 3 hours of geology today, not happy about that at all. I have been revising shockingly but none of it is sinking in so I most likely will fail this exam. Great. Good luck with CT everyone, good luck with any other exam you have this week.

 HI, I am not sure if i prefer the new or old layout, I had a good day off today, when of course i should have had a good day doing critical thinking revision. It looks like i will be made to re-take that next year, (whats the chances of me getting A-C) Anyway, whish you all luck with all your exams, anyone like me needs all the luck they can get their hands on. Talking of what you can get your hands on, anyone see the 10:30 ITV news Croydon high school , which is litrally a stone throw away from my house was on there, as well as john ruskin college and other selsdon schools , because a load of kids in this area have stolen exam papers before the exams, piles of papers have been found on the streets of selsdon, and where was i during all this sudden media attention in the selsdon area, IN KENLEY !!!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. Oh well one day i will be on TV, one day i will be a star! Talk to you all soon, Dave

 Love the layout, shame about the advert. Please don't delete all our old posts, there's some good stuff on there which shouldn't be deleted and it's good to have a history to a blog.

 Well that sucked today. It wasnt too bad, but very boring. C grade? Went round Dave's last night to sort some of his stuff out and help him with his next door neighbours computer. In the end we both earnt ourselves a score each! The new Apple Mac rocks. I'm suprised you haven't got one Tom... My feet are freezing. Ah! I'm getting double glazing in a few weeks! Yay!

 Morning everyone, Lots of changes to alert you to. First of all we have a new layout of: Tic Tac Blue as requested. Enjoy guys. Please keep your profiles updated. I can't figure out how to delete archives because I thought it'd be good to almost start again, ie: with the new template start new archives. However can't find this option so gonna have to have all the old posts as well which isn't too bad but remember (this goes to everyone) they are old posts from the past when things were different and before we grew up over the summer. Some people may get that more than others. Um. Ok so that is the main change. LOL. Sorry I couldn't make it to bowling, had to work all day and then do revison (forced to by parents, gah). I hope you had a good time. General Studies today, should be a giggle NOT. 2 and half hours. Yipee. 3 hours geology tomorrow. Pants. Hope you all have good day!

 Thankyou to everyone who came bowling, i had a great time, hope you all did too. have fun revising, see you all soon, Dave

 Tic Tac Blue! Tic Tac Blue!

 It shouldnt take as long as an hour, dont be early, we might have to wait for some others anyway. Talk tommrow Dave

 I'm defianatly coming. I should be there on time.. But not quite sure what time to leave my house. I'm getting the 403 to sanderstead roundabout. 412 down the hill to Purley... then either walk or get on a random bus down to the bowling place. How long you reacon that will take? Hour? Work was so quiet today... No-one was shopping!

 Hiya Had a bad couple of days (reason i havent blogged), I am fine again now. Went dog racing last night, i won some and lost some, but end of the night, i came home with 12 less than i went with! It was a bit of a laugh. I really hope loads of people turn up on sunday, will be more exciting/challenging. But i am not a competitive person (lol hehe lol) Glad to hear that everyone is revising as hard as i am, look foward to seeing as many of you as possible tommrow. Any problems or questions about tommrow, call/text me. Dave

 Work this weekend. Gah. Nice weather though. Yay! Dave I shall see what I can do but I doubt I'll be able to make seeing as I have no idea where it is. I'll talk to Lora, see how she is getting there. If I do come obviously I'll be late. Have a nice weekend dudes, when on study leave those of us who usually go down park - maybe we should do that again? Sit under the tree, do sod all all day, be childish on slide. Lol. And whoever else wants to come should come!

 Bowling is at AMF in Purley. General studies sucks. ooo, a new song has entered my charts - Metallica: Sad But True.

 Yes thanks for the bandana Paul... :) Got a Pirate themed party tongiht... Should be a good laugh... Even if I do look like a fool. Need to get money for Sunday and Working saturday. General studies on Monday!

 Yeah, everyone seems to be borrowing pirate equipment off of moi :b According to a few people, I look alright in a bandana, if I have it underneath my hair? I dunno, maybe I'll try it out a bit. I'm listening to Run by Snow Patrol. Marvellous. I'm also very wet, cos I've just got back from doing my paper round, where the heavens decided to open. Am also a tad stressed about impending exams and whatnot, but should be OK... first one is Critical Thinking on Tuesday. Gah, I'm gonna be at school virtually all half time rehearsing for the school play. Bah.

 I shall be coming David but I want to go with someone. Just a thought which bowling place we going to? Oh and Friday night I have to dress as a pirate. I've got accessories, but I don't have cloeths... Lol

 I'll see what I can do Dave but I doubt I'll be able to get there before 3!! Still have to go home, get changed, eat and get there. I will probably get out of work late, usually do. I'm on my second day of the art exam and its going horribly wrong. Explain more another time. Paul came over yesterday after school which was nice to see him :) He loverly. The quiz was amusing, we came second to last. Woo!! Some of the costumes were pretty cool. Adam Ant. What a giggle. And then all the nurses. Lol. I am listening to the Bohemian Rhapsody. Love it. *big grin*. I shall change the layout at the weekend most likely. Should be good.

 Hello Everyone, Nicki - If you finish at 2, you can still come a bit late if you want, loads of people are gonna be a bit late anyway. Max - Glad to hear you can come, i am trying to get Lora to come, but she has the same problems as Nicki Tom - If you can please let me know if you can come, cheers Ok, Yesterday i went out for this meal, started with the theory that i had a physics exam in the morning (eg. this morning) so i wouldnt drink anything alcholic. It didnt last long,First of all i was joking around with the waitress and she guessed that i was 18/19 so i said yea i am, she then insisted on buying me a drink, and once you start you cant stop. I drunk far too much, i remember getting into the car with a beer and telling my dad that i hadnt been drinking at all. I wasnt the most drunk out of us 4 though so it could have been worse. I came in for the exam this morning, on time, but with sun glasses and a sore head!!! Still the exam went better than i expected, so that is good. I will not be in school tommrow. But i wilil be on friday. Please encourage others to come on sunday. I dont really care who comes, (you all know who i like and who i dont!) Look foward to seeing you all soon, Text me if you wanna know anything, Dave

 Sorry for not posting for a few days, I completly forgot about it! I'm not bothered what we use.

 Tic Tac Blue

 Happy Birthday Dave, I hope you have a great day! Last night Paul and I went to see 'The Passion Of The Christ'. Very very powerful and moving film. I won't go on because I am sure you guys do not want to hear about my religious babble. Thank you for the invite Dave but on Sundays if I am not working all day I finish at 2. So can't come. Sorry. General Studies exam: was ok. Missed a few of the sciency / mathy questions out but I anwsered the 40 mark one with tons of waffle. That usually works for me. Template: I'll wait for votes from Max, Paul and Jackie before I decide weather we change or not. I think we may as we have had this layout since the blog begun.

 Pretty much every other single school in the country has sent their lower sixth off on study leave, apart from ours. Eliot's solution* to this is not to turn up to school unless he feels like. Quite right too. Happy birthday David, it is officaly the 18th of May, so you are now 17. Hurah. General studies exam? Well, err, I haven't a clue, I just wrote lots of crap. * Max: You're probably looking at this and thinking that I've got an aprostophe there where I shouldn't have. Well I should, because the solution 'belongs to' Eliot, you use an apostrophe to indicate this.

 Dave, thanks for the invite. I think I can come sunday! :D I was sick yesterday 5 times. Lovely. Was going to take the day off school BUT NO, I couldnt risk failing business studies and general studies for the sake of one day's work. Anyway I felt fine. General studies exam was okay, I reckon a C/maybe low B. How did you guys/girls do? Night.

 Hi, It seems like i am talking only to myself but i need to talk, i am in that kinda mood. I had my first driving lesson today, !!! YAY !!! I have the same driving instructur as Tom and Paul, the lovly Alison. I had 2 hrs or 2X 50 mins, i did loads, i can already do gears 1, 2 and 3, all the stearing business, i drove round cones, i stopped, did skid control, (as part of the stopping procedure) Also something exciting happened!!! the hook from a glider came falling to the ground towards our car! On Alisons say so, we quickly moved away from the landing site!!!! could have been a problem. anyway, it was great and i am happy, on monday we go drive in sandersted!!! at 11, so i advise you tell your parents to keep off the road between 11 and 12 on monday. Apart from driving it is my birthday, or will be in 2 hrs and 20 mins, i got my pressies this evening, some cloths and driving stuff, main present being the driving lessons. I also got some money from distant relatives etc etc etc. Urm, tommrow i am going out for a meal with wayne, and both our girlfriends, so that will be nice. SUNDAY BOWLING AMF 2 O'CLOCK All of you lot are invited, and all your partners, (or potential partners, or whoever!) its kinda for my birthday but i am leaving it fairly open and everyone pays for themselves. Tell other people and stuff. Right i think i better go do some work and stuff. See you all soon, Hope you all well, Good luck with all the exams and stuff, Dave

 hi, Nicki - i dont like any of the other templates really, i prefer the one we use now, if we have to change i would say Tic Tac Blue. See what everyone else thinks. Dave

 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!! TOM calm down my man. I think someone is stressed about his media work. Oh well, good luck See you all tommrow. Dave

 Dave: amazingly enough the end of June is actually the begining of July because of this thing called a callender. I have until July (or the end of June) to do both Units. Nicki: Tic Tac Blue, Tic Tac Blue, Tic Tac Blue!

 Tom and Dave, no need for jibes on here ok. I am sure you are both working hard weather you have an extension or not. I worked a full day at woolies today. It was, in the words of Paul, 'filthily' hot in the store. I brought some chocolate after we shut and it was soft! I know last summer it was hot enough for the chocolate to have melted. It all had to be sent back because apparently you could hold up a bad of chocolate and see it in almost liquid form. Yucky. Oh yes I am looking forward to working over summer. I managed to slice my hand 3 times with scissors today while ripping up boxes. Owee. They sting a lot. Other news in my world; I have convinced mother to allow me to dye my hair, but only when I am 18 which is good. Better than the normal NO I get. LOL. Those who don't run their own blog the urls for the templates are as follows, please tell me which you prefer if you have a preferance: urlLink No.897 urlLink Snpashot Tequila urlLink Tic Tac Blue

 Hi, Tom - we have until the end of June to complete unit 4, yes its true you have an extension until the end of July for unit 3, which you currently have a U grade for. Glad we got that sorted out, hope you all still having a great weekend, this weather is great!!! Talk soon Dave

 Thanks Dave, fortunatly I have until July to finish it, so I'm feeling pretty good.

 Hi, I am having great fun, on my 'MEDIA WEEKEND' and just to annoy tom, i have now completed all of my research stage for video and radio! and by the end of the day i will have done a significant chunk of the pre-production stage too!!! So in a way i am happy, but its alot of work. Anyway, i got up really later yesterday and did media, then Becky (the gf) took me out for a candlelit meal for my birthday, she brought me Hugo Boss aftershave (the new and improved david now more irrasistable than ever before) so that is nice. and she brought me a big glittery card, also her parents brought me a card (From them) (is that strange???) so i got home at 00:30 this morning and slept for a while, up nice and early to do this media, am now having a short break, and a BBQ in a bit. Then back to work. I hope your all well, and we will do something soon, i am thinking i wanna take people bowling next weekend, maybe sunday. what do we think? good idea? Anyway work to be done, speak to you all soon, Good luck tom, Dave

 Btw these are the three choices for a new layout (unless you want to keep the current one): - TicTac Blue - Snapshot Tequila - No.897 Tell me which one your prefer and I will see what we can do. Also can you make sure your profiles are done because the new layout will use information from your profiles, and put a photo in if possible :)

 Awww. Well I am at work all day today. Woo. Um, still got 1 essay to write plus a evaluation for textiles and my art prep to do as well as get ready for gen stu exam tomorrow. Anyone know details for it? When? Where? I missed my last lesson due to textiles exam so meh. Um, I'm all injured. My neck is killing me when I look down so being on the till today won't help at all. Its partly the way I sleep, I sleep in a funny position and also partly due to stress. I have noticed how when I am very very stressed some limb or something hurts. The other week I couldn't breath properly because my ribs were hurting. Now its my neck. Ack. Tom blog bitte. :)

 Yay! I'm ill. Teriffic. Saw Lora yesterday - that was good, and homework today, which I dont feel like doing. Evenin' all.

 Intruging. I seem to have stabbed myself in the back. Or perhaps life has stabbed me in the back. Well whatever, nevermind

 Well not much to write about other than the fact I have now finished all my courseowrk so far. Unless I get set anymore. Friday was a good day for me as I only had one proper lesson, My revision is not going well as I find it physically impossible to revise but meh... General studies should be fun... Scientific domain... Argh, its gonna suck so badly, we have been doing practice papers and they are impossible! Because its the scientific domain I get to miss the next general studies lesson we have cause I'm doing scientific domain at the moment... Yes, I have no work to day, good job too because shortly I will be venturing outside to top up my tan... If the sun is still out that is! I will be tidying my room today as it looks like a mass of papers and clothes... Shouldn't take me that long. I'm also going to the library. Thats about it from me. I might update a bit later if someone else blogs.

 Hiho sorry dudes had my textiles exam for past 2 days so spent all week panicing about it. Ahhh. Wait why am I panicing now its over. Oh yea because on Monday I have General Studies exam and I have 2 essays to do for Mr Hogg and then Wednesday and Thursday 2 day art exam. Ahhhhhhhhhhh. No wait. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. That's better. *grins* So breifly my exam, well, I am kinda pleased. Its ok, not how I wanted it because Connelly interfered and made me change some so grrr. I actually walked out of exam. Came back about 20 minutes later and just did what she said even though I disagreed. She does mark it afterall. But the less said about that the better. Um what else. Working today 9.30 til 1.30. I believe you have weekend off Jackie? If so have fun. Um, when I get in just doing essays and art and textiles work. Woo. Fun hey. And geology if I can fit it in. Tomorrow working 10.00 til 2.00 I think so yea GAH. Get home and back to homework straight away. On Monday we have General Studies. Anyone know details for that?? I know I am doing Science paper.Er...Monday evening I'm going to see The Passion Of The Christ as hinted at by Starky as I am doing that in Art. I think Paul is coming but he is still deciding. Um. Yea and that is as far as I am thinking ahead. Have a good weekend ya'll. :p

 Hi, Feel a bit like i am talking to myself on here latley. (is anyone else here at all?) Anyway, a bad day, but i earnt lots of money! Lots of work to do this weekend, mainly media, are we all happy about the yr11s leaving? (i am). Are we all scared and stressed about our exams? (i am) Whats everyone doing latly, talk to me talk! Cya soon, Dave

 Hiya everyone, My first driving lesson is on monday!!!! YAY My Birthday is on tuesday !!!! YAY My physics practicle exam is on Wednesday !!!! OH **** I wont be in school thursday morning because i have a funeral to go to. not good. Anyway hope your all well, and having fun. To start a topic of conversation (becuase there doesnt seem to be one) what does everything think about our new presidents? Personally i think they deserved it and danny will get everything we want done, while andy is just a great guy. (did anyone realise Danny could sing? (i didnt)) I am also happy with the vice presidents. mainly because i like megan! Anyway i cant type loads, i got millions of things to do. Talk to you all soon. have a good weekm Dave

 Well. I can't drive yet! :( I WANT TO DRIVE!!!!!!!!

 Re: the blog layout. I really like "No.897"; there's a lot of other ones there that a pretty cool as well.

 Today I proved to Beckett that his car has fluffy steering. Proper steering is what they have in real cars like Jaguars and Aston Martins. Beckett seems convinced that fluffy steering was part of a man's car, and all these nice cars have rubbish steering. (Before any of you have a go at me, I am aware that Beckett can't get a Jaguar, the point I'm making is that he thinks his steering is the best and that proper steering is boring.) Proper steering is the one where you can feel the road as you go round tight corners. Fluffly steering is when you require very little effort to turn the wheel; fluffly steering is also when you can turn the wheel from full left-lock to full right-lock without moving the car. I successfully proved him wrong by driving around the car park using my pinky finger only on the steering wheel, then turn the wheel right round without moving the car (doesn't did the tires any good, but I was proving a point dammnit!). He later proved himself wrong by driving around that tight corner on the Caterham by-pass, only with his pinky finger on the steering wheel. Thomas 1, Beckett 0.

 Well I still don't like it. It confuses me too much. My first exam is the general studies one whenever that one is! I think it's Monday! Argh, should start revising for my exams really! I'm just sitting at school listening to The Rasmus, I've taken James iPod again.. He has the album on there, so hehe. I'm bored, everyone else has gnoe down the shops but I couldn't be bothered to go dwon there... I have another 2 hours before my next lesson.

 Slightly confused at first but I am liking it now. I was just looking at the templates, does anyone what the layout changed? Or are you all happy with how it is now? I have my textiles exam in two days. Ahhhh. I have to go and find Mr Hogg today and have a stern word with him. Which will probably end up in him having a stern word with my form tutor but I am very upset about what he said to me yesterday so grrr.

 Hiya everyone, I like it too. It much more styalized. Anyway my day = what can u expect for a monday week one! hopefuly tuesday will be better. Hope your all well. Talk soon Dave

 I like it.

 Ojay, I'm not liking the way its now set out. It's too confusing.

 W00T! The first one to try out the new Blogger.

 I still have my school shirt from 1998 which has everybody's signature on it from primary school. Suprisingly, it fits me still - i'm not even joking.

 I have some clothes I bought in 1999 hanging around somewhere, do you want those?

 Just been next door where my next door neighbour is clearing out her loft. Shes just given me some groovy fabric and a tailors dummy! I've been trying to find one and they cost like 180 squid!!!!! Its brilliant!!! And she gave me this fabric which is from the 1900's!!!!! THE 1900'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!

 I keep forgetting to post! Anyway parrty was great fun. Cept for the rain. I'm tired still. I have no work next week :)

 Andy's party = fun I post more later

 Lee's allright. Don't be mean. We have mucked up lives. I enjoyed myself. All the rain did was make me cold but hey, I got Paul to keep me warm. Jackie had my jumper. Lol. I really enjoyed myself, another fab party from Andy - nice one! Found it hard to pull myself out of bed. No hangover for me, I didn't drink that much. Can't help but laugh at Matt W, I bet when he got up today he felt awful. Tsk tsk. Well I enjoyed myself and can't wait to party with Paul and Neil etc... again.

 Hi Yea course yo9u can have a copy of the pics, i need to upload them anyway! Hope you have all recovered, talk soon. Dave

 Dave, can I see all the piccies you took please? I'll give you a place to upload them either on KMET or maxpayne.co.uk. That was a good night...Paul/Matt/Neil, up for it again? :D

 HI, Welcome to Saturday. Just got home from Andys. It was great fun, had a really good time, and have some good photos. Ever the rain couldn't spoil the mood and atmosphere, well done to Andy for yet another, highly successful and well organized party. Although there is already things about the party I am regretting, doing/saying. Generally it was brilliant and nice to let my hair down 'as they say'. One word if anyone don't know what to talk about LEE. You could write a book on every day of his weird and mucked up life. It scares me. Talk to you all soon, Have a great weekend. Dave

 Hmmm Well I'm gonna be boring and wear my trackie bottoms tmor cause my jeans are annoying and will fall down. I will be wearing a top that say "Get you kits of boys" Come on England! As long as it is dry of course... Argh, I have actually begun some revision. And it sucks. I have so much work on at the moment.

 Errrr probably jeans and tshirt and light jacket. Everyone always gets really hot when on the castle and stuff. So I only just got in from school. Spent past 2 hours drawing a man, naked. He was naked not me. It was quite good, he was talking to us before and he did the poses we needed. He did the pose of the crucifiction of Christ. It was really good. I did some good pictures. Nakedness. Gah. Unless its Paul :p Err what else. Oh yea I can't breath properly, My whole rib cage hurts, mainly on the left side. I'm kind of worried. It REALLY hurts to breath. And no one else is in so I can't ask mother what to do. Gah. Maybe I'll just die. Or not. Rather not.

 Hi, Far too many stupidly late nights. I must sleep now, Hope you are all well. Talk to you all soon. P.S. i will be wearing jeans and a blue top, as will Tom Andy and Dave. Dave

 Lol Jackie, so 100% of your grass is going to be taken up by a trampoline? :P I am wearing Jeans and a blue/dark shirt (NO, not the hawiaan one). Ohhh yeah, ordered my eMac today. Should arrive before the 14th.

 Well... Not much to blog about, hense why I haven't blogged. If I have not already said, I might be getting a trampoline, I just have to convince my dad it's a good idea and that it won't ruin his grass... I measured the garden and it is just big enough for a 12ft trampoline. So that's the one I will be getting if I can convince my dad. I am looking forward to Andy's party, it should be fun. I have a question though: What is everyone wearing? I stayed after school today and did some work, I also played a game of pool with Laura. We started playing thinking there was no white ball so we were using the black ball, only for an upper 6th person to say, why arn't you using the white ball? We were like Dohhhh Umm, yea thats about it.

 OK so I was only in school for first 2 lessons today then I went to London with Scott and James (Maragone) to do arty stuff like visit the Tate and St Pauls. Well well well. 1) James decided to cross the road at a non crossing point and we were nearly run down by a motorcyslist 2) while walking over the milliemememen bridge there was this HUGE fork of lightening the next bridge over so we stood to watch then realised we were on a metal bridge so promtly left 3) standing outside St Pauls and it starts to hail reeeeeeeeeeally heavily so all 3 of us squished into a phone box and then there was this huge FLASH and lightening struck St Pauls right next to us 4) on way through croydon James decided to run across the tram track and nearly got us run over Thats 4 times I nearly died today. *cries*

 Hi everyone, Thanks alot for all your replys, Nicki, thanks and it is the 18th of May, dont buy me anything Max, becuase you are the only person i know who will be able to sort out things i dont know about! Paul, Urm yea Tom, a public thanks to you and Snooboo.com for brightening up my day yesterday with the polar bears and badgers, graphics. Thankyou. My day today has been better, things are starting to look up, went out with the woman, to London, fun. Had dinner with her and her parents, urm funny. And by the way i am bringing her to Andys party, if anyone wants to meet her, and you are invited (if you arnt invited, go and be nice to Andy) We will be there. Today has had a positive effect on both my life and the lives of others close to me, i am happy once more. Although I am sure that will change when i walk into school tommrow. See you all soon. Dave

 Excersise.....umm, I remember seeing one of those things that you roll across the floor or summit for a fiver. Aint got a clue on what its called.

 Good morning ya'll. Hope your plans for the day are full of sleep and rest or in Pauls case working but getting lots of dosh!!!! :p I am offt o bluewater today, kinda annoyed I had to get up early. Ate out last night and will be eating out today so I'm gonna be fat on Monday. I am pondering buying some kind of excerise thingy. I like rowing machines but too expensive for me. Um what else. Oh yea blue fans are really bitchy. I made a post on the official blue forum to say I was selling some blue singles etc.. an dthey are all replying going 'omg how can you sell them i'd treasure them forever'. I'm like helloooooooooooo I am trying to help some of you out here! Idiots. If you could spend a month doing whatever you want, going whereever you want where would you go and why and what would you do?

 and why is it that their mums always need you to go and fix their computers? Can I just revert the question.... Why is it that my mate Dave.T always needs you to go and fix their computers? ;)

 Why do your best friend's mums always need you to fix their computers? Cos their children's best friend can fix computers! Duh

 Sorry to hear you not so happy Dave :( oh :( how is it fair that your best friends are the people who can hurt you the most? because you put all your faith and trust in that one person so if they do something weather its intentional or not it will hurt ten times more than from any otyher. It's life, it sucks but it happens. You just got to be careful about who your closer friends are. and why is it that their mums always need you to go and fix their computers? no idea! and finally what do you say to someone who has been given a month to live? You don't say anything. Sometimes they live a lot longer than that one month. You spend teh next month giving them good memories, taking them places or just being all that you can be for them. You just gotta try and make them happy so they don't regret their last month or so. Hope its all ok :) Btw Dave when is your bday? Sorry this is short would write more about my amazing day at Woolies but must dash off to Gatwick. See you all soon!

 Hello everyone, my long weekend isnt quite going to plan and isnt anywhere near as enjoyable as i had hoped it would be. Just one question for you all today, how is it fair that your best friends are the people who can hurt you the most? and why is it that their mums always need you to go and fix their computers? and finally what do you say to someone who has been given a month to live? They are three questions i asked myself yesterday, hope your all having fun, see you soon. Dave

 W00T! I finally have all my money for the eMac. Will cash the last of it in Tuesday, and wait til the 12th/13th May for it to be delivered. Had my group interview at Waitrose today, went quite well........Matt.B is lucky - they get like 10% of their wages every year bonus - as well as 50% off ANY external class you take - for example, if I was to take guitar lessons, Waitrose will pay 50% of it! W00T! Byebye.

 Titanic?

 I do beleive in Fairies, I do, I do! I do beleive in Fairies, I do, I do! Bet ya can't guess what I brought on DVD today :)

 Every action has a reaction. Every action has a consequence. That is what I think. You make a difference, in your own way. You make a difference to me :) Hope you all have a nice bank holiday! I am working today and tomorrow and maybe monday if I get hours which I will if they are offered to me. Time and half, need the money.

 HIYA, I PASSED MY THEORY TEST, Just letting you all know, talk soon, Dave

 Aww poor Paul :( Sorry you not well :( I know how you feel Dave I feel extremly dead at the moment. Tom could you blog please. And Max and Andy. Thanks. I am very apprehensive about the bbq next week. Mr Scott cooking food. Hmm.

 HIYA, I like your description paul, most informative, and imaginative. I have been at school this evening doing stuff for stagecoach, i dont mind too much becuase i get paid for all that. Anyway i am suffering from sleep deprevation, actually it feels like in the night when my body is trying to go to sleep, a team/army of small ompa-lompa type beings is creeping into my room, picking me up and taking me to several amusment establishments, where i am forced onto a vast amount of high intensity rides, after which i do one lap of the world (running) after which i am thrown out of an airoplane traveling at extream veloicity (without a parachiot) i would then land in the sea and have to swim the length of the atlantic, followed by many a hungry shark back to my bedroom, where the seemingly nice small people would tuck me in and leave me there to awake in the morning feeling like the night never happened. So thats that out the way. See you all soon, Dave

 I shall tell you all what my throat feels like. It feels like someone has ripped it out, and thrown it into the woods, whereupon a tiger has found it. It has taken it home, and fed it to it's 3 little tiger cubs, who have mauled it for a period of 18 days. Then, a hunter comes and shoots the tigers, and manages to accidentally shoot my throat four times in the process, picked it up, ran it through the blender 7 times, dipped it in acid, rubbed it down with sandpaper, and then returned it to me. Gah.

 The Tempest is over now which is quite sad. I kinda wish it was still going on, although it is nice to have my life back a bit. Well done again to everyone :) What is everyone doing for work shadowing / experience? I'm not doing it. I am using my costumey stuff from the shcool play and shall go into school on Thursday to do textiles all day as I have alot to catch up on. Eek. I'm stupidly tired.

 Any chance of postponing the cinema? I seriously have no money at the moment. I need to get payed :( I think I have 99p in my purse! Worked all day today, feet hurt like hell, but I learnt how to put newspapers away, tying them up, counting, sticking ect... Hopefully get a payt rise in a few weeks/months.

 I also was extreamly pleased with how last nights show went, and all potential 'situations' were defused so thats all good. Looking foward to doing it all again tonight, however it always gets a bit sad knowing that months of work and time and effort has gone into this show and now its finishing. Oh well, i am still happy, see you all soon. Dave

 Wow! The performance last night of which I watched was the best I have ever seen it! It was so good and the audience were loving it. I am so proud of everyone involved including the techies and very proud of Paul. Well done to everyone and I look forward to being back tonight. I am sure tonight will be just as good if not better. For now I must go off to work, wopee.

 Well done Dave, Paul and everyone in the cast and on the crew. You did really well!!!! Yay!!!!! All teh hard work is paying off :) I will be in the audience tonight with my mummy and my sister said she may come tomorrow night if she can buy a ticket on the door so yay! I look forward to seeing you all there. Won't be able to hang around after though but I will be back on Saturday evening to open doors. Jackie cinema Sunday, 8.10 I think it was? Or 8.15? But yea just reminding myself. LOL. Have a great weekend everyone!

 First show was indeed good, hoping the next two will be even better though Was a tad disappointed by the football result, but ah well, we'll get another chance in two years, so never mind, eh? I'm not entirely sure how friendly the atmosphere will be backstage tonight. Certain members of the tech crew, and a certain actress may very well be a bit difficult to work with. Ah well, here's hoping it goes OK *fingers crossed*

 HIYA First show tonight and it went really really well, couldnt have been better. So it is not in my mind surprising that the evening ended with a punch up. Nothing is ever 100% perfect. But the show was great and definatly worth you all seeing, matt write watched it today and loved it! See you all soon, Dave

 We have been living in this house for over 14 years. Throughout that time, we have had the same dishwasher. I do not know how to operate the dishwasher.

 Just so you all know what is happening Dave and Paul won't blog for a while as due to drama. I've been with them during rehersal and havn't left earlier than 8.30 most days this week. No idea why Tom hasn't blogged so could you blog please Tom? Thanks :) I've been helping out with the production for the Tempest, I've been doing costumes and set and stuff so wheeeeeeeeeeeee! Yay :) The show is looking great, really good acting with some great sounds and lighting in it so come and see! tickets on sale from the box office at break times. Students are 4.00. It rocks. Andy when is Brazil Night? That would be helpful for you to say.. lol.

 hey all, hope your good. Brazil night starting to take shjape, but its stll gonna be ropey! Well, last rabies jab yesterday :) got a lil lump there, not too bad though having a few peeps ropuind for the footie, were gonna win, i hope! Portugal, could be a bit tricky, host nation, but they didn't really perform in the qualifiers Anyway, today was crapy, those year elevens, ggrrr, dont want them to come to sixth form, well some, they're not all that bad looking... Brazil Night Tickets going on HALF PRICE SALE for sixth formers, buy them while they are going cheap! only 7.50 speak to anyone going to Brazil, or to me as I have tickets anyway, see you all soon Andy

 Thought I'd pop in and say Hi. Haven't really been up to much lately although I had a successful shopping trip yesterday. I counted up my DVD's and I have 29... All brought from WHSmith and since November! I shall be buying the Scary movie box set when I get payed as I can't afford it until then. I'm working tonight and so am bunking off last lesson, I'm then working all day saturday... Means lots of money when I get paid! Yay! Nicki about the cinema, when do you want to go? Just chat to me on msn or something... I won't be on the internet much tonight as I'm working till about 8, won't get home until at least 9pm... Then I have a exam tomorrow, so will have to revise. Of course I probably won't revise... Parents have got tickets to Wimbledon, so they have gone off there today. But I think it will rain so they probably won't see much play, which is a shame really as the ticket are quiet expensive. I heard they are seeing Venus Willaims and some other well known dude. I just can't think of the name right now. there is also some other random person that knocked Hennman out of the French open so they are seeing some good amtches considering its the opening day. they are on number one court I belive so that's also good! Well. that's my blog for a while. Blog agin in a few days/ weeks!

 Yay! I am officially on the tech crew! LOL. I am quite pleased at that. *grins* Yea so as dave said come see the show its gonna be great!!!!!

 Hiya everyone, Really heavily involved with the tempest from now on, so no posts for a while, sorry, its all going well and looking good. You have all got to come and see it, talk to you all soon Dave

 Yesterday I went up to Caterham and got my Dad the prezzies. Played CounterStrike for the rest of the day. Todat was spent doing my CompTIA A+ course and doing some ICT homework. CounterStrike at night, obviously. Next week will be interesting. Parents are away from tuesday til Friday night! W00T! Having the whole house to myself. Pah, I have to go in on inset day to do an exam. Sucky.

 I've got my daddy a dvd: D-Day In Colour. He likes the in colour ones. Yay. I'm absolutly knackered. Past 2 days I have been mostly in textiles room helping to do the tye dying for the school play next week. Its pretty tiring but they need it done. next Wednesday I am doing the textiles stall for the induction days along with Megan and someone else, maybe Helen? Should be interesting and hey we get to dress up smartly! Work today until 1.30 then going up to school to get T-shirts to bring home and finish off. Going to see Charlenes play tonight with Paul :). Working all day tomorrow. What is everyone upto this weekend?

 Pah, the BB row was just like the usual Saturday here when my Dad comes home from work. Nothing TOO special, except the table going over and the tin foil tray. Anyhow, 2 x 1.58 has been charged to my bank account without me saying so......contacting the bank on Tuesday to sort it out. As for A-Levels, I am sticking to what I did last year. I will probably take General Studies A2. Might as well, 3 lessons a fortnight and a whole A2 for it. General Studies does suck though...but I think I can tolerate it for another year. Fathers Day Sunday.........what have we all got em'? I haven't purchased anything yet, but i'll give him a massive bar of Cadburys choc and a new shirt (as his old one is all worn round the collar).

 I don't tend to watch BB that much, just on a random basis. I watched it last night and thought what a bunch of losers. All the fighting and stuff its just like oi, you fools, grow up. Although I supose makes it interesting to watch although I kinda got bored of it after a while. But yea. No riots in Croydon last night, good. Just lots of people. So its good when England win because the hoodlums stay away. Woo! First day back at school everyone? How'd it go? I thought it was ok. I was very very tired though. What is everyone doing for September, dropping any subjects or taking up any?

 lol, i agree. Did anyone watch big brother? I laughed!! They've let Michelle and Emma back in, quite a stylish way too. School tomorrow :( Don't wanna go in, Im used to working now! Still, will be cool to get on with some ICT A level style, ahem! yeah right, bunking time i think... Still, very tired now, so earlyish night, its already gone 11 so night night all, and see you tomorrow, though by the time you've read it I will have seen u already! CRAZIE! Andy

 Hiya everyone, On the footbal front its really not my thing. People shouldnt riot, but those who do know what they are getting themselves into, i think they should all be locked up. Maybe we need to build a prision in Croydon, maybe in the new Central centre. Drama exam was ok, had to stay at school keep an eye on the lights, got home about nine, some of the art was to a really good standard this year, well done everyone, however i must now urge all art and textiles students to remove their work, as soon as possible, or it will be removed for them, we have a show to do!!! Talk to you all soon, see most of you tommrow, Dave

 It's got to be really hard to creep into places if you're a seven foot tall south african burglar

 I don't see how they can be good at what they do. Its just kicking a ball round and keeping fit. Doesn't really require much skill. I admit if you put me there I'd suck but then again I suppose if you practise to the extent and all that they do then yea you would be better than others but I really cannot see the skill or talent involved. I know its a part of the police's job to deal with rioting but I don't see why people need to turn around and have a go at the police when all they are doing is trying to stop the rioters damaging too much property and from injuring other people. I tend to get really pissed off when people slag off the police which if what hooligans and such do because they are doing their job. Its not like they go out of their way to spoil their fun or whatever, its their job as you say and I wish that people would think twice before doing something which can injure or kill a police officier, what about their families and such? Shame people don't think much these days.

 It's fair enough to have an opinion but a few of the things u mentioned I disagree with. It doesnt suck, it is a bunch of overpayed kids i agree, but they are bloody good at what they do. The riots and alcohol stuff is a bit o.t.t because those thugs will get pissed and fight about anything, when theres no world cup, they'll fight over a bloody ham sandwich! The policemen bit. Its their job, though it sounds harsh, but it is their job. My mum and dad enjoyed their time in the police but it wasnt the easiest job they ever had. My dad was quite often wrestling 7 foot south african burgalars, and he didnt always come out on top! BTW, Im not having a go... :) Its nice every two years to have a tournament of the countries favourite game. Apart from that, Im working loads stil, not enjoying all of it, but hey, its money. Will see you all tomorrow :) Still, best of luck to England, and speak soon to y'all

 Well football in my opnion sucks. I really don't like the game itself and I have made the effort and watched a match before but I find it incredibly pointless because in my opinion its some guys kicking a ball into a net which doesn't actually require that much talent. I like footie when your playing it with your mates and its just a laugh but anything bigger, no thanks. Give me a good ol game of rugby, a bunch of lads with a ball. Simelar to footie in that aspect but there are many more ways of scoring etc... And that really is talent, just look at Johnny Johnny Johnny Wilkinsons lastkick. Yuss! Although lately I have become a bit partial to cricket. I love it. Woo! The barmy army, love em!! So back to why I hate football. I hate the world cups and stuff because you get all the football hooligans which I know isn't everyone but it seems to be most people and then they have to go off and get pissed and get into fights (something riugby goers do not do, a game I went to the fans simply shook hands said good game then wandered off happy as bees) just take Croydon as an example. 400 fans in Croydon, riot. Smash windows etc..., surrounded a tram. 15 or so policeman were injured. Thanks a lot, what if that had been my dad working that night? Luckily he wasn't but he could be next time. I see why people drink alcohol at games but there is no need to drink that amount that causes rioting. I mean, what exactly were they rioting about?? The fact we lost? well we still have 2 games left and even if we lose oh well, theres always next time.

 The football was quite disappointing, although I was so knackered that day I spent most of it asleep. I like football when it's the World Cup and stuff, cos of the massive levels of patriotism, which is cool.... I've been trying to work out what it is about football that makes it our country's most popular sports..... anyone help me on that one? Anyway, on a more academic note, last exam today, Drama, then a rehearsal for the Tempest, and then FREEDOM!!! .... until tomorrow that is

 35 hours of over time so far in One Week!! How are we all? Sorry Ive not been around to chat much, been living at sainsbury's! Im gonna get a hoomungus pay check! Can't wait! I wasn't happy about Englands football game. I know no one is a big footie fan, but if you saw the game you will understand! We were beating France, the competition favourites, and they scored two goals in less than a minute to win it! bastards :( Still, Im thinking of organising a get together somewhere, somehow. So after nine gruelling hours of sainbury's, 3 on trolleys in this blooming heat I'm rather sweaty so I am now off to take a bath!!! see you all soon :) Andy

 Hiya, Today, physics, dont even ask. Then Technical meeting for the tempest. Which is showing a big improvement, but we despratly need to start selling tickets, big time. So all come and bring everyone you know. See you all soon, Dave

 Max, Tom and Paul -- if you have a spare moment could ya do a quick blog please? Thanks. Aww poor Andy. What I would give for spending all that time collecting trollys rather than having abuse shouted at me via the idiotic hoodlums that hang around outside Woolies. Gah. Anyways, Nicki Johnson (Jen's sis) sent me a pic from her leavers ball trhough. Awww, I wish i could do our leavers ball all over again. Lol. It was so much fun. I love limos. When I'm older I shall buy one. And a driver to drive me around all day. Woo! Limo are cool. It was really good that night. I'm sure our sixth form one will be good as well, if not better? But then again, in year 11 you have your friends around you who you have known for years whereas now people like Angela etc.. have gone off somewhere else. Oh :(

 Hey all, sainsbury's sucks! why can't they get trolleys that put themselves away when the customer finishes with it, rather than have some poor sod like me take 5 full hours to put them all away, finishing at half bloody ten!! Still, I took a half hour brake so ner ner nikiniki ner ner sainsbury's!! I did 6 and a half hours tills yesterday, well 3, i spent the rest of the time putting things on the shelves that the customers decided they didnt want when they got to the checkout! I also had to buddy someone, means I'm good at my job!!! They wanted me to watch over someone who was new and hepl them out if they got stuck, coolio or what! Doing gardening today, sorting out Annie's Kennel. She's gonna have a big bush going around it, talking of big bushes, has anyone seen The Mighty Boosh on BBC 3? its VERY funny, and I recommend it, its on most nights at 8 or half past. Other than that all is well, looking forward to having a big reunion on thursday! I wonder what the dress code will be this time! beach wear, ski wear, posh, we'll see. I know theres not many exams left but for those who do have some, again I wish you all the best of luck, and for those of you get back from the physics exam this eveing, I hope it went well!! Brazil Night is a bit of a cock up, theres loadsa of jobs that need doing and I'm not sure we have enough people coming. Hopefully it'll work out when the meetings start up again. If anyone has anything which could be given as a raffle prize that they don't want, or that can be brought for a small price, let me or Tom know! Chow for Now, love and all the rest of it... Andyrew

 Ok, I saw you at work today nicki, looked very happy! Yest i have rollercoaster tycoon 2 and have had it for ages but i have forgotten how to delete senorios, i will have a look and let you know, I spent today watching and analysing the first ever full run of 'The Tempest' Which although is currently about 5 hours long, is seriously looking good, and as Nicki says come see it, tickets are on sale NOW, either from reception (near woodhouses office) or drama studio. and as ever i am the Technical Supervisor, have just spent 387 on the technical side of the show, and i have gotten my own way, we are having low lying heavy fog drifting accross the stage, it is gonna look great. I have a physics exam tommrow and i am going to fail, so guess what i am off to do. See you all soon. Dave

 Jackie is taking a break I spoke to her on msn about it. David there isn't a general feeling for you to leave. Lets now just forget about that and move on ok? So today working 10 til 4.30. The word gah springs to mind but as it is such a nice day hopefully most folk will be at home sun bathing or something and won't have the energy to enter a store like ours which has no air conditioning so we all boil every day. Last summer it was so hot the chocolate melted. As in you could pick up a packet and it would literally be liquid form. I brought Rolocoaster Tycoon 2 yesterday. If anyone has it do you know how to delete a scenario you create? Lol. Any other news for you all? Um. Not at the moment. Oh yea schol play is in a couple weeks so come see! I am going on the Thursday with Matt W so if any of you wanna come please do. (Paul, Charlene, Becky, Helen, Pennie etc.. are in it) Other than that have a nice day.

 Hiya, Wooooooo, everyone is very stressed, i am sorry to see you leaving jackie, and would like to apolagise for offending you, if this is what i did. Everyone else, calm down, if it is the general feeling that you all WANT me to leave, i will, just let me know. Hope you are all well, (i suppose i should have just lied, and said that everything was fine, but i dont like lieing) Dave

 Okay........just read the last 10 blogs or so.......right. Anyhow - Andy - V.Cool news! Where are you practising your drumming? Gonna get a drum kit soon? I think I will get my guitar in a few weeks.....yeah! The rest of my holid......sorry, "study leave" will be spent playing CounterStrike, as I have nothing to do. My final exam is Thursday in about 10 days time. Business finance - whoop-de-doo. ICT was okay - Paper 1 being easier than Paper 2. Some questions were a bitch. Combined with the coursework, I reckon I got a C, maybe a B. Just have to wait til August! Ciao.

 From readin this blog I have come to the conclusion that I do not wish to be part of it anymore. David. You are the most annoying person to blog on here I have ever met. You made an arguement out of nothing. Nicki, I stand by you as all you were trying to do was sort things out. DAvid. Lay of the sarcasm and stop being a fucking arsehole basically. Hey and goodbye Andy :) Oh and this isn't the only reason I'm leaving. I never have anything to post about and generally I forget I'm even part of this blog. You can leave me on if you wish and I will poist once in a blue moon. But for the time being I don't want to be part of it.

 hey davie. Thank you for the kind words :) Had a hair cut, as i said earlier. SHORT! No windsurfing though, the wind would have been good! I did however buy Joss Stone's new album. very cool. I got The New Breed as well, proper bo. Searching for drumming lessons, found one in warlingham and one in croydon, prices are VERY high, so I'm basically being as tight as a fat mans pocket and going for the cheapest one! I stink so im gonna go shower! chat soon ya?

 Wel Dave heres why I say that. I started up this blog and I invited people to join and blog with me which they all have. Good. Now, this means that as I run it (not that there is alot to do) I just try and keep people blogging. Thats basically all I do. I could've quite easily deleted yours and Toms posts and left it blank or I could've edited them but I didn't. Instead I left you both a message trying to stop an argument escalating which is what it seemed like and instead you turn around and start yelling at me. I do not appreciate that especially after I invited you back a second time to rejoin El Bloggo. Now if you want to discuss this any further email, msn or phone me. I am sure no one else wants to read which is most likely plastered as a petty argument. Enough. Hi Andy, glad you could join. If anyone wants to Andy Mr Woodcock here was the cause of a HUGE queue in Woolies today. He didn't have enough money so ran out to get some (this is the second time this has happened) and caused a great big queue. Tutt tutt. Lol. Silly boy. But you do keep us amused. Yea work wasn't that great as I wasn't in the best of moods. I ended up realphabetising the drawers as some people can't spell properly and keep putting the cd's in the wrong places. Gah. No big dramas. All day tomorrow. Off to Croydon now to buy a PC game and to say hi to Paul. Have a nice day ya'll.

 Hiya, Nicki - I am sorry for being responsable for your happy mood going drastically downhill. That was not what i had aimed to do, but one thing, stop being so padantic and masterful over 'YOUR BLOG' WHICH YOU OWN PERSONALLY. No one likes that. Just calml down a bit and everything will be ok. Its nice to hear from you Andy, and nice to see you chose to blog, and didnt get a detention or solatry confinment from the 'master of the blog' the 'supreme leader of us all'. I hope everyone who went had a good time at 'Harry Potter' and i once again apolagise for not being able to make it. I hope you are all well and enjoying the rather 'heated' discussions, of late. Talk to you all soon, Dave

 Hey all, it is I, Andyrew. How are you all? Long time no see for a lot of you! Tom, Max, how was the ICT exam? How is everyone else doing with exams? I'm done with them now, woohoo! I'm thinking of having my head attacked by a lawnmower, when you next see me it'll be short! lovely. Hopefully windsurfing today, should be fun. I had no work last night! apparently i booked holiday, cooool. Anywho, catch you all soon, and have fun blogging back! Love and stuff like that Andy

 Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry sorry David you thought that was me attacking you? If you must know I was not. That was actually me pointing out that you don't need to remind people to blog, thats what I do. Yes people have exams but I'm still trying to get people to blog at least once a week so really Dave, there is no need for you too. And I am deeply deeply troubled and sorry that I asked to chill out I mean how could I possibly have taken those posts the wrong way? I mean the fact that what you both wrote seemed to me, a innocent bystander, very sarcastic and a bit bitchy was completely my fault and I shall never never do it again. Oh dear, the consequences of my words of trying to calm you down when you did seem rather annoyed. Bad Nicki for trying to sort out nedativeness on the blog. Bad Nicki. How dare you! If you like I can demonstrate me attacking you, here we go: First of all , you can not attack me for asking people to calm down when there is clearlya small upset weather or not you were joking. How the fuck am I supoosed to know that? I quote: It seems to me that the only time in which you blog, is to contradict, or genrally attack what someone else has said. - 6/10/2004 10:51:28 PM. That sounds like you are being bitchy and I care what the fuck you think about that because everyone is bitchy sometimes yes like me being bitchy and fucking pissed off right now. Ooo great start to the day huh? Thanks. Secondly , I was only telling you to fucking relax because you got all annoyed and at this time most people need to relax anyway but bad Nicki for trying to her mates to calm down and feel better. I'll never do it again. Thirdly , You and Tom don't clash? Fine. Fair enough. I'm not actually bothered but in that case if you are joking around together make it more clear or just don't jokily insult each other that way dumbass people like me won't get confused and try to help sort it out. Gosh I still can't believe, I was simply trying to help you out. Never again. Fourthly , shut the fuck up about my spelling no one spells perfectly all the bloody time and usually if your writing things in a rush not everything is spelt right. Ooo how dare I say that, I bet your spelling is perfect allllll the time. And anyway don't start on all that jazz until you can blog perfectly, ie: using an I instead of i. And Finally , I am bitchy and probably always will be. Now I didn't have a problem with you and I don't want you to leave. I was simply trying to sort your little what appeared to me to be a tiff out so that it did not escalate into pages like this and getting people all wound up for nothing. For maybe next time instead of you being so public about attacking me you should talk to me. Have a nice day. Back to normal blogging. I had begun my day quite happily. Felt fufiled by my breakfast and then I came on here to check email and whatnot to find I was being attacked as people like to put it and so now my happy mood has drastically gone downhill. Great. Have a nice day everyone. And yes I know I could've simply either said sorry or just not replied at all but hey I'm childish and was under the impression that it was my blog to start off with and that you knwo kinda said I could try and stop people from arguing. Oh how disillusioned I am.

 Hiya, I read what you wrote nicki, I have a response: First of all , you can not attack me for asking people to blog, and can not say that you think they should be concentrating on exams, because in the last few weeks you have written the following, 'Could everyone other than Jackie and Dave blog please? Thanks.' - 6/3/2004 04:17:22 PM 'Max could you blog please.' - 6/5/2004 08:16:51 PM Secondly, I do NOT need to relax, i am perfectly relaxed, and most of all, I dont need you telling me to relax. Thirdly, Me and Tom do NOT clash, we are actually good friends, and just sometimes joke around having a go at each others posts, i have spoken to him and neither of us are actually offended by anything each other say. Fourthly, if you are going to attack me so publicly, use real words 'onvious'??? And Finally , I am not bitchy, nor will i ever be. And to think the main reason i came on here this evening was to write nice things and compliment you on your art/textiles display. If you have any further problem with me, i will not hesitate in leaving. I am sorry it has come to this nicki, maybe next time you could speak to me or something controversial like that. Well despite that little annoyance i am actually very happy today, have had a good day, i hope everyone else is good too. See you all soon. Dave

 I set this website up as an online diary or a blog as I use the word along with so many other people around the word who also use the word blog as an online diary. This blog is an online diary not for articles etc.. unless you feel them important enough to mention when writing about you day and things. Tom no one is attacking you, everyone is just stressed and whatnot at the moment so I think we all need to relax a bit. David you need to relax. If people need to blog I'll write they need to as I usually do. But at the moment if people don't blog its fine, exams, good reason. So calm down, just blog when you want so long as you blog regulary. And please, little bitchiness. Its onvious you two clash a bit. Just calm...

 I don't have a problem with anyone. I have nothing to blog about. I'm blogless at the moment.

 This isn't a blog, it's a diary. Blog is an abbreviation of weblog, which is a log of what you find interesting on the web. Typicaly, you find a website or article about an issue on the web and talk about it. A group weblog is the same, only with more people. This isn't a blog, it's a diary; seeing as everybody seems to have a problem with me at the moment I might as well not bother with it at all.

 Hi, Mr Thomas Edwards - It seems to me that the only time in which you blog, is to contradict, or genrally attack what someone else has said, normally me or nicki, maybe you are scared of the others. Anyway, as far as i am aware the general idea is that you talk about what you have been up to, and what is going on in your life. So try doing that for a bit, see what happens. As for everyone else, hi again. Dave

 Didn't you get kicked out because you didn't blog enough?

 Hiya everyone, Not at my house, so just a quick message today. i walked home last night from Kneley, at midnight, that was an experiance i can tell you, on my own, thought i was gonna die. i will be in school all day tommrow, if anyone wants to come see me or anything like that. hope you are all well, everyone needs to blog more, theres no excuses. NONE, god anyone would think we were trying to pass AS exams or something like that. Come on everyone pull yourselves together. Anyway speak to you all soon. Dave

 Thank you Nicki. I had a business exam today, it went okay I suppose. Not great, but not poor. C grade? New double glazed windows! Finally installed. Two W00T's: a. KMET Customer tomorrow. b. Three new Gmail invites to flog on eBay.

 Stressed. Yes I suppose you could say mostof us are stressed. Now yes I have finished my exams however I have just spent the morning at school getting all my textiles and art work up and now I am incredibly stressed because it all looks incredibly SHITE. And half of my textile pieces keep falling down. Arrrrrgh. And my art work just looks awful and gah gah gah gah. I now have to go to work and next week I am helping the drama depo out with some costume stuff for the play so that will be nice and cool and it means I'll get to see Paul a bit more. Good luck with any exams people have today.

 Hi everyone, Everyone seems a bit stressed, and i know full well i am no where near stressed enough, when we were revising and doing stuff for our GCSEs i managed to be stressed very well, but this time even though they are important exams, i am not stressed, or worried, and that is bad and becuase of it i will fail at least half my As level exams, and i am not happy about that. Anyway good luck, especially to paul, stay calm paul. See you all soon, i miss you all, byebyebyebye Dave

 Gah, filthy Law and Drama to revise for for next week, and filthy filthy Politics for tomorrow, plus rehearsals every night this week, and Sunday, and I have to work tonight. Grrrrr. Huge amounts of stress Plus, my computer is really annoying me. If I manage to finish writing this without it kicking me of of the internet, I'll be impressed

 I have no exams left now. However I still must go in to put up my art exhibition and take it down the next week so if you get a chance please come along and see everyones work: Wednesday 16th June, 4.30 - 8.00pm . It'd be cool to see you there. Very very hot today. I may have to go and sit outside in the sun or I may not. Maybe its too hot? I want to go down to the park but no one to go with. Oh :( Good luck with any exams you all have left!

 Plan of the week: Monday (Today) - Went in for business revision session. Tuesday - Having someone round to give me information about courses. Wednesday - Business exam/seeing Lora/Having double glazing put in my bedroom. Thursday - Going round to give a quote for repairs on someones PC. Friday - ICT Exam. PFFT. So my week is pretty full. How is everyone elses week?

 Hiya, I am happier than i have been for weeks and weeks, Last night i took out Wayne for his surprise, we went in a limo with both of our gfs to london to see, 'The Lion King' Finished me off financially, but was the best night i have had for so long, months. And was worth it for the look on his face and the hugg i got. So i am happy, check my msn window for a pic of us in the limo. Eventually me and nicki will have a site back up ready and online so the whole picture sharing thing will be easy again. I hope you're all as happy as i am, or happy. Say 'HI' to Vee for me Jackie, Nicki, a plan for your woolworths theives, 'take a shot gun to work!' Speak to you all soon, Dave

 That blog was rather exciting to read. Maybe I should start blogging like that? Anyway. My sister has arrived home from uni. Mountains of clothes to wash and we have no idea where half of her stuff is going to go. I think the loft is a good option. I shall we wanting to see Harry Potter some time next week. Anyone interested in coming please contact me on msn as I have to discuss the details such as time and what day we shall go.

 Max could you blog please. No idea what you are going on about Tom and Dave. I worked 9.00 til 5.30 today. Not much to do as we received the wrong delivery. Oh well. So I spent most of the day on a til of some sort and encountered some very very rude people. I got to throw 3 kids out of the store who then spent most of the morning shouting abuse at me. I can't believe that though. I don't mind working at Woolies but we get abused by hooligans outside and then nick stuff and the other day they threw flour all over our stocking area out the back. Idiots. They are pathetic but cause so many problems for us. Something is being done. We had petition going for cameras outside all the shops. I believe there is a meeting next week at like 8 in the morning for shop runners to talk about geting better security and stuff. Its outrageous though it really is.

 Hi, Tom if you're gonna do something do it properly; Here's the rest, hope you are all well, i am great: Some folks give tips at christmas And some of them forget So when he picks their bins up He spills some on the step Now one old man got nasty And to the council wrote Next time my old man went round there He punched him up the throat Oh my old man's a dustman He wears a dustman's hat He wears cor blimey trousers And he lives in a council flat I say I say Les (Yeah) I found a police dog in my dustbin (How do you know it was a police dog) He had a policeman with him Though my old mans a dustman He's got an 'art of gold He got married recently Though he's 86 years old We said 'ere hang on dad You're getting past your prime He said well when you get my age It 'elps to pass the time Oh my old man's a dustman He wears a dustman's hat He wears cor blimey trousers And he lives in a council flat I say I say I say My dustbin's full of lilies (Well throw'em away then) I can't lily's wearing 'em Now one day whilst in a hurry He missed a ladies bin He hadn't gone but a few yards When she chased after him What game d'you think you're playing She cried right from the 'art You've missed me am I too late Nah jump up on the cart Oh my old man's a dustman He wears a dustman's hat He wears cor blimey trousers And he lives in a council flat I say I say I say (Not you again) My dustbin's absolutely full with toadstools (How d'you know it's full) Cuz there's not mushroom inside He found a tiger's head one day Nailed to a piece of wood The tiger looked quite miserable But I suppose he should Just then from out the window A voice began to wail He said Oy where's me tigers head Four feet from his tail Oh my old man's a dustman He wears a dustman's hat He wears cor blimey trousers And he lives in a council flat Next time you see a dustman Looking all pale and sad Don't kick him in the dustbin It might me my old dad THE END

 Now here's a little story To tell it is a must About an unsung hero That moves away your dust Some people make a fortune Other's earn a mint My old man don't earn much In fact....he's flippin'.....skint Oh, my old man's a dustman He wears a dustman's hat He wears cor blimey trousers And he lives in a council flat He looks a proper narner In his great big hob nailed boots He's got such a job to pull em up That he calls them daisy roots

 For the last three days, I've been at school rehearsing for the school play, The Tempest. I have four exams after half term, and I'm not confident on my revision for any of them. I have lines to learn for The Tempest. It's right after the exams. Right after that we have work shadowing. Bye now

 1,530 posts to El Bloggo. Woo! We rock. I am glad to see our newest members actually post and weren't a tragic failure like Matt W. So yay Dave and Paul! I went to London with Sarah today. Camden and some other places. Was pretty good. Here's a site to check out. It is the urlLink The Dullest Blog In The World !

 I think I should do some revision. So far this holiday I have done non at all. There again, I don't do much revision anyway! Meh. I'm hungry, so I'm off for lunch.

 Hiya, Tom - I am neither confused or dying to know more. Something you may be interested in, i bumped into mr hogg today, he has put on order for next yr, 2 more cameras and 2 more e-macs. so thats good. I did, if you havent guessed already, pop into school today, to oversee a drama rehursal, that was good, the tempest may actually be a good show! Other than that i have had all the social dilemas and problems you normally have in a month in one day, so thats not a good thing, and now everyone has gone to sleep before i could put things right, and i hate it when that happens. Lots of chatting to do in the morning i guess. Hope you all well and revising hard. Dave

 I'm home. That was, amusing, to say the least. Now I'm going to end this blog to make you all confused and dying to know more.

 Could everyone other than Jackie and Dave blog please? Thanks. I've had a cool week. Paul stayed not last night but night before. That was cool. We watched Dirty Dancing. CHICK FLICK. Woo! Today I went shopping with mother. Brought some new arty stuff. Tomorrow I am off to Camden with Sarah. Now I must do revsion. Woo!

 Yea cinema was good. The film didn't have enough actual acting in it though. Hm. i have a real bad shoulder ache and have no idea why. :(

 Hiya everyone, I just thought i should give you a bit of an update after our cinema outing this eveing. I had a good time, it was a laugh, although i do now have a significent leg injury inflicted by the charming and lovly but highly dangerous and violent LORA. Anyway, it was a good film, and good to have a night out. I will probally spend tommrow in school, because we have a huge show to put on in 3 weeks! Will blog properly when i find some time, hope you are all well, see you soon. Dave

 So yesterday was at work from 9 until 6. Not too bad really. Found out what the great British public like to buy on a sunny bank holiday: swingball. Woo! And black bistro sets. At 29.99. Woo! Today I wandered into Croydon and back out again having brought like nothing apart from some more hair shampoo. LOL. Great. I am such a big spender. Haha. Paul is coming over once he finishes work so that'll be cool. Other than that I haven't done very much. I should've spent today doing revsion. But did I? No. Gah.

 I've been i'll since Saturday. Sunday was the worst day - couldn't do anything at all, including H+P's party. Anyway, after about 16 painkillers :S im beginning to feel alright today. Still unsure about coming to the cinema tomorrow but the chances are about 50/50.

 HIYA, Today was upset when i woke up at 3, i wanted to actually do some work today, grrrrr. But then i realised that the extra week me and Paul have been discussing DOES exist, PAUL IT REALLY DOES. So i have an extra week to do drama notes, and revise. That has made me very happy! See you all soon, Dave

 Not much to blog about. Cinema tmor. Anyone can come. Read my msn name to fin out details.

 Well... I'm shattered. Went to bed at 1am last night after saying I would have an early night. Got up at 7.30 and started work at 9am. finshed work at 5.30pm. Working tomorrow 9.30 till 1.30 so that shouldn't be too bad, Sunday I'm working all day... I seriously need to catch up on sleep.

 Fair enough Dave. Hope ya have fun in Canada! Nice place. Hey Max I presume you've spent most of your days playing this Counterstrike game then huh? Heehee, I've spent most of my time when I haven't been out playing Rolocoaster Tycoon 2. I'm addicted :( Coudln't sleep last night. Thought I'd get to bed earlyish but it was so hot and then once I finally got to sleep I woke up again then went back to sleep so all in all I slept about 3 hours last night before waking up at 8.15 by the sun streaming in through my white curtains. Gah. So I'm tired.

 My week has been okay I suppose. I'm meant to see Lora sometime, but I don't know when that is. So far I have been doing nothing over the holidays since Sunday, when I came back from my Aunts. One thing to look forward to: Bad Lads Army tonight! Best thing ITV have had on all year. On another positive note, I managed to grab a high score of 27 kills to 11 deaths on CounterStrike, coming in first place - and far ahead of the second to top who had a score of 19 kills to 15 deaths. I'm sure you are all very, very interested in that. Now i'm off to have lunch and to chase up Apple. They need to replace my eMac monitor due to two mini electron guns going tits up.

 Hiya everyone, I am currently PAT testing at school this week, and am in canada 10 days starting on tuesday. Nicki - I couldnt cope with being in a relationship any more, it was alot of pressure and stress, and since, i have been feeling more free and relaxed, so it has worked. Hope everyone is ok, Talk soon. Dave

 Well my weekend was crazy what with work work work! *cue disney song: whistle while you work, la la la la la la laaaaa* Yea anyways....lol. Had my half day of till training yesterday. Got into an argument with my manager a bit about being allowed to do refunds. I don't want to do them, he wants everyone to do them. Had a lecture on shrinkage. Great. Um yea the new tills are fun, they are touch screen and we will go live in August at some point so if you come into woolies watch out because queues may be long what with getting to know the tills an all. After work I popped over to Jackies to give her pressie, yay! Then went to Paul's which was fun. We played Spiderman monoolopy! Yay! It was cool. :) Today may be off to Ikea to get bedroom furni. Dave why you break up with Becky? You two seemed cool.

 HI, Would just like to say that i enjoyed the cinema, and am apolagising for anything i did in my drunken state, and for anyone who doesnt already know, (i know news travels fast around here) i have split up with my girlfriend, i dumped her. Talk to you all soon Dave

 thats fine.

 Which celeb do I resemble ey? Um. Not anyone I can think of. Although at leavers ball a couple people said I reminded them of Nicole Kidman? Although I think that was more because of the dress. Cool Jackie :) Glad you had good day :) I finish work at 1.00 tomorrow so I'll be over between 1 and 2? If thats not ok then text me as I won't be online much tonight or tomorrow as I'll be at work...lol.

 Well worked this morning so didn't open my cards and one present until about 2.30pm! Work was boring and I was really tired, possibly because I didn't get to sleep until about 2am last night as I was so bloody hot! I went to bed at about 12.30am so I was pretty pissed off. I got a cool card from work, they give us weird cards and I was given one about marriage, it was quite funny especially some of the notes inside... I'm now getting married tomorrow to my good buddy susanna! I got given a School of Rock DVD from my parents, along with some money for my holiday and the money its gonna cost to get a provisional liceanse. My sister got me some stuff about driving, so that was fun! Oh yea and I got given some L plates... The rest of my "presents" was in fact money and I think it added up to about 250 all together, so not bad really! Althought its already gone down cause I owed my mum 20 and my dad 10! Cinema last night was good, meal was nice although I was kinda annoyed because there were some people there that I don't particulary like that much. Darren pissed me off because he did nothing but smoke all night. He had like 15 cigarrettes while we were out... About 7 after the film finished and before we got on the bus home. We were on the bus along with what seemed like the whole of the old year elevens, who were all drunk and probably high. They were also eating chicken and it was making me feel well hungry! When we got off the bus a few people got off after us and as we walked off home a fight broke out behind us, don't really know who was involved and didn't stick around long enough to find out. Stupid really because it probably ruined their night out! Nicki, that's fine if you wanna come round Monday, just give me a more direct time as I have to check I'm not working! I don't think I am... But you never know! I'm gonna shut up now.

 HAPPY BIRTHDAY JACKIE! Hope ya have a groovy day and get lots of goodies! Yay! If you are not busy on Monday perhaps I can pop over after work to give you your pressie on my way to Pauls house? Would do over weekend but working all day both days I think so no time :( But yea, have a cooooooool day! War and Peace yesterday was cool. Brought some more camo's. Slightly sunburnt....oh man it hurts so much! When I have a shower I thought ooo the water will perhaps cool it but oh no, just stings! GAH! Ah well. Working all day today. May try and book a weekend off somewhere just so I can relax a bit. So far all my weekends off have consisted of me taking them off for a reason so perhaps it'll be nice just to have a weekend to do sod all. Hope your day is cool everyone!

 At the moment, I'm wearing blue shorts and my tie-dyed Tempest t-shirt. I look a state, good job I'm not going anywhere. I've had a largely unexciting two days. Most exciting thing that has happened is me going to see the new Sainsbury's, which I'm quite impressed with :D My plans up to next Friday look a little like this: Today: Bugger all Tomorrow: Work, take my little brother to cinema to see Around The World In 80 Days :) Sunday: Nowt again. Probably tidy up my room and make a start on my homework (shocking!) Monday: Nicki coming over :) Tuesday: Work in the evening, during the day too if they'll let me Wednesday: Off to Nottingham to visit family! Thursday: Still in Notthingham Friday: Come back from Nottingham A question to everyone: Which celebrity do you think you resemble the most?

 Cool Jackie. Simon wants to go down park so I said may as well leave it up to Jackie and I as we organised the majority of then last summer. It was cool :) Well my week next week as far as I know (until I go work on Sat and check hours for week) is: Monday: working 9 - 12 being kingstore trained, then Pauls in afternoon Tuesday: having hair cut (yes cut cut short short, wel, short) Wednesday: possible work Thursday: possible work Friday: possible work I can't say for sure during the week until Sat. Sounds like a good idea anyway :) Today and tomorrow I am out at the war and peace show so should be good. It appears I have done my back in somehow. Perhaps I fell over during the night because it hurts rather alot. Gah. Have a cool day ya'll.

 Well... I'm working a lot of the holiday so won't be online much during the day. Iwant to organise a trip down the park if it's nice, so would be appriacited if I could have times you can't or can do :) Thanks.

 End of term guys and gals. Yay. Thank God for that. It came way too slowly. I have one lesson this morning and that is geology and that consists of watching the fifth element which at the moment I still stand by as being a bad film but then again only 1 hour into it, roughly. I am going Croydon tonight to get Jackie a pressie :) I know you said you didn't want any by Jackie you know I am gonna get you summit. You have just won one million dollars: 1. Who do you call first?&nbsp; Family then Paul. 2. What is the first thing you buy for yourself? A new life. No sorry I dunno. There isn't anything&nbsp;I desparatly want. Perhaps driving lessons then a car or something I dunno. 3. What is the first thing you buy for someone else?&nbsp; Whatever Paul wants. 4. Do you give any away? I'd give to the company or organisation that looks after the war graves. I am sure there must be a donation area somewhere and I shall donate. 5. Do you invest any? If so, how? Put some away in one of those accounts where if you don't touch it for like six years you get double or something silly like that. Put some away for uni and let interest gather.

 Paul: I bet it won't be......they do play other songs y'know. &nbsp; You have just won one million dollars: 1. Who do you call first? Mum/Dad 2 . What is the first thing you buy for yourself? The fattest, fastest computer I can build, oh yes - and a PowerMac G5 worth about 8000. 3. What is the first thing you buy for someone else? Laptop for Lora's bday. 4. Do you give any away? I'll give my parents some to put towards their new house. 5. Do you invest any? Yes, buy a small house in a popular holiday tourist place and rent it out to people.

 You have just won one million dollars: 1. Who do you call first? My mother obviously. 2. What is the first thing you buy for yourself? Probably a car or a house 3. What is the first thing you buy for someone else?&nbsp; Probably a holiday for all my mates 4. Do you give any away? Yea, but not straight away, I'd get some interest and then give some of the interest away 5. Do you invest any? If so, how? yes... I'd gt some stocks and put some away in a high interest bank so that I get lots of extra money.

 Hiya everyone, First of all if i won 1 million dollars, i would exchange it to pounds, then i would: 1 - Call Wayne, he is my best mate, 2 - First thing i buy for myself is a sony Ericsson P900 3 - Then i buy a cheep 2 door&nbsp;Astra for Wayne 4 - I&nbsp;only give money away to people who have done something significant for me in my life 5 - Invest the rest in a high interest bank account, maybe some in property. What would the rest of you do? Talk to you all soon. Dave&nbsp;

 You have just won one million dollars: 1. Who do you call first?&nbsp; 2. What is the first thing you buy for yourself? 3. What is the first thing you buy for someone else?&nbsp; 4. Do you give any away? 5. Do you invest any? If so, how?

 Oh dudes I am so tired today. I need sleeeeeep. The English trip was great. Really interesting and I learned alot. I found the whole Owen cemetery fascinating, what with that new unknown soldier an all. I feel that it shall be helpful for next years work. I must go to work soon so I shall bid you all farewell. &nbsp; Tom seriously please just blog at least once before yu go to Brazil. It's just getting stupid now.

 7th August? That's a bare long time away, blud. I'll think about it. Blatantly they'll play exactly the same set as last time anyway. &nbsp; Right, just got back from the Englidh Trip in France/Belgium. Will tell more about it when more awake

 1. Do you own a wristwatch? Describe. Yes, I like to think i am always where i say i will be when i say i will be there 2. How old were in you 1997? Younger than i am now, who really cares? 3. Which is more important financial success or personal happiness? Personal happiness, definatly, i would give away all my money if it ment i couldnt be happy socially 4. Can you whistle? No, never have been able to and probally never will be able to 5. Do you believe in the supernatural? I am unsure about this, i think i saw a 'ghost' once, but think alot&nbsp;of 'supernatural' goings on, can be explained &nbsp; Talk to you all soon, See you on Monday, Dave

 1. Do you own a wristwatch? Describe. Yes.. It is silver with a blue face, brought it mainly because people kept getting annoyed at me for asking the time! 2. How old were in you 1997? Urm... 10? 3. Which is more important financial success or personal happiness? Personal happiness 4. Can you whistle? Yes.. But not properly 5. Do you believe in the supernatural? Nope.

 Hehe, this sounds like fun.... 1. Yes I do have a wristwatch, it provides both analogue and digital functions. 2. 10. 3. Financial success is more important. Because this will lead to personal happiness. 4. Yes. 5. I'll believe it when I see it. Hehe, that driving instructor sounds leet. Oh yes, and Bad Obsession (Guns N' Roses tribute band) are playing at The Cartoon on Saturday 7th August. Come along Paul...I know you want to! (And anybody else)

 Oh dear well hope its all sorted soon guys! I'll be away for the next two days as will Paul due to English Lit trip to France and Belgium to the battlefields. I'm guessing i don't need to fret about the site as not a lot is posted at the moment. LOL. But anyway yea so keep chatting pleeeeeease TOM BLOOOOOOOOOG. 1. Do you own a wristwatch? Describe. Yes it was brought for the leavers ball from Next. The strap is thin and black and is pretty much broken. It's square. 2. How old were in you 1997? 11. Well 10 then 11 on my birthday being the 31st Decemeber as you all do know. 3. Which is more important financial success or personal happiness? Well I reckons that money can buy you happiness...so long as you have someone to share it with. 4. Can you whistle? No. 5. Do you believe in the supernatural? Yes!

 HIYA, Paul - yesterday the driving school of kenley phoned me, to let me know that there had been some kind of 'dissagrement' and that they had decided to 'terminate her contract' so in mordern language, that means they had an argument and sacked her. Kenley will probally call you as well paul, they said to me that if i want they would arrange me another instructor from kenley, but they also said they dont know what she is doing now. I have talked with tom about this and he aggrees that she is either gonna start up on her own or join another company, and kenley aggree that it would be good for us to stay with her. so i will be contacting her to find out what she is doing, and hopefully will be continuing my lessons with her. Talk to you all soon, Dave

 What?! Really? Why? How come? Tell me tell me!!!

 !!!NEWSFLASH!!! The driving instructor called Alison from Kenley School of Motoring, who myself paul and tom have has been sacked. !!!NEWSFLASH!!!

 1. Yes, but the straps broken and I haven't worn it in about a year now. It's a chunky black digital one 2. Um. When in 1997? 10/11 I guess 3. Personal happiness. There are some things money can't buy (for everything else, there's MasterCard) 4. Yeah. Not the two-fingers-in-mouth whistle though 5. Uh. It's possible I suppose. But I've never seen any paticularly good evidence, so it remains unknown

 Andy - you said you blogged yesterday but you haven't so please blog. Max - please blog. Tom - please blog we are not going to argue with every single thing you say. Tell us about your work shadowing or Brazil prepartaions or SOMETHING!!!!!! If no one knows quite what to blog here's a bit of fun, anwser the following questions and lets see what we find out: 1. Do you own a wristwatch? Describe. 2. How old were in you 1997? 3. Which is more important financial success or personal happiness? 4. Can you whistle? 5. Do you believe in the supernatural? When the blog starts to lag I shall post some more questions up. Some are random some need more thought so enjoy and lets find out some stuff. (I'll anwser them later once we've got some anwsers from you!!)

 This blog really needs a bit of resusatation or needs to be shocked back into life. hello everyonie, how are we all ??? Dave

 Man, it's deader than a dead dead thing around here UCAS week was alright, it got me out of lessons for three days, and got me some free food. Oh, and it was very informative of course :b I'm slightly miffed that my personal statent is about 30 lines too long. Bugger

 Hi, I am blogging!!! I thought UCAS days were benificial but got a bit tedious, maybe 1 or 2 days would have been enough, and they could have done with a bigger BBQ. I hope you are all well, i am good. I will blog properly when i get some time. Talk to you all soon, Dave

 No one has blogged this week :( Mind you I haven't either. Tom please blog? We don't argue with EVERY single thing you say. Andy blog too! Um so this week. UCAS, what do you all think of that? I feel that Tuseday was quite a waste as there were no art students and I really need to sort out how to aply to art colleges. I am sure it was helpful for people thinking of doing law and stuff, and for those who don't know what university is like. It was allright but I felt that it didn't help me that much. I'm still at school at the moment, doing my english lit presentation with Jenna. We're doing 'Anthem For Doomed Youth' by Sassoon and Owen. Its all very interesting and fun filled. I'm looking forward to the English Literature trip next week. I have to take LOTS of photos and do sketches as I am doing war in art and looking at the death side of things. Oh that reminds me I need to purchase some pollyfiller to use in art... Right noted. But also one of my artists I am researching has created the metal (or wood I am not sure) images that are in the Ypres memorial. All very interesting. Someone said they didn't want to go to France for two days and walk around graves, it isn't their thing. But its not walking around graves. Its walking around history. Each grave, each man who has died has a story, each man has their place in history. Even the cemeteries have their own small story to tell about why they are there. Everything there has a reason. Even the ones who have no name. Thats like a instand story of sadness because they are lost and no one knows where. Yea so should be good. A sad trip, but still good. If you could could everyone do a blog please? Just a quick one at least...

 I have visited the cinema twice this weekend. Saw Shrek 2 on Friday night Saw Mean girls on Saturday night Thought both films were brillaint and very funny! will be buying both on DVD when they come out. Had a great time :)

 Hi, I am good, just one thought for you, Paul and Max both have throte problems, something you wanna tell us boys???

 Work experience was good. Surfing the internet all day. T'riffic stuff. My throat keeps constantly getting infected - which is a nice sign of tonsilitus. Nice one. Not really an awful lot to talk about, oh yea, seein Lora tomorrow - W00T! Now what do I get her for her bday, hmm.

 Come on guys lets blog :) Lets hear how everyones work shadowing or experience went!! I didn't do it, instead I spent two days in school catching up on textiles work and it is looking pretty good. I now also hate Ken Livingston. Always have really. This whole thing about 4 by 4s. There is no problem with owning one. They are lot more comfortable than some cars and yea so they are big?? So what?? They don't actually take up more space its only because they are taller. Its actually handy haveing a jeep here as there are some roads around here they actaully help getting around on. Everyone has the right to choose. Banning them are going to create so many problems. I know about the stats saying about if you get hit by a 4 by 4 you are so and so more likely to be killed because they are higher but in that case people should just be more careful. The majority of jeep owners are older people who have been driving before and so know how to handle the roads senseibly. Ugh that man annoys me so much.

 Good luck with the rest of your trip! Don't do anything silly and die, like wrestle crocodiles, etc. Cya in about 2 weeks :D

 hello from tom and andy! Brazil Rocks! Hey everyone, this is a e-postcard! Brazil is sooo cool, see you all soon, good luck with your results! Bye

 I'm on holiday for the results. I leave on the 17th of August and omce back on the 31st of August. going to Majorca for two weeks! YAY... I'm working Friday, Saturday, Monday, tuesday, wednesday, Thursday, Friday, saturday... Then I'm off on holiday on the next Tuesday I think! Yay, money.

 I'm dying from lack of sleep. Got woken up at 9:45 today because I had to carry 6 chairs and a very large table into our back garden. I should be halfway during my sleep.

 Saw King Arthur last night. Thumbs up from me! Brought Freaky Friday today. Thumbs up from me! Work tomorrow afternoon, London with Paul on Thurs for art research, god knows what I'm doing on Friday then working all day at the weekend. Woo. 17 days (I think) til results. Oh pants.

 I was topless around 20 mins ago. Hard day today, the hight of all our things at work have been increased. Had to move everything around. 8 and half hours.

 Well well I'm not topless so neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer. :p Oh dear Lord the madness that did descend upon us at work today. We completed literally all weekend tasks on Saturday and so today could afford to do those jobs you never have time for such as: scanning off faulty goods and then: DESTROYING THEM!!! Yes. You see folks once you have scanned off a product which is faulty for whatever reason: doesn't sork, broken etc... then you must smash it up comepletely because they little pikeys can't get it out of the trash and then try and claim it for a refund. The fools. So once Lora had finished with toys and whatnot I set about on the electrial goods. Which are full of plastic, metal and other sharp objects. This left me with many a small cut on my hands, arms and face. Woo! The pain was worth the amusement of getting a mallet and smushing a kettle in one blow. Yes I really am the amazing spider-wo-man. Woooooo! Yea so after that we spent the rest of the afternoon with everyone slagging everyone else off. In a jokey way. All rather amusing. Ritchie slagging off Lora, Lora slagging him back. Me slagging of Deano, Deano not knowing what is going on. Char helping me confuse Dean etc.. etc... madness. All of it.

 I am currently topless. Contreversial

