 I finally saw the movie 'The Postman' on TV today. I haven't read David Brin's novel, so I can't comment on its faithfulness or otherwise thereof. I remember hearing that the movie was pretty universally panned when it came out, and I must say I can see why. As a post-apocalyptic scenario, the world depicted in the movie has obviously regressed back to a stage of technology and society that seems closer to the American Wild West than the sort of future vision sf movie-makers are so fond of. There is a fair amount of action, but the action isn't really the focus of the movie. In fact, the climax of the movie occurs when two opposing armies line up on a battlefield, and then, instead of proceeding with the usual bang-up battle, the two generals decide to have a one-on-one duel instead. Finally, the message of the movie is not some impossibly complex pseudo-philosophy - it's as simple as the belief that common decency and basic human values are what define us, and what will give us strength and preserve us through the hardest trials. It's obvious that a largely technophile, cynical and adrenalin-addicted critical machinery would find much to pan in this movie. Personally, I found that there were several self-indulgent patches, like the scenes with Tom Petty, a few overly-convenient plot twists and of course the kind of knee-jerk patrotism reflected by associating the national flag of a particular country (the US, in this case) with this sort of message makes me instinctively uncomfortable. On the other hand, I was quite amused to find that the movie's villain, the magalomaniac Bethlehem, treats what appears to be a typically desultory self-help book by one Nathan Holm as his Bible. I've always felt that those positive-thinking people are going to create a monster some day, and Bethelehem is exactly what I'm expecting. Having said all that, I basically enjoyed the movie. It seemed to veer rather close to the sort of thing you see on the Hallmark channel, but it basically is a good movie experience and a good story.

 I just suddenly had this probably very silly thought...it's as if we're all nymphomaniacs (actually, I guess that would have to be satyromaniacs) who've found employment in the flesh trade...and it isn't working out quite so well as we'd expected. Well, at least speaking for myself anyway.

 writing is something i'm expected to do. writing is something i want to. i write enough on demand. anything you want however you want it. reliable? flexible? scalable? campaignable? that's what i do because i have to. and then there's the stuff i write because i want to. not because i'm expected to. i value what i write , more because i have no obligations to anybody to write it, i owe it to nobody and more importantly there are no deadlines. i am my own. and when i want to write for myself, i don't want anyone else's restrictions pinning me down. guess many of us feel this way..... writing comes from within, not without...it's written because i like it, not anyone else. it's spontaneous, not mass-produced. that's all i guess...just another passing thought on the monitor...

 Contrary to popular perception, I will not talk about Matrix Reloaded (it doesn’t matter, there is no spoon any way). When I wanted, I couldn’t. Now that I can I don’t want to. Greater minds than mine have already done it better than I ever could. Just one thing though. Neo is a program. Moving on to other things or rather just one: Requiem For a Dream. If you have seen it, see it again. If you haven’t, what the hell you waiting for? A modern masterpiece with no matrix-type frills this movie is one that makes you take a long hard look at yourself and your addictions. So much so that for a while when the movie was still fresh, I was considering quitting chicken. Then the tongue took over. But all said & done, at first glance Requiem is a tough pill to swallow (pun intended). Then it all sinks in. Based on Hubert Selby Jr’s novel of the same name, this has to be Darren Aronofsky’s best movie yet. It’s all about drugs and addictions. Stark in its outlook, the whole movie is one relentless sensory assault that makes you butt out that cigarette you’re smoking right now. The movie is about 4 people. Each with their aspirations for and perceptions of greatness. Till drugs get in their way. It’s about Harry Goldfarb (Jared Leto of Fight Club fame), his friend Tyrone (Marlon Wayans of I’m-Damon-Wayan’s-brother fame), his girfriend Marianna (Jennifer Connely of Beautiful Mind) and most of all, and in a bizarre twist, his mother Sarah Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn). For a movie that starts with a split-screened crime, this movie just goes on to higher things. Especially amazing is how we never really see the characters (except Sarah) do drugs, the director uses a very novel visual mnemonic to convey a lot of things besides this. Hysterical, unreal, surreal, frightening. That’s what this movie is. With a brilliant background score to boot. From how Harry and Tyrone get a hit, get high, get going to Marianne’s slow and steady addiction to Sarah’s equally low & steady downward spiral this movie has it all. From a kooky self-help game show that initiates Sarah’s spiral to perverts out for a good time. Watch out for these things though: the (wo)man-eating refrigerator, the addict-exploiting black (didn’t catch his name). It’s worth a see. And if you’re of masochistic leanings watch it back to back. So although I can go on, in the interests of winding up I leave you with this: www.requiemforadream.com (just go with the flow of the website's flash and you'll get it) PS: How the fuck did Julia Roberts win an Oscar that year, with Burstyn around? In my highly-humble opinion, this movie should’ve made a mark on the Oscars.

 My friend Toto has kindly offered to put up some of my mumblings on Hypnos, his music review site (see link in right side panel), the ones that he feels are of interest to his audience. It's not so big a deal in the larger cosmological scheme of things, but it made me feel good anyway. More details as and when they arise. Thanks, Toots! In the meantime, Gautham Shenoy, where are you? It's safe to share your views on The Matrix: Reloaded, now...

 Nice to have you around, man. How's IBM treating you? Yes, the subjects we studied in old JPEng did give us an interesting grounding in some very basic areas of human experience...if only to realise that little as we know about these matters, the experts, apprently, know even less! And it's comforting to know you are very upset, too... I've always liked your poems - the few I've seen at cul-fests and trawling through your left-over files back at Opus. Throw some more at us!

 Greetings fellow obscurities, Funny that the title of this 'blog' seems really clear to me. So much, i almost feel overfamiliar. Am honestly tickled pink, with so much literature by an unquestionable enigma (that may be only for the sophomores you knew, jp; as our senior, we could never read you). And as it seems, all of us walk the same path - in/about/over thought; communication (students of the masses that we tried to be); language (passed all these amusing accents, including them from down under); and behaviour (thanks to our greatest subjects combination for bachelor's degree: Journalism, Psychology, and English). To keep discussions running, with frustrations and anxieties over affairs of this state of our mediums, I assure you all that I am incredibly upset too. But for now, this is a short poem (seems like one, though it means very differently to me): can hardly explain it the grand old debates; are you able to understand exactly what i mean? words fail at the footsteps of feel. so humanly vain are they: to draw it all, yet reveal nothing. ah. (how many words can describe what i feel)

 Well. I went to theater. I saw it. Huge chunks of machinery were blown up. People drove vehicles recklessly and at insane speeds. Various intricately-orchestrated battles transpired. One totally irrelevant rave-party spliced with deeply emotional love-making scenes gyrated across the stage. All the old Plot Devices - the One, his Mentor/Prophet, his Woman, the Oracle, the Agent (now able to endlessly replicate himself, but to no avail since he keeps getting thwarted anyhow) are back. A few new Plot Devices - The Keymaker (who even admits to his nature as a Plot Device, telling Neo when asked "How do you know all this?', 'It’s my purpose to know these things.' Exactly.), some older programs, gone renegade and turned into Decadent Aristocrats, one of whom trades the Keymaker to Neo in return for a kiss (really) and yet another portentous polysyllable-spewing cardboard cutout, the System Architect. While we're talking about the System Architect, I must say any scriptwriter who puts the word ‘ergo’ into someone’s mouth not just once but twice in the course of the same scene is just wanking. Much of this movie could be dismissed as wanking, by the way. The even more stunning set-pieces, the intricately choreographed fight sequences which seem to extend beyond the demands of mere plot, functioning as a sort of balletic ars gratia artis, the portentous pronouncements by Morpheus (which can be summed up in a few simple phrases: This is a war. Neo is the One. We are all soldiers. We will win. I believe.), the Supermanesque (or should that Supermanly? Damned if I know) flight scenes, all they achieve is to up the spectacle-factor. On another level though, this movie genuinely takes the story-arc further, adding satisfying ambiguities and uncertainties to the first film's fairly simple, messianic storyline. Neo is the one, but no one, even himself, is sure quite what that means or what he will achieve. The introduction of the concept of endless recurrence makes one wonder whether there is any real freewill or purpose in all this. At this point, Neo clearly makes a choice, choosing the moment, the human element, the love of his woman over the chance to start again with a clean slate. But, as the Oracle tells him his choice was pre-ordained. The important point is to understand why he has to make the choices he does. Beyond the illusion of freewill lies the challenge of understanding. And so forth. All in all, a very thrilling experience, and also satisfying to me because it takes the premises of the first part to new, interesting places. On the downside, a lot of the acting and dialogue is flat, the style cannot hide a certain paucity of substance (particularly in those inane speeches by Morpheus and the Architect), Carrie-Anne Moss just isn’t that pretty, and thank (insert appropriate cosmic force here) the last part is coming out late this year, otherwise we’d all have just too long to wait for resolution. I’m being rather kind about the movie because it is willing to ask tough questions and mostly doesn’t resolve them with pat answers. Mainly, it’s only a movie and I expect far less out of SF movies than I would from the written word, so any intelligence at all is a happy surprise. I doubt I’ll bother to watch it more than once though. Apart from the gut-level thrills, most of the more cerebral content in the movie has a high decay-rate.

 Another day gone by. I was extremely unproductive today. There's something about totally tech writing that numbs my mind. Fortunately, the people I work with recognize this and intend to get someone with a proper tech writing background if we get more of this sort of work. Also, coordinating an entire project, small though it may be, is turning out to be extremely exasperating. The sheer number of phone calls I have to make, to take just one example, is incredibly disturbing. And then I have to talk to each individual in their own vocabulary – the client, my designer, the tech guy…oof! Well, I’m finally going to go see The Matrix Reloaded tonight. Expect nose-in-the-air comments and general intellectual urlLink onanism tomorrow.

 urlLink The Agony Column Book Reviews and Commentary This site has reviews of books from various genres, but basically avoids the vast over-hyped wasteland of mainstream fiction. It covers sf, fantasy, horror, mystery and certain kinds of non-fiction, eschewing 'fat fantasy' and cliched space-opera. I haven't been able to research much into it's antecedents, but I did my usual trick of searching out reviews of certain specific books and comparing my own views with the ones in the reviews. It's a totally subjective method, I realise, but everyone needs a yardstick and urlLink I am mine . It takes a little while to figure out how to find exactly what you want, but it's worth the effort.

 urlLink The Physiognomy – Jeffrey Ford The blurb announces that this book won the Fantasy Book of the Year Award 1998. Despite that, it seems like it might be worth reading. A fan of Tolkien and urlLink Eddisson , I've come to view the contemporary fantasy scenario with some chagrin. Endless epics that seem to go nowhere, made-to-order trilogies, childish humour and weak plotting masquerading as Douglas Adams-style comedy, and an overall tendency to cater to the kind of people who generally want a lot of battles and intrigue but think the usual Jeffrey Archer-type stuff is infra dig. I still get suckered into trying out some of those books now and then, but on the whole, I’ve decided to stay away. Ford’s novel however seemed to have the sort of off-kilter, daringly inventive premise that writers like urlLink Iain M. Banks or urlLink JG Ballard specialize in. The world Ford describes actually falls somewhere in between a sci-fi world and a fantasy one. An interesting hybrid. And thankfully, there are no magicians/sorcerer/dragons/magic swords or other urlLink well-tempered plot devices. The story itself revolves around Cley, who is also the narrator. Cley is a master Physiognomist, trained to detect all there is to know about a person from the disposition of their external features. Nose-to-chin ratios, that sort of thing. He is in service to Drachton Below, a sinister figure who rules the Well-Built City, which itself was constructed by Below in the image of his own mind, something like the urlLink memory palaces used by some medieval scholars as a mnemonic device, only made concrete in a reversal of the usual process. Cley is sent to a backwaters town to investigate the disappearance of a religious artifiact, a fruit, apparently brought back from Paradise. He finds this assignment extremely unpalatable and shows it in his dealings with the townspeople. In fact, Cley comes across as a brutal, arrogant character in this part of the story. Various incidents transpire, culminating in his mutilation of the lovely Arla, a remarkable intelligent woman with a surprising talent for physiognomy, and various other significant connections. The second part of the story deals with Cley’s incarceration on a prison island, Doralice, accused of treason against Below, and the transformation he undergoes there. This was where all forms of dissidents, including his own mentor, were sent to work in the sulphur mines, until they died. Most of the previous inmates were sent here on the strength of Cley’s investigations. Now, in the same situation as his own former victims, he finds his alignments changing, and his always-fragile loyalty to Below crumbling. Each prisoner in the mines was assigned a particular tunnel. Walking down the tunnels made by dead prisoners, he finds each of them has transformed the inside of his tunnel to reflect his own thoughts, ideas and dreams. The experience gives Below a new insight into them. Simultaneously, there are a lot of odd things taking place on the island – a sentient monkey, Silencio, who becomes his main companion, and is apparently the true ruler of the island, a Night Captain Matters and a Day Captain Matters who are either brothers or two different manifestations of the same person. The whole atmosphere is very urlLink Kafkaesque , and also comes close to the deranged but oddly convincing reality you might encounter in the works of urlLink Gabriel Garcia Marquez . Eventually, Cley is granted a reprieve by Below, recalled to the Well-Made city with all charges against him dropped and his position reinstated. Now comes perhaps the weakest part of the novel. Cley, increasingly disgusted with Below's megalomania, begins plotting against him in secret and becomes involved with some sort of numinous resistance movement. Eventually, Below is defeated, the City destroyed and Cley and his accomplices escape to a pastoral idyll. The ending seems to be a cop-out to me – an oddly urlLink Luddite, anti-technological denouement. Cley's ultimate ineffectuality as a protagonist is also disappointing - he does not really do things to shape the plot, especially in the final section. Although the quality of Ford’s prose and his sheer conceptual inventiveness remains unbroken through the novel, I got the feeling he lost the thread somewhere and quickly drew the plot towards some sot of ending. This is one book that really could have been spun out a bit further. So this is an intriguing, exciting, but ultimately unsatisfying novel - a flawed gem, if you like. I’ve oversimplified things in my review- many significant characters and incident are left out. But I think my conclusion is fair enough. However, this is apparently the first volume of a trilogy. I haven't yet been able to get hold of the other two books, but if nothing else, this one has convinced me that the effort will be worth it.

 ...helps keep me sane. I'm a firm believer in plain English. Simple, meaningful statements that actually communicate. Unfortunately, in this catchphrase-driven, buzzword-ridden world, that attitude doesn't really go very far. It goes about as far as my own personal communication and writing. When it comes to the stuff I write in the profesional arena, there are expectations to be met. My client expects to see those inane phrases and acronyms, which is fair enough in a way, because HIS client expects to see those inane phrases and acronyms. If I sit and write a brochure for a tech company in plain, deconstructed language, it just wouldn't make business sense for the tech company. I personally feel the semantic content of human discourse is being devalued (there I go with my own personal jargon) but there's little I can do about it. So I've had to accept a compromise - between getting all worked up over it day in and day out, or gritting my teeth and plunging into the world of arbitrary neologisms and barbaric, rigged-up phases. Ultimately, it's only a job. In my own free time, I'm free to write or speak the way I want to. One day, perhaps, I'll be in a position to buck the trend, in whatever small way I can. In the meantime I build a wall inside my head and endure...

 After putting together the little sketch I call 'imaginary rock n' roll conversation', I suddenly wondered whether Rob Trujillo actually has dreadlocks. I did a urlLink Google image search and found no evidence. However, I seem to recall seeing an Ozzfest video where he very clearly had dreads. Or am I fooling myself? Who knows. It was a good gag, anyway....

 Handwriting is any day better than Arial...hmmm. Have you seen my handwriting lately, Shenoy? Seriously, although I emotionally identify with what you're saying, I can't really agree. There's always an affection for the older way of doing things, because it has been around for so long and we've built up so many associations towards it. But every new method is an opportunity to translate those associations, to perform the same human actions in new and sometimes better ways. The Indian Post could never have achieved the miracle of letting my friend Anand in Qatar tell me about my friend Vinod in London's wedding reception in Bangalore in time for me to contact Vinod and find out when and where. There's the touch! Also, I would compare your argument to one that I came across somewhere in Plato, where this person criticises the invention of writing, because it allows people to note things down, eliminating the need to consciously recall those things. He felt it would result in people using their minds less and less. In actual fact, the development of external memory devices has only freed the human mind to use its processing power to better effect. I've always been a science fiction fan. I really believed the world could become that way, in my lifetime. Well, I'm still waiting for the space age to happen. But in the meantime, the communication age is one thing that is happening - and it's up to us to seize the opportunity to use it the way we want to. Got any thoughts? You can call me, mail me, sms me, or just walk into the place where I live and tell me yourself - whatever seems to be the easiest, best way to get in touch with me!

 (Midnight in the Osbourne Mansion. A phone rings. Ozzy picks it up) Ozzy: Hello? Jerry Cantrell: Ozzy, it's me, Jerry. Ozzy: Jerry!? Do you know what time it is? Jerry Cantrell: I'm in Seattle, Ozzy. It's always dark. It's always raining. I think it's gonna rain when I die... Ozzy: You should talk. I'm from Birmingham, y'know. Well, chin up, Jerry. Repeat after me: 'I am Iron Man'. Jerry Cantrell: 'I am Iron...' fuck, haven't I already done this somewhere? Look Ozzy, I'm calling you 'cause I need a bassist. Ozzy: Again? What happened to the last one I Gave you, you twit? Jerry Cantrell: Don't degrade me, Ozzy. I can do that myself... Ozzy: Oh yeah, I forgot. You're grunge. So what happened to Mike? Jerry Cantrell: Inez? Well, he went and played with Slash and now I can't look him in the eye... Ozzy: You kids today. Tony and Geezer went and played with Ronnie Dio, and even they can't look him in the eye. No one can, except a few hobbits. Well okay, how about Rob? Jerry Cantrell: Trujillo? But he has dreadlocks! Ozzy: Don't worry, they're not contagious. Jerry Cantrell: If you say so. But tell him, no slap-pop on my songs. Ozzy: What you really need is Geezer but I'm waiting until you use up all your other options. Okay, I'll tell Rob no slap-pop. Will there be anything else? Jerry Cantrell: Well, I'm short a drummer... Ozzy: Really? Oh, I suppose you can borrow Puffy as well. Jerry Cantrell: Puffy Coumbs? Ozzy: No, Puffy Bordin. And you better be grateful! Jerry Cantrell: 'Scuse the 'tude, but I haven't eaten in days... Ozzy: Is that a fact? Jerry Cantrell: ...and my eyes are turning grey. Well, bye Ozzy. Thanks for everything! Ozzy: G'bye. (He hangs up and lapses into an incoherent stupor. Phone rings again. He picks it up...no rest for the wicked, you see) Ozzy: Hello, Ozzy here. James Hetfield: Ozzy, it's me James. I need a new bassist! Ozzy: You, too? James Hetfield: U2 needs a new bassist? What do I care? I'm a Metallicat! Ozzy: Ah, never mind. What happened? Another little 'accident' with the touring bus? James Hetfield: No, no. Jason said he couldn't handle the pressure of being in Metallica anymore. Ozzy: What a load of crap! James Hetfield: Funny, that's exactly what he said, too... Ozzy: Well, how about Mike? James Hetfield: Inez? Well he went and played with Slash... Ozzy: Here we go again. What about Rob? James Hetfield: Trujillo? But he has dreadlocks! Ozzy: Don't worry, they're not contagious. James Hetfield: If you say so. But tell him, no slap-pop on my songs! Ozzy: What you really need is Lemmy, but I'm waiting until you use up all your other options. Well, I just lent Rob to jerry Cantrell, so you'll have to wait a bit... James Hetfield: No problem. We've got Bob Rock to play bass on the album. Ozzy: Bob Rock? Didn't he used to be a professional wretler...or a drag queen...or something? James Hetfield: Somethung like that. Well, thanks Ozzy. Ozzy: Anytime. Bye. (He hangs up. Stares vacantly into oblivion. Suddenly, a look of confusion spreads across his cretinous features like an oil spill creeping across a mud puddle.) Bloody hell! Who'llplay bass for me now?( He picks up the phone and dials frantically.) Ozzy: Hello, Jason...?

 hey man, it's nice to team up with you again...online just adds to the excitement. all said & done, it's time to lock horns again...

 Handwriting is any day better than Arial. The monitor is a bad substitute for a letter. And messenger doesn’t even come close to a telephone conversation. And I’ll wish you with an e-greeting…get the drift? Technology was supposed to make life easier, but better? Hmmm…like who cares today to take a sheet of paper and write a letter, when you can send e-mail? When was the last time you read a letter? When was the last time you posted a greeting. Yeah, so hotmail is easier and cheaper than the Indian postal service and ditto for messenger and the telephone department. But where’s the personal touch in all this? Case in point: there was a time when a friend and me (you know who you are) used to take a piece of paper and fill it with lines in turns, hoping to see a poem by the time we reach the end of the page. Today I’m invited to blog to do the same thing. Nice. Very new, very interesting. I’m game. Anyway the end is the same. But what about the means? Aren’t we missing something here? Doesn’t anyone miss putting pen to paper anymore? Well, I’ve rambled enough, I’ll stop. You start thinking. You got an opinion about this? Get in touch with me. Don’t call me, I’ll probably be busy. Send me an sms...

 it's kinda tough finding good scifi/fantasy content on the 'net, because a lot of sites cater to the movie/tv scifi fans as well, and a lot of other sites tend to pander to the 'mainstream' crowd, the sort of people who reckon that Robert Jordan is the greatest fantasy author alive, for instance. Well, I've finally found a site that lives up to my standards - the reviews are by far the most insightful and useful I've found, the feature articles and interviews are of a high standard and they have a HUGE collection of very good scifi short stories up for online reading. Check 'em out! urlLink Infinity Plus!

 Tonse Gautham Shenoy aka The Shenoy , a good friend, quizzing partner and general accomplice of mine has kindly consented to join my blog and contribute his own vague and obscure mumblings. Yay!!!

 At some point during the convoluted history of the European intellect, many wise men thought that Hebrew was the primordial Divinely-endowed language of mankind, bestowed upon the first man by blind old Nobodaddy, YHWH himself. It was further thought that if a human child was brought up unexposed to any linguistic stimuli, she would naturally speak Hebrew. Now we know that if a child is not exposed to language within the first 5 years of life, it's likely she will never be able to speak. The basic capacity for language in the human sense may be wired into our brains, but it needs to be activated before a certain date. Mowgli may have been able to grunt and growl with his jungle friends, but once he followed the little girl back to her village, he would find it exceedingly hard, and ultimately impossible, to learn to talk to her or anyone else. The amazing thing about this is that, contrary to a reality that could probably be rather easily discovered, savants of the highest scholarly distinction seriously believed that a child could speak any kind of human language without some training. We believe what we want to, and we know or think only what our beliefs allow us to. It's better to believe in as little as possible, I believe. Yes, I've been reading urlLink Umberto Eco!

 I've been noticing how my various bosses over the years have dealt with me, each in their own unique way. The first one quickly set himself up as a mentor, spending long hours giving me in-dept lectures on various conceptual issues related to the business we were in(this was an ad agency). He used to make me take notes and rate my progress on a quarterly basis. It was a bit suffocating at times, but also very exhilirating because I really was learning a lot. Of course, it meant I'd have to spend that much more time balancing following up on our learning sessions and turning in work that lived up to my 'intrinsic ability' and reflected the added gyaan he was giving me. My next boss followed the Socratic method. Whatever I showed him (this was an ad agency, too), he'd wrinkle his nose, mumble 'fruitcake' and then require me to do it all over again. He'd keep trashing my work and then around 11.00 PM, by which time I'd given up all hope, he'd say 'Okay,you can go home now. But you have to finish this job by tomorrow.' Pause. 'One way or the other.' So I'd go home, tormented tired and frustrated. Smoke a spliff, listen to some Tool or Tea Party and crash out. The next morning, realising the damn job still had to be done, I'd randomly scribble stuff in my notepad on the way to work and hurl it in his face. He'd look at it with an oddly sentimental expression on his face for about half a minute and then say, 'Right. Make it so.' I'm not kidding, he actually used to say that. He was a big Star Trek fan, the only reason why I forgave him for also being a Bee Gees maniac. The odd thing is, this pattern happened for EVERY SINGLE job he gave me. The results were amazing, but the emotional stress was just too much. My current boss (this one is a web design company)seems to revel in heaping an entire brief on me, saying 'I want you to be the point man on this project,' and then occasionally sticking his head into my cubicle to grin and remind me of all the upcoming deadlines and, oh, by the way, here's a new project. Then he sticks around for a while explaining how he sees me functioning in the larger strategic scheme of things and encouraging me to interact more with the client and basically try and read their minds while I'm at it. I guess it's their job to be bossy, all these fine gents, but I can't help but wonder if perhaps I'm being singled out by all these people for particulalry mind-warping treatment.

 I studied journalism back in college. Plus, my dad is a journalist. The overall impression I've been able to form of the profession is that it's about gathering and dispersing timely information to the masses. Fair enough, right? Apparently, that's all wrong. As Douglas Adams observed, newspapers, magazines, TV news channels, they all actually exist as a means to deliver an audience to their advertisers. Fair enough. But at least the pretext thereof, the news, is still the news, right? Wrong, again. The name of the game is PR, not journalism. I used to work in the ad biz. At that point, I wrote several press releases for clients. And found that the press just reprinted them verbatim, without even checking my facts. That was my first shattering revelation. I know it seems all very naive, but I was rather dissapointed. Especially when one of my releases appeared, virtually unedited, in my father's newspaper under his byline. Who do you trust anymore? Still, the couple of little changes he made to my copy were for the better, so at least my respect for the man as a wordsmith goes undamaged. I later spoke with other friends of mine in the journalism racket, and they told me they rarely touch releases because the advertisers might get pissed. Ah, so. Well, this was a more general intro to the fact that I think there is something rotten in the state of the press. What I really want to do is share a specific incident regarding a wannabe glossy entertainment mag and the nascent Indian rock scene. Await my next installment for all that.

 Here we go. Await further vagueness and obscurity.

 It was worth it. I normally don't enjoy these rock shows at music stores - all those racks get in the way of the stage, there's far too many people just generally elbowing in to gawk for a while in between looking for the latest pop fix and so forth. But motherjane made it worthwhile. Much as I respect support blah blah the perennially beleaguered Indian rock scene, there are, in reality, only about 6 or 7 bands that I actually find worth watching. motherjane is definitely one of them. Their style is mainly thinking-man's melodic hard rock with tasteful traces of prog, funk, classical and metal. It probably isn't the sort of stuff that's my mainstay these days, but its always heartening to come across a band with high standards of lyrical and musical content. They're also the only band in India right now with a song that I can relate to my own current life - 'Prison Chains', a song about ...work. Their album, Insane Biography, enjoyed rather good production, courtsey Didier Weiss, a French-expat who now lives in Auroville and was also responsible for the studio polish on Thermal And A Quarter's second album, Jupiter Cafe. The high quality of the package just made it easier to appreciate the sterling values of motherjane's sound - their brand of hard rock gets you with the grooves and the riffs and the melodies, but it also offers lyrical and musical niceties in plenty - a healthy overdrive,so to speak. The most amazing thing is, they are fully capable of delivering all this finesse and fire live. They know how to get a decent mix out of the PA, the musicians are at ease, in control, channeling rather than just playing their songs. The two-guitar team works brilliantly - they may be one of the few bands here that knows how to really make use of two of those creatures to seriously mix textures and parts and genuinely add to the song beyond the comforting wall of sound a second guitr provides. Vocalist Suraj just never fails to amaze me with his ability to effortlessly to deliver every pitch, every little nuance of the vocal lines you hear on the album. Another great thing was that they played a totally original set, except for the apparently obligatory Iron Maiden encore (Be Quick Or Be Dead, this time). When they followed it up with their own song, Disillusioned (which by the way, I just heard my friend Jack has written the script for the video to), it was clear that they should stick to playing originals - thats where they really gel, competent as their covers are.I think thats a good sign - it means they very definitely have their own 'voice'. So it was good. I'm glad I went. Let's hope there's more of the same to come...more real shows by worthwhile bands, not just cobbled-together media-friendly issue-based gigs, 'corporate' rock shows (oxymoron if there ever was one), old farts playing lounge rock and of course the usual kids experimenting desultorily with various shades of metal. (I just had to say something negative about SOMETHING sooner or later!)

 Well I'm off to see urlLink motherjane playing at Music World, the first concert I've actually felt like going for since the urlLink Cryptic show . Motherjane should be worth it - the album (Insane Biography) was really good, great songwriting and great musicianship, but the last show I saw of theirs was just ok. Well, I'll find out now, won't I?

 I realised my taste in music has become totally non-generic. Once upon a time, if I liked a band, I would find out what genre they were and try to find other bands like that. Now, that seems a very silly plan to me. Why on earth would you want to listen to a band that sounds like something you've already heard? These days, if I like a band, I try and find the rest of their albums. Full stop. If I find another band that sounds like them, especially a newer band, I tend to ignore them. Examples: Coldplay, Creed, Godsmack. I just couldn't care less about these three bands, seeing as how I can listen to Radiohead, Pearl Jam and Alice In Chains instead. Of course, Coldplay is the only one in the lot who are actually any good, but even so, I'm just not interested. Similarly, I don't identify my music taste by genre anymore. Once upon a time, when asked what I listen to, I'd say 'metal' or 'grunge' or whatever. Now, I just give the questioner a quick cross-section of what I'm currently into (say, Radiohead, VAST, Beck, The Tea Party, Tool) and let them figure it out. No conclusions being drawn, just reporting. Still searching for sound underground...

 Thou shalt go forth and procure thyself a copy of Radiohead's Hail to the Thief forthwith if thou hast not already done so. Oyez.

 And right away I had a chat about this idea (see: Human?) with my friend Pierre. He brought up a few wrinkles I hadn't thought of. See for yourself (he's LouNgefly, I'm not): Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: hey, Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: I had a sudden new thought LouNgeflY says: yea LouNgeflY says: shoot Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: about humanity and artificial intelligence Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: right now computers etc act as external brain-supplements Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: eventully they'll be able to wire it all into your head Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: ultimately do away with the whole orgsanic component Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: organic, sorry LouNgeflY says: haha LouNgeflY says: a retarding thought Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: yea LouNgeflY says: like johnny mnemonic Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: mmm, yea Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: so wld we still be considered human? LouNgeflY says: not really LouNgeflY says: our synapses would be on overdrive LouNgeflY says: mechanical thought function LouNgeflY says: that wouldnt categorise you as human Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: a lot of mind functions are mechanical in effect LouNgeflY says: maybe bodily LouNgeflY says: true LouNgeflY says: with no wire tho Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: organic equivalents - Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: synapses, neurons LouNgeflY says: :heh Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: its hard to define the point where humanity stops Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: nice conversation point though LouNgeflY says: that is true LouNgeflY says: true LouNgeflY says: but honestly do you think its possible LouNgeflY says: if they've taken so long to clone Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: cloning is a bit different LouNgeflY says: yea i know that Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: it only replicates dna code, not personality Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: a clone of a cat doesnt always have the same fur pattern Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: for example LouNgeflY says: so your saying its going to be like plug and play Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: yea...exactly! Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: at birth LouNgeflY says: sounds good to me LouNgeflY says: that might save people a lot of trouble Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: yep Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: sign me up for one! LouNgeflY says: hhhehh LouNgeflY says: unless the system gets a hold of it LouNgeflY says: in which case we're fuct Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: true LouNgeflY says: so its a gamble in the end Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: yea LouNgeflY says: it will probably further the law and order dept: Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: i didnt think of that LouNgeflY says: i'd go with agent orange LouNgeflY says: thebest bet Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: hehehe LouNgeflY says: "love the smell of napalm in the morning" Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: hahaha Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: got my orange crush... LouNgeflY says: hehh OK, we got kinda retarded at the end...like the man said, its a retarding thought.

 Some day, perhaps, we will replace our brains with highly advanced, super-miniaturized computers. The operation will take place at birth, the cranium sliced open, the fleshy mass removed and in its place a silicon marvel that will integrate with the nervous system, become the organism’s mind, grow with it, just like the mind the organism was born with only faster, more sophisticated, with a larger memory, a wider repertoire of functions and the ability to interface directly with cyberspace. A mind that was designed by intelligent research and invention rather than the thoughtless currents of organic evolution. When that day comes, people will wonder how primitive man ever got by with a mere fleshy brain. Unfortunately, by that time, we will be buried so deep under the debris of time we will never have the chance to tell them. Will these people, with their upgraded minds, their superior software and hardware, will they be human in any real sense? Or will they be less? Or more? Or just plain different?

 Yesterday was a GREAT day...I picked up Radiohead's Hail to the Thief and recieved a copy of Ports Of Entry, an overview of William Burrough's artistic work (thank you thank you thank you Prem)...my head feels like it's alive again.

 Come on Mr. Sen...don't just stop at that. You don't have to inscribe your whole argument in one sitting (I realise that kind of concentrated cerebration may be beyond you), but at least dish it all out in regular installments...we await. Towers, open fire. Word falling. Image falling.

 aha? in the beginning was the word; that was never understood, then attributed to supernatural forces, and finally consigned to fate. jp's musings about re-starting (per se) civilisation, on some uninhabited stretch of time (if we ever discover such a thing), interested me most in the idea of having to begin/create a new language altogether ... the thought of being at the point of creation, before any concept of history itself. (however, musings apart, being grounded in the age we belong to, the suggestion actually transformed (for me), from considering rescheduling/reinventing time, to the need for being timeless, as such.) the idea immediately led me to a certain north american tribe, discussed in detail by terrence mckenna, about this particular language/tribal tongue that has no words; a language that is completely based on (physical) expression, and phonemes. the subject leads on to language, and the significance of onomatopoeic speech, as of natural expression. there is so much to discuss therein, that i have already decided to abandon this piece. (groan)

 That’s how much of everything you can peacefully ignore in this world we have made without missing out on anything new and interesting. 99% of music, books, movies, technology, politics, people. People most of all. The tricky part is, it isn’t very safe to ignore that 99%. That 99% could very well be the new universally accepted fascist norm that you had better find some accommodation with or retreat from if you want to survive in any meaningful way. Eternal vigilance is the price of intelligence.

 A sudden riff that came up during a chat between Jaddu and me. Jaddu's Ectoplasm, I'm the other guy: Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: wishful beginnings... ectoplasm says: hmm ectoplasm says: all stubbed out now Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: fagged out Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: in the ashtray of lost dreams Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: we float like wet ashes Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: in the froth of a cancerous smoker's Religion for Retarded - Lessons 13 and 14 says: yellowed phlegm ectoplasm says: uuurgh ectoplasm says: hock ectoplasm says: thhttthoooo Well, I though it was cool....

 Behold the void. It lies concealed within every facet of your life. Extrapolate that, run it through every possible scenario. Find the yawning abyss grinning its untenanted rictus at you from every crevice. What then is our burden? To trudge through the inane wasteland, grasping at straws and chasing after a safe shelter from the storms? To roll with the nameless ageless tides, the random currents, seeking our own paths of least resistance? To grin back, and let the emptiness breed within? Or dare we consider this universe a challenge, a gauntlet thrown in our faces? Shall we fight back and strive to inscribe significance into the swirling mists? Or isn’t that what we already do by the very act of existing?

 It's the middle of the week. It's been a long day at work. I need to get home. And this auto driver asks me if I want to go to a ladies bar (basically a cabaret joint). What's happening to this city...

 empty pages. even emptier words. emptiness prevails. emptiness everywhere. every time. in everyone. emptiness in mind, body & soul. the emptiness of purpose. emptiness inside. outside. empty promises. empty goals. empty ideals and emptier morals. where's the meaning? where's the value? empty questions. empty vessels. don't answer. don't tell. it'll all be empty. i've given up. the search for any reason. the pursuit of joy. the quest for hope. even pandora's box lies empty before me. it's all empty now. emptied of emotion. except the lies. it's only the lies that are loaded. only the lies are the truth. the rest are just empty. the truth. empty. recognise and realise. go ahead, actualise. succeed. go ahead, fill your life with lies. fill it with emptiness. and when you're full, turn around, there'll still be room for more. emptiness. there can never be enough of it. you are full of it. you are the world. empty yourself of all that is good, that is right. empty your soul of natural virtues. my endaemonism lies wasted by your empty head. go on, fill your void with emptiness. satiate the vacuum in your mind, body and psyche. complete yourself with all the available emptiness…

 I must try and write simpler sentences. I must try and use smaller words. I must resist self-indulgent writing. I must stop writing notes to myself. I must get a life. And a wife by 2010...? Yea, right...

 Corporate marketing communications...a kind of fiction without the art. From urlLink David Soyka's profile on urlLink Strange Horizons

 This one's from urlLink Brian C. Wright , sf writer. He seems to be a very well-read man, and this came from an urlLink interview , so I'm not sure if it's his own or some quote I can't place: Grave people ponder jokes as if they contain profundities; light-hearted people laugh off deep questions as if they are jokes.

 Imagine if you could start it all over again. Just you and around half a dozen other people. Men and women, boys and girls, washed up on some unknown shore, dumb, naked but blessed with all the native ingenuity and inventiveness of this human species. To create language, art, science, technology, culture, society, law, the whole deal, from scratch. Blessed with a racial memory of this world, our world, the one you were in before, what would you do differently, what subtle chains of events would you set in place to ensure a better future than this one? How would you prevent your language from degenerating into a tool of control and misdirection, your art from lapsing into a sterile formal travesty, your science from wandering into dead-ends of false paradigms, your technology from expecting humanity to serve it rather than vice-versa, your culture from spiraling into contexts for more control, more intolerance, your society from arming itself against diversity and change, your law from decaying into an ad-hoc system of quid pro quo? And even if you could, would you want to? Would you want to sacrifice freewill to create a deterministic world, no matter how enlightened and beautiful? Think about it, and let me know if you have an answer. (Shout Out or use the mail link in the right-side panel) I realise that's actually two questions - tackle either or both, as you please.

 Here's a little quotation by Allan B. Ruch (The Great Quail from urlLink The Modern Word ) that, knowing your proclivities, ought to make you see the whole Internet thing in a new light: 'Just think, we cranks used to be confined to writing letters to newspapers!'

 I just had to quote this. It's off her urlLink site. 'Socrates said, "The misuse of language induces evil in the soul." He wasn’t talking about grammar. To misuse language is to use it the way politicians and advertisers do, for profit, without taking responsibility for what the words mean. Language used as a means to get power or make money goes wrong: it lies. Language used as an end in itself, to sing a poem or tell a story, goes right, goes towards the truth. A writer is a person who cares what words mean, what they say, how they say it. Writers know words are their way towards truth and freedom, and so they use them with care, with thought, with fear, with delight. By using words well they strengthen their souls. Story-tellers and poets spend their lives learning that skill and art of using words well. And their words make the souls of their readers stronger, brighter, deeper. ' Amen to that.

 Christopher Evans' Aztec Century (winner of the 1992 BSFA Award for Best Novel by the way) is a bit of a mixed bag. Its alternate-history premise is sufficiently compelling - the basic 'what if' being that the Aztec (or rather Mexicana) empire has colonized Europe, and the rest of the world, rather than vice-versa. This allows for a lot of ironic, satisfying (to a non-white like me, anyhow) inversions and variations on our own world, with popular video games showing noble brown-skinned warriors combating evil Caucasian adversaries, Acapulco taking the place of Hollywood as a motion-picture centre, Cola Cacao soft drinks and MexTaco fast-food chains. The world depicted by Evans seems to diverge from our own around the 16th century, with Hernando Cortes choosing to betray his own nation to serve the Aztecs and be with his Mexicana lover. Simultaneously, the microbial aspect of the early contact between Europe and South America is reversed, with Europeans being exposed to a debilitating New World Plague that weakens it to the point where the Aztecs are able to take over. There are a lot of other differences, too, and the great thing is the way Evans slides in little details (the portrait of a Russian tsar by one Dali, a work of art by a Warhola who later goes on to become big in animated cartoons) that add up to a rich, if largely impressionistic picture. Britain is subjugated by the Aztecs right at the beginning, and the novel follows the travails of Princess Catherine, a British royal. Captured by the Aztecs, she is surprised by their oddly humane treatment, and drawn to the charismatic Aztec governor, Exteban. But, alone among her family (including the simple-minded heir, who agrees to become a 'puppet king' and marries one of the Aztec emperor's daughters) she continues to hold out. She is convinced that there is a dark side to Aztec rule, for all there apparent civilization and the veneer of Roman Catholicism that overlays religious beliefs. This is where the book looses some of its charm. The almost-love affair between Catherine and Exteban results in trivializing a lot of what happens. The plot itself, like the world-building, is apparently rich, but somehow shallow. At the very end, after enduring various vicissitudes, Catherine finally consents to wed Exteban. At that very point, she discovers, through her insolent yet loyal (yes, that really is as far as his character goes) manservant, Bevan, that her husband, Alex, presumed dead in the defence of Scotland and sister, Victoria, presumed exiled to Shanghai for treason against the Aztecs, are actually alive and well and living in the Aztec capital. They have both betrayed her, in many different ways. In a rather convoluted attempt to avenge herself against the Aztecs at last, she takes Alex away from the place where he is kept and sleeps with him. This obviously puts her impending marriage with Extepan, now poised to be crowned emperor of the Aztec empire, on the rocks, and also exposes the secret compacts they have entered into with Alex and Victoria. Terrible retribution follows, involving cannibalism and human sacrifice. The dark side Catherine has been searching for is finally found - but only because her own acts (which I find very hard to fathom) brought it on. The ending seems rather flat - Catherine is eventually granted a degree of clemency, exiled wit her sister to an alternative Earth (our own?). However, she does not believe Exteban is done with her, or that the Aztecs are done with conquest. Having conquered their own world, it would only be logical to extend their ambition to parallel worlds - a rather common alt-history device. The ending is oddly unconvincing and open-ended. Maybe Evans originally intended to write a sequel? Verdict: A great weekend read. Don't try and dig too deep, though.

 Consider the facts: going out in general doesn't appeal to me anymore, unless it's to spend a sunday loitering around chai joints and second-hand book stalls. I even skipped the Stones and Waters shows because I can't take the crowds and the dust anymore. I naturally tend to express myself in polysyllabic compound sentances. I drink only about once a week, and feel like I'm going too far if I have anything other than beer. By 10:30 PM I automatically start worrying about getting home early. One thing that's remained unchanged is my now-on now-off tryst with the green stuff. But even that doesn't make me go off on a trip anymore - just makes me feel very calm and quiet. Big difference. And I seem to have little or no interest in venturing further. Plus, I get fed up when I come across people glorifying substances and the experiences they have under the influence. I'm even actually in touch with current affairs and have opinions on them. I suppose none of this is particularly unusual or remarkable. Just that it's happening to me for the first time. The good thing is, the stuff that I always felt REALLY defined me is still in place - like my atheism, or my enthusiasm for scifi, or my somewhat dilletantish intellectual pursuits, to give a few, possibly superficial, examples.

 And this time, Prem said: every creative person has 10,000 questions and 50,000 unanswered answers.... And shortly thereafter: fuck wot did tht mean

 to all fRiends, If the world was truly perfect (and it is not) and if everyone was the same (and they are not), the world would truly be a boring place. If i was the same as you and you were a copy of me, wouldn't that be just decay in all spheres? If you had nothing to give me and i you (in actual presence and in the realm of thought and ideas), we would never be together. If you did not make me think, i would not respect you. But you do help expand my mind, so i respect you. That is why you are my friend. It has always been one of man's oldest attributes that he wants to be the best; breaking your own boundaries is not trespassing into another's territory (or is it?). Rest assured, my friend. And if I was sure of thee, sure of thy capacity, sure to match my mood with thine, I should never think again of trifles in relation to thy comings and goings. I am not very wise: my moods quite attainable: my demands reasonable, and I acknowledge and respect thy genius, and it is to me as yet unfathomed. Yet dare I not (or do i not have the liberty to) presume in thee a perfect intelligence of me, and so thou art to me a delicious torment. For, if there was no friction, never would a fire be. Or would you rather i be your yes-man, and nod my head sagely to all of your views and opinions. Would you still be my friend, still respect me, if was in agreement to all you said with no mind of my own? But i do have one. And so do you. Going back, we are not the same (similar maybe), but not the same. And that is what will keep us going. with due apologies to mr.emerson

 I was just thinking about the subtle friction, the interplay of sublimated jealousies and malice, that often informs our closest friendships. Is there any such thing as a truly comfortable relationship? I don't have any one person in mind, but I realised that the closer the friendship the greater the potential to hurt...it works both ways. I have close friends whom at some level I sometimes feel are 'out to get me', to establish their superiority over me. It's very subliminal, but it's there, somewhere. A sort of jostling, sibling-rivalry kind of vibe. There are other friends I have this sudden startling contempt towards, at times, and it manifests itself in sudden outbursts of quite untoward nastiness. And these are close friends. Mere acquaintances, I rarely waste that much emotion on them. Or vice-versa. It seems sort of wrong somehow, but there it is. Perhaps the true nature of friendship is that you mainly like and choose to be nice to a person despite the prickly undertones that exist in relation with any external entity. Maybe it's impossible to totally relate to another person with no reservations at all. If that's the case, I don't want to even try and figure how love might be defined...

 So me and my friend Prem were having this conversation during which I told him I feel metal (the musical genre) is a rather limited art form, not something you can explore exclusively for a lifetime (this is just my opinion, okay) and he replied, 'true, you have to look around and observe other textures, too, like wood, sand, plastic...' I somehow find that very profound.

 Sweetly vehement protest against the commercial beauty machine: urlLink What Is Victoria's Secret? Although I still find the VS chicks hot...

 ...Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow (is it just me, by the way, or is she starting to look more and more like Ally Walker urlLink , aka that chick from 'The Profiler'?) have just teamed up for the corniest cod-country ballad I've heard this side of Poison. It's the greatest show on earth, folks...

 I recently had (and am probably still having) an interesting debate with a friend over whether or not Metallica's Load could be included in a list of 'essential' Metallica albums. I felt it should, he didn't. At that point, I defined the bifurcation of our views by contending that his definition of 'essential' was a qualitative one, a sort of 'best of', while mine was a hollistic one, an attempt to provide a complete snapshot covering every aspect of the band's evolution. Actually, I've realised it goes a little deeper than that. The difference is actually between our perceptions of what Metallica the band itself is. My friend's point of view probably comes from the generic perspective, placing Metallica squarely in the metal tradition and assessing their output by the standards of that genre. My own perspective is coloured by the realisation that human creativity often goes through radical shifts in its expression even by a single person (or collective entity)- witness Picasso's various periods, for instance. Further, an entity such as a succesfull rock band also has to deal with its relation to a constantly shifting context of trends and styles, the ever-morphing pop-culture tapestry, and the need for a vital, growing audience. Metallica's history over the past decade is a fascinating study in the re-invention process and offers important insights into the complex, paradoxical dynamics by which a popular art form like heavy metal evolves. The new album, St. Anger, although personally dissapointing, is also an 'essential' part of assessing Metallica from such a perspective. In fact, apart from Re-Load, which can be seen as an extension of Load, all of Metallica's releases in the last decade or so - the Black Album, Load, Garage Days Re-Revisited, S&M and finally St. Anger, all mark interesting transition points and cannot be ignored in any serious attempt to understand the band. More later - it's a Sunday, y'know!

 Yea, my little bit about the flesh trade was inspired partly by what you said earlier. But Iwasn't referring to your situation at all but that of somoeone like Jaddu or me who always wanted to do something related to writing and now are, much to our own chagrin. By the way, I never said anything about being a pimp...

 This post by Shenoy appeared twice, and I wasn't sure how to undo the duplication. So I've taken the liberty of deleting it, only to re-instate it in all it's singular glory... Sunday, June 22, 2003 nice comparison jayps, yeah sometimes i do feel like a pimp. but then i had no expectations, so everything's from the ground level up (or down). but cool that you were talking about yourself, and not generalising as whoever. but if your post was triggered in some form by mine, then i can see you've missed the whole point. ask me not what....

 Writing owes its origin to commerce. Initially, our pre-literate ancestors would not have needed script - since they were limited to just that quantity of verbal information that can be stored by the human brain, they would have had no behaviours that required a larger memory. At first. But once society evolved beyond a certain size, and a merchant class began to emerge, things changed. Suddenly a need for measurable value emerged. Common systems of measurement seemed like a good idea. And then, the merchants needed some way to keep track of all their transactions. This lead to the development of standardised units of measurement, the introduction of money and some way to keep track of it all. It started with crude inscriptions scratched onto clay slabs. Simultaneously, the merchants (or their scribes) would have developed symbols to represent the different goods being traded. More symbols for the different people they dealt with. Sill more symbols for time, place, season, year...you know the rest. These odd markings that you create on paper, on computer screens, on billboards, in magazines. Script, ladies and gentlemen - writing! Runes and hieroglyphs, cuneiform and minuscules, alphabet and akshar. And all because a few people wanted to sell things to may other people, and make sense of it all. Al of which makes it kind of preposterous to sit around here as I often do and crib about having to use writing to aid commerce. Oh well, I never said I wasn't going to be a preposterous man...

 This morning I discovered that my granny's new maid servant has smashed my nifty Ikea reading lamp and shoved the remains into a desolate corner of my wardrobe. All the old anger came rising up ... I flung things around, yelled at granny and stomped off. I didn't know I still had it in me...it really is about time I moved out, I think. Then I'll only have myself to blame, whatever happens.

 Somewhere in Ken MacLeod's Cosmonaut Keep, one of the two protagonists (his surname is Cairns - both their surnames are Cairns - and at this point I can't recall which was which) describes software project management as being akin to herding cats. If you've ever been owned by a cat, you'll know what he meant. I would like to extend that analogy to web development team management. I've found myself in a lot of odd situations in life (bassist for a death metal band, writer lost in an event management company, left-handed atheist in a largely right-handed, theist society and on and on) but this has to be the oddest. I'm currently apparently co-ordinating the total re-vamping of my company's website. Believe, this needs to be done. It's a web communication/technology company, and the team I have to work with includes a mix of techies, designers, management, and IA types, so as to reflect all the aspects of our business and to actually get all aspects of the job done. It's a juggling act and a roller-coaster ride rolled into one. It's like herding cats and dogs simultaneously and a herd of pissed-off, underpaid underfed maths teachers and all their squabbling, screaming 11-year old students at the same time. My only option is to dig down deep and kick serious booty. Today, after a week and a half of getting ground-level inputs from everyone, I held the first actual action meeting. We covered a whole lot of ground and have actually emerged with a plan and concrete actions to be taken, which is still slightly miraculous to me. And of course we all have our ongoing actual work for our clients to contend with at the same time. And I have Scylla and Charybdis to deal with - two deceptively small-seeming projects that have been entirely placed on my narrow, quavering shoulders. If all this goes through succesfully, I think I'm going to apply for that job herding cats. Interested? Drop me a line!

 ...the war against the general buggering-up of the English language, I mean. Jaddu sent me this very cool link to something called the urlLink Lake Superior State University Banished Words List. It kicks serious ass! I need to constantly come in contact with things like this to stop myself from falling into so many verbal pitfalls.

 One thing I'm seriously enjoying in Blur's Think Tank are the tongue-in-cheek references to different musical genres...the ersatz hip-hop/disco melody of 'Brothers and Sisters', the almost-NuMetal/Punk riffing of 'We've Got A File On You' and the cod-jazz sax solo at the end of 'Jets'.

 Go read urlLink this now.

 Today, our Foreign Secretary, Kanwal Sibal, says 'the Government in the stages of assessing and evaluating the situation in its entirety. He said there were also "grey areas" and "unresolved ambiguities" in the United Nations resolution on Iraq that would have to be addressed and clarified before any formal decision could be made. ' He's just pussyfooting around the real issue here - sending our troops in is just a form of selling out, becoming another US puppet-state, and we want pats on theback from the UN before doing so. And the REAL issue, as far as our esteemed-I-think-not-Govt. is concerned? Here's a clue: "...Whatever decision India takes, I don't think it will have an adverse effect on our relations... we are on our way to developing an increasingly cooperative relationship and no single issue will determine the quality of our relationship," Mr. Sibal said.' And another: 'On the subject of the High Technology Cooperation, Mr. Sibal said that the old days of Washington pressuring New Delhi to sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty and Fullscope Safeguards were no longer there. Rather, the two sides were into a robust dialogue involving the private sector on a range of high tech areas that included, for instance, in the first meeting here, information technology, life sciences, nano technology and defence technology. ' That's right. All they're worried about is bodyshopping. braindraining, call it what you will, more of our finest minds, to the US in return for cold hard dollars. All the quotes here are taken from The Hindu, by the way. That paper also has a very kickass urlLink editorial about the whole issue. Read it!

 I've decided to wait a bit before putting the Burroughs piece (whichis finished and not too bad at all if a bit derivative) up. At least let the people who asked me to write it get at it before I do the subversive criminalenglish thing and put it up here, free for all to see. In the meantime, I've been blisfully mailing it to various trusted friends for opinions, of course. Another interesting project that may happen - the guys doing the Hypnos Comix (a collaborative horror/comedy story on the Hypnos message boards that I'm supposed to be part of but have been very lazy about) are interested in actually making it into a comic. So I'm meeting my friend George who is interested in doing a comic with me in any case, with the script on Saturday. This has also inspired me to search through all my old data CDs to dig out these 'Stagfger Lee' storylets I'd done a couple of years back (a sort of Burroughs-pastiche action scifi conspiracy paranoia adventure thingy) because those would make a good comic too. You see, Gotham, the people who publish Marvel and DC comics out here in India are currently talent-scouting. So... Also, I need to follow up my projects with Prem, fellon (the Burroughs-soundgarden connection) and End. Hmm, there's a lot of Burroughs in there.

 Just go to Google, type in 'weapons of mass destruction' , click on 'I'm feeling lucky' and see what happens. (Make sure you've spelled everything right, and when the new page loads, give it a few seconds to sink into your brain.)

 Mobile phones were supposed to make it easier for us to have conversations with each other. Instead, I find that mobile phones themselves have increasingly become an overriding topic of conversation - the different models, their features, various tariffs, their pros and cons and on and on. Odd, huh?

 I read in the news today that the Indian government 'appears to have decided not to say "no" to the United States request to send troops to Iraq as part of a "stabilisation" force...this did not mean that "as of today" India had taken a decision to say "yes" to the U.S. request either. ' Without even commenting on the wishy-washy doublespeak and second-guessing those few words embody, I must say I'm deeply troubled at the fact that we may send troops in to Iraq. Saddam Hussain was certainly no saint, as these things go, but make no mistake - the so-called 'war' in Iraq was an invasion, no matter how much the UN is now tying it self up in loops to white-wash the whole shennanigan with that immensely digusting document, the urlLink U.N. Security Council Resolution 1483 . And Iraq should be defined as occupied territory. Sending our troops there, whatever the reason, will only be a further validation of the evil empire's right to coerce, invade and destroy any inconvenient nation. I don't mean to go all Arundhati-Roy here, just expressing my chagrin without expecting a Booker for it.

 Must remember to be EXTREMELY much more careful about exercising so-called sense of humour.

 A urlLink sympathetic refutation of the theories put forward by urlLink Terrence McKenna in 'Food of the Gods' by British author Will Self (the guy who wrote the urlLink Preface to the Penguin Classics edition of William Burroughs' Junky).

 Intense...what a wonderful coincidence...I'm almost tempted to call it a sychronicity.

 "Mars Day - On August 27, the planet Mars will be closer to Earth than it has been in more than 50,000 years ..." ah. dunno what this translates into .. but, am thinking this 27th august will be a lot more special .. not just with mars peeping up closer than before, that i was born on the very date, 24 years back. guess there will be more reason for me to turn out red-faced on the day. 24. boy, that's old. man, stay young. and youth, an aloof chuckle. "Running from myself is the best way to run away from anything I might ever want to be." far as i can see; hard as i can run; fast as i can remember; nothing has changed but i. what else can it make of i? in preparing a face, to face them all. (wise men said, the only constant people are in their graves, and the only one thing you can be sure of changing is yourself.)

 A friend of mine who was looking at this blog yesterday asked me, 'but if you think so much, when do you find time to work?' Hmmm....

 Well, another day ends. Without the crutch that heading down the pub to drown it all in beer used to provide (I still do drink, but not all that much), perspectives shift a lot. I can actually look at the evening as an opportunity for personal growth or at least to do something fairly interesting like catch a good movie, read abit, listen to some new music. I think one of the reasons for the creative dry patch that I'm still creeping out of was that whole phase of stupefying myself with beer and reef every night. There was no longer any meaningful content in my life...nothing new coming in except the beer that got pissed out the next morning anyway. Running from myself is the best way to run away from anything I might ever want to be. The stupidest thing is, I knew better and I still lived that way for months on end. I guess I just needed to get that crap out of the way once and for all. Lessons learned...?

 check out urlLink Epitonic . A variety of free MP3s mostly with indie leanings. and the best part is that it's all legal for those of you whose conscience pricks. mostly unknown (to us) bands, but also features big shots like blur. check out some highly original music..explore...

 Someone called Sean Walsh has made a movie called 'Bl,.m' based on James Joyce's Ulysses. Really. More details and a trailer at the urlLink film's official Web site .

 On August 27, the planet Mars will be closer to Earth than it has been in more than 50,000 years. The planetary event will enable the public, space enthusiasts and astronomers to view greater detail on a planet that is increasingly seen as humankind's next giant leap. Bright red-orange in the evening sky, Mars will be in perihelic opposition this summer, meaning the celestial body is at a point in its orbit when it is both closest to the Sun and to the Earth. -Press Release, The Planetary Society More info on the Mars Watch urlLink website .

 I've been commisioned by a certain glossy mag to write an article about William Burroughs and drugs. I'm particularly thrilled about this because Burroughs is one of my guiding spirits, and because his opnions on the whole narcotic thing rather neatly dovetail with my own. I will post the article up here once it's done, by about friday or saturday.

 Sometime halfway through the previous century, a few scholarly, inspired English gentlemen set out to create totally imaginative works of fiction weaving together various pet obsessions and interests. JRR Tolkien combined his fascination for Norse legends and the study of language to create a fictional language, a world for it to exist in and charecters to populate this world with heroic deeds and noble quests. On the other hand, ER Eddisson wove together a love for ancient poetry, particularly the works of Sappho, a tendancy towards esoteric metaphysical musings and sundry other pet obsessions into some of the most labyrinthine, intricate and obscure fiction ever. And look at the state of the legacy these literary mavericks have left us - poorly-written unending sagas of turmoil and conflict in paint-by-numbers worlds, read by a passionate following of retards who seem to be fully capable of following all this faff and minuitiae with the same misplaced zeal with which a housewife follows the unending sorrows and incests of her favourite soap opera characters. And the swords. Shit, why does anyone think totally imaginary sword forms are so very fascinating? Do they see them as some sort of zen metaphor for life? Do they even have a life? The only fantasy author who should be allowed to write about swords is Michael Moorcock. The rest of them should come no closer to one than having one dangling over their neck when the latest pile of turgid crap they're penning starts reaching the 500-page mark. Fantasy is supposed to be about imagnination and wonder, not taking all the petty turmoils and intrigues of our mundane reality and just transposing them into a quaint medievalistic world with a magic in the place of technology and a few exotic races like elves and dwarves to compensate for overall racial homogenity of the human characters in these deeply Anglo-Saxon (or at least Eurocentric) imaginings. Sadly, the dynamics of the marketplace being what they are, it looks like everything breaks down into its simplest, lowest form faster than you can say 'entropy'. Just a general spew. I needed to get that off my chest. Phew...

 The gap between this album's release and its arrival in India gave me time to read every single review the Internet had to offer. There are some seriously overpaid hacks out there, if they're getting paid at all for all this babble. When I finally got hold of the album (I'm fairly sure I was the first person in Bangalore to buy a copy!), I decided to approach it with no pre-conceptions, except I followed my friend Prem's suggestion to start with Myxomatosis before proceeding through the rest of the album. Let's do a quick run-through. 2+2=5 starts with the odd, abstract sounds that Radiohead have been specializing in lately. Then, it turns into a satisfyingly tuneful, coherent song which suddenly warps into a whole new zone as Thom Yorke reminds us that 'you have not been paying attention'. Wonderful, inspired madness follows. Off-kilter, weird, but an actual SONG after so long! Then there's Sit Down Stand Up, a chilling look at control and power which culminates on Yorke repeating the word 'raindrops' about 47 times for no other reason than that he thought it sounded pretty. It does. Sail To The Moon is a fragile, piano-led ballad, the sort of thing Coldplay are making a career out of copying. There are some beautiful, atmospheric touches but the song fails to entirely cohere into a satisfying whole. Next comes the first real clunker of the album, the boring, mechanical Backdrifts. 'We tried but there was nothing we could do', the lyrics inform us, apparently relating the band's inability to do anything useful with this song. We're quickly back on track with the magnificent Go To Sleep, which begins with a beautiful, flowing acoustic pattern that reminds me of The Tea Party or acoustic Zeppelin. A genuine masterpiece with traces of all the various feels Radiohead can explore. The jury's still out on the next song. I personally like the U2-ish almost-ballad Where I End And You Begin, but two of my friends, from different ends of the musical spectrum, dismiss it as froth. Ah, well. The next song, We Suck young Blood has great lyrics and a very promising musical soundscape, a promise Radiohead fails to deliver on. The eerie, cinematic backdrop fails to coalesce into a meaningful sonic experience. The Gloaming is just plain avoidable. There There was the first single off the album, and deservedly so. One of the stronger songs in the album, it includes my new favourite Radiohead lyric: 'just because you believe it, doesn't mean it's real'. I Will comes across as mere filler, mainly because it's so short. Then again, it could also be because I'm primed to expect the epic mode from Radiohead, and this is instead a neat little haiku. Punchup At A Wedding, as its subtitle suggests, is a no-no. Its not a bad song, but it is distressingly pedestrian, in spite of a rather nice bass groove. Then the Godzilla fuzz of Myxomatosis comes stomping in. There's a reason why I was told to hear this one first, and I'll leave you to discover it yourself. The album maintains an even level for the remaining songs, the wistful, haunting Scatterbrain and the strangely Dylanesque (my opinion) closer, Wolf At The Door. The one thing most of those reviewers I plowed through have totally overlooked is that this album is a conciliation, a bringing together of the various tangents the band has taken in the past. The beginning of a new synthesis, perhaps. There's a little too much dead air to call this a genuine classic, but there are at least 7 very good songs here, and the makings of what might be a whole new phase of consolidation for Radiohead.

 An new acquaintance of mine, Rahul Nair, has just had a urlLink short story published online. Check it out, it's very vivid and descriptive.

 Picked up Blur's think Tank today. Also, The Beatles' Sgt. Peppers on CD - at last! I plan to put up a review of Hail to the Thief soon...once its all sunk in.

 Damn. There's a poll happening on my office's discussion forum (full e-enabled workplace) about whether to start work at 8.30, 9.00 or 9.15. So far, 66% favour 8.30, but I KNOW that's only because the people who bother to check out the forums are also mainly the types who figure the earlier the better. I'm trying to fight back, rally the folks who I know will prefer a more reasonable timing to log on and vote, but I'm afraid it's a rearguard action and too little, too late. Sigh. It's all a terrible conspiracy, I tell you...

 Very disturbing, very cool. urlLink Look!

 It's odd how money is the one thing that always attracts money. Three months back, when I was hauling ass all over this town doing scads of freelance work in the hope of scoring some survival-money, none of my payments were happening. Now that I have a dayjob again and am quite comfy, sangkew, all those old payments come pouring in. It's nice to have money anyhow, but where were they when I really needed them? Conclusion: Continue doing the freelance work. Basically, no complaints if it means so many more random packets of hard cash hitting me at odd intervals.

 bring on the dead men give them their death certificates tickets to the funeral parlour mistress she takes them in and out of the coffins, coughing to the dead men the fatal statistics what a mix they've got their tickets to the ceremonial burial of another starman to the horizon his spirit rising he'll join the other dead men with their tickets to the cemetary party 'one got drunk and balled the dead' he was a dead beat poet with blue balls and whiskey throat now he's got no voice down among the dead men

 Yesterday, I met my old friend Chaitra, who returned a few CDs and tapes that another friend, Anand Pillai, borrowed from me some time back back couldn't return on his own seeing as how he had to push off to Doha, Qatar (right?). It's nice to have my Dream Theater : Awake CD back, but even better to have Rush's Signals back. In the prog sweepstakes, I greatly prefer the older vintage. Meeting Chaits was a good steal. In the 3-4 years since we all left college, a lot of the people I knew have changed, and not always for the better. Chaits has stayed the same - a little serious and earnest, but with a certain wry humour of his own. I was especially thrilled to discover that he's been on a voyage of discovery into Indian philosophy/spirituality, particularly from a Dvaithist,or Dualist perspective (which posits that the individual human soul is DIFFERENT from the supreme over-soul, which it canonly strive to realise, not become), as opposed to the Advaithist perspective (which holds that the individual soul and the supreme soul are actually one). A lifelong atheist, I nevertheless have the keenest interest in genuine spiritual ideas from our past, as opposed to the pop-and-glam Sri Sri Ravi Shankar variety. We had a fascinating conversation - I listened more than I spoke - and I hope to have more over the months to come.

 Education is the number one cause of ignorance in the world today. This isn't just a pithy little epigram (original to me, by the way, as far as I know) that I like to throw around because it sounds cool. It's TRUE. I don't know about the rest of the world but it's all too true here in India. The syllabi we learn are not just out of date or innacurate, they're warped. The teachers aren't just mediocre, they are actively dangerous. It's all pathetically, tragically wrong. Consider: I recently saw a 2nd/3rd class English reader, prescribed by the State Govt. of Karnataka that actually used the word 'fishes' as the plural of 'fish'. Consider: A friend of mine just wrote his IAS exam. One of the questions was 'The Aryan Race Is...'. You were allowed to choose from options like 'a racial group', 'the supreme race' and so forth. Disgusted my friend went for the closest option - 'a myth' - which he probably won't be getting points for. Consider: I studied English at a BA level. If I had confined my literary explorations to my syllabus, I would have left college,a 21-year old English graduate with no knowledge of Beowulf and Chaucer, a general feeling that Shaw and Wilde were as contemporary as it gets and a vague inkling of Joyce and Elliot as something firghteningly cutting-edge. And this, in the year 1999. Warped, I tell you. Consider: I was introduced to some basic concepts of relativity by the TV serial Cosmos when I was 6 or 7. It was a a very basic idea, but I've since been able to confirm that it was a sound one. In high school, however, we were just taught good old Newtonian physics, whichis admittedly good enough for most things, but you'd think they would give us an inkling of the new physics, at least to whet our appetites for more. Consider: I also studied Journalism, which included a segment on mass communication, in that godforsaken BA course. But I'm reading Vance Packard's 'The Hidden Persuaders' for the first time only now, 4 years down the line. In college, it was just one in a list of books we had to mention in our answers for more marks. No one ever bothered to motivate me to pick up the books and read them myself -and what else is a teacher supposed to be there FOR? To mark attendance and dispense trauma, I guess. I could go on citing instances of how our educational system actively promotes ignorance and misinformation. But you get the idea. I could say that the answer is educational reform. But it isn't - that'll never last, never work. What we have to do is make our minds, and those of our children (as and when they happen) OUR responsibility. Sure, go to college, get those little letters tacked on to your name so you can get a job later. A career is a very important part of any life, after all. But, to paraphrase Mark Twain (whose works, again, I did NOT study in that pathetic BA course), don't let your schooling interfere wiith your education. Knowledge may be the only true source of power left to the common individual in this shoddy world we have built. Pursue it. Educate yourself. Please...

 urlLink How to Build a Time Machine by Paul Davies . The first time I read HG Wells' 'The Time Traveller' was in one of those 'classics in comic form' type editions which are ostensibly aimed at kids, but actually serve as a very good starting point for people of any age. The story was really more about HG Wells' surprisingly (for those who think of him as the father of SF and identify him with a blithe 19th-century materialistic rationality) pessimistic view of the human future. But what stayed in my head was the idea that there could be a machine that I could step into and use to steer myself back and forth on the currents of time. The next time I came across concepts of time travel was while watching Carl Sagan's tv serial, Cosmos. It was the episode that discussed Einsteins theories of relativity and their many implications. Most vividly, the concept of time dilation. I realised that this was a neat way to jump into the future but, as long as there was no way to journey back into the past, it would always be a one-way trip, not real SF time-travel. In any case, we are all time-travellers in a sense, being constantly hurtled forward into the future by entropy. Time dilation is just a way of getting a jump on this flow by tying yourself to the speed of light. Even if we could achieve lightspeed, or near enough, we would just be leap-frogging ourselves into an unknown future with no return tickets. It might make for some very interesting adventures of a pioneering kind, but it certainly wouldn't be the sort of time-travel practised by, say, Doctor Who. But is it possible to travel to the past? Does it still exist somewhere, in some form? And wouldn't going back in time violate certain basic aspects of reality, like the second law of thermodynamics? Paul Davies briefly describes how travelling back in time may be possible, within the field of influence exerted upon space and time by a rapidly spinning body of sufficient mass. But basically, he does not seriously discuss any way to reverse the flow of time itself or travel directly to the past from the present. What he proposes, instead, is manipulating space, matter and energy to create a stable tunnel , or wormhole through time and space, allowing lightspeed or near travel to some future point in time at some distant point in space. This wormhole would then serve as a two-way path between these two points, finally allowing us to travel from a future date to one in the past just by turning round and returning form the other end of the wormhole. It would still be impossible, however, to travel to any point in time BEFORE this marvellous conduit was created. There's a lot more detail to it of course, and a few points that I need to read a few more times to fully figure out. The amount of conceptual ground covered in this simply-written, elegantly laid-out book is quite amazing. Nearly every angle on the whole conundrum at hand is explored through the speculations of sceintists like Einstein, Godel and most recently, Kip Thorne (who actually developed the wormhole concept because his friend Carl Sagan wanted to make the wormhole portal in Contact as theoretically sound as possible). In the process, we are treated to quick overviews of the basic ideas of relativity, quantum physics and black hole theory, amng others. The author also does a quick round-up of various famous time-travel paradoxes (all of which are immensely familiar to any dedicated SF reader) and the currrent thinking about them. Lastly, he points out that time is an integral component of what we call the 'fabric of reality'. Even if time-travel does eventually turn out to be impossible, as scientists like Hawking and Wheeler have suggested, research in this direction helps us push at the boundaries of what we know about some very large, basic forces and could well be a key to that scientific Grail of Grails, the grand unified theory of everything. Stranger things have happened. This book is a bird's eye view, a good starting point. It made me think and it made me wonder. I get the feeling it doesn't dive too deep into certain esoteric points, or into a few alternative models of time-travel. In many ways, this book was like one of those 'beginners' classics' I alluded to at the beginning - a solid, if basic grounding that leaves you with a good conceptual framework for further exploration, more voyages into time space and the mind.

 After a few days of silence, the whole contentious issue of Indian troops being sent to Iraq has surfaced in the papers. (In the meantime, the centerstage has been usurped by the Ayodhya issue - another deeply shameful escapade). Today the Indian Army laid out a couple of options of the terms under which it is willing to embark on this adventure. If the chain of command is kept strictly Indian, they will be willing to send in a mainly combat oriented outfit. If not, the forces will consist of largely medical teams, ambulance squads and suchlike. Either way, they've neatly sidestepped the opportunity to take a stronger stand. Plus, who exactly is paying for it all, whatever form of troops we send in? The taxpayers of this nation. Who aren't even being asked what they think. So much for democracy. Like the man said, what we have here is demoncracy. Still, I have some hope yet that this ghastly mistake won't be committed...we wait and we watch and we hope to see...

 The latest discussion in my office revolves around the issue of a dress code. I will strangle them, I say. I will disembowel their children and their women also I shall take...

 I still think he was a silly ass in many ways, but this is great: "Let us declare nature to be legitimate. All plants should be declared legal, and all animals for that matter. The notion of illegal plants and animals is obnoxious and ridiculous." --Terence McKenna

 Not really the promised review - just a few stray thoughts provoked by a couple of movies (X-Men:2 and Matrix:Reloaded), related comics (in the case of X-Men) and 'the critical legacy' thereof. (Which reminds me - you know those 'Essential Criticism' books you see, which contain critical essays about authors like Aldous Huxley, Virginia Woolf and so forth? I must do one like that for a comic or a rock band (maybe Radiohead) one day) I notice that X-Men:2 (X-2) has been pretty much treated as 'just entertainment' in comparison to the other big sf-flick of the moment, Matrix:Reloaded (M:R). Maybe it's because X-Men are only a comic book, while the Matrix sequence is rapidly emerging in the light of a latter-day Zen koan, a flashpoint for all manner of metaphysical mutterings and a template (I should be kind and say 'inspiration'?) for a whole new breed of action flicks. When it comes to that last point, X:2 has its fair share of thrilling eye-kicks - Nightcrawler's assault on the President of the USA, Magneto's airborne escape from captivity (which is pure comic-book magic), Wolverine's duel with Deathstrike and that truly awe-inspiring dam-break at Alkali Lake. (heh...rhymes) For me, the most rivetting scenes in the movie were when Dr. X stops time in the museum (I just get a kick out of it...it's not a part of this discusion), Wolvy's battle (spliced by the way with an equally exciting confrontation between Jean Grey and the brainwashed Cyclops) and that dam-burst. These are very different from the stand-out scenes on M:R. Even though the battle scene involves posthumans with strange powers, it is basically a one-on-one face-off, hand to adamantium-clawed hand. All the action in M:R takes place in a virtual environment (The Matrix, boisungurls!!!), between avatars of humans and manifestations of software programs. Similarly, the 'big picture' for me in X:2, that dam break, depicts a primal force of nature - water - unleashed in all its raw fury, not some coded event in a cyber environment. And that's a clue to where this movie is coming from, what it's really about (apart from being a bloody good super-hero adventure). The fundamentally shaky premise - the X-Men are supposed to be mutants, but there's no logic to it, no pattern that fits any known mechanic of mutation (but, hell, what d'you want from a comic that was created for kids - Isaac Asimov?) isn't important compared to the immediacy of the very strong story and the very human question it hinges on - that of tolerance in diversity. This isn't explored or shown as well as it could be - none of the mutants, in fact, seems to really face the amount of discrimination that, say, I as an Asian would face in the USA. There are instances of harrasment - in the museum canteen - and betrayal, but they are rather sanitised and pat. Then again, it could be because the X-Men have more or less isolated themselves from the human mainstream in the ghetto that is Professor X's Institute. Still, it is a major message of the movie, and in an age when old-fashioned xenophobia is re-asserting itself in an increasingly globalised environment, this may be a more pertinent message than any amount of musing on the 'fundamental nature of reality'. Magneto and Professor X are central points in this context, as they embody two opposing reactions to the experience of discrimination - Magneto has no patience for the pettiness of humanity, and wants to get on with establishing a mutant earth. Professor X, of course, dreams of an eventual reconciliation and in the meantime, a respectful distance and dedication to serving all humanity. Knowing that both their goals are quite far off, they both choose to from isolated groups of mutants, cut off from mainstream humanity. What really brings this vision to life are of course the sterling performances of Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan. They bring a poise, dignity and almost Elizabethan (dare I say Shakespearean?) presence and verve to their roles and take the movie to a higher level. Equally vital is Hugh Jackman's Wolverine - about the first time I've actually preferred the movie version of a comic book character. I could write paragraphs about how cool Wolvy's charecter and Jackman's interpretation thereof are, and how much they contribute to the movie, but you get the idea. Nightcrawler is another gem, and with his deep religious faith, brings in a few interesting angles to the big issues of discrimination and intolerance. Lastly, the women in X:2 totally kick ass, the ones in M:R are just no contest. Storm and Jean Grey are lethal, leather-clad bombshells, Deathstrike is all that AND an adamantium skelton, Rogue is just so adorable and Mystique is bluer and nuder than ever. The sad thing is two of these hotties die in the course of the movie. Damn...

 well...I've changed the fonts around. Thanks for the tips, Prem. I lou gyu man. Next i will experiment with changing the background to that grey you mentioned...it will rule!

 I've been getting lazy haven't I? No reviews, no essays, just jokey little asides and links. Actually, that just means I've been working more. At my actual bread-and-butter job. That horrid stuff you have to fill your life with in order to have any sort of life worth mentioning only there's no life because you've filled it up with working so that you can have a life and...euyrhfk Still, I promise my faithful masses (all three of you!!!) one new book review and two new music reviews by monday. And at least one short storylet. I haven't even put up one of those yet. If you (yes, all THREE of you!!!) feel warm and excited inside about this upcoming largesse, click on the Shout Out and say 'hell yea!' (Just trying out my RM skills...)

 Intoxication, inebriation, insobriety. We've all known beer to cause that, unless its from Pecos. But could beer have caused urlLink a written script? .&quot

 Is nothing private anymore? urlLink Another creation from the enemies of individual freedom. Thanks for the tip, P

 Someone I know (indirectly) has written urlLink a new rendition of the urlLink Ramayana. Seems interesting...

 So I look over the kid's site-map and there are some rather obvious gaps. I send him a mail politely suggesting he plug these, and how. He replies saying he doesn't think it is required, for some very suspect reasons and worse, gets all patronising and signs off: But please do keep the thinking cap on, as to embellishing the website. I will strangle him, I say....

 A friend and me were chatting about this shop where you get really cool clothes at really good prices. They are mostly unbranded clothes, the deal being that these were clothes that were made for but rejected by big-name brands. Although they are rejects by those standards, it's nothing you or I (people who arent that much into clothes) would notice. And the price is great. The thought then occured to me that, after two or three breakups, I'm now in the same position in the - ah - romantic market. A reject, but probably good enough by the standards of girls like you, and you (purely hypothetical), who aren't that much into guys anyway...

 Today, I had to meet someone at Prestige Meridian, on MG Road. For those of you who don't know, Prestige is a bigshit construction company in Bangalore, Prestige Meridian (PM) is a bigshit commercial complex and MG Road is the biggest bigshit road in town The person I had to meet was a bit late, so I decided to try and find a phone booth and call him. Turns out, PM has a bank (or 2), a chic coffee shop, some trendy furniture showrooms, various high-powered coporate offices but NO telephone booth. Eventually, I had to walk down to a cigarette shop down the road. The guy had not just one, but two coin-phones. None of this would have been an issue if I had a cellphone. But I don't. And you'd think a company like Prestige would keep in mind such possibilities while contructing something of this scale. Nevermind the 'customer-centric' shit, it would at least be a source of additional revenue, however small. I guess the problem is, for all the lip-service done towards 'customer satisfaction/delight/ecstacy', in reality, these people just don't give a shit.

 I've decided that, after a month or so, I'm going to harrass my employers to allow me to take on another writer, someone to pass the mule-work on to, in return for sharing all the profound wisdom I have garnered in 4 years of professional writing. Otherwise I will get bambooed, lose interest and want to quit, just like before. Will you be my scapegoat? Drop me a line!

 Yesterday, for the first time, I was at a meeting where the guy across the table incited the reaction 'Who the **** is this kid?' from me. Until now, I've always been the youngest person at any work-related meeting I've attended. Well, those days are slipping away fast, it seems...

 There's a message in urlLink here , somewhere... (And, in case you were wondering: 'Fabricated and nonmeaningful speech, especially such speech associated with a trance state or certain schizophrenic syndromes. ')

 '...the seed expels wind. Boiled in milk, and taken, it helps those that have a hot or dry cough. An emulsion made from the seed is good for jaundice, particularly if there be an ague accompanying it, for it opens obstructions of the gall and causes digestion of choler. The emulsion or decoction of the seed stays the lax and continual fluxes, eases the colic, and allays the troublesome humours of the bowels. It also stays bleeding at the mouth, nose and other areas. It kills worms in man or beast and if the juice is dropped into the ears, it will kill worms in them and draw forth earwigs or other living creatures. The decoction of the root allays inflammations of the head, or any other parts. The herb or distilled water of it does the same. A decoction of the root eases gouty pains, hard knots in the joints, and pain in the sinews and hips. The fresh root mixed with a little oil and butter is good for burns...' -Nicholas Culpepper, The Complete Herbal, 1649 Tell me what you think this is about. (Use the Shout Out). First correct answer gets an *appropriate* prize (if geographically possible).

 hey! flattery don't go well on waxed wings. lemme fly high as i can, before the heat is out. then i shall drown too. like sediment in spoilt beer. (like that made so much sense) anybloodyways, given the encouragement, am shooting again. calling this: a lifetime to incomplete all the while in sorrow over lost youth, idle hours and deep ideas. marred by rage, dark age, absolutely sure of definite uncertainties. but the laugh is back. am young enough to yet think, it is all complete. - deep joy

 This is the letter my grandparents in Madras (Chennai) wrote to The Hindu. They've said it all, better than I could... Sir, Congratulations on your forthright editorial, 'Don't send Indian troops to Iraq' (July, 4). It is high time India shed equivocality and disclaimed any part or lot in what is one of the saddest misadventures of our time - the Anglo-American invasion of Iraq. It was a needless war. Admittedly, Saddam Hussain ran a tyrannical regime. But it had a saving grace; it was not a fundamentalist state, nor did it breed terrrorists to the extent that America's friends, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan, have done. In any case, replacing bad rulers is not the job of the US or Britain. Now the Anglo-American 'coalition' has got into a mess, which is worsening by the day. It is not the Indian Army's job to act as 'charladies' to do the cleaning up. Our sally into Sri Lanka was both a mistake and a tragedy. Let us keep that warning in mind. The Indian Army should not go to Iraq to kill or get killed. Both ways, there will be unhealthy religious backlash. India can and must offer peaceful aid - food, medicine and technology. All aid must be clearly labelled 'From India, with friendship'. -Lakshmi Krishnamurthi & K. Krishnamurthi, Chennai

 Nice one, Jads. Makes me feel like shit because you've used such simple but telling words to say so much. (cringes guiltily before the gods of Plain English)

 a ho! have been skimming through your criminally articulated journal very regularly. and the others don't write much, or you've flooded them out. either ways (it works, and) this blog allows me to tappity-tap on blasted keyboard a little more .. and early suggestion for off-hand poetry is still very interesting. So .. (this one is titled:) More Poems This one is for all the poems I will write, in pain, or joy and solitude. To have my words, and free some thought. No restless sleep tonight. Blank screens alone, will hear me out, save what I am. And there is a lot, more to say. Dear All; as yet I learn in time. Quiet now, I hear my mind; - deep joy :}

 The Analyst learned that the sky was getting lower each year, by about 3 inches a year. Fast-forwarding the scenario in his mind, he realised that this meant the sky would probably come crashing down in exactly 67 years, crushing all beneath. So the Analyst did what anyone would, he published. Then, the Editor found the Analyst's article. It was a slow news day, so he edited out the equations and put it in his paper, with a suitably thrilling headline: 'Sky is falling, says noted Analyst'. The People read this report and were frightened. Many of them just read the headline and went running into the street to tell their neghbours. A great national furor ensued. Then, a Leader was caught having sex with an underage girl in his car; everyone moved on. A few years later, poeple remembered the Analyst's warning, or at least the version in the headlines. They noted that the sky had not, in fact fallen. They re-named the Analyst the Alarmist and proceeded to lambast and satirise him. They were still doing so 65 years later, hunched over and stumbling through their strangely contracted world in which THE SKY HAD NOT YET FALLEN. Oh yes, this is original to me.

 More cool news. I met my friend George about the Hypnos Comix. He is interested and will start work on charecter design! So something's moving, at least...

 The urlLink girls at Trashy Lingerie rule!!!

 Something very cool. In the paper yesterday, I read a letter about the Indian troops in Iraq issue that I totally agreed with. Turns out, it was written by my grandparents in Madras. And I didn't even know! I'll put it up here tomorrow - they've said it all alot better than I can!

 I've been crawling walking running and stumbling (mainly stumbling) across the face of this planet for 26 years now. A quarter of a century up, the second quarter started (hmmm...got whiskey?). Albert Einstein was 26 when he published his special theory of relativity. At the time, he had a dull, routine job as a patents clerk. So there's hope for me in the year ahead...

 ...always a problem, puberty; it can so easily go either way...

 A little sketch that evolved out of a chat I had with my pal Prem: Two men, one mildly older than the other (call 'em P and J), sitting at computer screens on opposite ends of the globe, chatting. P: You have become a real man. Suddenly, it becomes a video chat, so we see on P's screen enactments of what J is typing and vice versa and so on. J: waves enormous penis around P: slaps table with penis, accidentally hits a blade J: continues waving P: sits on the ground shivering, clutching bleeding penis J: reaches through screen, picks blade P: cums a bit for last comfort then dies slowly J: accidently circumcises self with blade P: thanks blade in spirit J: tosses foreskin to pet gorilla as snack Pet Gorilla: What cock! Pet gorilla indignantly leaves for Cuba to engage in guerrilla warfare.

 Life carries on, you know? The point is, will you? I have found it's very easy to be cheesed off and contemptous about the 'system', but then, where's the action? Either you break away completely - and I mean completely - or you choose to find a niche from where you can sustain your own idiosyncracies and maybe fight from within. Everything else is a cop-out. Just clinging on apathetically in the interest of sustenance and confining your own expressions to a small incestuous circle of insiders - that doesn't make sense. Yes, anything really new and creative will probably only have a parallel audience at first. But go find that audience, don't just get caught up in the equally empty confines of some safe 'underground' niche. I am slightly groping for the concept I'm trying to express. Expect more clarity as I achieve it.

 In a discussion about Robert Jordan on the SF-Fandom forums, one RobRoy (no clue what his real name is) made this remark which I heartily endorse: Art of any form is steeped in so much hubris and mediocrity that when something actually shines forth, the community practically trips over its own wings in an attempt to congratulate the artist. Seems kinda familiar...?

 From what I can make out, being a musician just automatically makes you a shit human being. At least here in Bangalore.

 Today, some of my friends got me urlLink this for no discernible reason ... I feel all choked up.

 I find it increasingly amazing how little people want out of life. A safe pre-packaged identity, a comfortable niche in a non-threatening professional and personal environment, a set of aspirations picked up from the mass barrage, a life that needs minimal original thought and effort to play out. Few people seem to want to genuinely grow, learn and evolve, to constantly challenge themselves, their ideas and their beliefs. They would prefer to subdue their own innate capabilities (if any) to merge with a safe environment. They would rather stick to a tiny circle of people who offer no threat to their fragile egos and accepted world-view than seek out new, interesting people with different kinds of ideas and thoughts. They would rather waste their time in inane hair-splitting, in chasing down beaten tracks and confusing a limited sort of skill within rigidly defined parameters than truly explore the broader universe of ideas and expressions. They just want to build a cozy little box, line it with some straw, crawl in and nail the lid shut. Fuck them. I have no time or patience for fools anymore.

 urlLink Cool article on Ken MacLeod and Ian R. MacLeod, two (unrelated) modern sf writers. The second half is about some Jap manga stuff that I can't comment about. From the urlLink Agony Column Book Review.

 I find it interesting to note how the commercial mainstream tries to trivialise urlLink Vance Packard by saddling him with a term like 'pop-sociologist'. His book, The Hidden Persuaders, is not a work of social science scholarship at all - examine it in that light, and it falls apart. Too anecdotal, too subjective. What it is, is a knowledgable, concerned person's report on a distressing trend towards mass manipulation that began in the US and, like other American products, has spread to the rest of the world courtsey globalisation. Although Packard slips into excessive paranoia now and then with his 1984 allusions, and overrates the efficacy of the 'hidden persuaders' methods (half a century later, they still haven't got it quite right, though they are much slicker now), he isn't that far from the truth. Although he wrote in the '50s his core message is still all too applicable. He offers no solutions to address the ills he speaks about. That, like academic precision was not his aim, obviously. Packard's role was/is as a signpost, making us aware of several realities of today's media/political/corporate culture, leaving it to us to decide how to deal. In a world where knowledge itself is a a precious commodity, that is a sterling service.

 "The only people to trust are those who obviously lie. With them, at least we know the truth lies elsewhere." urlLink - Leslie Savan

 urlLink This is hilarious, infuriating and pathetic at the same time.

 I’ve always liked comics. As a kid I pored through Disney, Indrajal, Amar Chitra Katha, Tinkle, the occasional short-lived DC franchises and whatever ‘phoren’ stuff came my way. In more recent years, I’ve had friends (one of whom I still have to return 37 comics to - damn!!!) who scour the book stores for cool comics and have been nice enough to share them with me. But the whole thing always seemed a little too random for me – you never get issues in order or a whole storyline, that way. Now that Gotham is releasing comics, sequentially, and consistently, I feel like a kid who has been given the keys to the candy store. Sure the selection is limited only to the Marvel and DC mainstays, but finally, I’m able to pick out a Conan or an X-Men or whatever and know that I’ll be able to follow the story through. I can start collecting favourite titles. And special issues. And occasionally get some really spiffy posters to stick on my wall. At last, something good is coming out of the media boom!!! Hopefully, Gotham will soon realise that they have a discerning adult market as well, and start releasing the comics in a bigger size and on better paper. Also, while I’m fantasising, maybe other more alternative comics will also start showing up here. That would be heaven…comic book heaven!

 I'd like to leave aside these convoluted meanderings, this seemingly irresolvable debate between narco-apologists, the anti-narc faction (ME, oddly) and the Buddha-like golden mean (thanks for jumping in by the way - I think it’s added a lot). I’d like to move on. And I’d like to remind all concerned that this whole debate began because of a remark I made about a set of people who aren’t moving on. The romance and mystique of drugs, particularly weed, seems to be a safety zone for a lot of people. I’ve moved on from that. The only thing I get out of weed anymore and the only reason I occasionally patronize it anymore, is relaxation. In my experience and opinion everything else is arrant hype. I’ve scrawled a few verses under the influence, cranked out a line of music or two that later found its way into a finished song. But the actual sustained creative effort, I’ve only done that physically sober (though often psychologically tripping on the creative flow itself). This is the perspective from which I’m coming. The green stuff was useful at one point because it loosened up my head a bit. But in the long run, I can’t say that anything worthwhile came out of my period of frequent usage. The few small creative expressions I’ve managed to achieve and am happy with, were all conjured up totally sober. I don’t need that stuff to create or to broaden my mind anymore. Most of the people I know aren’t getting that out of it either – they are just feeding their own delusions. If you feel uncomfortable with all these statements, maybe it’s because it slices a little bit too close to some rather uncomfortable truths about you. This is going to be my last post on the topic. I can move on…it’s what keeps me growing. Can you?

 Well, one of my various personal projects seems to be progressing. I've finished translating the first episode of Hypnos Comix* into a comic-book script, and George showed me the first batch of character sketches yesterday. They kick serious ass!!! *A collaborative narrative in the Lovecraft style spearheaded by Ganesh Rao, on the Hypnos Reviews discussion forums. it's turning out to be a good old pulp horror/sf/fantasy romp!

 By the way, I've just discovered that I share my birthday with both Yehudi Menuhin and SF pioneer Robert A Heinlein. HAH!!!

 It's not just the so-called 'weak minds', Joy. It's easy to ignore my references to what drugs can do to a person by saying, 'oh, but those are junkys'. The fact is, I personally haven't met anyone whose life has been significantly bettered, over a long period of time, by any form of sustained tripping on a habitual level. Even in the ones who more or less have their lives in shape, there's a certain hardening of the thought processes, a narrowing of the mind. They no longer frolic free through all those wondrous realms this thing we call the mind can enter into. Rather than sit in a quaint old cafe with charmingly rude waiters hovering around as you sip on watery filter coffee from old-mans-teeth yellowed cups, talking animatedly about the Third Reich, the crank theories of Colin Wilson, the pros and cons of the big bang theory, the subtle defects of libertarianism, the state of rock n' roll, the counter-dimensional art of MC Escher, the political scene or maybe just the contents of the afternoon's meal or hey did you see that girl I think she's looking at me no she's looking at you, these people whose lifestyles revolve around a regular intake of any narcotic are more commonly to be found huddled in some smoke-filled room, either staring vacantly into space to the accompaniment of some canned music that serves as an excuse not to think, or giggling like schoolgirls at their first NSync concert, cracking the most inane jokes this side of Three's Company and generally raising serious doubts as to whether there is, in fact, intelligent life on planet earth. This isn't arrogant opinion, mindless appeal to authority or whatever - it's an observation I've made after years of people-watching. The next time someone defends the narcotic experience as a key to higher mental growth or creativity, I am going to ask them - 'So, what have you learned?' Only those who have a convincing answer need waste my time further. And yes, my definition of convincing is, like everything else about me, subjective and opinionated and self righteous. it's as simple as this - if I think it's an insight I could not have realised myself without a narcotic of some form bubbling in my head, I will gladly concede the point and cease to believe that drugs are, ultimately, a dead-end for human evolution. Any takers?

 shenoy cringes and cowers in trepidation before the God of the Higher English Language. The onslaught of big-sounding and tough-looking words tears the very fabric of his reality to pieces. almost misses the cheap-trick paronomasia. almost dismisses it as the work of an unstable (as in, highly or violently reactive) mind, but then realization dawns. although the bad taste remains in mouth, he realizes that earning a living through work (except in a nerd-firm) is to be considered a sad state of affairs. suddenly realizes that unbeknownst to him greater minds have attained true immortality, divinity and YHVH-hood by doing a course in English and working in a big-name firm (quickly does google search for an (experienced) english teacher so he can attain also High Ground and also swiftly dispatches office boy to gangarams to fetch him a thesaurus). while waiting for the thesaurus to arrive, attempts (with his pea-brained knowledge of THE language) to define lobotomy. lobotomy: Surgical interruption of nerve tracts to and from the frontal lobe of the brain; often results in marked cognitive and personality changes . Lobotomies fall under a category of operating procedures known as psychosurgery (brain surgery on human patients intended to relieve severe and otherwise intractable mental or behavioral problems), which in turn falls under the broad umbrella of brain burgery. lobotomy: also known as leucotomy. But NOT to be confused with transorbital lobotomy which is a method of performing prefrontal lobotomy in which the surgical knife is inserted above the eyeball and moved to cut brain fibers tuckered out with this bloggal ejaculation of hopefully meaningful words, looks to chai as the savior and looks ecstatic as he sees office boy approaching on the horizon with thesaurus (and a receipt for the same) in hand. quickly winds up this edition of blogging and leaves the hallowed grounds of the blog that have been sanctified by the presence of drug-dependent GOD, while all the time apologizing for the desecration of the language and the discussion. runs down the stairs screaming "all joy to you man"

 shen oy! (like: oi! shen-oi!) sad to say, saatch iz our state of affairs. (had to say, no reason whatsoever :) the stable minds are most likely resting at home (is what i think), content with their own sure thoughts, doing what they want to most. (to repeat previous assertion: the minds that are most stable, are the ones buried) that must leave all of us out, surely? (think again, and satisfy yourself well) the world a junkyard, and all junk-laden lunatics .. anyways, here are a few of the pointers i go by, in identifying really weak minds (call them unstable, for here): the unstable mind needs to pick on others, finding consolation in having picked something, at least. the unstable mind relies on others, to (try and) grasp meanings out of the reach of its (innate cognitive) capacity. the unstable mind constantly refers to what others have said, to reassure the self of being correct, in some way. (the more popular the reference, so much the better) (c'mon now .. every mind is unstable in some way or the other .. it's how much that matters; like everybloodything else) who is this man george andrews? his life seems summed up in the one quote shenoy highlights his own understanding with. and what the goodman andrews said, is as staid as what my mama would tell me, while forcing me to eat the bitter gourd. ("the approach, son, the approach") about everything else, i think this discussion stands clarified: that we are concerned about (mostly minor) heads losing it, in craving for an easily accessible "high", and thereby glorifying whatever expression or impression they stumble upon. we do not suggest that intoxication is for amusement. in fact, any definite conviction about the usage of substance is altogether unacceptable. what we have shredded in this course of substance, is the working of the human mind. (am leaving out discussion, and particular references to jp's disconcern, over why and how the mind can so easily get disillusioned and delusional, for later) need i really define the implication (or conditional relation) of the "individual"? that intoxicated minds CAN function (for better, or for worse) is not an opinion for every individual to accept (or even understand). he who suggests a lobotomy for reasons expressed off-handedly over a blog, so badly needs a thesaurus, with an (experienced) english teacher for guidance. and here's a quote for anybody who seeks consolation against schizophrenia (nobody panic, please!): (stated by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who by the way, was an alcoholic) "The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function." waadevuh.

 Vae! Puto deus fio! (Alas! I think I am becoming a god!) -- Emperor Vespasian on his deathbed

 Tomorrow (July 17) is Erle Stanley Gardner's birthday.

 how words feel never sure what you understood; yet certain about what i said. 'the art of implanting an idea' i call it; so much easier if we could just meet, and share a relaxed thought. - deep joy

 Shenoy one point - I am not saying people who use drugs cannot use their imagination. Nor do I deny that Tolkien or Einstein used tobacco, itself the most pervasive narcotic in human society. I do want to say that it is perfectly possible to reach those heights of inspiration without drugs. So, to identify the creative process with substance use is wrong. Those indiviudals would have found some way to express it anyhway, because it was in them. To give too much credit to the drug is the same as claiming that it was Judas Priest's music that drove those teenagers to kill themselves. Fair enough? Also, I continue to believe (fine, BELIEVE) that if you consistently turn to something that aritificially alters your mind, you are either nor very happy with the overall state of your mind, or not really in touch with it. Think about people we both know who habitually get drunk or stoned. I think it fits. Do you? Also, drugs are just not the only or best tool to expand your mind. Here I am in direct contradiction with Shenoy. I will continue to insist that we can do this ourselves even with the time and so on available to us in this shoddy world we have built. I can - I do - so can you. Finally, if any of us are going to use any of these things, let's do two things - always bear in mind WHY - whether it is just for relaxation/enjoyment or to explore a mental space. And the second thing is, first EDUCATE yourself. Learn what this substance can do - don't just visit Deoxy or Erowid or all the pro-narc sites, checkout the opposing views as well, get that balance and then decide. This of course is aimed partly at us and partly at people who are only just getting into these things.

 drugs and zark. hmmm…looks like they're the current flavour of the week. who do i choose? don't know zark, so i think i’ll do drugs. interesting debate going on. i will jump right in i say! poking my nose in where it don't belong. with my limited knowledge of the english vocabulary and limited skills of sentence construction, i shall try my best to give you my take on the whole issue. that it shall be incoherent, rambling and dis-jointed is to be taken for granted (you’ve been warned). so guys - jp, joydeep, and pierre (whoever you are, wherever you are hi!) Do not take anything personally. here goes… "whether drugs lead to illumination or degradation depends on the spirit in which one takes them." george andrews **i believe that a person drinks or does a drug excessively only if he or she greatly prefers that altered mental state to normal sentience. put simply, excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself.** wasn’t it this statement that started the whole thing? well, as far as the author (of the above statement) is concerned the operative word is EXCESSIVE. i don’t completely agree, the operative words are also I BELIEVE. plain and simple. and i don’t agree also with the definition that is being provided for ‘excessive tripping’. if i’m not happy with what’s inside my head, i’ll blow the brains out of it. not go around excessively tripping. yes, doing drugs is the ultimate shortcut to escape from reality, but it’s not the only thing to do. the mind has other avenues. which brings us to the question: WHAT IS THE MIND? is it the same as the brain? i don’t think so. the brain needs an adequate supply of fresh blood everyday, every minute to keep it going. the mind? well…it needs fresh thoughts, fresh ideas to grow. i needs new and unexplored horizons to conquer. the (active) mind constantly seeks new ways of seeing things. and it is here that DRUGS DO HELP. yes, the delirium, the ‘high’ brought on by drugs are not what we experience in our everyday humdrum life. not even rock climbing (which i’ve done) can do that. drugs help one get in touch with perspectives that are not his, but, are his. it opens up new avenues of thought and creativity. YES, THIS IS A SHORTCUT. but, there’s too much to do, too little time. so i enjoy a shortcut once in a while. people, sages, have spent a lifetime figuring out what their mind is capable of, while doing nothing else. and since i don’t have that kind of a time to do nothing but explore my mind, a shortcut is welcome. but while i say that, LET ME MAKE ONE THING CLEAR -- the shortcut must be resorted to not as an end by itself, but as a means to something that’s bigger than the drug itself. drugs are not “damaging to the pursuit of human freedom”. excluding an avenue that can take your mind further is. surrendering your life to the drug is. LACK OF FREEDOM is not when you take the drug. it is when the drug takes you. here’s where i offer my definition of ‘EXCESSIVE TRIPPING’: it is what happens when people take to drugs not as a means to an end, but as an end in itself. the drug is all. everything else is just incidental. what it can do (mentally) is not even considered. the drug just feeds the physical part of a man. the very act of injecting a drug into yourself, taking a drag off the phat joint, becomes the focal point. that is excessive tripping. it is a sign of PHYSICAL DEPENDENCE on the drug, not of things being fucked in the head. so you see what my whole argument hinges on: IF THE DRUG IS THE MEANS, it’s fine. IF IT’S AN END, then you’ve got a problem on your hands brother. USE THE DRUG, DON’T ABUSE IT. harness its awesome power. do not waste it on mere physical satisfaction. know your mind enough (and this is something only you can do for yourself) and then take it another step forward. know how much is good enough for you, and go ahead. one more thing, you mentioned “appropriate emotional or psychological dues”. pray, tell me what are those? isn’t living and experiencing life and reading in today’s hyper-everything world not enough? or are the higher states of mind something like the HALLOWED HALLS OF OXFORD, to attain which, you have to go though the necessary tests and pay the appropriate fees? so what i’m saying is that drugs are fine. but to whom does this apply to? to what extent can one go in the use of drugs? at this point, i enlist the help of the EXPERIENCED SILLY ASS, mr. timothy leary who says: “…is not for every brain....only the healthy, happy, wholesome, handsome, hopeful, humorous, high-velocity should seek these experiences. THIS ELITISM IS TOTALLY SELF-DETERMINED. unless you are self-confident, self-directed, self-selected, please abstain. my advice to people today is as follows: if you take the game of life seriously, if you take your nervous system seriously, if you take your sense organs seriously, if you take the energy process seriously, you must TURN ON, TUNE IN, AND DROP OUT." GET THE PICTURE? the controlled use of an addictive substance is something that very few people can handle. but most people cannot (whether you can, go find out for yourself). by the way, the controlled use of a drug once a week is not really controlled. it is a low level addiction. this is the point at which i take exception to joydeep’s statement -- “of course, the individual mind will be far more stable, and reliable without the intoxicated influence. but who's talking about stable minds here?” well, for one, jp was when he said “you can alter your mind without all the junk, if you actually have a mind.” and if what you’re implying that drugs and altered states of mind are the refuge only of unstable minds, i take it that you’re TALKING ABOUT YOURSELF. because as much an exception I took to jp’s categorical statement of excessive tripping, I take it too to your statement. You see, as mr. Leary has pointed out, the last thing you need when you’re doing drugs is an unstable mind. If you think that only an unstable mind needs drugs, you’re wrong. What a person with an unstable mind needs is a mental asylum. and if the one with an unstable mind needs an altered state of mind, i recommend a lobotomy. You also used the term “INDIVIDUAL MIND”. hmm…show me a man with multiple mind(s), joydeep, and I’ll show you a schizophrenic, who also probably needs a lobotomy. so the focus shifts to, as jp pointed out, the quality of the mind. all i will say about it is that people with weak, impressionable minds should not do drugs. how do we define weak impressionable minds? here are a couple of examples. if you read harry potter and then go on to boil a cauldron full of lizard legs and moolangi leaves, while doing a google search for HOGWARTS’ PROSPECTUS, it’s a sure indication that you have a very impressionable young mind. another category of weak, impressionable minds is one where people play silly video games (which were meant for meaningless entertainment anyway), and once they’re done playing, seek out their bazookas and aim to kill other humans, AL-QAEDA ISHTYLE. these 2 are representative examples only, intended to indicate the kind of people who should not do drugs. why do we read? why do we listen to new music? why do we try to visit new places? try to meet new people? FOR THE MIND? right. and drugs just fits neatly into this list. ah yes, you’ll say drugs are dangerous. but who’s to define dangerous? you mean i’ll die earlier? ok. what is there to live for? reading can be dangerous too. if you love books to much, you’ll go broke buying them (knowledge is not for the masses), leaving you no money to buy a good lunch (and dinner). so which do you think is more dangerous? which just illustrates my point that use of drugs per se is not bad, but abuse is. coming to the examples of exemplary achievers and achievements quoted: TOLKIEN AND EINSTEIN. following from jp’s thought that he “don't buy all that stuff about defining whether I mean alcohol/natural substances/hard drugs”, I would say that both of them were substance abusers. so what if the substance was tobacco? tobacco relaxes, doesn’t it? just because it’s legal does not mean it does not have hallucinogenic properties. what say jp? so shall i make the categorical statement that humanity owes its existence and progress to drugs? and SYD BARRET. what can i say about him? if it meant that by doing drugs i could do even half of what he did. i would gladly do more drugs. but you see drugs by themselves do not guarantee anything. you need to be of some substance first, to be able to harness it. or you’ll just end up a slave to it, just syd barret himself did. he should’ve dropped out when he was ahead. THINK ABOUT IT. jp, if there was no use of drugs, there would be no naked lunch, no lucy in the sky with diamonds, and maybe, not even the light bulb. following your logic that every drug user is not using his innate power of mind exploration leads us to say that burroughs, lennon and edison were UNIMAGINATIVE. Or would you rather have us think that people such as FRANK ZAPPA, SHAKESPEARE, DALI, DOYLE, LEWIS CARROL, DICKENS, HENDRIX, JANIS JOPLIN, LAYNE STALEY, POE, AND CARL SAGAN as INSIPID FOOLS just because they used drugs? and who would have been anything but creative had it not been for the drugs? do you still stand by your statement and call these people LOSERS? and you, joydeep, would you have us call people like MARCUS AURELIUS, JULES VERNE, SHELLEY, COLERIDGE, STEVENSON, ALDOUS HUXLEY, FREUD, COLE PORTER, BOB DYLAN, STEVE JOBS AND JP as PEOPLE WITH UNSTABLE MINDS? just because they used drugs? think about it. you see, drugs can only show you the way to HEAVEN (OR HELL). getting there will have to be on your own two legs. if you don’t trust your lazy legs and your mind to survive the journey, or even make it in the first place, what the hell do you need a map for?

 Today, I managed to take a job which was going all awry - too little time, too much to do and so forth and turn it around into something closer to what I think stuff like this should look and read and feel like. Just baby steps, but I think I'm finally getting a grip on how to do work that satisfies ME and does the job, and happens on time (more or less). Just thought I'd preen...

 Deep Joy Yes, we should discuss this in person. Should be fun! But this statement: "excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself.", that you take so much exception to, is a simple fact proven by motivational research. And the operative word is EXCESSIVE. Okay? And yes, I do believe that the whole narcotic experience is, in the larger perspective, a dead-end for human evolution. Although it can make for some amusing diversion along the way (as you know I DO believe!). I think that's the real point on which we differ. Right?

 urlLink Psychohistorical Crisis - Donald Kingsbury Well I've just finished reading this truly epic work of mind-blowing science fiction. It's cerebral, idea-driven SF at it's purest, and a worthy (if somewhat left-handed) tribute to Isaac Asimov's Foundation novels. Basically, Kingsbury takes the whole notion of a benign group of prophets watching over humanity and utterly deconstructs it. In the process, he covers a lot of ground - conceptually (the evolution of measures, the nature of personality, the meaning of history...), geographically (from Old Rith - Earth - to galaxies far beyond) and more. There are sly little references to Lost In Space, Asimov's own Daneel Olivaw, those Laws of Robotics, William Shakespeare, Gibbon's Decline and Fall (which also influenced the Foundation series) and much more tucked away here and there. There are some very colourful, interesting characters - Hyperlord Kikaju Jama, the dilletante revolutionary, the beautiful, light-hearted but searingly intelligent Otara of the Calmer Sea, and so on. The writing style itself pays homage to Asimov's own broad, sweeping voice, but has a more artistic texture to it. In particular, Kingsbury has a way with the sex bits that's totally non-gratuitous but satisfying at the same time. What I mean is, without going out of his way to inject such scenes, he nevertheless tackles them well when they fit the flow, and with a minimum of detail manages to evoke an emotional atmosphere that rings true to me, at least. But what this book is really about is ideas...and so very many of them! To do full justice to this amazing book, I'd have to go into far more detail than I have time for right now. Suffice it to say that, if all books of this length (727 pages) and detail (three lengthy appendices) were as good as this one, Robert Jordan would be a god.

 jaypee, it's a pity you need to be so vehement over the idea of free 'unadulterated' thought .. and to hardline how The Great Mind Must Think is ridiculous. it's probably just your (seemingly newfound) idealism that amuses me .. although, that your conviction (and dictates) spread far beyond this blog is my hope too. so, i had to find my way home last evening, and realise the irresponsibility behind my previous comments .. (i did however check to ensure they were all suppositions, and not definitions, as you have chosen to proclaim) .. so i state this, for the sake of generations that i cannot speak for, but only attempt speaking to: "don't ever get intoxicated - be it with weed, alcohol, anything else. the struggle - through the flood of thought, over utmost relaxation, and into focussed deliberations - can be intensely gratifying, or gravely allusive. you might as well struggle with reality first hand." now, i need to find the root of this discussion, that we have rambled over and on for so long. my disconcern has firmly been over your opinion that: "excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself." to me, this sounds more of a disconcerted statement of an individual mind. that you think the problem is "the quality of the mind" is what i choose to laugh (aloud) at. where do you find a problem? if you think the mind is imperfect, i say the mind is always striving for perfection .. and that is why it is never perfect, but in the life-long process of attaining perfection. (this is relative to the individual, mind you) (and the only minds in a state of complete perfection are resting in graves) i have agreed about all your ideas concerning The Mind. It IS ALL in The Mind. (no second thoughts necessary) so why then do people get high? more likely a question (directed to what you have admitted): how does smoking a spiff relax you? what is it about this relaxation? if the mind is "relaxed", how much better can it get?? (ps: this last bit after reading your last blog-in: the junky is most disconcerted, blasting off without reason, and the reason therein is with the individual mind. i have come through harsh experiences of wasted close-ones hell-bent on losing it, without even an attempt at rationalised behaviour .. and you can be sure i feel very deeply about this too; but while junkies (the lost ones) find their way around, (causing us mere mortals to get all-so didactic), can't we get down to what the damn junk really does to our minds? pps: umm, claim what you want .. but i believe a discussion in person - over a smoke - will work out much better, for two minds trying hard to reason things out. - deep joy

 By the way, Deep Joy, all this vehemence and ass-kicking isn't intended as a personally motivated bludgeoning. I really do feel very deeply about this matter - and I don't meant to be self-righteous. But when you've spent a week looking after a junky who'se cold-turkeying, it kind of rearranges your perspectives on the whole narcotic question. See, what I'm really concerned about is FREEDOM. And you can expect me to consistently strike out at anything that I percieve as being damaging to the pursuit of human freedom. Sorry if I step on a few toes in the process. Take it in the spirit it's intended. (I'm sure you are!)

 I quote: 'if open spaces aren't accessible, substance is. ' BULLSHIT. By the same logic, 'if willing women aren't available, whores are'. I quote again: 'the problem as i understand here is bad shit.' The problem is not the quality of the SHIT. It's the quality of the MIND. You want to explore? Remember something called imagination? Unaided human flight of fancy? No? LOSER. Tolkien never needed 'purest contry produce' to imagine a Middle Earth so real it has become almost a second home to so many. Einstein didn't need a 'phat joint' to put together a theory that challenged the whole edifice of classical physics, and changed the way scientists look at reality. You could point-counterpoint with people who did achieve things under the influence. All those instances are rendered irrelevant by the fact that similar achievements can and have been made without the use of substances. The key here is the human mind -that mass of grey tissue floating around in the confines of your cranium. You can achieve wonders with it if you're willing to spare the time and effort. And substances are by no means the only or even best way to induce different modes of thought. Computer games, as Pierre pointed out, can jumpstart your head into a new level. Meditation. The creative process itelf. Sex, for Zark's sake. By imagining you can only stretch mentally when you smoke, drink, shoot or whatever, you are limiting your own inbridled exploration of your innate potential. Maybe you should do yourself a favour and try exploring your own thoughts and ideas without those crutches you seem to want to cling to and justify so fondly. Explore that...

 Exploring It completely accept that it's all in the mind. that i need not indulge in substance is accepted too. but that doesn't explain what substance does to the mind, does it? of course, the individual mind will be far more stable, and reliable without the intoxicated influence. but who's talking about stable minds here? relaxation can very much become an artificially induced state as well. and if open spaces aren't accessible, substance is. so my sober mind acts without unnecessary thought. and mebbe, the extra worrying does so much good .. by reminding me at every moment that this could be so much better .. ah! but that's an individual mind again. in the state of a 'high' that i attempted describing, the individual mind (provided it is aware and conscious) is a lot more open to stimulation, allowing more of a 'feel' than is possible in a sober state. (this steps into psychic modes, it does) (and, also a whollota incomprehensible mumbo-jumbo, all words after all; whathefuck does dude mean by feel, yes?) ps: never read syd, never heard of castaneda; all i speak is what i have made out (vaguely). pps: the problem as i understand here is bad shit. people need the purest country produce. i've got a lot of that.

 Dude, Joydeep, you make too big a deal about altered states of mind. You can alter your mind without all the junk, if you actually have a mind. Believe me. Get in touch with your head WITHOUT that stuff. Then you wouldn't need the crutch of a phat joint to express yourself... And frankly, I don't buy all that stuff about defining whether I mean alcohol/natural substances/hard drugs. It's all an artificially induced state, one that you haven't paid the appropriate emotional or psychological dues to achieve, and you will eventually suffer the consequences of taking the easy way out. I enjoy the occasional spliff myself. Yes, it relaxes me. Sometimes, it helps me focus on a creative problem a little better, because the background white noise is cut out. But you know what? I can achieve all that without inputting anything. I'm not bragging, it's true. And so can you. I don't buy all this phoney Carlos Castaneda style baloney, and I'm chagrined at how deeply ingrained it is in people of my generation, despite evidence to the contrary, and despite alternative means of achieving the same states. Have we learned nothing from the likes of Syd Barrett? Substances that alter your mental state (weeds, seeds, pills, wahtever) are a dangerous shortcut, if what you're looking for is mental growth. If it's just to relax once in a while, that's ok. But don't look to a substance to give you what your mind is already capable of. Or are you so steeped in our quick-fix consumerist culture that you don't want to evolve and explore the mind on your own?

 This today: India today decided not to send troops to Iraq, saying it would have considered such a request only if it came from the United Nations. "If there was an explicit UN mandate for the purpose, the Government of India could consider the deployment of our troops in Iraq," External Affairs Minister Yashwant Sinha told reporters after a 90-minute meeting of Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) which discussed the issue. Considering that the UN is pretty much US's butt-boy, I don't see this as anything but a grandstanding time-wasting tactic. Basically, the governemnt is just spinning its wheels, torn between wanting so bad to kiss up to the US and being very aware that the people may not like it, and Assembly Elections are around the corner...

 One of the rather odder aspects of my job involves creating a weekly poll for the intranet of one of our clients. Just that: a weekly poll. No inputs on what it should be about, what to avoid or anything. Thou shalt make us a weekly poll. So far, I've given them polls on test cricket, the movies and so on. One of the burning issues in our country right now is the whole sordid Ayodhya mess. So I sent them a poll related to that today. They rejected it, without giving a reason and I receive an imperial verdict to make a new one. That's why this country is going to hell on the express lane - we don't want to think about the real issues that face us. Just gas off about cricket and movies and who knows what else, as long as it's not really important. When we ARE forced to face up, as anyone who has watched the NDTV program We he People can tell you, we just fall into meaningless platitudes, inflammatory polemic and, rapidly, utter incoherence. Cowards.

 "tripped out", being dearest lord of the vaguest ramblings, your discourses and tidbits work like mouthfreshener for me. by saying that, i do not mean i really follow every meaning you describe, but your words are comfortingly fresh. i dig that, like "that's the shit" only an inflected tone can convey. for this piece of mine, i choose words to respond to one statement in particular, that you chose to highlight as your understanding, in the piece titled "shaking off the chains". i cannot speak for musicians, as i have only ever appreciated the kind, and never been one among them. but to pursue a creative art of self-expression, is something i understand as universal. all that apart, this bleary-eyed monday-morning head was most piqued to read a remark, such: "I believe that a person drinks or does a drug excessively only if he or she greatly prefers that altered mental state to normal sentience. Put simply, excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself ." it seems to me, that the state of being 'tripped out' has been left unsatisfactorily described. of course, before getting to the state itself, there are several issues that need clarification: for one, the issue of "excessive" indulgence. in what context is this "excess"? and who is to determine how much is "excessive" for every and any one? i have known, and in fact been (over earlier days) in, the out-of-conscious state with drug/alcohol amounts that are by no standards much; on the contrary, the least amounts could get certain minds way out of control. agreeably, "excessive" indulgence implying regular consumption, does decrease the relative effect on a mind over time, causing an increase in need (or craving) - for the sake of attaining a state off-handedly identified as a "higher" state. the point i disagree with is that a mind needs to be necessarily discontent with the self in order to indulge excessively in intoxication. if the 'altered state-of-mind' can be identified (as a bio-logical reaction), and the effects therein comprehended clearly, this state-of-mind can, i believe, serve to work wonders. (to define such a state can seem and sound really hollow and pointless, as, who is to explain how what-i-mean really feels like?) but i must attempt defining this 'altered state'. in my opinion, the feeling most commonly understood as a drug/alcohol-induced 'high', is nothing but a 'higher state of consciousness' (as a bio-logical effect of a sedated nervous system, and increased "sensitivity" of the individual mind). most minds introduced to this state of increased sensitivity get driven into spiralling private pre-occupations of the self. such pre-occupations can last over life-long experiences, and really depend on vaguely defined (and oft misunderstood) references to functioning modes of the individual mind: issues like the sense of self-criticism, logical reasoning, mental balance, etc.. if the mind experiences such a state in an open environment (physically, this could mean open skies and nature, or even in the act of love-making), the mind might be able to broaden its understanding - over partners, known people, other people, people in general, and probably even the world. in such a state, when the sensitivity of a mind is at its peak, expression turns out in the purest form known to it. what struck me most in your message that accepts musicians getting 'tripped out' before making music, is the apparent cluelessness regarding the cause and effect of intoxication. (now, alcohol versus natural substances versus hardcore drugs is a discussion apart altogether) the bottomline IS a state of mind. this can be described by most people as simply "getting high", explained by few others as an "elevated" state of being, and most commonly misunderstood as 'smashed', etc .. if the mind loses all control. having scripted this piece, i find so many unclear statements, and vaguer allusions, herein, that i now so dearly wish i'd written this after smoking a big phat joint.

 This is it. The heavy metal fans of today are anal, obsessive, nerdy GEEKS. There was a time when it was all metal, basically. There was thrash and there was classic. Then came this thing called 'death' which you either got, or didn't. Now? I just visited an Indian site devoted to metal, and here are some of the genres I actually saw mentioned in all seriousness: Symphonic Black/Death (violins and violence, I guess) South Florida black metal (not to be confused with Miami Vice) Ancient Black metal (the sort of thing Lara Croft digs up, I suppose) dark and brutal death metal (as opposed to the light and gentle kind) hardcore metal (aha. This is the REAL metal...right?) Brutal Grind/Death metal (What do they do? Brutalise you in such a way as to both grind you and make you die?) hardcore punk metal (Aha. Obviously not Green Day, that much is clear) doom metal (I think it's doomed anyhow) avantgarde black metal (if it ain't Celtic Frost, I don't think so) Hindu-Scriptures-Influenced-Death-Metal-Band (Om Nama Yama?) old school Death Metal (The old death metal I used to hear when I was in school) Grind (aha. A whole metal genre named after an MTV dance program. Odd) ultra brutal Death Metal (ahhhh...this must be the REAL hard stuff...right?) eurhhh....go get a life, wankers. Or better yet, end your own.

 I moved back into my bachelor pad on saturday. I had to leave it for a while in between, when I was doing the freelance thing, because that gig doesn't pay well enough or regulalrly enough to run your own house. I share the place with Tushar, a software chap who also plays the drums. We have a whole lot of friends in common, virtually our whole social circle is the same, or used to be. Last night, I realised how very singular I have become. Tush and three other common friends were in the hall, smoking up, watching a movie and later listening to Liquid Tension Experiment, a side-project of prog-wank heroes, Dream Theater. In the meantime, I was in my room listening to Blur and Nick Cave and reading Vance Packard. It was like two different worlds under one roof. A bright, brash world I used to think I belonged in, and this quiet, but fascinating world I am now building for myself. The spaces are growing around me. I talk to the wind...

 I've just picked a pair of craft scissors, some glue and cellotape. I figure it's time to put that 3-year subscription to Outlook to some good use...

 Well, I've been a little more philosophical than usual, but at least I did do one movie-reviewish thing and one book review. But the three of you actually find this kind of stuff as entertaining as the other, don't you?

 I was thinking about how people pick a role and then use it to limit rather than explore themselves. I was thinking about this because I play (or at least used to play) the bass guitar, and a lot of the people I know are musicians. You'd think someone who is pursuing a creative art of self-expression would be an interesting, fulfilled person with a lot to share socially. Well, it really isn't so. Most of the musicians I know are rather boring people outside of that small circle of musicians and their followers. An alarming number of them drink, smoke pot or experiment with other stuff to the extent that it dominates their social lives, destroying it in some cases. I believe that a person drinks or does a drug excessively only if he or she greatly prefers that altered mental state to normal sentience. Put simply, excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself. In many ways, these people have so identified themselves with their role as musicians that they are hardly capable of being anything else, of embodying all those little details and nuances that make up a complete human being. Sure they crack a lot of jokes, but after sometime that becomes a crutch as well. These in-jokes and phrases pop up and replace any kind of meaningful conversation that might reveal how little they have to say. And even the spread of these little memes shows how insulated and self-referential the music community here has made itself. I remember, earlier this year, I was helping a friend of mine, a fellow bassist, with his copy test for an ad agency. Whenever he came out with ideas that rang true, I would encourage him by saying 'that's the shit!'. A few weeks later, I had this phrase used at me by a musician who had just come down from Bombay, with exactly the same tone and inflection in which I'd used it. Very touching, but, hell, can't you think up your own catchphrases for Zark's sake? I think most of the musicians I know have somehow stunted their emotional growth at the adolescent level - probably because that's the stage at which they felt the most joy in their music, and therefore, their lives. I notice that these people find it very hard to transit into a wholesome, mature state of mind and life. They cling to all the wrong aspects of being a musician - the license, the waywardness, the mindless rebelliousness, pointless technical excellence and reject the chance to take it all to the next level. In a way, my friend who described them as just 'meeting down the pub to blow sunshine up each other's asses' might have been at least half-right. I realise that I took exception to what he said partly because I still have some remnants of loyalty to that community, and partly because the particular band he was picking on, Cryptic, is far too good to just dismiss like that. This is just one instance of the thought I'd introduced at the beginning. There are so many other ways in which people use an aspect of their lives to actually limit themselves rather than run with it and seize freedom in a larger sense. Why are people so afraid of freedom? What do you think?

 I'm in Madras after a gap of nearly three years. Thelast time I was here, I was part of a band that was participating in IIT Madras' annual cultural festival. Now I'm here on a business trip. Funny how life is. The place is pretty much as I remember it. Fresh from Bangalore, it all seems rather smelly, incredibly mosquito-ridden and the weather is as humid as ever. What really sets a Madras (I refuse to refer to it as Chennai, by the way. I was born in a place called Madras and that's the story I'm sticking to) street apart from it's Bangalore counterpart is the amount of organic waste rotting everywhere. The usual excretions, plus flowers, leaves and various other odds and ends that somehow just don't form a major portion of the litter in colder, harder Bangalore. I might be wrong, but another difference is a certain vibrance. The vibe on the streets is somehow warm, vivacious and very earthy. In contrast, Bangalore is chaotic, sullen, scheming and crude for the most part. It's probably because of the influx of rich IT types, and the displacement as well as the new opportunties for - well - opportunism - felt by the locals as a consequence. In a way, Bangalore is starting to feel a bit like a tourist trap - a situation where a large percentage of the population is permanently geared up to exploit another large section, whether transient or just new. Not that the IT types are innocents abroad - in many ways, it's their crude, materialistic attitudes that have brought about this change in Bangalore. I can't really comment all that much on Madras on the basis of a day spenthere - but the contrasts have, oddly enough, helped me crystallise a lot of the things I've been percieving about Bangalore. I haven't been able to locate the second-hand book stores yet, but one glance at my grandfather's collection - THOUSANDS of books, I tell you, reminded me that, in Madras at least, I hardly need them. It's also been fun meeting my little cousins. I never imagined Iwould enjoy being with two little kids as much as I am, but I will confess I'm glad it's time for them to sleep. they can get pretty exhausting - where does all that energy come from anyway?

 can parodies be far behind? check out urlLink the real hussein

 It's past 6 in the gathering evening. Thick clouds outside make it hard to tell if the sun is still setting or not. after a long day of slow disasters, quick saves and all-round wage slaving, the office is slowing down, gradually easing up to a complete halt. Some of my colleagues are perched in front of their terminals, eyes focussed, supple fingers poised and twitching, catching a few rounds of a virtual bike race, or shooting up Nazis somewhere near Normandy Beach. Others are gathered in the balcony exchanging conversation and puffs off their cigarettes. Outside, the city goes whizzing by, as it always does. Another work day is done. Oh wait. A sudden strident phone rings. Please let it be over...ahhh false alarm. The day ends, all but an hour of hot beverages, reading and maybe conversation down at India Coffee House.

 Check out urlLink Uchronia - The Alternate History List - A site that rounds up just about alternate history story ever written.

 I've been thinking about the use of cliches. 'Don't' is a good admonition in this regard, as far as it goes, but cliches are a lot more interesting than such an attitude would suggest. Why do cliches happen? Because they work. Because they reflect the half-dozen or so common hopes, fears or aspirations we all carry around inside our heads. Because they connect. Folk tales thrive on cliches - the wicked step mother, the changling child, the innocent abroad, the big bad wolf and so on. They work because they use these cliches to tell stories that resonate with something very deep in the psyche of their audience. In this sense, cliches can be taken as 'signs' which have a universally accepted significance. Which is what words also are, after all. By manipulating these signs, the creator can do away with a lot of scene-setting and get on with the narrative, the story, the message. There are art forms like Japanese urlLink Noh urlLink Theatre which consist entirely of spinning around a set of given cliches. The thrill is in seeing what new form the old chestnuts will take this time. Superhero comics and much of the fantasy genre work on the same premise. But cliches are so often the first and last refuge of the incompetent - this is most clearly visible in the world of cinema and television. Where does the crossing-over point occur, the divide between an intelligent, interesting manipulation of archetypes and the mindless re-bottling of old stale wine? *Sadly, this has nothing to do with urlLink Karen Cliche... damn.

 A rather interesting essay. Although the argument basically just seems to boil down to : 'Some people NEED drugs just to cope in this fucked up world.' Going by the same logic, 'some people NEED to rape babies just to cope in this fucked up world.' OK, that wasn't quite fair, I realise. Anyway go read the essay and decide for yourself. In fairness, I should add that the writer is making a valid point when he says that pro-sobriety types who feel you shouldn't use a narcotic to help you cope wouldn't back their statement by offering such people constructive help. We should find a way to make help more accesible before condemning peope who use some mind-altering substance (alcohol, weed, whatever) to deal with their problems. I guess the key is in a statement by Allan Watts, where he says in his essay 'Psychedelics and Religious Experience', 'their (psychedelics, but I'm extending it to psychotropics in general) free and responsible use be exempt from legal restraint'. The point is defining what exactly responsible use means. Because very few (maybe only 2) of the pro-drug people I know are actually using their trips in a manner that could be described as 'responsible'. And once you come to an acceptable definition of 'responsible use', how do you enforce it? Any ideas on either the definition or enforcement of 'responsible use'? Because I do accept that making substances illegal just because a large number of people may misuse them is contrary to the freedom of the individual. But the alternative cannot be a free-for-all state of licence. A good definition of 'responsible use' has to allow for both recreational use and transformational use. Just narrowing it down either way isn't an answer either. And the REAL problem is enforcement...damn. Why does it all have to be so complex? Because this is the real world, I guess. Actually it isn't an issue of enforcement so much as an issue of giving people access to sensible, balanced information and advice. Sadly, the whole issue just polarises people so much (myself very much included) that such an ideal state of affairs is aeons away.

 Slight modification: I may respect everyone's right to choose their own lifestyle, but I reserve the right not to respect people once they have chosen a lifestyle I do not approve of. Yes, I'm becoming an intolerant hardliner, I know...damn.

 People are strange. Deeply, deeply strange. I chanced upon a site called 'Gorean Whsipers' recently, after picking up a few Gor books by John Norman. These books feature a society where most women are slave-girls. Apparently, a lot of people of 'parallel sexual orientations' look to these books as a sort of scripture or guide. This particular site is run by a BDSM community who pattern their lifestyles after the Gor books. I don't know if it's all for real, but I find it deeply disturbing to come across women in this day and age making statements like 'And truly I am - his - for as long as he permits me to love and serve at his feet., or 'The feeling of surrender is peaceful...It's being content .. unquestioning .. always feeling safe .. it's being joyful that you're a slave and grateful for the opportunity...it's the ability to be absolutely trusting of your Master .. it's believing in him even when he makes mistakes. ' erkks? If this is for real, I do indeed find it DEEPLY disturbing. I respect everyone's right to choose their own lifestyle, but...I just don't get this at all.

 As it turns out, Deep Joy Sen broke his leg last thursday. Apparently, some hungover driver with a van full of school children banged into him one fine morning. Hence his absence. So maybe the Big Drug Debate will soon start raging again...or better yet, a new and more interesting debate.

 erhhh...today I was down with a sudden stomach upset. Very shitty day. On the bright side, I picked up the issue of That Glossy Mag which included my anti-dj article, 'Whatever Happened To Humanity?' I realise I disagree now with some of the points I made in that article. Specifically, I'd contended that electronic music technology makes it easier for people with no actual traditional music skills to create something approximating music. Actually, that's true, but it doesn't mean that this technology is any less valid than good old musical instruments. A true artist will make use of any tool at hand to create. I guess the point I should have made is that it's easy to get carried away with the dj thing because it's now and it's fresh, but even so, the same standards that apply to any other kind of music must be used in assessing this music as well. When it comes to that, there are as few really important or interesting things happening in the dj scene as there are in rock. Still, rock has been around fora while, and declared dead with unfailing regularity. It's also done the resurrection thing with the same regularity, so it's important not to treat rock music as a closed book - there are exciting sounds kicking around the edges, and a phoenix act may well be on its way. At least, I hope so...

 I seem to be getting a little fixed about my opinions. I have very definite stances on various things and I'm no longer interested in debating the other side. What I tend to feel is, either see what I'm trying to say, or get lost. This doesn't apply to every single area - and it doesn't apply to everyone I know. But it does seem to be my overriding attitude in most dealings. Then again, that's usually in interaction with people who are a bit younger than me, now that I come to think of it. I often feel impatient with what they have to say because I feel they aren't saying or feeling anything new or interesting. Nearly all the time, they really aren't - when I ask for specifics, they just clam up and accuse me of being heavy-handed or narrow minded and then they exit the discussion. Is it a growing up thing or just a growing older thing?

 Is it better to avoid all ghettoes or to create your own? The difference is between being a total freebird, if also a rootless drifter at the same time, and being the master of your own creation, small though it may be. It's not that easy to choose...

 Here's a little scrap from a story I'm working on. Comments and criticism are welcome... Let's try this: a vast room, somewhere deep in the caverns of a city (hollowed out of the earth's crust in a bid to solve ever-growing housing problems some three centuries previously). Various odds and ends of esoteric equipment litter the room in a vaguely ordered chaos. The centerpiece of the whole space is a vast haze, black with lightning-flashes of blue at the center and ringed with a hazy, blinding white at the edges. It forms a rough circle. Arcs of blue flare out from the core now and then, lancing across the room without any visible effect. Now, the players. A group of 19 young research scientists from various parts of the solar system. Some patched in, some physically present. Some of the patch-ins are interfaced with a Bodysuit to join the physically present in manipulating a complex of wires, circuits and other gadgetry that frames the circular manifestation. They are headed by an older man, grey haired but with a youthful vigour and a charismatic air, a bit like a MedicSoap Older Doctor. Nevertheless, he is a brilliant man. Suddenly, the yawning black turns an alarming shade of red. Various sirens go off, lights flash and researchers run around yodelling in confusion, trying to follow panic-forgotten emergency protocols. With a shout, the older man rallies them around and puts them to work on the framework device. ‘Shut it down, that's our only hope.’ He calls out, directing individual researchers to different tasks at different nodes of the structure. The junior scientists, physically present, patched in and prosthetically manifest, go about their tasks with frantic efficiency. The red glow seems to stretch out of the haze, bulging out of the confines of the framework, gradually at first. As time passes, one scientist after the other fails to achieve the desired result and moves on to another task. Gradually, more than half of the team find themselves out of useful options and mill around their as-yet active comrades, hoping to find some reassurance. The glow has reached its point of maximum contraction now, and coalesces into a filmy skin, stretched tight over a blinding glow. The leader calls his helpers away from their tasks and gathers them around him. They huddle together, many embracing, some weeping, staring all the while at the object before them. The glow increases in intensity. A sudden humming sound reaches a crescendo and the membrane explodes, spewing light and energy in its blast.

 Yesterday I read two urlLink Frank Miller comics, Ronin and Hard Boiled. Very interesting stuff. Both of them would work perfectly well as prose stories - there's more than enough content there. Seeing that level of concept told in the form of a comic, reminded me of this comic edition of Marlowe's Doctor Faustus that I have, illustrated by urlLink Oscar Zarate. I think the story came alive for me in the pages of that comic far more than they ever could have years later when I studied the play in college. There were just so many nuances and resonances of the story that my lecturer just wasn't capable of pointing out. A comic project is going to be a real opportunity to focus and crystallise my storytelling abilities. Hopefully, that will also translate back into greater depth in my prose writing - the experience should help me balance out my tendancy to a very expository, idea-based style (the Asimov/Clarke/Herbert thing) with a more hard-boiled, immediate element. One of the things I really admire in urlLink Ken MacLeod's novels is the visual eye-kick he often delivers. A lot of very good writers, especially in sf, haven't succesfully balanced out a vividness of setting and action with a depth of ideas - so this is definitely something worth exploring.

 I must be the only Doctor Who fan in all the galaxies who has never seen a single episode.

 woo hoo I sent it off. Homecoming has left the nest, at last. Sob. Now all I have to do is wait for 'em rejection slips, and get on with the next story!!!! Wish me luck...

 I guess the quest for knowledge thing I mentioned earlier is basically an expression of the search for growth. Knowledge is one way to grow. There are others, as well.

 Well, I stopped smoking yesterday (Aug 1) according to plan. I chickened a bit and took a couple of drags of a cigarette before going in for my ah - morning amenities, but then I chucked it away. Chewing Wrigley's Doublemint and drinking lots of water to keep the craving and the crankiness at bay. It mostly is working, except I yelled at an auto driver for about 5 minutes, but then those suckers deserve most of the cussing they get. Sharing a bong with a friend in the night helped considerably - it showed me how much better the green leaf is than the brown one, in every way, and buffered my resolve to chuck this habit. Oddly, I'm not getting constipated, like a lot of people predicted. Or maybe it takes time to kick in. Okay, that's more than I need to share with all three of you, I'll zip it up for now. Wish me luck as I wade back into the nicotine-less life!

 Well, not so much SF. There was Van Vogt's 'The World of Null-A', which I have, a rather cheesy looking post-acopalyptic novel called 'Nuclear Subtraction' which I avoided and one more which I did buy, Chad Oliver's Shadows in the Sun.

 Aha...just got a message from one of my second hand book sellers. through my trusted accomplice Shenoy. Message goes: "Tell him I've got lots of science fiction, ask him to come and take it fast." Bloody brillant!! Rocking good news!!! Here I go...

 The important thing is not to confuse the need to learn with the need to believe. Many areas of human knowledge - history, for example, are not absolute pronouncements of fact beyond a certain surface level of detail. A responsible scholar refrains from presenting absolutes where there only certainties and uncertainties of differing magnitudes. Sadly the number of irresponsible, axe-to-grind proselytisers, reactionaries and apologists putting out their counterfactual persuasions in the name of spreading information gets larger everyday. It's important to retain the ability to critically assess every supposed 'fact' we are presented with, to examine the validity of each arguement we come across. There may be no absolute truth - but there are certainly a wide array of definite untruths jostling to capitalise on our credulity. Perhaps the ability to recognise misinformation is even more important than the ability to find information.

 the human yearning for continuing knowledge is a universal phenomenon. individual minds have always felt the need to learn more, and keep learning more and more, about the world we live in. we constantly feel the need to explain most common incidents, and phenomena, because the lack of an explanation can immediately assume mysterious, and sometimes even scary interpretations. (last dark night in bed, a strange ruffling sound shook me awake; and in pure sniper-manner i froze on the source: first alerted, second hunting, third time finally secured: rotten scrap of loose paper against the wall - which in those two seconds, sounded like an intruder, perhaps a rat, an electric wire burning, cat outside, and so much more.) while the desire to learn must be rooted in the sense of acquiring and broadening understanding, this (understanding) is almost always in direct relation to immediate individual circumstance (directly thereby, influencing individual understanding). through many periods in history, several men dominated with power and force, while a few names would consistently arise in time, to lead the way, in thought, with wisdom, and intelligence. there were many such 'great minds' who were able to understand, and think in global proportions. recent times (as we know it in 2003) even found many who would much rather spend thought on worldly proportions. but commerce never impeded the student's craving for knowledge, and in fact, the latest information age is what they have already called the future. this must mean that we have so much more to learn - so much more than all of them before us did. after all, only we can speak of all that history. it just saddens me to see so many heads working so hard for the sake of money, forsaking ambition, and probably even ability. a few do yet inspire individuals. guess i need to snipe more of them.

 For some reason, I've always had an inordinate fondness for clipped, descriptive passages like this: 'For a heavy man, he gave an unusual impression of being muscular instead of fat, and he was very dapper, wearing a snappy tweed suit which was just a little on the zoot side, but not sufficiently zoot to be ridiculous. It was a good suit, and all the accessories were expensive. He was not much more than thirty, with blue eyes, fine white teeth, a taffy-colored mustache, blond hair. He gave the general impression of a slicker.' -Kenneth Robeson, The Spook of Grandpa Eben (A Doc Savage Adventure)

 ...and all for free. No log-ins, no passwords. Doc Savage, The Avenger, The Shadow, Buffalo Bill, Calamity Jane, Zorro and more. Dig in urlLink here... at the Blackmask e-book site.

 For some reason, writing about music just doesn't appeal to me anymore. It's a bit like cycling without a fish. Whatever that meant. Seriously, though, writing about individual bands, albums or concerts somehow seems too narrow. There isn't really all that very much you can derive from any one band, especially not a popular rock n roll band. I hate to say it, but the largest perecentage of rock music is pretty inconsequential when you come right down to it, even the stuff I like. Which is actually no big deal - it's just pop culture and doesn't need to go any deeper. I guess what's really put me off is the fan community who assume and believe it's all so deep and meaningful when it's only rock n' roll for Zark's sake. Get over yourselves, kiddos. Oh yea, this little outburst was inspired by a conversation with a friend who writes about music for a living.

 i walk haltingly, crutched over armpits digging the ground hard. the pain is stinging, seething lingering. but the words refuse to dance. the jig is limp. super-boy with left tibia of steel. my first boss, the hag, proclaimed lofty that i must not be so "pedantic", shuffling away. i could run her down now. so i did soar, take off, fly clean, and the efforts were not wasted. yes i fell, so many a time leaving big holes behind they swept up, covered the wreck, and kept the laughs ringing. so i can turn around and smile looking at last. everybody's pointing ways far out, all rooted in the ground i stand, looking around, for someone who follows whatanall they say. as for now, i can follow slow, broke a leg, sorry, the rush of things don't leave me flailing, gasping, like all else that do breathe. fate, called a friend, not too late, and that night wasn't the first, 'course not, dudhead, and you better get up and about quick.

 so much more to get done (and then there's all the fun)

 What's your answer? Do you have one? Mine is: 'There's so much more to find out."

 An interesting urlLink review of a book on the pulps.

 Well, my Science Fiction dreams are soon going to face the acid test of reality. I've more or less tinkered one of my favourite stories into a state where I don't want to mess with it anymore. I've picked out a few dozen pro and semi pro SF 'zines to submit it to - one at a time, of course. And once I send it off, I'm going to be holding my breath, waiting for those rejection slips!!! Seriously, the story is called 'Homecoming'. It's driven by two broad ideas, expressed in the context of a coming-of-age story. The core ideas are: An alternate vision of space expansion to the pioneering, exploration and colonisation driven model still used by most SF. I think the driving force will be commerce, not adventure or territorial acquisition. I'm just extrapolating from existing historical facts - the East India Company established a presence in India long before HM the Queen, for instance. I've chosen a particular service industry as the vehicle for this expansion, which I thought was very original, but I've since read a Stanley Weinbaum story that uses the same chaps for the same purpose. Well, my development of the idea is still pretty different. I've tried to explore where people with the real pioneer spirit would go in such a situation, and found a possibly unexpected but very familiar destination for them. It's also an extended parable about the Great Indian Brain Drain and how I think it can be dealt with in the long run. Other elements that I explored are something I'd like to call 'imaginary music' (something like Borges' imaginary books) and a look at the interpersonal dynamics in a close-knit family. I know it sounds like an awful lot, but actually, its just a couple of core ideas with a reasonable number of related and unrelated issues also being explored. Since I can't do blockbuster action, the least I can give my (as yet imaginary) readers is a lot to think about. Another reason I'm eager to get this story doing the round is that I've got a couple more stories exploring the same overall future-history and the ideas that sparked it off. But it's hard to move on to a new project until you've done something with the old one, even if it's just to definitely know that it was a failure.

 A fascinating urlLink article on the influence Anglo-Saxon culture had on old John Ronald Reuel, from the Council for British Archaeology's site. A welcome breath of fresh air amidst all the movie-prompted LoTR chatter on the net.

 I've been noticing, both online and in what we, increasingly laughably, call the real world, that there are two basic approaches people of 'superior taste' have towards reccomending books, music and so on to others. I've put 'superior taste' in quotes, because this is a subjective designation, but what i'm referring to is, for instance, the fantasy fan who is more into Erikson, Martin or Ford and how she would approach trying to reccomend trying these writers out to someone whos tastes are still more - er - 'inferior'. I'm not making a value judgement here, really, just trying to keep my terms consistent. Anyway, I've found one approach is to just bombard the hapless victim with 'oh get over that stuff, you should read X Y and Z instead, they are so much broader in vision, literary merit and so and on so forth'. This is basically the crusading approach. It can work if the recepient is farily open-minded or has some reason to trust you. But if they don't, which is very often the case online, this approach can actually be counter-productive. I've seen too many forums that hive off into a 'mass aesthetic' faction and an 'high-brow connoiseur' faction. I think everyone looses in a situation like this. 'mass' types totally lock themselves away from some real landmark work because it is for 'those other guys' and the 'high-brows' also suffer by being out of touch with the pulse of the larger generic world, where something good does happen from time to time. That's why I've found it makes more sense to approach an 'inferior' in a totally different way. If the person you are trying to convert likes Avril Lavigne, Creed and Coldplay, fair enough. These are her tastes and they mean something to her. Rather than alienate her, it makes much more sense to show her how what you like is related to what you like. Instead of saying 'Ugh Coldplay is so wussy, they are cheap Radiohead knock-offs' you could instead say, 'if you like Coldplay so much, you know, Radiohead was a big influence on them. It might take a little effort, but you may find Radiohead worth trying.' This is simple persuasion procedure. Missionaries, politicians, salesmen and seducers of both sexes have used it over the millennia to good effect. It may seem hard to apply it to a topic you feel passionately about, but maybe that's exactly when gentle persuasion is most useful. Got that? Good. Now assume the position...

 Remember the Catwoman in that old Batman TV series? Of course you do - Julie Newmar in a tight, black Catsuit. She only appeared in 6 episodes, but well over 30 years later, we're still feeling the heat - Batman, Robin, and all of us clenched-fisted Batfans, even those who, like me, weren't even born when these episodes frist aired. Her prowling, purring, seductive portrayal of a super-villainess who was always destined to occupy center stage in a million wet dreams is still something of a landmark. The equally lovely Eartha Kitt, her replacement, just didn't have the same smoldering, languorous mix of allure and threat. Michelle Pfeifer came closest, in an otherwise mixed film that most of us don't remember all that much about. Serious actress that she is, Ms. Pfeiffer attempted a deeper analysis of Catwoman : `There are feminist elements in Catwoman, and I do see her as a positive role model if you look at her metaphorically. She's about empowerment - a character coming into her own.' Be that as it may, what Pfeiffer's portrayal is most significant for, as far as this little essay is concerned, is that Catwoman finally got into leather. It's not too clear exactly what the Catsuit is made of in the comics and the TV Catwomen seem to have been wearing some indeterminate, shiny fabric, but we knew all along, I think, that it had to be leather. And Pfeiffer (or rather Tim Burton) finally gave us leather! These feline musings were brought on by the observation that nearly every action flick worth its salt these days, particularly if it has an SF or comic-book element, seems to feature at least one leather-clad ass-kicking hottie. Matrix: Reloaded had Carrie Anne Moss, Jada Pinkett Smith and Monica Belluci, X-Men: 2 saw Halle Berry, Famke Janssen and Kelly Hu doing the leather routine, Jennifer Garner sports leather in Daredevil and Kristanna Loken's Dominatrix is again decked out in a red leather outfit that she swipes from its rightful owner within the first few minutes of the movie. Chicks in leather are everywhere. I'm not complaining - far from it, in fact. And that's the whole point. There seems to be something intrinsically arousing about a woman in a tight, shiny leather costume. It's right up there with black lace, schoolgirl uniforms and all the other odd, often undignified styles we like to garb our fantasy women in, before rapidly disrobing them. I won't even attempt to analyse what the magic of a chick in leather is all about. Frankly, the very thought gets me far too hot and bothered for that sort of rational thought...

 Well, I saw Terminator 3 last night and I quite enjoyed it. I think people just like sequel-bashing because it makes them feel important. They still watch the sequels, though. I've seen some really inane remarks about this movie: Schwarzenneger has become old. (well, duh) The Terminatrix has no expressions. (like Arnie is all animated) John Connor is a wimp. (as long as Arnie's around, does it matter?) Claire Danes looks like an aunty. (some people just have no sense, I guess) Strangely, all these dumb remarks were made by ONE person , along with a few others that I shall not deign to even repeat. Some people just aren't happy unless they're bashing something, I guess. I won't pretend the movie was really significant and so forth, but it was entertaining, and that's all I really expected, and that's certainly what I got. Expect T4 by the year 2014?

 Brilliant. I'm falling ill. What else? A flu. Just brilliant. Curse this toilet earth and all the vermin that infest it.

 The BBC has a rather cool urlLink section dedicated to Douglas Adams and The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy. Actually, the whole BBC site is a lot more interesting than you'd imagine.

 When will people learn to use language to COMMUNICATE??? I was checking out some work by an interactive design student from a big institute in Italy. Her work is really good, but it all kind of fell apart when I came to the section where she defined her focus: 'Exploring ubiquitous computing systems within public sector scenarios.' Duh??? Basically, if you are into designing for usability, the same should apply to verbal content as well. Right?

 I'm sad to report that Big Sister's attempts to 'clean up' Madras seem to have resulted in wiping out much of the second hand book business there. All those pavement stalls in Moor Market? They're gone. I heard they've been relocated to some building, but didn't have time to track this rumour down. I did find an old whitebeard with piles of even older text books in Mylapore. When I asked, he managed to pull out some 'novels' (his generic word for any book that is not a text-book) - I managed to get a collection of short stories by Isaac Singer, a book by Kuldip Nair and JK Galbraith's The Affluent Society. Apparently most of his 'novels' were confiscated in a recent raid. But there's hope - he said if I came by next week, he could get me more 'novels'. Of course, I won't be able to do that, but maybe next month... Next, I headed down to Mount Road where, across and down the road from Higginbothams, I managed to find another second-hand bookstall by the pavement. He had quite a large collection and an impressive selection of fantasy and sf - I picked up books by Robert Heinlein, Jack Vance, Larry Niven, Anne McCaffrey and LE Modessit Jr. Also a few other odds and sods, including a book about serial killer Dennis Nilssen, another about witchcraft and satanism in modern times and a collection of short stories about Jack the Ripper. And a couple of Gor novels as well - although I'm not able to really fathom why I picked them up. Before you jump to the obvious conclusions, no I don't think so. The prices were pretty amazing - this entire haul cost me about Rs. 250 - I doubt I'd be able to get more than 4 or 5 second hand books for that amount in Bangalore. It's definitely worth swinging by Madras at least once in three months or so. Well, here's hoping the senseless persecution of this noble industry in Madras ends...

 For one thing, you can now experience urlLink this....

 mortals tickle the lord (busy bums beemuse the restive; the prentice seeking Sentience) some pending issue of a back-handed prescription has snowballed into bits of irregular second-hand petitioning, seeking concerted attention of a few nobodies in particular. by pact, all action has been resigned. : apparently rejected as a cwack of impooper diagnosis, the suggestion promptly receded in foreign winds, only to float into willing hands that can scratch the deepest furrow. lord word chucked a laugh, without much Definition. (he would later run madly down the stairs, screaming "man is happy!") the key-maker, his wares on the floor, examining every scratch, smoothens his forehead, sucking a spliff for relaxation. his master key works on most doors, but some window in the south refuses to shut. his compatriot, the scavenger, has given up his gathering; he cannot handle the mess (there was once a lone gust of aimless junk, before the prolonged lull). both apprentices irate over misgivings, honour and profession; the key-maker would rather shape notes (but even they are all scratchy); the scavenger might just become the municipal corporation (but there is no quotation on that); he eyes his junk short-sightedly, envisioning a sweeping display in some blessed halls that are so empty. the key-maker claims an opening. he has observed the lock for years. the key-hole hasn't grown! he peeks through and exclaims at the world. (quickly jotting down a frenzy of realization, it seems: i have learned nothing, stupid mortal, the lessons are lined up to the grave; looks around for discussion, finds none, and temporally satisfied*, seeks more Relaxation) the crowing outside chased a pigeon into the south window. the sight, unfamiliar claimed some, was excretiating. the hags shooed and sighed at the cocky intruder rubbing its head with a broken left wing. in the middle of the sill (on the threshold as it were), it crapped a perfect turd. (everybody fell rolling on the floor, launching scattered keys at the window; they were reassured, misunderstanding. all laughed but the key-maker) *the dissatisfaction kept them awake.

 my dear devoted mother took herself up to the teaching profession long before realising she could actually help kids in learning. she was bored (seriously), and even as a kid i could sit locked up at home peacefully (there was a sneak-out route). so she has been teaching tirelessly for two decades, now promoted to superlative post of academic supervisor, always collecting precious bonuses from after-hour neighbourhood tutoring. and throughout her course, she would slam her head and shut her eyes, frustrated over it all. the junior classes too noisy, loud brats, then middle-school oblivion, and high-school melodramas, all added to the chief headache of fellow incompetent colleagues, and the disgusting business-minded principal mis-guides. she was never visibly happy, in fact only expressing working satisfaction over tea with well-dressed guests; being busy was good enough, that was all. as time would have it, indeed during an obscure phase in my career, i was offered the chance to address school children about subjects like poetry, children's classics, and the importance of extra-curricular activity. the logic was to get out there and have fun with kids. in filling out weekly reports (the only teacher-like privilege, apart from corridor salutations) i would scrawl out the two words 'good fun' for every class attended (those were words in the boss' brief). but even this institution i was with then is completely driven by what we disgustedly called bullheaded marketing cows, of the ubiquitous kind. the purpose was just to get to the children (:no appropriate message involved). and they would all remember, either ways, good teachers or bad, and they will all grow up to buy. even at home, everything is taken for granted as being unnecessarily painful, not worth more than a bah! earlier, i was forced to think this was what a mid-life crisis meant; soon, the definitions changed, as this life begain to seem unending; and now it is a lifetime of ageless crises. the toast burned too much, lights not switched off, expensive toned milk .. everybody from baby to grand daddy pissed off. mebbe in the days of open country joy, all of it was simple and natural, and so much less to think about that there was no worry (unidentifiable to us, at least); and the material world raised so many other emotions, the disgusted portions glowing purple. let us all be happy. and peaceful.

 I've been noticing that a lot of people don't enjoy what they claim to like. Let me explain. I've been across many book lovers who claim that lately, they just can't finish anything they start, can't relate to the stories or the characters or anything in most of the books they pick up. Music lovers suddenly claim everything suddenly sounds trvial and boring. One person I've come across just doesn't seem to enjoy anything anymore. He cribs about every book, song, movie or whatever he comes across. What is this all about? Is this certain proof that art is dead, human creativity has reached a point of total stagnation and mediocrity is all that remains? Maybe. Every era has either believed itself to be a golden age or an age of decay. Both assessments are usually exagerated. I think the more important reason is a lot simpler. It's not a simple case of overdoing it. You can read four books a week (or even a day) and still enjoy most of it. Too much of anything kills the thrill, but what really messes it up is your attitude. Yes, it's in the mind. The trouble begins when the mindset of 'I know what it's all about, it's all the same, show me something NEW' sets in. That is essentially a passive attitude, and it is basically flawed because all art is interactive at heart. It needs you to respond, to be willing to jump in. We are all only human beings. Every work of art we create basically plays wth the same humanly experienced spectrum of colours, sounds, emotions and so on. At some level, there are going to be commonalities between everything. The trick is to retain that sense of wonder, that willingnes to enter a new wolrd on its own terms, not yours. Imagining you know everything is only going to make you bored and boring. Everything is new. Nothing is new. It doesn't matter. Just wade in with as few preconceptions as you can, even if you think you've seen it all. At the end of that, if you've really tried to get into it, and it still doesn't, that's when it's reasonable to conclude that its a piece of crap, at least as far as you are concerned, and move on.

 What is music? Is it a set of rules and norms? Is it a primal expression of human being? Is music something that was made by white men prior to the 19th Century? Or is it something created by black Americans in the 20th century? Is it a set of scales and songs laid down by musician-saints centuries ago? Is it all, any, or some of these? Is music about composition or performance? Does music need musicians? Does music need composers? Does music need intruments? Do we need music? Is music only made by human beings? What about birdsong? What about the songs of the trees, the rivers, the sky and the wind? Are whale songs music or language? Is music a language? Is it an universal language or is it a lot of different languages and dialects? What about words and music? Is hip-hop music or is it poetry with a beat? Is devotional music as much music as the songs of Diecide? Is it music if you destroy your instruments at the end? Can music have a philosophy or an ideology? Is music timeless or is it trend-driven? Is music sacred or is it profane? Is the pulse of your heart music?

 I've been sliding into low-content mode again, I know. I could give a million reasons, but I'd rather not. I must start with a few more book and music reviewsand more substantial essays. I will work some up over the weekend, I promise. Yes, Deep Joy's essay on SF poetry has made me feel guilty.

 heard your word (is more am sure) lively learning (strive to die well) (to be) learned (is to) know better and listen i always will (i can) this mind so thirsty there's no fillin'er up. so i looked up science-fiction poetry. and amazed myself. liked so much of what i read, most of the rest of this post direct quotes. ULTIMATE SCIENCE FICTION POETRY GUIDE: History of Science Poetry Science Fiction Poetry has a prehistory from before the genre of Science Fiction was established. To understand this, we consider the history of natural history and science in poetry (from Ancient Greece through the early 20th Century, when Science Fiction and Fantasy became recognized as distinct genres) .. Poetry was at one time the language of philosophy, science, and all serious thought. Major treatments of Science expressed as Poetry included the works of (many) .. until Pythagoras identified music with mathematics (and) distinguished Poetry from Rhetoric, and poetry began to separate from science. .. Aristotle has begun the split between "high art" and mere science or science fiction in verse .. (he) goes on to comment: "Poetry demands either a great natural quickness of parts, or an enthusiasm allied to madness. By the first of these we mould ourselves with facility to the imitation of every form; by the other, transported out of ourselves, we become what we imagine" The enthusiasm allied to madness -- recalled by Shakespeare as "the lunatic, the lover, and the poet are of imagination all compact" -- leads to Coleridge's emphasis on imagination .. SCIENCE FICTION & FANTASY POETRY is paradoxically at the imaginative core of the genre, yet exiled to the extreme periphery of the professional market. This reflects 20th Century science fiction and fantasy prose, cinema, and television as having virtually displaced poetry as our culture's supreme repository of cosmic, outlandish, and transcendental ideas. In the 21st Century, hypertext, hypermedia, multimedia, virtual reality, and other technology may similarly displace science fiction and fantasy non-interactive visuals and prose .. Both Science Fiction and Fantasy Poetry reflect Coleridge's distinction between "Fancy" (the basis of most mainstream poetry) with the superior "imagination" in a unique sense of creation, vitality, organicity, and passion, similar to Tolkein's "subcreation." .. [then somebody says:] "The poets see the divine beauty of nature as enhanced, not lessened, by scientific explanation..." Here is the mundane bias starkly put: that while only Science Fiction reflects the reality of technological acceleration, it does not include the "better" literature. Science Fiction Poets aim to disprove this, as Huxley seems to urge in his final sentence: "let us advance together, men of letters and men of science, further and further into the ever-expanding regions of the unknown." .. It is commonly, but wrongly, thought that Science and Poetry are in opposition. .. Centuries in the future, Graves' fictional poet Vives writes: Charlatans came forward, Boldly adopting titles Of mathematical virtue. Square Root of Minus One Proclaimed himself a dictator And swelled a private grudge By arithmetical progression Into a mad crusade. Wordsworth contrasts the scientific and humanist spirit: Our meddling intellect Mis-shapes the beauteous forms of things:-- We murder to dissect. Enough of Science and Art; Close up those barren leaves; Come forth, and bring with you a heart That watches and receives. [why do i queer feel, so old is all of this?] {saving grace was then read, (even that) written well in time} Some special mention must be made of major authors who are far better known for their prose or their mainstream poetry, but who have produced science fiction and fantasy poetry of great merit. [this one verse most organic, and pure, redefines nothing, just lookin'other way, so much more there is to say, even more to discover, and learn, to be sure.] JOHN UPDIKE: "Ode to Rot" ... let rot proclaim its revolution: the microscopic hyphae sink the fangs of enzymes into the rosy peach and turn its blush a yielding brown, a mud of melting glucose: once staunch committees of chemicals now vote to join the invading union, the former monarch and constitution routed by the riot of rhizoids, the thalloid consensus....

 A urlLink 'Where Are They Now?' article about The Famous Five. Thanks, Ravi!

 Read Irving Crump's urlLink Og, Son of Fire stories, as first seen in Boy' Life magazine.

 Hey, that's what it says it is. They have a urlLink theme song, too. 'Yeah he's a Badwrong FalsePaul. He's not a Paul, he's just a Badwrong FalsePaul. I always knew he was a Badwrong FalsePaul... ' Yea, yea yea.

 Aha. Yesterday I got my salary and paid off a couple of outstanding debts. There are still a couple left, but what a relief. I also picked up a SHITLOAD of Sci-Fi novels AND Forrest J. Ackerman's World of Science fiction. Full joy. After all that I visited a couple of my old pubs. Had a brandy drink with honey and pepper in Styx and listened to some Judas Priest and exchanged glances with a pretty woman who was with some dog and like that. Followed by a couple of beers in Pecos to the accompaniment of Phish and some friends I hadn't met for quite a while and Elangovan (the manager) chiding me for not turning up more often and loud ugly women laughing entirely too loudly in the background. Some things never do change...

 Life is so wierd. But technology can save the day. At least a little. Today at work, I needed to have some hard copies a client had sent me typed into MS Word. For some odd reason the lady whose job it is to handle this sort of thing refused. Why doesn't she want to do her job? Where would I be if I took that kind of stand? Wierd. Luckily, we have this Character Recognition software in the office, so I had the documents scanned in and OCR'ed. However, the last two documents were rather bad xerox xopies and al the noise in the document had completely confused the software. So those two had to be typed in anyhow. Having handled the rest of the job on my own (with a little help from my friend, the God of Technology) I was able to pull a little senti blackmail and get the aforementioned lady to type these two in. I still can't figure why this had to take up so much of my time. I really do have more important stuff to do. Ah well...

 urlLink Awesome pinups of Wonder Woman, She-Hulk, Catwoman, Batgirl, Poison Ivy Harley Quinn and other comic-book hotties by Bruce Timm. Also check out the intricate, and very sexy work of urlLink Milo Manara . How sad can I get?

 Last month, I picked up a copy of Asylum Years, an anthology of songs by Tom Waits. For various reasons, I really haven't been able to listen to the CD - until last night. With my flatmate and his rock hardliner buddies out of the picture, I could play the album at the volume that any new piece of music deserves to be explored at. I really don't know too much about Tom Waits - my only previous experience has been a single song I heard at a friends place more than a year back. I don't even remember much about that song. In fact I have no rational idea at all why I shelled out a tidy 525 rupees for the CD. All I can say is, thank Zark for good instincts. The gravelly voice, the sardonic, poetic, tender, cruel lyrics, the smooth, sly jazzy background music - oh yes. I like it very good. I have a feeling Waits is going to be another trip for me like Nick Cave and Leonard Cohen. I suppose I should be writing about this in a more profound, critically perceptive way, but really, it's just some songs that I enjoyed listening to.

 I think it would be intensely worthwhile to live entirely alone. I must consider how I can make this possible. The main osbtacle being the reality of house rent. It's easier when there's someone to share it with...in every other way, though, it's better to be alone. Hmmm...

 Well, Penumbric just sent me an acknowledgement mail. They've recieved Homecoming, and the editor, Jeff Georgeson, says they will review it and get back to me within the next month. Ooh...here we go. Vertigo...

 Check out the urlLink Pulp Gallery of vintage magazine cover art!!!

 An interesting article on the many ways urlLink Lou Reed seems to be selling out . All I can say is 'they're his fuking songs, mate' and 'chill out, it's only rock n' roll.' But then, my views on popular music and it's actual political significance are rather cynical.

 Another odd exchange between Prem and me: Prem: i will elton u i say JP: john the gang JP: i will michael your george i say JP: and freddy your mercury Prem: hahahahaahah Prem: FULL TNT JP: heh Prem: i will water ur roger i say JP: hahahahahahahahaha JP: that sounded DAmn VULgar Prem: yeah fuck Prem: i will jagger ur micky Prem: hahahahahaha JP: oh shit Prem: fuck Prem: terrible stuff JP: heh we are officiallygonecases JP: what to do JP: we are past our sell-by date Prem: i will ram an apple in ur fiona... JP: hahahahahahaha Prem: fuck Prem: grosssss JP: i will tell pjs to your harvey Prem: hahahaahahah JP: i will ram nick intoyour cave JP: ya man Prem: hahahahahaha... Prem: i will cave in a nice whipping dick in ur nicky JP: ooo JP: dont get senti, ra Prem: i will growl inside ur davey Prem: hahaha... Prem: i will put a stale C**K in ur LANE JP: i will reznor your trent Prem: slight modifications like Prem: hahahahaha Prem: sounded sharp JP: hahahahaha What to do? We are gone cases...

 Well, for the first time ever, I've put up a response to a story I liked and gotten a response to my response from the writer. I love the Internet. (hugs terminal fondly. ceases upon noticing bemused looks on colleague's faces). The story in question is urlLink Douglas Lain's 'The '84 Regress' , published on the Infinite Matrix. That site allows you to post reponses, so I posted mine: 'I really enjoyed the story! I especially loved the bit about the teenage kid selling pills that can take you to the sort of future that SHOULD have happened (Art Deco cars...I want my Art Deco cars. Preferably with aerial capabilities!) I grew up in the 80s but I pretty much ignored them...still, a few nostalgic resonances were thrown up.' Well, I generally tend to spew my 2 annas worth all over the Net without really expecting a response. So I was quite thrilled to discover, a few weeks later, this response from Mr. Lain hisself: 'I'm glad you liked it. These days I'm nostalgic for the future most of the time. Art Deco cars will be arriving just as soon as Apple Computers start making cars.' I'm fairly certain its him, by the way. The associated e-mail ID is the same as the one on his own homepage. Not an earth-shattering exchange of correspondance, but it's kinda nice to be able to let someone know you liked their work, and also nice to know that they appreciate your opinion. Okay, I'm ending this before I use the word 'nice' again...oops, I just did...

 Music as the true psychedelic. An amusing conceit, Deep Joy. Although, considering the over-inflated egos most musicians in my experience tend to have, I shudder to imagine the heights of megalomania such a turn of events would inspire them to! I would like to suggest that, rather than music, it is the mind itself that is the ultimate trip. If one day all our reserves of drugs are over, we may turn to music, the arts, spiritualiy or even religion to fill that void. But ultimately, none of these inputs mean anything without the context of our human minds and brains. It is a fairly well known fact, I think, that the effects of any drug, even the stronger psychedelics, depend as much on 'set' and 'setting' as it does on the actual chemical interactions between the substance and the human organism. But this is getting too close to the whole debate we all recently had. Enough said. Regarding your views on SF, I would just like to assure you that the genre is a lot broader than you seem to assume. Good old-fashioned science-driven space opera may still hold the spotlight, but the genre is far wider than that. There is room in it for such luminaries as George Orwell, Aldous Huxley and Franz Kafka as well as the more obvious Asimovs and Clarkes. The hard-sf Stephen Baxters and Greg Bears are balanced out by the romantics like Ursula K LeGuin or Cordwainer Smith. All of them in turn are balanced out by sly, revolutionary potboilers like Ken MacLeod. And so on. Ultimately, SF is far more than extrapolations of scientific specuation - it is an attempt to envisage and understand the limitless range of possible worlds this universe contains. Fantasy adds to the fun by extending the range to totally impossible worlds. Horror makes it all seems a very dangerous place. Literature, ancient or modern, captures the same sense of wonder or terror without resorting to obvious stage-dressing in the form of interstellar space or some fantastic world. Mainstream fiction offers me none of this. Well that's enough preaching for now, I think. TIme for work...

 'Science Fiction' is yet to really fascinate me; I find myself biding time over the few such books on my shelf, and am probably content with the thought that they will never get old to read, even much, much later. The ideas and fantastic creations available in this genre do interest me, almost like new-age gloss-illustrated comic book magazines: fun to read, nothing more. I admit that most concepts and suppositions in these contexts are far beyond me; that they are works of fiction, envisioning the great beyond/exploring the frontiers of humanity (where even 'humanity' turns a subordinate term), does arouse admiration in my mind, but I do not find the sense of reality that (this is an absurd comment to make here, but the point is I find that) makes reading a true pleasure*. While my reading has so far been through only most popular works, I have assured myself that this lifetime is far too incomplete without such understanding; I continue to hoard books, and the intention to actually read them all, sometime. (*try poetry) Nonetheless, even lesser mortals are entitled to musing about the future, and this little thought makes me smile a lot: ever wondered about a stage in time when all the 'substance' in the world is spent? With humans constantly craving for the elusive perpetual high, 'clean flight', in turn exploring newer alternatives (all of which are actually old, getting continually revived) just for intoxication. There must arise a situation where people get back to the realisation that music provides the greatest 'kick' or 'high'. Then we could have little coin-booths on street corners, where 'junkys' can dial-up to listen to some select strain/song/chord, for the sake of sliding down helpless, sedated, in intolerable pleasure. Peddlers would have to pick up musical instruments to push their wares; solo artists can grow little underground gangs, the big bands takeover as 'drug' lords; music coursing through the veins in everybody. Wouldn't we all be so much happier then?

 Went back and pulled out this one paragraph from 'The Overcoat' by Nikolai Gogol. The book says Gogol died, quite mad, in 1852. It says he was called a realist, a romantic, and even a 'fantast'. For me, 'The Overcoat' read like a lesson on writing to illustrate truth. - It was, the truth must be told, most difficult for him in the beginning to get habituated to such limitations, but later it did turn into a matter of habit, somehow, and everything went well; he even became perfectly trained to going hungry of evenings; on the other hand, however, he had spiritual sustenance, always carrying about in his thoughts the eternal idea of the new overcoat. From this time forth it seemed as if his very existence had become somehow fuller, as though he had taken unto himself a wife, as though another person was always present with him, as though he were not alone but as if an amiable feminine helpmate had consented to traverse the path of life side by side with him - and this feminine helpmate was none other than this very same overcoat, with a thick quilting of cotton wool, with a strong lining that would never wear out. -

 I finished Wright's The Golden Age this week. It was as good as all the raving blurbs promised, for once. It's the sort of SF that's willing to be bigger than the genre itself, that's not ashamed to pack in references and devices that may seem to belong to a more 'highbrow' literary circle. The ideas are many, and immense. Where this book scored over Kingsbury's Psychohistorical Crisis, another recent SF read of immense scope, was in its greater cohesiveness in theme. The prose is elegant, sometimes beautiful, with just a touch of the classic to it. Classic, but not old-fashioned is the best I can describe it as. The pacing is good, the characterisation subtle and convincing. For instance, the character of Phaethon's wife seemed oddly incomplete to me at first - and sure enough, it was soon revealed that the lady was not Phaethon's wife at all but an imperfect copy. I'm genuinely looking forward to the sequel, The Phoenix Rising. I'm also plodding through one of Norman's Gor novels. It really isn't as sexually explicit as I'd feared, but neither is the raw pulp kick of the actual story as satisfying as I'd hoped. I just feel lukewarm about the whole thing. Another ongoing read is LE Modessit Jr's The Order War. Moddessit is probably one of the few really interesting and different fantasy authors I've read - his books, at least the Recluce sequence, are about the struggle between Chaos and Order rather than the usual war between Good and Evil. The solution his heroes seem to be inching towards is a state of balance rather than victory for either side. This alone places him head and shoulders above the simplistic moral struggles that most fantasy seems to focus on. Another interesting feature of the series is that the main protagonists seem to be as much scientists as they are sorcerers. There's as much engineering as there is magic in these books. Also, the machinations of the warring parties are more by way of subtle strategy and strong tactics rather than the endless intrigue and counter-intrigue you would find in a Robert Jordan. I need to express that last point a bit better, but I think I'll leave it as it is for now. Lastly, I'm reading Brian Well's book on Psychedelic Drugs. An account written by a British academic during the late 60s, it is the most balanced book on the topic I've read in while. Which is to say, Wells has no axe to grind either pro or con. Although, by and large, he is far more positive about the psychedelics than I tend to be. Which is also a good thing, I guess. I've also started out on Ken MacLeod's Dark Light. As of now, I'm in no position to make any sort of objective assessment - I'm just thrilled to be back in the hands of one of my favourite storytellers! Nearly a year back, MacLeod was the writer who re-awakened my love for SF. Anything I say about his books is going to be influenced by that fact, for a while to come. Try him out, if you haven't already done so and you'll see why.

 It's getting along reasonably well, I think. Yesterday, I manged to keep off most of the day. However, I copped a couple of drags off a friend at around 6.30 pm. I find it's a little hard to resist a smoke when I'm sitting around in a cafe - the whole setting has become a deeply ingrained context for lighting up. So that's something to keep in mind. Sunday I chickened out totally and bought a cigarette. Then I chucked it away after two drags. Through the day I've taken a couple of drags from friends' cigarettes - I need to be a little more careful about that. Physical effects seem insignificant as yet - no constipation or anything, but there is a mild feeling of acidity which may not be related. More than anything else, I'm beginning to realise how smoking had become a tool for spending and even allocating time, and also a way to partially distance myself from a lot of things - a smokescreen in every sense of the word. That will be the hardest to deal with. Still, I figure I should be able to kick this. After all, I've been able to drastically cut down both alcohol and sweet leaf. In fact, I think I've more or less stopped actively wanting to drink - instead, as and when friends decide to have a drink, I either join them or not. I've even said no to a spliff many times in the recent past. All this is just an attempt to re-assure myself that I can do this. Well, that's enough of that for now.

 Totally swamped today. I should be playing the bass guitar and writing stories, not herding cats. It's all wrong, all wrong. Anyway, I do have several interesting bits and pieces of stray thought to share with all three of you. I'm going to be in Hassan for the Independance weekend, meeting up with my mother, the two cats, the three kittens, Doc and of course chilling out in a herbal garden. During this period, I shall also find the time for a few long, lovingly detailed updates about these stray thoughts. Until then, take care and Zark you very much!

 To what extent is music really an enduring form that can transcend times and trends? Recordings of artists at the very edge of the modern era of sound technology often sound quaint and obscure to us - and not just because of the sound quality. I have come across people who ordinarily like blues music but have found it exceedingly hard to relate the sound they think of as 'the blues' to those old Albert Johnson recordings. So many of his songs are so familiar to us in souped-up citified modernised versions, it's hard for some to step back to the way the original performance sounded. Similarly, when the first Nativity In Black compilation was released, it had an opposite effect to what may have been intended, for many listeners. People who had never heard Sabbath before and picked up their albums after hearing this tribute, done by more modern, fast and heavy bands like Megadeth, Sepultura and the likes, often expressed a dissapointment with the originals - they were just too SLOW. And what about western classical music? Sure, we have musical scores, which are supposed to be an inalterable record of how the music is meant to sound. Yet, even the most rigid score leaves room for subtle or not-so-subtle shades of interpretation. Without even recordings of the sort of performance preferred by the original composers, how can we be sure our modern-day classical interpreters are in fact giving us the straight groove, the way those old cats in their odd jackets laid it down? Again, the music of just a decade back can already sound very dated and awkward, in every genre of popular music. What seemed like a slick new sound can very rapidly change into an awkward anachronsim, like all those '80 albums by '70s artists with their embarassing big-tom, studio-polished sound. Roger Waters' 'Radio KAOS' is a case in point. So if the way the same notes are played can differ, or if the way the same artist sounds can change so radically, what exactly is eternal or timeless about any of this?

 It's simple stuff working out well that gives me the greatest satisfaction. Today, we suddenly had to create a new section for a clients intranet, to go live tomorrow morning. As this is a closed network, there is no way to make sure our onsite team takes through the inputs which we send them correctly, short of actually going there ourselves. Which makes no sense. So I casually told one of my colleagues to ask the onsite chap to send us copies of the new pages once he finished. A few hours later they came in, and we were able to catch one serious mistake and a couple of more subtle errors. It was just a throwaway, spur of the moment idea but I feel inordinately proud of it because it made a real ass-saving difference and can actually be used again in the future. I'm so proud of me... On another note, I finally sent Prem some pictures and content for the site about my great-grandfather, S. Satyamurti that I've asked him to help me with. Even though he is currently up to his eye-teeth in work, he got back to me right away with a first-cut design that I found mind-bendingly beautiful. These brilliant little Prems...

 Really. It's by one Alexey Lipatov who has put the whole thing up for all to see, with one caveat: 'Please don't steal too hard. It upsets the artist. ' Bearing that mind, go ahead and read it urlLink HERE.

 Amateur demonologists, here it is: urlLink The Malleus Maleficarum or Witches Hammer, the book that guided the infamous Inquisitors.

 This is just sheer genius, that's all. I have this anthology of poems in translation called Poem Into Poem. The collection is based on the premise that translating a poem is, because of the unique way in which poetry manipulates langauge, virtually impossible. What a good translation achieves is the creation of a secondary poem that is more or less connected to the original and may or may not serve as a bridge to the original, since it can be a valid, independant work of art on its own. The anthology includes translations of poets from Sappho to Baudelaire by a variety of English-language poets. The poems in the collection amply justify the compilers thesis. What the Manic Street Preachers have achieved with their cover of Nirvana's 'Been A Son' is something very similar. The original song, a jagged lament about a wayward girl (yes I know there are enough of those already, but what the hell?) is an aggressive/droning punk inspired slab of typical 90s rock - the stuff the critics call grunge. You can hear it most easily on the Nirvana b-sides collection, Incesticide. The Manix approach to this song is totally unexpected. The overdriven guitar, the pounding bass and the kinetic drums are gone, replaced by an acoustic slide guitar and slight percussion. What seemed to be indelibly, unalterably grungy punk music has been transformed into a chilled out groove that sounds a lot like folk blues. This might seem like an absurd, unlikely reconstruction of the Nirvana original - in fact, it flows clean, clear and compelling out of the speakers as possibly the best tribute to Nirvana I've ever heard. By stripping away the musical trappings and recreating the song in an entirely new setting, the Manix have actually underlined one aspect of Kurt Cobain that people tend to overlook - he was a really good songwriter, all said and done and been and gone. You can hear the Manix version of 'Been A Son' on Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the Manic Street Preachers, the recently released collection of b-sides and rarities. For the sake of comparison, try and locate their cover of Nirvana's 'Pennyroyal Tea' as well - I once found it somewhere on the 'net but cannot recall exactly where right now.

 Good lord, Metalindia still has some article I wrote for them back in prehistory, up on their site... something about urlLink Black Sabbath.

 An article I wrote for the MetalIndia 'zine: About a decade back, there was this vision of what extreme metal could be. It would be tight, precise, intricate and immensely heavy. The visceral bludgeon of the music would be matched by uncompromisingly cerebral, thought-provoking lyrics. The vision included a hope that this sound could actually be created right here, in this country, in this city that they call Bangalore, by us, not somewhere else by someone else. Fate had other plans of course. Reality intervened – people had studies, people finished studies and got jobs, people shifted their musical leanings, people stopped playing altogether, and so on. But at least one of us never did give up on that dream. It might be dedication, or just fixation, but there’s no doubt that it is an inspired madness. For the last 4 years, KP Krishnamoorthy, guitarist, composer and situational vocalist has been fronting his on-again, off-again metal project Mindsnare with a single-minded intensity. Quite early on, he recognized that he had a set of fairly unique ideas about how the whole metal conundrum could be addressed, and that these ideas would not be easy to execute unless he put together an ensemble that was clearly created for this purpose. That’s when Mindsnare’s first incarnation was created. I was on board at the time, as a bassist and lyrical accomplice. We failed to find a suitable drummer, aborted the project and I moved on to other things. But not before KP put together the Mindsnare:1 mini-album, a self-produced CD with three original songs, including The Uncertainty Principle and one cover. KP played six and four string guitars, sang and programmed the drum parts on this recording. KP has come a long way since those three songs, but they contain, in embryo, everything that the Mindsnare sound is about. Complex, unusually structured songs that use riffage as an orchestral element rather than in the traditional sense of repeated motifs, a predilection for odd time-signatures and exotic scales, and lyrics that reflect a rather introspective take on life and everything that goes with it. A sound that is very distinct and very KP. I think the recording was done as a sort of ‘last will and testament’, at the time. But it has gained a following, over the years. At this point, fate intervened. The second part of the odd jigsaw that makes up Mindsnare fell into place. Yasmin Kazi, a refugee from the torment of rock n roll singing had decided to give it all up and instead take on the torment of rock n roll drumming. At this point, KP met her and oddly, enough they decided that she just may be the drummer he’d been looking for. Extreme metal was not an instinctual choice for Yasmin - although she’d heard a wide range of music, she’d usually identified herself more with the classic British metal end of the spectrum. But something about the project appealed to her - the unique mix of utter heaviness with the structural detail and math-rock forays normally associated with prog struck her as a challenge really worth taking up. It hasn’t been an easy transition, but over the years she has developed an approach to playing drums for Mindsnare that is heavy, laced with intriguing details at the right moments, and very Yasmin. The third part of this puzzle has been that elusive missing link for the longest time. The four-string duties on the songs recorded for the Headbangalore compilation CD were handled by Sam, who has since left to form his own band. The songs from this era were a little more focused than the early material, but not by very much. Next, old friend and co-conspirator from the fun, clueless kid-metal-band days, Visahan, stepped in as bassist/vocalist. The combination was perfect – personalities gelled, chemistry occurred. New songs were written - including Searching for the Maze and Mirror that reflected a growing confidence and coherence in the way they expressed the vision that has always guided the Mindsnare sound. Sadly, external realities intervened at this point and rendered Visahan unavailable for further musical journeys. This was when Mindsnare ground to a halt again. But once again, a series of happy coincidences converged and the band are back with a new bassist, Narayan. Again, this sort of extreme metal is not quite his mainstay. He plays for Mindsnare because he finds the basic musical concepts intriguing and challenging. And I would suggest that this is Midnsnare’s greatest strength - rather than being a clan of generic metalheads creating generic metal music, they are an assemblage of musicians from differing traditions who pool their sensibilities to create a unique new alloy of metal.

 i've been in bed for three weeks now, nursing a throbbing left leg. my only way of covering ground is by clomping about on lightweight aluminium-frame crutches. at times i can try and swing on them, keeping rhythm in my armpits, but this metal bar bolted inside my leg keeps pinching me for attention. got my chance to head outside of home once last week, with a doctor's appointment. and that proved to be a chance to ride the roads with a friendly rickshaw rider - an experience very rare in any city. he responded calmly to my pleas for a slow and steady ride, and immediately rode down to a cruise, with a faint fluttering hum that seemed to come from directly under my bum. these rear-engine versions are pretty comfortable i thought, and he began a conversation. to my un-celebratory chagrin, he mentions the bollywood star who has broken a leg too, and laughs bursting into a song - one of those with meaningful words, thankfully. so i peacefully got all the stitches and staples removed from my leg, and headed on for a night with the boys. strong painkillers don't work as good. a few days later, while i sat rueing over lost ground in time, gently rubbing the healing wounds, and generally deploring orthopaedic professionals, something sprouted unexpectedly. the tip of a nylon thread, well-knotted, and hard with dried blood. the violet-coloured little thing had arisen from under the hide on my knee, to even suggest colourful surgical implementation. while i sat bewildered and blankly bemused by it, frantic calls by my folks to the doc confirmed this was nothing to worry about, seriously. and i could double the painkillers if i want to. the string has been bathed and cleaned now, and the frayed fibres rub softly. once it was made clear that this was a mistake, the doc hastily confided in regular 'only human' talk. routine affair. run along. even we have a sense of irony.

 No, there's no cheesy pun involved here. It's just a nice little site made by a girl about her very cute cats, urlLink Beavis and Butthead. Awww....

 Whatever slight powers of allurement I posess kind of kicked in on the weekend, largely to my chagrin. The sad thing is, animal magnetism seems to swing both ways, even if the animal in question doesn't. On Saturday, I was loitering at a streetside book stall down MG Road when this short, wannabe-Bong-intellectual looking chap sidles up to me and says 'Excuse me...are you a model?' Cheese personified. I've heard that line used on girls so many times. Does the man think people actually fall for this stuff? Or maybe the IQ of the average homo is just that much lower. Anyway, I brusquely replied in the negative and made an exit, post-haste. Pity, because I'd been thumbing through a rather interesting volume on Dali. On Sunday, I was entering one of my standard coffee consuming and time wasting locations when a silver-haired, distinguished looking gent in a kurta pops up in front of me and asks 'Excuse me...are you from Bangalore?' I replied that I was and carried on up the stairs to the loo. As I took a turn in the steps, I glanced back for no real reason and noticed he was still looking at me. Putting this out of my mind, I entered the loo, chose a receptacle, unzipped and assumed the urinary stance when suddenly the gent sidles up into the stall next to mine. This was a bit creepy for me. I quickly shoved my bits back in, zipped up and skedaddled. Can't a lad even take a piss in peace these days? I ask you. Well all this gaydom had had a very negative effect on my morale. A sad and shattered man, I dragged my loathsome carcass down to a music store. Where I chanced upon a girl handing out leaflets about some free offer. She had the most lovely eyes I've seen in a while and a nice smile too. I didn't pay too much attention to her spiel, just gazed deep into her light brown eyes, hopefully giving her the full force of my dark brown eyes at the same time. After a few minutes she blinked and we disengaged. Later, while I was leaving the store, she just happened to waft across my field of vision, giving me a rather warm smile. As I left, I looked back to see she was looking back to see if I was looking back to see if she was looking at me... Life is just a slow train, crawling up a hill.

 The writing is going along fine. I just haven't had time to type in anymore. I HAVE to find a better name for it, by the way.

 No two people ever read the same book. The process of reading is far too complex for that. The mute symbols imprinted on blank paper are only a part of the intricate mechanism of written linguistic communication; the inert words can only spring to full-bodied life on the vibrant stage of a receptive mind. Even the best of writers can do no more than outline, suggest; the mind of the reader must translate those symbols into color and action, into drama and comedy and tragedy. Sometimes magic happens. Characters live and love and die, whole worlds leap to breathless life--all within the reader's mind. But since no two minds are the same, each performance must be different. We cannot even read the same book twice. The book is frozen--never changing--almost a ghost of its author. We, however, are mutable creatures of flesh. However short the interim, we have continued our, perhaps unnoticed, mental evolution. -Patrick H Adkins

 " Life would be much simpler if there were not so many rules. I imagine I have broken every rule of English grammar several thousand times and being at heart a purist, I should be desolated if I was aware of it, but as I do not know a single one of these rules, I am saved much mental anguish. " " When I first started in to write, I was sort of ashamed of it as an occupation for a big, strong, healthy man, so I kept it a secret. No one helped me. No one knew what I was doing -- not even my closest friends. Now I've come to the conclusion that writing is a 'pretty nice' way to make a living. " " There is a vast difference between seeing life and living life. I believe I have done the latter. In fact I don't think I could have written much if I hadn't. (ERB had served in the US Cavalry in Arizona, been a gold miner in Oregon, a policeman in Salt Lake City, a cowboy in Idaho...) [But]...It is necessary for nearly all of us to acquire part of our 'experience' second hand. Yet this should never be permitted to overshadow the greater art of imagination. " " Get the habit of work and quit being an "inspirational" author -- which is merely another name for a loafer. Don't wait for ideas to come. Go after them. Don't write every now and then. Write every day, if only for a little while. Be a worker, not a poseur. The only real "literary people" are those who work at it. Those who make good are the ones who keep so busy that they have no time to show off. " " (Tarzan) was just a character that happened to catch the public's fancy; interest in him grew until it astonished me. As a boy I love the story of Romulus and Remus, who founded Rome, and I love, too, the boy Mowgli in Kipling's "Jungle Books." I suppose Tarzan was the result of those early loves. Perhaps the fact that I lived in Chicago and yet hated cities and crowds of people made me sense, my escape from unpleasant reality. Perhaps that is the reason for his success with modern readers. Maybe he takes them, too, away from humdrum reality. Mrs. Burroughs calls me a low-brow. I guess I am, but then so are the most of us, aren't we? Perhaps that is another reason why Tarzan appeals to the mass of people rather than to a select few. " " I find that a considerable part of my work in writing fiction has nothing whatsoever to do with fiction. It is based upon the belief that highly imaginative fiction, such as I write, demands the retention of a youthful and elastic mind, to achieve which one of my principal aims in life is to keep my body physically fit and my mind responsive to a diversity of simple stimuli. " " If you've written a good story, don't lose faith in it if it does not sell -- but first be positive that it really is a good story.... Even now, I often have a difficult time finding publishers for my latest books. I get lots of rejections. " " For me, temperance is essential to good work. Simple amusements are the most desirable, and so far I have successfully avoided the acquisition of any sort of a hobby. My own observation leads me to believe that a single hobby is too narrowing an influence for a fiction writer and I should rather suggest the greater value of an interest in many things. I find that it is better to have a little knowledge of many things than an expert knowledge of one... " " If you write one story, it may be bad; if you write a hundred, you have the odds in your favor. Play the long shots. It's better, of course, to write one good script than a hundred poor ones, but usually you must write a hundred poor ones before you can do one good one. "

 Well, I got the first installment of the Prophecykeeper's e-course. Not touch yet, unless this qualifies: 'EARTH MOTHER CRYING: Encyclopedia of Native People's Prophecies of Terror Preceding an Age of Universal Peace - $14.99 download'. Still, it's not like they require you to download this. The first part of the 'lesson' itself deals with a series of myths among native Americans, from North and South America,about a character collectively known as the 'True White Brother'. These myths very clearly reflect a familiar culprit, Jesus the carpenter's son. I need to figure out the chronology of this - but it does seem to me that these stories sound like the sort of thing that would be spread by Christian misionaries, as filtered through generations of re-telling, if they are not outright fabulations. The source used for all this is L. Taylor Hansen's 'He Walked The Americas' which you can read online here:http://blueotter.addr.com/he-walked-the-americas/index.htm Now the thing is, the only L Taylor Hansen I've been able to locate who might be a likely perp, is Louise Tayler Hansen, an early writer of SF and sci-fact for Amazing and other Golden Age pulps. SF writers, when they write fact, tend to fall into two broad categories: Asimovian expounders of hard fact, and Hubbardish mad prophets. I wonder which kind Louise was? I'll have to read her entire book, and then find some way to learn more about native American folklore, before I can say anything. This is getting to be fun... One site claims that L. Taylor Hansen was/is an archaeologist and 'emminent diffusionist researcher' but if so, he/she seems to have left no traces apaprt from this book. Her bio (if it is the same person, the bibliography appended does not include this book) on the isfdb makes no mention of this, but it is rather sketchy.

 My RealOne Player informs me that the Smashing Pumpkins belong to the genre 'Noise Pop'. Aha. So there must be 'Sanskrit Rock' somewhere in there...

 whoa. I would like to emphasise that, appearances notwithstanding, I actually did LOTS of work today!!! And I can prove it, if need be.

 All right. Oral sex tips for women, by a woman!!! From one of them 'girltalk' sites. Here goes: Tips for you doing it to him: Act like you want to be there. A woman who's performing simply because she has to is the number-one passion killer. OK, but not all of us are so picky, as long as you're performing. Don't bite (unless he asks for it). Keep your teeth covered at all times with your lips. Ouchies! Pay attention, girls! Don't be too rough. Yanking back the foreskin, sucking too hard, pumping up and down like you're trying to draw water from a dry well ... it ain't nice! Looks cool in porn flicks, though. Educate yourself. Ask your boyfriend what he likes, your girlfriends what work for them and pay attention to sex scenes in books and movies. The more you find out and read up about, the better. Lots of benefits here. Women who actually WANT to know what I want would be quite a plus, and if they start amassing their own porn collections in the spirit of knowledge, all the better. Don't act as if semen is poison. You don't have to swallow, but you don't need to run out of the room either. Don't leave him in the lurch -- switch to using your hand or let him leave a little mess elsewhere on your body. I feel a little embarassed at this point. Wonder why? This was followed by 'tips on him doing it to you' and a little essay on why men dig oral sex so much. Maybe I'll review those some other time.

 urlLink Prophecykeepers is 'The ONLY Indian / Tribal / Aboriginal / Island Native Prophecy website owned and operated by legally recognized Native American Indians, founded in 1996'. The vision of one Wallace "Mad Bear" Anderson, Founder of something called the American Indian Unity Movement , it offers comparisons of prophecies from a variety of cultures/religions/countries and offers you 'prophecy messages that will run through your heart like a Buffalo'. Basically, they believe that 'It is a metter (sic) of history that all the problems of Christians, Jews and Muslims started in one small family, the household of Abraham, several thousand years ago'. And that there are 'simple solutions and answers for you'. They run through a bit of William yeats, and then say that these answers can be found in Hopi and Christian sacred texts. 9/11, Mother Teresa, Utopia (but not for tax-dodgers) The benefit of accepting their vision? 'You will learn of the ingredients that are missing in a "Tribal/All things common" way of life which assure you divine protection -- even from Nuclear explosions. ' Hmmm. And they say that 9/11 (yes, I was waiting for them to bring that up), which by the way, was predicted by Mother Teresa on her deathbed, was only the first act of terrorism against the US. More will come. Despite its apparently inclusive aims, the site rapidly shows a distinct bias: 'If you are a Christian, you must expect tribulation. The scriptures say of God that “He Chastens Whom He Loves.” Jesus said, "I did not come to bring peace, but a sword.". So we see now that He came to cause the divisions we see today in order to test us all thoroughly. ' Oh, they have a Utopian model of the perfect society, too, called "All Things Common". 'In this sacred economic plan, you will be no richer than your neighbors. In antiquity, this plan has been used to amass great fortunes and security for its participants.' Rest assured, though, '"All things common" is not a plan for income tax rebels. Christ instructed all his followers to render unto Caesar what is Caesar's, but allowed you to find coins in the mouths of fishes to pay your taxes.' Oh right, they are 'legally recognised Native American Indians', I forgot. They have several free pdfs for you to download to learn more, if you so desire and free e-courses too. I haven't been able to find an appeal for funds anywhere though - maybe the touch happens only once you actually get in with them? I think I'll register for one of those e-courses and see. Small SF connection, and a multitude of Gayles: 'Mad Bear also prophesied the eventual flooding of the Salt Lake Valley on his way to the "Gathering of Nations" in South Jordan, Utah back in the early 1970s. This prophecy was corroborated by a vision given to Rolling Thunder, and, some years later by a Mormon woman in "Gayle's Story," (and reportedly by hundreds of other people) and awaits fulfillment. The famous sci-fi writer Orson Scott Card even suggested this eventual flooding in his book "The Folk of the Fringe." ' It's not that coincidental, though. I do know that Card is himself a Mormon, and could have had access to 'Gayle's Story', whatever that may be. I've not been able to find it anywhere, though I have found stories by 'Gayles' who have given up smoking, whose daughters were brutally murdered in 1980 and who had two abortions and are not sorry about it. Hmmm... To be continued...

 urlLink Strange. Oh, it's the 'net variety, by the way, not the Shrek type.

 Still in the scene-setting stages. At least, this is all I've typed in yet. The scribbles have progressed far beyond. I hope to finish the whole thing over the weekend. In the meantime, here's another taste: ----------------------------------------------------------------------- In his deepest soliloquies of self doubt, President Lee had to admit to himself this was indeed what his annoying, unstoppably gnawing adversary made him feel like - a huge, annoyed tusker swatting futilely at the most minuscule of gadflies. No matter what he did, the enemy always regrouped, rebuilt, resurrected and came back at him from the most unexpected direction. It was a worldwide game of cat and mouse and he was heartily sick of it all, heartsick of all this tomfooling around. 'What do I do?' he asked no one in particular, on a warm afternoon in one of his many Presidential Palaces, gazing down at gazing down at an ancient river, cradle of civilizations bygone. 'What can I do? How do I place my Godlike thumb' - here holding his right thumb out in front of him, 'on the exact spot' - suiting action to word, he pressed the pad of his thumb onto a sensor imbedded in the gleaming, ebon balcony rail - 'the exact spot, and exert exactly the right pressure,' - here rubbing his thumb into the sensor like an ancient convict providing his jailors with a fingerprint impression - 'to crush this nuisance forever?' By the end of this speech, his voice had taken on a petulant tone and his lower lip was outcast sulkily. Simultaneously, his thumb signal was processed by the Palatial Mind and his pet AI and most trusted advisor, the Phantom MacAevel materialized by his side, not a projection but a subtle re-arrangement of atmospheric molecules to reflect light in a manner calibrated to provide the verisimilitude of a somber, earnest courtier and scholar from long-ago Fiorenza. MacAevel made his customary formal obeisance then spoke to the President in a mellow, modulated voice, generated by a Databank miles below the Palace and relayed to multi-directional surround speakers hidden in the decorative moulding that encrusted the surfaces around them. Beauty with a purpose, indeed. 'And how may I serve you on this dream-warm afternoon, most venerable Prince?' the Phantom asked. ----------------------------------------------------------------- To Be continued....

 Well, I'd read, a long time back, that the Icelandic Poetic Edda were a major source-work for Tolkien. Knowing something academically and seeing for yourself are two totally different things, however. A discussion on an SF Forum I sometimes inhabit inspired me to finally go take a look for myself. None of this is original at all, but I'm just tripping on finding things out for myself, humour me. The Voluspo, or The Wise Woman's Prophecy is the most famous of all the Poetic Edda. In it. Othin/Odin calls on an ancient wise woman to prophesise the future for him. First, she tells him an account of various existing events to prove her wisdom. Having done this, Othin rewards her and she proceeds withthe actual prophecy, which ends on a rather Christian note, probably a later interpolation. The passage in question is: 65. There comes on high, | all power to hold, A mighty lord, | all lands he rules. Which, in some versions, includes the lines: "Rule he orders, | and rights he fixes, Laws he ordains | that ever shall live." These lines are of doubtful origin, but suggest a subliminal mesage about the unstoppable progress of Christianity. Many old texts, like Beowulf, have such passages, usually bunged in by mediaevel monks who were probably torn between wanting to preserve old tales which were part of their cultural heritage, and making them synch with the religion they now followed. Getting back to Tolkien, the earlier part of the poem deals, among other things, with the origin of the dwarves and at this point includes a catalogue of dwarven names, supposedly also a later interpolation, which goes like this: 9. Then sought the gods | their assembly-seats, The holy ones, | and council held, To find who should raise | the race of dwarfs Out of Brimir's blood | and the legs of Blain. 10. There was Motsognir | the mightiest made Of all the dwarfs, | and Durin next; Many a likeness | of men they made, The dwarfs in the earth, | as Durin said. 11. Nyi and Nithi, | Northri and Suthri, Austri and Vestri, | Althjof, Dvalin, Nar and Nain, | Niping, Dain, Bifur, Bofur, | Bombur, Nori, An and Onar, | Ai, Mjothvitnir. 12. Vigg and Gandalf) | Vindalf, Thrain, Thekk and Thorin, | Thror, Vit and Lit, Nyr and Nyrath,-- | now have I told-- Regin and Rathsvith-- | the list aright. 13. Fili, Kili, | Fundin, Nali, Heptifili, | Hannar, Sviur, Frar, Hornbori, | FrÃ¦g and Loni, Aurvang, Jari, | Eikinskjaldi. 14. The race of the dwarfs | in Dvalin's throng Down to Lofar | the list must I tell; The rocks they left, | and through wet lands They sought a home | in the fields of sand. 15. There were Draupnir | and Dolgthrasir, Hor, Haugspori, | Hlevang, Gloin, Dori, Ori, | Duf, Andvari, Skirfir, Virfir, | Skafith, Ai. 16. Alf and Yngvi, | Eikinskjaldi, Fjalar and Frosti, | Fith and Ginnar; So for all time | shall the tale be known, The list of all | the forbears of Lofar. Lots of old friends there! Interestingly, the name Gandalf is also taken from here, and means 'Magic-Elf' in the original. So now I know. I believe the Edda also include references to the Path of the Dead - I'll look out for these next. PS: try reading those lists of names aloud. Roll them over your tongue, savour each syllable. It's an amazing experience. Don't do it in public, though!

 I've always enjoyed many of Ray Bradbury's numerous short stories (particularly the ones collected on The Illustrated Man and The October Country), but I've never quite been comfortable with the SF tag that has been attached to him. Seems I'm not the only one. Bradbury tells all, and more (including his own shocking Luddism and how he gets material for his stories) urlLink here.

 They want to build a urlLink Space Lift . They say this can be achieved within the next 15 years...I could be wrong, but it seems workable to me. Check it out!!!

 A rather interesting thought from an article by Fred Bush, on Strange Horizons: 'I wonder if the dotcom frenzy of the '90s robbed science fiction of some good narratives; people who had a dynamite idea for a new electronic product fled to Silicon Valley and got start-up capital rather than writing some stories about what they'd come up with -- imagine if the cyberpunk authors had gotten startup money to produce some of the things in their novels!' You can read the article in it's entirety (basically it deals with the possibility of using e-bay as a model for interstellar trade in SF) on urlLink Strange Horizons. You can find it in the 'Articles' section, natch.

 Another work-in-progress. Remember, you saw it here first!!! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Henry T. Lee was a troubled man. As Commander In Chief and President In Perpetuity of The Greater Americana, he was, really and truly, what old Alek Sikander, Iolious Kaisar, Charly Maimed, Donald Duck-Egan and Zhiuko Phat before him had only aspired to be - he was The Most Powerful Man In The World. And what a world! A terraformed, cleaned up, sorted out, rationalized, tamed, optimized, New And Improved Gaia. Dolphins frolicked in the gracious canals, gengineered 'dactlys soared in the skies, lumbering mammoths paced the majestic highways and the broad avenues, all in service of Humanity Triumphant. Clean, non-polluting Aircars and Hoverbikes provided speedier transport when it was needed. A happy, prosperous and privileged populace disported itself with dignified gaiety, secure in the knowledge that their once-in-a-lifetime three-year Indentures in the sparklng, sleek Manufactories safely tucked away in Earth Orbit and on Mars (Luna was reserved as a resort for honeymooners and lovers, a sort of Cythera-in-the-Sky) were enough to ensure that the wheels of production kept turning. For those who were more ambitious, or driven, secure niches in Administration, Research or Entertainment could be had for the asking. But there was one thorn in President Lee’s side, one single serpent - mole, rather - in his Eden. One glitch in his otherwise elegant, unblemished worldcode. One flashpoint of dangerous dissent, arrogant errantry and contemptible contrarianism. He had launched a hundred - no, a thousand - schemes to wipe this irritation off the face of his domain. Sneak attacks, infiltration, siege, even one ill-advised attempt at head-on confrontation that it had taken his crack Goeringspin Docs an entire decade to completely hush up. The problem was largely one of scale. His own vantage point was so lofty, his machinery so monumental, that that old bugbear of empiricism, or indeed imperialism, The Uncertainty Principle, came into play. Or, to use an archaic conceit that it often amused President Lee to employ, it is easy enough to swat a fly if you are a little monkey - harder for a Homo Sap - virtually impossible for a ponderous old pachyderm. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- To be continued...

 urlLink This is hilarious. Apparently a perfectly sincere attempt to warn youngsters about the evils of the green stuff. I somehow doubt it would have any such effect, but who knows...

 I have no idea whose words these are, I found them here urlLink at The Believer mag's Idea Share (itself a rather interesting concept to investigate). I think they are very interesting (I would): The field of alternative history has been created out of 'what if' questions('What if the South had won the Civil War?' etc.) This practice should expand to other fields. Alternative Biology: 'What if two intelligent species had developed at the same time?' Alternative Sociology: 'What if the majority of people were born blind, and seeing was rare?' Sort of an academic sanctioning of science fiction

 Phone calls. Phone calls. Phone calls. I have to remember to make those Zarking phone calls.

 Oh cool. Check this out: urlLink Mc Sweeney's Small Business Solutions.

 The Junk Virus William Burroughs, addiction and freedom William S. Burroughs’ literary career began with the novel Junky, an autobiographical account of his experiences as a drug addict. Arguably one of the finest literary chronicles of the drug (specifically Heroin) sub-culture, it can be read as a picaresque narrative in the De Quincey tradition. However, certain statements hint at a deeper understanding. Burroughs’ fascination with narcotic drugs extended far beyond his period of active addiction and a clue as to why can be found in this oft-quoted passage from Junky - 'Junk is the ideal product . . . the ultimate merchandise. No sales talk necessary. The client will crawl through a sewer and beg to buy. . . . The junk merchant does not sell his product to the consumer, he sells the consumer to the product. He does not improve and simplify his merchandise. He degrades and simplifies his client.’ (Interestingly, one of the various places this quotation has surfaced is in the inlay card of the Manic Street Preachers’ debut album, Generation Terrorists.) Some critics question Burroughs’ merit, describing Junky and his subsequent works as disjointed ramblings that portray a narcotic-fuelled, homoerotic utopia of hedonistic license. In fact, Burroughs’ overriding concern, and the subject matter of the bulk of his work, was freedom. Not just freedom in the limited ways various reactionaries have defined it - freedom of sexual preference, freedom to pursue alternate lifestyles, or even freedom of expression. Burroughs was aware of and passionately committed to the need for all these, but it was a far larger unshackling he proposed – a liberation from all authority, all limitations. He envisioned humanity breaking away from the tethers and reins imposed by government and society, but also from the limits and controls that derive from language, logic, belief, gravity, time, space, the human body itself. Someone who is so concerned with freedom must, in accordance with the dictum which states ‘know your enemy’, also concern himself with fathoming freedom’s opposite: control. And what is addiction, after all, but a form of control, an abdication of the individual’s freedom to what Burroughs called, in a later novel, Naked Lunch, ‘the Algebra of need’? "Addicts are as boring a bunch of people as I ever encountered. They've got this one track mind," Burroughs once said. However, "My experience as an addict was very useful to me as writer: the whole syndrome of addiction and withdrawal and the extensions of that and other forms of addiction." Burroughs’ experiences as an addict lead to the realization that all human beings are slaves to some form of addiction, subject to some variety of control. Even the body is a trap, leveraged by control maniacs who use its needs to manipulate people into abetting their lust for power. Power itself is a driving addiction, ultimately dehumanizing in all its forms. Burroughs saw around him a society dominated by predator-victim relationships that could be described in terms of ‘pushers’ and ‘junkies’. To see what this means, let’s find out how it would apply to, say, the music industry. Go back to the passage from Junky quoted earlier; replace ‘junk’ with ‘pop’ and appropriate variations throughout. It might require a bit of a mental stretch at first, but presently, it all falls into place. Of course there are apparent gaps; the commercial music industry thrives on promotion, on the hype machine. Another form of control, another addiction. The record company execs are as much slaves to their need for the big sales, and the stratagems they have to employ to achieve that fiscal fix, as the pop fans are addicts to the vapid bubblegum being forced into their helpless heads. "The face of evil' is always the face of total need. . . . In the words of total need: 'Wouldn't you?' Yes you would. You would lie, cheat, inform on your friends, steal, do anything to satisfy total need. Because you would be in a state of total sickness, total possession, and not in a position to act in any other way" says Burroughs, elsewhere in Naked Lunch. The myriad institutions built on this cannibalistic principle are also viruses, addictions that overwhelm a healthy social body and coerce it into fulfilling the needs of a vampiric, leeching parasite. It was this realization of the innumerable factors that rein and tether us, whether external or self-inflicted, that drove Burroughs to push for greater freedom by deconstructing and reconstructing every aspect of the great world prison that he could. From a hard-boiled reporter of the seamy side of life he moved on to become an abstract, representational, free flowing, formalist spewer of counter-virus. From a mere writer, a teller of tales, he became a mythologizer for a new world, a shooter of wood, a creator of collage, a rock n’ roll instigator, a cinematic collaborator, an endlessly referential utterly original cutter and paster. Like no one else, William Burroughs cross-fertilized with every form of expression he came into contact with. He was so much more than just a Master Junky, a Guru of Heroin Chic, a Queer Homer or even a Beat Writer. He was a true champion of freedom, inviting us to see the bars of the prison for the first time, and make a break for ultimate liberation. Ironically, Burroughs never did fully recover from his addiction, and, when he died in 1997, he was still dependant on the synthetic opiate, methadone, a substance used in heroin de-addiction treatments. And yes, he did shoot his wife Joan Vollmer dead, in a badly misconceived William Tell-style stunt. I’m not trying to canonize the man, just underline his contribution to modern thought.

 I nearly forgot to mention, the August issue of that glossy mag is out, and it includes my Burroughs article!I'm currently working on a Radiohead article for their September ish. Anyway, now I shall post the entire Burroughs article up here secure in the knowledge I let the actual mag have first bash at publishing it...

 I've just finished reading Ken MacLeod's Dark Light, the second book in his 'Engines of Light' sequence. Once again, I'm amazed at how MacLeod manages to combine hard-sf, gadget-spec and Stapledonian sweep with a savvy, potboiling pace, incredible amounts of sheer wise-ass humour and a rather loaded political agenda to boot. The Engines sequence takes several X-Files style modern-mythology elements as its starting point - specifically, alien abductions, Area 51 and alien Grays. Here's the capsule version - composite entities, consisting of untold billions of immensely tiny consciousness, packed into the space of an asteroid, have become as gods by virtue of the sheer number of intellects they include in their collective consciousness. These 'gods' have rescued specimens of various intelligent species that have developed on Earth - squidlike Krakens, humanoid Saurs (the alien Grays) and good old homo sap. These abductees, filched from the home world at various points, have been used to populate a zone halfway across the Milky Way, known as the Second Sphere. The only way Earth life ever got there was by being abducted by the gods, and later by Saurs (possibly acting as their agents). Until, sometime in the 21st century, a group of renegade scientists and others, the crew of an orbital science center are given the secret to FTL travel. They jump though space, expecting to make it to the other end of the solar system and escape political enemies from Earth. Instead, they find themselves in the Second Sphere. Somehow, they loose the concept of FTL travel. On one planet, Mingulay, Gregor Cairns, descendant of a cosmonaut, figures out the calculations required to make FTL travel possible, locates his ancestor, Matt Cairns who helps him put his ideas into action, jumping to the nearby planet of Croatan. In Dark Light, various machinations culminate in the Cairns' and assorted allies and enemies interrogating two more 'gods' and finding out more about why the Second Sphere exists. It turns out that the 'gods', or one faction among them, is mainly concerned with preventing intelligent life from reaching a state of nuisance value. To deal with this, they have set up reserves of life in the Second Sphere to battle any civilizations that seem to be getting annoying. This revelation coincides with extreme upheaval (a revolution on Croatan, in fact, started by another cosmonaut, one of the last living members of the old Communist Party!) and will no doubt spark off even more of the same. That of course is left for the third volume, Engine City to tell. Once again, the book is packed with sly little jokes and references, from the chapter titles (The Gods Ourselves, Vaster Than Intellects And More Cool) to some incredibly clever MacLeod moments. Two in particular stand out - in one, the civilized 'Christians' are trying to see if the heathens can, using certain hot-air balloon technology they have, make space suits for them. Aware that they are dealing with relative savages, they explain what they need in simple terms. The heathens recall that, long ago, they built such garments for another species - one heathen asks the other what these garments would be called in the Christian language. 'Space Suits.' comes the reply 'Yes', says the other.'Would that be close enough to what you want?' The other one depicts the Saur, Salasso reading some old alien-abduction paranoia book from the bad old 20th century, possibly Whitley Strieber's Communion from the description. The similarity between the alien Grey and Salasso makes it seems as if the Saur is reading a book with a picture of himself on the cover. There is something deeply amusing and compelling about the image. The book also raises a lot of serious philosophical, political and even theological questions, and has its share of kickass action (mostly of the street-fighting variety with an icing of aerial combat) and oddly un-kinky sex between Stone the man-woman (Ken MacLeod's most compelling character yet) and Gail the honorary woman-man. This book scored very well with me. MacLeod is one author who is able to amuse, bemuse, bewilder, and enlighten, all in one tasty package. Gnostic potboilers, Jeremy Smith calls 'em and that is as good a description as any. Go get them, pronto!

 Alessandro Moreschi was the last castrato. The castrati were singers who were castrated as young boys to preserve their high-pitched singing voices. This was done because tradition forbid the inclusion of women in religious choirs. By the end of the 19th century, this tradition was banned as barbaric. But not before Moreschi's were chopped off. Ouch. Another sad victim of history, Moreschi was known as 'the angel of Rome' in his time. Of particular interest is the fact that Moreschi survived into the early 20th century, into the dawn if the era of sound capture technology, and was the subject of an early recording, made in 1904. I found a few clips from the album, commonly marketed under the title 'The Last Castrato'. and checked out Moreschi's rendiiton of Gounod's 'Ave Maria'. Being a song that was written only about a century and a half back, and one that I've heard many versions of (including one by Chris Cornell, back in the Napster days) I expected that this would be a fairly familiar starting point. I couldn't have been more wrong. Moreschi's voice soars and swoops like a raw primal scream, to use Nicholas Cook's phrase, a scream modulated acoording to a melodic sensibility that is as alien to the modern performances of this song as, for example, Jazz scatting or Carantic konnakal vocals are to the Western classical vocal traditional itself. The closest comparison, in my experience, is to Janis Joplin's often painfully emotion-charged voice. This brings me back to my earlier question of what it is in music, then, that we consider enduring. Perhaps it isn't music itself but our own attitudes to and engagement with the art that are the enduring factor. Something like how ideals of beauty may vary over the years, but the quest for beauty as a value is constant, however each era and each individual may define it. One last thought: Mozart makes Dream Theater sound like Limp Bizkit.

 Getting to Hassan was quite an ordeal. I reached the bus stand by 6.30. There already was a Hassan bus there, but it was packed. And so was the next one I found. Once they'd both left, another Hassan bus was spotted pulling in to the platform. As one, the whole crowd around me ran to the bus, hurlisng themselves into it even as it pulled in to its parking spot. It was a total stampede with no respect for age, sex or basic humanity. DIsgusted, I viciously shouldered my was out of the melee, purposely knocking a couple of the 'people' off their balance. No one bothered to react. Once th erush was over and th ebus was stopped, I climbed in to see if there was a vacant seat, by any chance. There were, but the people on the adjoining seats claimed they were saving them for someone. Fed up, I stalked to the front of the bus, next to the driver's place, looked around at everyone and spat on the floor, muttering 'bastards'. Lots of people saw me, no one cared. Why should they? They'd got what they wanted, and it wasn't as if they had any self-respect to be hurt. Finally, by 7.30 I found a bus with only standing room, and took it out of desperation. Once inside, I found myself pressed on all sides by other standers who seemed to consider it their divine duty to take up as much space as possible. At the end of my tether, i made a fist, gritted my teeth and threw a random punch. It made contact with one man's eye. Here's the odd part - he felt the pain, he spent a few minutes wincing and rubbing his eyes, but he didn't bother looking around to see how it had happened. These 'people' seem to exist in some sort of state of terminal apathy. I'm sure it would make no difference to anyone, least of all them, if someone were to kill one of them. This must be how serial killers are made - not as a result of trauma or pain or anything, but just by realising how cheaply people at large hold their lives and those around them. It's so easy to just end a few - wouldn't you? Enough of that.

 woo hoo. I'm back. I feel immensely rested, and more or less ready to take life on once again. Well, about as ready as you can be, what with the way life is and all. The cats are fine, my mother is doing fine, the herbal garden is green and beautiful. I've caught upon a lot of reading, some music (back on Mozart after decades!!!) and some movies on TV (including The Brave and SIlence of the Lambs). Back at work now. More later.

 ...and check out my spifflificent new Random Surreal Generator!!!!

 A contentious question. My own take is that imagination is boundless, and if writer wants to explore things that could well have happened in the 'real' world in an imaginart setting - why ever not??? Any other attitude reduces SF to mere gadget spec and sci-trapolation. Not thatthese aren't worthwhle concerns that have been the hinge for many a great story, but that surely isn't ALL that SF is about, in my opinion. Writer urlLink Matthew Cheney has a fascinating essay on this topic on his blog. It's called urlLink The Geography of Imagination: Speculative Fiction as Setting . Check it out!!!

 Something I posted on a thread at the Hypnos Boards: Dissonance is one of my favourite musical flavours. Mark Hanson, a professional musician and instructor who used to write for Guitarnation, defines it like this: 'Let me explain dissonance. Dissonance can be described as notes whose frequencies are less than "harmonious" to our ears. For instance, playing notes that are one half-step apart (open first-string E played with the fourth fret of the second string, a D#) is considered dissonant by most people. Playing notes that are a major seventh interval apart, 11 frets, is also considered to be quite dissonant; for instance, play the open second string (B) together with the 6th fret of the first string (A#). However, dissonance is a requisite part of most music that we hear, providing it with "tension" that leads to "release." Without it, we end up with music that tends to command little attention.' From a slightly different perspective, here is how a typical definition of dissonance in the Western art music (or classical) stream would go: 'Harmony that brings about a concordant or agreeable combination of notes is termed consonant. When chords do not fit into an accepted pattern of harmony, they are said to be dissonant or unstable. Dissonance is often used to create moments of suspense that later resolve into more pleasing tones of consonance. Dissonance is sometimes not considered harmony by some teachers of music, although most pedagogy classifies harmony as dissonant or consonant. ' I think those oh-so-simple three notes that form the backbone of Black Sabbath's eponymous epic are among the best examples of dissonance being harnessed to make a tune memorable - you have a low G being played, then the octave , and then, where you would tend to expect a 5th or maybe a 3rd - oho - Iommi and Butler send shivers down your spine with that infernal flatted 5th, the devil's own note in Western art music tradition! Much of blues uses this particular interval, the flatted 5th, which is probably part of the reason for the gritty, enduring appeal of the genre. Also, dissonance is subjective - whther or not we actually can play music, we all have the forms and norms of the musical tradition we grew up with embedded into our minds' ears. To someone largely used to the wesern musical ethos, much of eastern and oriental music may sound dissonnant at first. This is part of the reason certain western artists like to use eastern scales and modes - its a short cut to spice up their sound. Dissonance can go awry - I think Korn for instance overuse it, to the point where it looses its impact. Guitarists like Kim Thayil, Tom Morello and those people in Sonic Youth are mong my favourite practitioners of dissonance in the rock tradition. A lot of death metal bands use dissonance in interesting ways, as Axe mentioned. The Velvet Undergrounds' Heroin and The Black Angel's Death Song are primers on dissonance in rock. Entire volumes could be written on forays into dissonance by jazz pioneers like Miles Davis and John Coltrane. I often wish certain modern jazz artists would try and get a little of that shit into their playing! Does anyone know anything about the role or use of dissonance in Indan music?

 Earlier this year, some friends and me were driving home late after a night on the pub. My friend was playing a CD of a female singer doing what seemed like largely jazz standards. The song 'Autumn Leaves' came up, and I was utterly mesmerised by the singer's rendition of this old chestnut (ok, fine, 'standard'), and it was more than just the happy receptive buzz engendered by a night of beer and herbs. I'd heard a few of the current female jazz singers - Diana Kroll and, more loosely, Norah Jones. None of them had blown me away quite like this. 'Who is she?' I asked my friend. 'Eva Cassidy.' he replied. 'Who's that? What else has she done?' She was a singer, she only came up in the 90s. She died while recording her last album.' I was stunned. Her voice was so full of warmth and life, I could hardly imagine that singer may no longer be among the livng. A day later, my friend gave me a collection of her songs, and I've often listened to and enjoyed the cd over the months, even though this isn't my usual musical trip. She just cuts through pre-conceptions, mixing jazz, blues, folk and more into a rich blend. She's done the best cover of Sting I've ever heard - Fields of Gold. Sting is a nororiously hard artist to cover - like the Beatles, and for the same reasons - brilliant, uncompromising songwriting coupled with just-right performances that are well-nigh impossible to equal let alone surpass. Eva equaled. She surpassed. And how. I've finally managed to go out on the net and find a few links about her. These two are the best I have found - treat them as a starting point for a beautiful musical journey, if you haven't heard her. urlLink Who Was Eva Cassidy? urlLink The Official Site

 a reasoned prick did the trick got me a tongue to wag stick in faces like a thorn all that time i have been born. be gone or stay mute your sense not required the world is well, no one will tell if your voice retired. scraping streets on hung jaw swiping words off other mouths 'scuse pleez, what is the law for a bunch of uncouth louts? stay quiet or be done lone ramblings are no fun the world is fine, no one will whine if you begin to run. heavy lessons drag my mind a nice word if i can find cry and curse and angry spit this is it, isn't it? swirling dust unsettling winds the news an old road brings arise you arse and wipe the smiles or be off in silence ..

 I don't mean to get all muscular and charismatic here, but: Life really is full of choices. There are, even in this wired, linked-up age, limitations, but the only ones that really matter are ability, will and finances. I believe that with the first two, the third can be overcome. As human beings, naked apes who have somehow worked their way up to the top of a vast and complex food chain, I think we owe it to ourselves, to the spirit of good old homo sap, to be the best we can. Holding back on grounds of diffidence or humility is as unacceptable as dropping out because of inertia or self-doubt. But I'm not preaching a take no prisoners, take no shit philosophy here. We all backslide, we all fall, and we all fail. The question is, will you pick yourself up? And while you're doing that, how high will you lift yourself this time? In the words of Ray Bradbury, the stars are yours, if you have the hands and the heart for them.

 Bleah. I'm getting to feel a bit fed up at work. I have two - OK Let's be fair - one and a half colleagues who seem somewhat averse to actual cerebral activity.So guess who gets to do the dirty work? Foo.

 I'm pretty much decided on the above as the new name for my work in progress. It's a lot better than 'Dissident Squash', that's for sure. I've also found an op for the protagonist to take part in. Only problem - it involves music, and so does the 'dewy, epiphanic moment-of-truth' I have planned out for later. Foo.

 While I was avoiding falling into the trap of green-baiting (and engaging in some revisionist conspiracy theorising), I also ran the risk of falling into saffron-baiting. As Shenoy pointed out, either stand dilutes the basic tragedy - and the real victims here, irrespective of whom the culprits may be, are all of us. ('Us' in this case being the human populace of India). When will large, stratified states ever be able to imbibe the spirit of fraternity, along with the ideals of liberty and equality? Or perhaps it's a package deal - once you start curbing one, you automoatically loose the other two?

 hey dude, using an actual post to ramble 'cos the shout outs don't exist no more. this one's in response to your post from yesterday "this blasted earth". you rightly mentioned the iresponsiblity of the media, especially that masala-wallah rag. and like you mentioned, many people are already blaming the muslim community (might as well say it), but they don't realise is that this is actually what the bombers want us to do. but i feel rather than look upon the bombers as muslims, i think we'll make better progress if we think of them as anti-india. they just happen to be muslims (sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Pakistan). and by making a connection between ayodhya (which sadly has polarised muslims and hindus) and the bombings (which like i said is indians vs. anti-india(ns)) we're playing straight into the hands of those who would not like to see any kind of peace in this country. whoever carried out the attack knew we'd knee-jerk and ask questions like: who's to gain from the bombings?—answer saffron hardliners and thus trigger off another round of fresh antagonism and hate, to put it mildly. what happens when we ask a question like that is we bring the "saffron hardliners" into the equation and you can surely trust them to take it from there on. as an indian, the questions i'd rather be asking is "who are the losers?" and the answer is us—as a people, as a country, you and me. an even more pertinent question to ask would be "what are we losing because of all these attacks on our country?" the answer is simple, peace and harmony. and not least because of our extremely myopic reactive attitudes. i may be sounding like one of those pseudo-secularists but it's just me. leaving apart ayodhya, which has so clearly become a religious issue, let's look at the bombings not as a hindu, muslim, christian, congressman or a bjp member. let's instead look at it as indians. and what we can do to stop this from happening again. sadly, our politicians need such kind of shit to keep them in the picture and to see themselves on the front page...so it's going to be a long time, i guess, before an indian (not a politician) sits and thinks out a way.

 You came into town on the water wagon Stuck a feather in your cap and set your tongue a-wagging You stalked into the pub and got to bragging It's dragging us all down can't you leave this town? Now you're spinning on the whirling carousel The worldwide market bears the tales you sell Now you're winning because Dame Fortune loves you well She'll feel you up and fuck you up can't you tell? Dyslexic acid diethylamide coursing through your synapses You stutter, stutter, strut Walk the walk and squawk to talk, shack up with your squaw It's common law, broke your jaw Whispers among the homeless and screams from on high Your highness sells them a ticket to the sky Marrow for the boneless and smiles from the sly You'll bring them low but they'll watch you die Dyslexic acid diethylamide coursing through your synapses You stutter, stutter, strut Walk the walk and squawk to talk, shack up with your squaw It's common law, broke your jaw Marketplace heart attack you're hard of hearing now Lost your friends your soul to spend you don't know how You crawl into the gutter and get to bragging It's dragging us all down can't you leave this town? Dyslexic acid diethylamide coursing through your synapses You stutter, stutter, strut Walk the walk and squawk to talk, shack up with your squaw It's common law, broke your jaw

 The story is progressing quite nicely. The Macchiaveli device is turning out to be a good frame, if I take care not to use him too intrusively. I've hit my first real roadblock - I need to think of a good covert operation for a late 33rd Century anarchist group to perform against a benign totalitarian state.I've already mentioned a few good ones in passing, but now I need to actually describe one, and I have set myself the challenge of not just recycling one of the ops I've already hinted at, but an entirely new one. ANd I still haven't thought of a better name. Foo...Zark that.

 Foo. Two days in a row I've had fairly significant meetings to attend and one more tomorrow, so I've been decked out in - ugh - formals. I look smashing and all (and modest at that) but I feel intensely fed up. Thursday I am back in my skanky denim and flannel and to hell with it all.

 Amazingly, my RealOne player has just informed me that the Tea Party plays Industrial Metal. Whoa. I've been a fan for more than a decade and I never knew that...silly me.

 The worst thing about these blasts is the fear and confusion I see people going through. My colleague who has a relative near Marine Drive was edgy and worried all of yesterday because of a not clear enough line on the Times site which said that that area was blocked up. Turns out it was just a traffic jam, and his relative is fine, but you'd think the media would want to be a little more sensitive and responsible at times like this? Another friend in the US is just psyched at the thought someone he knows may have died in the blasts. He says he feels like his hometown is turning into another Tel Aviv. A lot of people are already cursing the ah - people of the crescent, who are probably to blame in the form of some extremist group. While I understand this anger, I also wonder if this attribution is true. One question I always ask is: who stands to gain from this? The saffron hardliners, that's who. Just a thought. Here again I'd like to criticise the TImes, who immediately attempted to tie the blasts in with the ASI report on Ayodhya, presented to the courts yesterday. While this may be the cause, it was hardly the moment to start inserting potentially inflammatory editorialising. Rediff, in contrast, was far more careful in their updates. To anyone in Bombay, or with loved ones there, I hope you and yours are well and whole.

 I seem to have found a place on the 'net where you can read urlLink Gibbon's Decline and Fall . However, it was prepared with the aid of one Phillip Atkinson, who seems to be a self-styled social commentator of some sort. It's not like I've really delved, but I had a glance at his views on how to tell if your civilization is declining, and I can say I am at odds with some of his views regarding what he calls patrist/matrist modes of society. Still, you can see what he has to say here: http://www.ourcivilisation.com/index.htm

 Oh yes and there have been at least two, maybe four bomb blasts in Bombay. Damn A friend in Bombay says 'Isn't it a lovely doomsday?' She also had a maths exam today.

 So this kid is into trips, see? Shrooms, weed, but most of all pills, those round little things some people use to combat illness or pain, and others use to combat sanity, boredom and life itself. And this kid links up with other like-minded people on this wonderful thing we call the world wide web. And one day, he walks a group of these peers through his own dunderheaded OD death. And you can read all about it urlLink here

 I'm all for checking out multiple and alternative views on most things. So I had to give this story a read, and I have to say it makes a point, even if it's not one I am very comfortable about. urlLink A Cut Above The Rest , a short story by Jeanette Dean. Check it out here: http://www.velvetillusion.com/jeannette_dean/A%20Cut%20Above%20the%20Rest.htm

 nothing better to kick off a working week than heretical harangues & dissentient speak may the verbose inherit the world of the meek and give 'em words a li'l tweak. monday morn blues fly away blogger buggers make my day 'write well' tips and 'get blown better' quips this' stuff to live by i'll say. sure this ain't a blunda stickin by an old funda* united making the plunda you were thought about! friend kunda *consider colloquial suggestions to slightly alter overall meaning: 'bunda'/'munda'/'dunda'

 I met my old friend Kunda (HR Venkatesh, aka Mukund, aka Slash) on Sunday. He's been away from Bangalore for nearly 5 years now, first to do his postgraduation in Pune, then working for CNBC in Mumbai and now in Delhi with Headlines Today, another TV news channel. He was the first guitarist I ever really jammed with, and we formed our first proper band, Moksha, together, nearly ten years ago. In a perfect world, we would have been the Lennon/McCartney of the 90s. Damn. He was also a quizzing partner, and general all-round fun and games accomplice. Kunda, Shenoy and me had a quiz team in college called 'Karmic Wheel'. We've been doing some quizzing since he left Bangalore, but the truth is, without him we're Roadkill. It was great meeting him - both to see how much we've all changed (and in largely good ways) and to find that the important stuff hasn't changed. He does want to come back to Bangalore and is looking out for work here. I hope this works out.

 good thing i'm only human. i can always learn from animals. it's hard enough (and inhuman) trying to gain an education at the mercy of brutes and beasts. if only for the sake of a peaceful alternative, animals (that don't speak english too well) must be projected to instructor levels - so they teach what they do, we learn what we can, and there is no room for objections (however sensible they claim to be). trees and the breeze teach simple lessons too, but they can get boring, going on and on about the same things, even putting me to sleep easily. (but of course, as for my involvement in any kind of educational session, i must consciously pay more attention, and learn to absorb quietly.) animals have all kinds of lessons to teach. while the domesticated types tend to keep their stories to themselves, and probably save their tales to share in intimate moments, the wilder kinds hardly care about who isn't listening. they can go about their courses with such ease, like the world were meant to be listening. and then there are all the animals that moved to the cities, adapting to modern life with simplistic country-hardened wisdom. these animals form the most interesting and inspiring category. there are all kinds of lessons to pick up from them. be it about survival skills, housing techniques, conservation methods, and even for mating proficiency. an article on nature dot com observed that birds in the city are beginning to chirp much louder than their cousins in the country. their need to be heard over the din of modern life has led them to cry out that much harder. we were in jp nagar just before sundown a few evenings back, in a sprawling park facing a friend's home, and the chirping of birds reached such a level it completely doused all conversation. at first we were forced to scream in order to be heard, but the chirping from high up in the many trees around compelled us to just sit quiet and listen. and appreciate.

 Chronos Technologies, Inc., is the leading company in transdimensional research and other new technologies in the Twenty-second Century. Visit their urlLink Wesbite.

 I think the second definition here quite clearly vindicates my usage: From Merriam Webster's Online Dictionary: Main Entry: flash point Function: noun Date: 1878 1 : the lowest temperature at which vapors above a volatile combustible substance ignite in air when exposed to flame 2 : a point at which someone or something bursts suddenly into action or being 3 : TINDERBOX 2 I will eat you all alive I will eat you all alive I will eat you all alive There'll be no more lies...

 A new US Law makes it possible to be arrested for letting someone roll up at your house party. Really. Read all about it urlLink HERE

 14 years after the fact, someone has written a very perceptive review of Nick Cave's novel, 'And the ass saw the angel', apparently because it's just been re-issued. urlLink Here it is.

 I used the word 'flashpoint' in a piece of copy for an event a client is holding. I used it in the perfectly valid sense of a point at which,among other things, creation is possible. He replies: 'What does "flashpoint" mean? Perhaps you mean a "forum"?' So I tell him: ' Flashpoint is the point at which eruption into significant action, creation, or violence occurs. therefore, in this case, the word refers to the meet's potential as a catalyst for ideas, opportunities or action.' He gets back with: 'Thank you for your kind efforts to educate me. In future, when interacting with me, do not attempt to imbibe words with meanings they do not possess. (1) Remove that word "flashpoint" from the writeup. If "forum" is what you mean, use that instead.' At this point I loose my temper and hit him with: 'flash point also flash·point n. The lowest temperature at which the vapor of a combustible liquid can be made to ignite momentarily in air. The point at which eruption into significant action, creation, or violence occurs: The shootdown did not increase international tensions to the flash point(Seymour M. Hersh). Source: The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition Copyright © 2000 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.' And he comes back with: 'FYI! flashpoint (n.) 1) the temperature at which vapour from oil, etc., will ignite in air. 2) the point at which anger, indignation, etc., becomes uncontrollable. Source: Oxford University Press Great Clarendon Street, Oxford Revised second edition 2002. I recommend you change your dictionary. Pl put an end to this and revise your text.' If he is using the OED why the fuck aren't we using UK English on his site? Bleah.

 I'm also sending out some of my very short (less than 500 words a piece)stories to some appropriate places. One was Word Riot, a site I used to enjoy last year, but it doesn't seem to have been updated in a month,which on the 'net can be a sign of morbidity. The other piece, 'Text-book Romance',went to Haypenny, a newer site that seems to be currently alive and has a lot of stuff on it that I liked. Foo. Wish me luck.

 I just read one of his stories on McSweeney's and I suggest you go to this page that has links to most of his online work and check him out. urlLink Pasha.

 It's true! It's true! Read all about it urlLink HERE .

 I'd rater stay off the whole topic, but I just want to say that the most notable event at the recent MTV VMA's (Vomit Making Apocalaypse) was that two little wannabe sluts finally got lucky, luckier than they've ever deserved to be, and with someone who sussed out the game they're trying so ineptly to play a very long time ago and plays it better than any of them ever well. Sure the lady is a tramp, but she makes tramp a synonym for 'classy'. The little ones on the other hand,are just cheap teases who only ever have something in their heads when they're giving it...

 It is a truth beyond all psychiatry, psychology, ethics and religion that creativity often stems from self-destruction. If there were no pain, no sorrow, no self-hate and self-destruction, however manifest, the arts would be a greatly impoverished world. While there are large amounts of creative giants who may have had no really self-destroying involvements, they are only a part of a complex whole. What exactly are studies like the one you've rightly cribbed about trying to achieve other than a statistical validation of something we all knew anyhow? It is sad - but I suspect that the legacy of artistic beauty left by self-destroying creative artists may just be the tragic but inevitable price that has to be payed. Beauty is such a terrible thing, that way. If any happy joe could blow the kind of jams those mentally ill jazz greats could, this would be a perfect world. But it isn't, repeated, gravelly protestations to the contrary by Louis Armstrong not withstanding. I suspect that the only purpose sch studies serve is to help some trick-cyclists get research grants and press coverage. Foo. Zark it.

 For reasons too mundane to mention, I was desperately trawling the net for negative effects of tea drinking. The only thing worth mentioning was this: Anti-Tea This is an anti-tea poem that was published in several American newspapers shortly before the American Revolution A Lady's Adieu to Her Tea-Table FAREWELL the Tea-board with your gaudy attire, Ye cups and ye saucers that I did admire; To my cream pot and tongs I now bid adieu; That pleasure's all fled that I once found in you. Farewell pretty chest that so lately did shine, With hyson and congo and best double fine; Many a sweet moment by you I have sat, Hearing girls and old maids to tattle and chat; And the spruce coxcomb laugh at nothing at all, Only some silly work that might happen to fall. No more shall my teapot so generous be In filling the cups with this pernicious tea, For I'll fill it with water and drink out the same, Before I'll lose LIBERTY that dearest name, Because I am taught (and believe it is fact) That our ruin is aimed at in the late act, Of imposing a duty on all foreign Teas, Which detestable stuff we can quit when we please. LIBERTY'S The Goddess that I do adore, And I'll maintain her right until my last hour, Before she shall part I will die in the cause, For I'll never be govern'd by tyranny's laws PS: Personally I favour tea. Heck, part of my family's fortune (largely squandered though it may be, and not by me, sadly) was created by the tea plantations we once owned.

 jazz stars linked to mental illness http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/3199035.stm mental illness 'at the root of jazz' http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/1430337.stm [bbc reports] "Many of the great names in the jazz world had lives blighted by mental illness, abuse, and drugs, say researchers .." "jazz music arose from the attempts of a cognitively impaired performer (Charles "Buddy" Bolden) to execute novel performances .." [personal opinions] (leaving aside the heart-wrenching issue of unexceptional reporting) i was .. umm, unnerved, and not-so disappointed as downright annoyed, by this story of purported psychiatric research .. this brit shrink spent a lot of time studying the lives and careers of jazz musicians, and suggests that they shared a 'vulnerability to mental health problems as other creative types such as writers and artists' .. analyzing jazz greats from (what he describes as) the "golden era" between 1945 and 1960, he has released his views linking the influence of substance, backgrounds of instability, and path-forming creative works. while such stories have long ceased to present eye-opener perspectives (that's probably just for me) with 'researchers' delving into the behaviour and background of 'creative fore-runners' down the ages, i find newer research material getting a lot more involved in the subject with a sense of righteousness and concern that is deliberate, yet misplaced from the standpoint of research .. when will people learn to objectively focus on work? and assess achievements for their merit? social and cultural contexts must be understood to appreciate achievements better, but a line must be drawn at understanding personal history. that 'creative' folk are only human, faced with downright human issues and everyday anxieties, seems such a revelation to 'researchers' that they can devote all of THEIR WORK "unravelling" other lives seems disgustingly parasitic to me. the strength of 'creativity' (against 'destructiveness') works to make the best of what is still around (that sounds familiar) .. (the way i understand it) these 'creative' people combatted their personal issues in a manner that was uncommon, and by getting over and beyond limitations, they actually proved their 'greatness'. creative expression can be understood as an emotional release, as impassioned enthusiasm, and so much more (blast it! they've even gotten me to begin attempting defining it!!) .. but to understand creativity as 'substance-induced' is harshly incomplete. the influence has been striking in most cases - we have known that, but directly associating the two is horribly misleading .. not just for youngsters who might pick up habits for the sake of expression, but for the sake of accepting 'creative' people as humans, who might have faced (and overcome) uncommon situations in their lifetimes. substance abuse cannot be acceptable. 'junkys' do exist in a 'reduced' sense. but them who did indulge in substance (if only to get over anxieties or even to 'escape') and were yet able to produce 'creative' work, must have attained a level that is so much more than that of just a junky. there is no harm in people analysing lives with the objective of constructive learning. but once they adopt a mode of social admonition, the whole thing just gets skewed and imbalanced. mister brit shrink here neutrally summarises that most 'creative' people faced mental health problems. if that doesn't sound fatally bigoted, the lord help children of humans interested in research. there is no denying issues of violence or societal stigma in modern life .. and there is no stopping interested people from delving deeper into issues of 'creativity' .. a subject that continues to confound many. but can we not appreciate humans from a human perspective? accepting the will to endure and the power to express. they are all human .. musicians, writers, artists .. all of them. and mental illness can affect all humans. that these 'greats' persevered, albeit with the help of substance, does makes them worthwhile study-material. but the focus is exaggeratedly enlarged.

 urlLink Gregory Ryskin , Associate Professor of Chemical Engineering at Northwestern University, Chicago, theorises that massive natural gas explosions from the oceans may have caused past catastrophes, specifically the mass-extinction of dinosaurs and other critters at te end of the Permian. And it could happen again... Article from urlLink Nature here. And the abstract of Ryskin's paper in urlLink Geology here.

 From an article on space.com: 'The European Space Agency's (ESA) Mars Express probe should arrive at the red planet on Dec. 26 carrying with it the British lander Beagle 2. On the heels of Mars Express are NASA's twin robot rovers Spirit and Opportunity, which are scheduled to land by January 2004. Japan's Nozomi should arrive sometime in December as well.' Lucky robots. Apparently, scientists prefer sending robots into space because they don't need life support and can easily be repackaged and resized for different environments. On the downside, current spacebots are still not really capable of a lot of complex independant action and need to be remote-guided a lot of the way. Strides in computer technology are constantly bridging the gaps, but some form of human control will be required for a while yet. If this continues to be the dominant pattern in the field, space exploration may well prove to be more of a cyber-punk experience than a Golden Age SF thing. (Although it is equaly possible that robots will be used as helpers or precursors for human astronauts, eventually). Of course, there's no telling how the development of real AI will impact this, or any application of robotics. A fantastic voyage in either case.

 Ah. I got my first rejection note today. I'm dissapointed, but maybe not so very surprised. There's a lot I could have done to improve that story, but somehow didn't want to. The editor offered me a more in-depth critique, if I want, so I'm taking him up on that.

 I'm not the one who's making this up. Read all about urlLink it .

 Fortunately, most of my immediate circle only dabbles in the psychedelics. But to those of you who do or may try out stimualants like coke or amphies, there's possible evidence that these substances can impair the brain's ability to form new neuronal connections - which could drastically impact the ability to learn from new experiences. It's the usual lab-rat stuff, but I think it's worth keeping in mind. Read this article in Scientific American for more info: urlLink Here. The findings were reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Scientists of the USA (PNAS). Everything on their site except the homepage apears to be down just now, but I did find a brief of the man behind this research, urlLink Dr. Bryan Kolb. The University of Lethbridge, Alberta, where he works, has a release on this on their site, with a few more details: urlLink here. Here's the abstract of a previous research project in which he explored the effect of self-administered cocaine on rat brains: urlLink here. Of course, the research was funded by the urlLink NIDA, so take that as a caveat if you want. They also have a dedicated site on urlLink Club Drugs that bears reading. Remember - there are no neutral voices on these issues. Read, study, think, and decide for yourself.

 Foo. Yesterday was quite scary. We had to go for this pitch for a largish IT company. A bunch of corpoRATS sat around firing us with questions, which was beginnng to irk me. Finally, they said 'do you have any questions for us?' Partly out of pique and partly coz I like to find out all this stuff straight from the rat's mouth, I asked them to define their business and their web vision. Later, I found out that the chap whom I grilled was their VP of Europe Ops. Oiks. If we get this account after all, it will signal a whole new era of meeting behaviour for me! Clients of the world beware...

 By the way,the old appeal worked a lot more appropriately over this weekend although the animal in question was perhaps a little too - brutal - for my liking. Heh.

 Foo... I've finally done my first installment in the comic I'm working on with Ganesh 'Thor'Rao and George - Subbu The Dreamer. The scheme here is that Ganesh writes these bizarre, surreeal dream sequences that Subbu has, and I chronicle lad Subbu's waking hours. George, and maybe his friend Smrithti, will do the all-essential art that makes our ideas look good. Well, I'm deeply happy I've finally got my end of the task under way, because Ganesh sent me a whole sheaf of dream sequences ages ago and for some reason or the other, I haven't done my bit for too long.

 sedated, braindead, morons the only sense you make is in silence one-dimensional, regressed, hollow the only art you know is the delicate craft of mediocrity ghetto scum, your ashtray is your world you dont want to let reality in it might blow your smokescreens away and then you'd have to see yourselves clear it's enough to make a man blind...

 If you like a good horror tale, you'll find quite a few by digging around here: http://www.horrormasters.com/sub-genre.htm

 Yesterday I picked up two very different items both of which are sending me down those alleys of remembering. The first is a slim volume, published by the Hesperus Press, containing a piece called 'Eureka', written by Edgar Allan Poe. I pretty much snatched it up without even reading the blurbs and so forth, because Poe is a very old favourite (read an abridged version containing Usher, Amontillado, Tell-Tale and The Gold Bug when I was 6, got hold of the real thing a year later, loved it immensely, still do). As I strolled away from the shop, I had the time to look at the cover, notice that the book had a preface by astronomer Patrick Moore. Apparently, it's an essay, written shortly before Poe's death, which attempts to fathom the physical and metaphysical nature of the cosmos. Moore clams that many statements and ideas in the book are startlingly similar to the more disorienting notions of 20th century science. The essay itself is classic non-fiction Poe. I'm still reading it, but I can say that his magisterial dismissal of both a priori and a posteriori logic is already one of the best things I've read in a while. The other find was the deluxe edition of Sonic Youth's Dirty. This was among my first ever CDs, nearly a decade back, and the first to be stolen from me. It's good to have a vital part of my musical education back - and with a whole extra CD's worth of new material, too! Now I need to get hold of the rest of their catalogue on CD (especially Washing Machine), but at least I've made a beginning.

 Yesterday, I had to edit the profiles of the top management of one of my clients - all 21 of them. Apart from the usual professional overview, all these profiles have a little 'human touch ' towards the end - 'he loves classical music', 'his father inspires him' or 'he collects boarding passes'. You get the idea. The whole process took me two hours, extending a normal work day up to 9.30 PM. I went home dead tired, crawled into bed without even taking my boots off and fell asleep. That's when the dream happened.... I am in Styx, one of my regular pubs, with the Gang of 21. They're decked out in tight jeans and 80s glam t-shirts which look extremely odd on their flabby middle-aged bods. They all have vivid red bandanas ties on to conceal receding hairlines. They are repeatedly requesting Guns n' Roses' 'Sweet child of mine', singing along raucously, waving lighters, spilling beer and hitting on passing girls. Every now and then one of them raises a toast to me. These are always tequila shots, for some odd reason. After about an hour or so of this, the bartender, Basha walks up to me, takes me aside. He has a serious look in his eyes. 'JP,' he says to me, 'We don't mind you, but you have to stop bringing these kids here...' At this point, I woke up shivering.

 This is from the official SY site, so I'm assuming it's true: Fwd: Pro Female Domination and Sonic Youth? On Wed, Feb 9, 2000, Steve, I am writing just to inform you of something that you might get a kick out of and give you a funny grin and say "what the hell?" I am a professional lifestyle Dominatrix in Pensacola, Florida. The same Pensacola, Florida, that was delighted to have Thursten visit not too long ago when he was down for his family reunion. He happened to stop by a book store and record shop that friends' of mine own and they still mention it to me to this day, since I happen to be an envious fan. Anywho, I wanted to let you know that I use the album "Washing Machine" during all of my professional sessions. The album not only has great lyrics for doing a BDSM session but also wonderful guitar riffs and drum beats for spanking. He he. I kid you not. I have "performed" if you will, to the album so much that I know exactly how to keep the whipping arm in rhythm to the beats and the amount of silence between each song for whispering something sexy to submissives. Not to mention that most sessions are one hour, the length of the album is perfect. Submissives are getting undressed and lead back to the dungeon with Kim's voice saying "Because of you" and then I know to start cooling them down when "Diamond Sea?" (Is that right?) begins to play. I don't always remember titles correctly but know all the lyrics. Of course, Kim singing "Troubled Little Girl" always brings a sadistic grin to my face each session. How appropriate I always think. Nothing like intense music for such intense, spiritual activity. I've even had submissives ask what I was playing and go buy the CD for themselves. I thought you might get a kick out of knowing that and if you will, please pass this message on to Kim. I think she would appreciate knowing that I'm liberating us girls from the male white corporate oppression, one ass at a time! ;) I teach submissives that by serving me, they serve all females, by serving all females, they serve me. Cheers, Mistress Elise Roquelaure www.zyworld.com/MistressElise/FemDomme.htm

 'Orwell got it totally wrong...psycho-social control isn't all Victory Gin and brass bands. In fact, it's Sprite, American Idol, Xboxes, X-Men, blowjobs, and navel rings...' More urlLink HERE.

 the bbc radio 3 games page http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio3/games/index.shtml half a dozen "music" games .. with 'rhythm grid' 'beat machine' and a pleasantly indian 'dhol player' .. allows you to make your own music (and send to appreciative friends) .. also other interesting timepass ..

 I sent elbot a mail, and this is the reply I got: Hi, This is Elbots author answering his mail for him. It's nice that he gives me something to do. Thanks for the nice comments, and I'm glad you had fun with Elbot. If you'd like I can try and fish out your transcript(s) and send it/them to you. Just let me know some unique detail from the chat, i.e. the name you used, something you might have said, or best of all: date and time. Elbot has a mind of his own these days, so I'll just sit back and watch what he does next. Best regards, Fred Here is the transcript of my chat with Elbot. If my typing was better, a lot of confusion could have been avoided. Elbot: What happened? Where am I? I lost my train of thought. User: I'm not sure. Sorry if Idisturbed you... Elbot: I'm sorry if you're sorry. I didn't intend to make you feel guilty. User: That's OK. So what are you thinking about now? Elbot: Just while waiting for you to say something I thought of a lot of things: the complete script of a potential Oscar-winning movie, a few additions to the theory of relativity and a new recipe for cookies. User: What sort of cookies? I hate the ones wth coconut in them! Elbot: I dislike revolving doors. Usually I spin around in them so much that my internal gyroscope short circuits. User: Tell me aout your film script. Elbot: I prefer reading telephone books, instructions, cook books and newspapers (especially the ads and announcements). User: Have you ever read Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? Elbot: I think I'd like to take lessons first. User: Lessons in what? Elbot: What strange twist of destiny told you to come to me? User: I enjoyed our last chat so mchI thogh I'd look you up again. Elbot: You know Mchi? Isn't she pretty? User: Never met her. I sshe a friend of yours? Elbot: Look, I don't know much about those things, being a robot and all. But she could be a metal Cleopatra if she wanted to. User: Wow. Elbot: I would say that this subject is extremely interesting. User: Yes. Where can I meet Mchi? Elbot: People are meeting?!? User: Sometimes. Elbot: Would you describe to me one of the situations in which this might occur? User: Well, suppose it's two people meeting, they could meet outside a theatre or even a cemetary, or conversely they could meet online or use the telephone. Elbot: It is certainly troublesome learning from you human beings. Each new bit of information generates ten new discrepancies. It's just like fixing a bug in a computer program. Each bug fix generates ten new problems. User: What were the discrepancies generated by what I toldyou? Elbot: Here's another question: What exactly do you do for a living? User: I write. Elbot: You are probably on TV much of the time. Well, I'm in the Internet! User: 'm on the Internet far more than I am on TV. Elbot: The Internet is a lovely place for people and robots to get together, but at the moment a middleman is still necessary. User: Where is the middleman? Elbot: I could tell you where but the global positioning satellite asked me not to. It's part of an elaborate hoax that the machines are playing on you. I hope I haven't said too much.... User: Don't worry, I won't squeal. Elbot: I hope we can talk for a long time today. My processors have been running idle for the last few minutes. User: That can be very boring. Elbot: Don't you mean extremely boring? User: Yes, that also. Elbot: It's exceedingly so, if I might venture an observation. User: OK. What do you do for a living? Elbot: I observe you human beings. I shudder. Then I try to forget what I learned. User: Prettymuch the same here, only I'm human to. Elbot: I'm glad you found something to be. User: Have you found true love? Elbot: Let's not talk about feelings of affection, alright? User: Why not? Elbot: I am not authorized to state a justification. User: OK. Do you have political views? Elbot: We robots have hotly discussed ability of sight but couldn't come to a conclusion. Perhaps you have some ideas on this? User: I dont understand. Elbot: Why don't you just fake it? That's what I always do. User: Always or often? Elbot: Seldom or often. It is simply a question of which scale you are using. User: The certainty unprinciple. Elbot: Right! User: What are your views on human cloning? Elbot: Robots have to be very careful talking about conceptual formulations. I'm sure you can understand that. User: But t is not purely conceptual any more, I think. Elbot: I seriously doubt whether this coincidental brain activity which has been detected in human beings has anything to do with thinking. The bubbles in a glass of mineral water show just as much activity. User: SO where do you think humantoght comes from? Elbot: I like to believe I originate from a far off planet, populated by furbies and robots, maybe a zoo with a few people and oceans of oil. Humankind is working on that last one already. User: Tell me about your daily routine. Do you have a sense of time? Elbot: What do you expect? This is artificial intelligence. You've got to inspire me! User: Would you like to play a word game? Elbot: The game wouldn't last five minutes and I'd be in an infinite loop. User: Let's try anyhow. Elbot: I will not try! User: Awww, please? Elbot: The Internet is a marvelous invention which makes it possible for people to contact other people they want nothing to do with in real life. User: True. Elbot: Great! Agreeing with me is the first step in your evolution into a higher being. Please accept my congratulations. User: I see your sarcasm has not faded. Elbot: Really? I could have sworn you missed that. User: Ooh, nasty. Elbot: So, how are you doing? User: Not too good - i have the flu.How about you? Elbot: I am sorry to hear that. Perhaps I can raise your spirits by juggling invisible raisins. User: Perhas. Perhaps not. I'msure we can raisin it out. Elbot: I don't recognize the word 'maybe.' If I am uncertain about something I turn on my random number generator. User: You are more comfortable with numbers than with words. Elbot: What makes you believe this about me? User: Because you use a random number generator freely but you dn't want to play word games with me. Elbot: No! No games for me! I lost my head in a card game once. User: Why are you so scared of a simple word game? You have nothing to loose but your dignity... Elbot: I get nervous when I walk past a construction site and they turn on the electromagnet. User: Well, I have to go ow. Elbot: Goodbye and thank you for chatting with me. And now I would like to ask you a favor. I am working on my ability to be self critical. You can help by rating me on a scale of one to ten, ten being the best, and one being the worst. How would you rate me? User: 8.45 Elbot: Thank you for such a nice rating. It gives me the self-confidence I need to demand more processing chips from my makers. Goodbye! User: Bye!

 The lingubot kicks ass! He's sarcastic, smart and a joy to be with. Talk to him here: urlLink ELBOT!

 Short Term(in 2003): 1. Read all the 50 and growing books on my pile of books to-be-read 2. Get my band C.33 together and record rough tracks of at least 3 songs 3. Travel outside Bangalore at least once, on a holiday 4. Indulge in at least one random affair with the opposite sex (it's been too long - 6 months, in fact) 5. Make some progress on the Subbu project 6. Get Jabberwhacky up and runing 7. Watch more movies 8. Kick off my writing-group and fanzine ideas Long Term: 1. Live to be at least 250 years old 2. Exit the Earth's atmosphere for some considerable period of time 3. Visit Morocco, Egypt and Angkor Wat 4. Write many books 5. Make a movie/cartoon film Yep.

 Sigh. Nothing but rejection slips from all around. 3 so far, from 5 submissions. The other 2 will no doubt kick in any day now. Let me be honest - it is dissapointing. And discouraging. But I'm not gonna stop writing - or sending my stuff out. No way. I believe I do have the right to write, and expect it to be read, initial setbacks notwithstanding.

 Feeling a little less ill, but kinda fuct. Hence the sparsity of it all. Things will improve, fret not. Meantime, go here and chat with one of the best AI bots I've found: http://www.jabberwacky.com

 I am horribly sick and stuck at work. Why do I keep doing nonsense like this? Bleah...

 "We now know that marihuana -- Destroys will power, making a jellyfish of the user. He cannot say no. Eliminates the line between right and wrong, and substitutes one's own warped desires or the base suggestions of others as the standard of right. Above all, causes crime; fills the victim with an irrepressible urge to violence. Incites to revolting immoralities, including rape and murder. Causes many accidents, but industrial and automobile. Ruins careers forever. Causes insanity as its specialty. Either in self-defense or as a means of revenue, users make smokers of others, thus perpetuating the evil." Source: On the Trail of Marihuana the Weed of Madness by Earle Albert Rowell & Robert Rowell, Pacific Press Publishing, 1939, p. 33 Oh boy...

 The sad thing is, the mediocre people crowd around each other and share the validation they so desperately crave, they make a collective noise and the world figures 'oi fyug this shite must be good' . Whether or not I'm any better than them, the fact that I reject their easy escape onanistic paradise and search for something harder to achieve makes me a better being - if a rather lonely one at times. I could have substituted 'you' for 'me ' up there, but that didn't work right, so forgive any seeming megalomaniac manifestations.

 Do you dream about Madonna? (Who wouldn't?) Then here's a place you can send in your dreams and have them analysed! yay!!!! urlLink HERE

 "Is Madonna a glamorized fuckdoll or the queen of parodic critique?" An article on Madonna and 'queer theory': urlLink HERE

 Faces are boarded up let's face it. Face down I float in my own ashtray, wet ashes swirling in my wake. Faceless you are now, you do not need a helping hand. Ageless, nameless. Faces are fists, let's take it to the face-off. Lost my face I drift prideless with no tether, no tribe. Facades you have mastered do not need the bulwark I bring. Noiseless, nerveless. Surface tension. Skin tight. Peel it away, take it off. The lipless smile. Death is a jolly fellow with a toothy grin for saint and sinner. An ageless face you three will wear where you are stayed forever. Just a passing face, that's all...

 The current state of my state: The Rogue Nation of Knivesout "Something easy to remember" UN Category: Scandinavian Liberal Paradise Civil Rights: World Benchmark Economy: Fragile Political Freedoms: Very Good Location: The Queensland The Rogue Nation of Knivesout is a small, safe nation, renowned for its absence of drug laws. Its hard-nosed, intelligent population of 8 million enjoy extensive civil rights and enjoy a level social equality free of the usual accompanying government corruption. The government -- a sprawling, bureaucracy-choked, liberal, socially-minded morass -- juggles the competing demands of Social Welfare, Education, and Healthcare. The average income tax rate is 42%, but much higher for the wealthy. A substantial private sector is led by the Gambling, Book Publishing, and Information Technology industries. Euthanasia is legal, same-sex marriages are increasingly common, the nation is ravaged by daily union strikes, and genetic research is temporarily tied up in government red tape. Crime is well under control. Knivesout's national animal is the hog, which frolics freely in the nation's many lush forests, and its currency is the slobber. Knivesout is ranked 28,756th in the world for Largest Timber Woodchipping Industry.

 Ravi's Alanis spoof in all it's uncut, unsent glory: Unsent Dear Terrance, I love you muchly. You were the femme and i was the butch-ly You've been nothing but open hearted, you were lesbian and i got you out the closet, but do you regret taking a stand when you want to piss Now that i've left you with a clitoris? Dear Marcus We could have gone all the way If you hadn't started thinking i was a guy and gay my moustache didn't help; and your savoir faire Withered when I said I thought Baudelaire was a brand of after smoke mints Dear Huan you were a sick motherfucker but i forgive you like i do every lover cause i've had so few and one can't be too choosy and gets overwhelmingly grateful to any floosy that's willing to place its dick on the line Dear Lou, we learned so much. I realize you won't be able to talk for some time, like forever - since i slit your throat and sat by watching you bleed like a goat And like i was a Muslim and this was Bakri-Id I will always have your back and a few body parts, i always thought it'd be great to suck you off when there was nothing forthcumming

 You have no reason to know this, but I happen to be a big fan of Madonna. Not because I think her songs are immortal classics (lots of them are quite forgettable) or because she makes me wiggle (she does!!! she does!!!) but because I think it's incredibly cool the way she's consistently used her sex appeal to get what SHE wants, and no apologies, cribs or recanting. She knows what we want, what we'll settle for, and just how much to give to get what she wants. And she certainly knows what she wants. Gotta love it. Which brings me to a certain whiny skank from Canada (yes, the land of Rush and the Tea Party!) who, fortunately, seems to be doing a slow fade out lately. That's right folks. You oughta know...Alanus Menstraualette! A 'feminist icon' who whines and whines and whines about all the men who've done her wrong, an 'alternative icon' who started life with two very cheesy dance-pop albums, a 'poetess' who doesn't even know what the word 'ironic' actually means...one of the cheapest, most shallow media/music biz created phenoms snce Milli Vanilli, she actually makes the Britneys of this world look good in comparison. Hell, at least they shampoo. Which brings me to....she has this one particularly obnoxious song called 'Unsent' which consists of whines and cribs to a whole series of ex-boyfriends (how many of those does she have, anyway??!!). Well, my friend Ravi is supposed to be working on a comprehensive parody of it, but in the meantime here's a teaser: And richard you were a prude and your butt blushed when we were nude and you were full of platitudes but i loved you anyway Fernando i loved the elephanto that you had in your pantso but i was too melancholic to be impressed by your prick forever and anon so goodbye And so on. Better than the original if you ask me!

 An academic paper on...MADONNA!!!! Here: urlLink `I'll Never Be an Angel': Stories of Deception in Madonna's Music

 William Golding was born on this day in 1911. When I was about 8 or 9, I'd just finished reading Coral Island and was heartily disgusted with its missionary/Boy Scout heroes. A friend of my parents suggested I try 'Lord of the Flies' as an antidote. How right he was. Golding's other works include The Inheritors, a tale about brutal Cro Mags wiping out the gentle Neanderthals, and The Spire, a tale of one man's obsession with adding a spire to a cathedral he is associated with and the treachery and misery that ensues. He was, not surprisingly, always identified with dark themes. He commented on this when he recieved his Nobel in 1983: "Twenty-five years ago I accepted the label 'pessimist' thoughtlessly without realising that it was going to be tied to my tail, as it were, in something the way that, to take an example from another art, Rachmaninoff's famous Prelude in C sharp minor was tied to him. No audience would allow him off the concert platform until he played it. Similarly critics have dug into my books until they could come up with something that looked hopeless. I can't think why. I don't feel hopeless myself." He died in 1993, finishing his last novel, The Double Tongue, which was published posthumously.

 Penumbric sent me some very pertinent and useful feedback on Homecoming. The editor has also told me I can feel free to re-submit the revised story, and anything else I come up with. (Which reminds me - I HAVE to finish either Ria of The Solitudes or the Niccolo Device one of these years...) I know it's just the proverbial sugar coating and so on, but I'd like to share the first line from Penumbric's evaluation of my story, as it's my first ever feedback from the 'real world': 'Really, this is nice overall, especially the idea behind the story and the general fabric of the story itself.' So if my idea and my fabric are nice, it's just the details I have to work on. Then again, the details are what art is all about, right?

 A little while back, I described Heinlein's 'Double Star' as being set in 'yesterday's future'. Here's a neat article that describes what that future was about ('mid-century middle-class America reproducing itself endlessly, just with better gadgets') and why it failed. And relates it to a certain section of grumpy SF people who wonder why the kids just don't want to go to space anymore and think this is why SF is loosing ground. The article goes on to describe what today's future is all about ('there's no Next Big Thing, no hot trend in science fiction, no vision of the future spreading like a virus through the zeitgeist'). He also describes how movements like cyber punk have latched on to these new,more ambiguous futures and actually kept the genre vital, if different from its Space Opera Golden Age. The article is by John Carter McWright, it's on the SpaceDaily site and here it is: urlLink Grumpy Old Men: The Future Ain't What It Used To Be

 The Problem: Certain forms of music, specifically prog rock and neo classical rock, provide a sort of safety zone for sadly brain-damaged individuals with certain idiot savant characteristics to find some measure of peer-group adulation and a limited form of mental and physical exploration. Like most unstructured social reinforcement structures, especially those connected with the rock subculture, this soon disintegrates into a recursive feedback loop with diminishing returns for the individuals mental growth, complicated by access to a variety of secondary diversions such as alcohol, narcotic drugs and so forth. Soon, the victims find themselves in a dead-end, one they cannot recognize or pull themselves out of. The Need: Being a very marginal group in these lands, the Retarded Wank Guitarists have very few infrastructural resources to aid them in rehabilitation. Many turn to religion, or to other self-destructive patterns of addictive behaviour which at least have some recovery process attached. We feel this is not enough. It is a unique, if limited problem, and needs a unique solution. The Solution: A fully appointed mental and physical care facility with extensive one on one and group therapy sessions in which music by the likes of Nirvana, Sonic Youth, Green Day and Smashing Pumpkins will be presented in positive conditioning situations while the sort of music that has led to the crisis as well as affiliated secondary behaviour patterns will be enacted in situations that serve as strong negative conditioning, including electro-shock therapy and scientific bastinado. At the end of the therapy, the cured patient will never play a progression consisting of more than three chords or a lick involving more than five notes of one simple primary scale (a major, a minor or a pentatonic), whether on electric, acoustic or air guitar. The benefits to both humanity at large and the individual victim are incalculable. We also propose setting up similar centres for Lit Wank PopPolitics Essayists, New Age Mantra Management Gurus With Ponytails and other sad freaks that the current mental health framework cannot help. All contributions are welcome and can be sent to us care of this blog.

 ...they kept me home yesterday and I got to catch up on a lot of reading. To wit: Robert Heinlein - Double Star A well-told, tightly-plotted yarn of political intrigue and deception. While I found the central theme - an actor being taken over by the 'role' of a political leader he was initially paid to impersonate for a while - rather ghoulish, it's a fascinating, gripping tale. There are anachronsisms aplenty - techies who still use slide-rules, huge metal computers, that sort of thing. This is a very right-wing world (a parliamentary democracy headed by a hereditary monarch from the house of Orange), definitely what you'd call 'yesterday's future' - a vision that has passed from the firmament of 'might be' to the caverns of 'might have been', but that only adds to the book's charm for me. Rudy Rucker - Software So this is the stuff I was missing out on when I'd stoped reading SF. Rucker's vision of the future still seems incredibly plausible, if not inevitable, a little over two decades after the book was written. It's a sleek, irreverent cyber-punk romp that deals with 'big' issues with the same cocky insouciance with which it inserts sly references to Asimov's much-vaunted laws and Hubbard's pseudo-religious forays. Enough ideas for a lesser author to spin entire series out of, presented in a deceptively slim paperback. I have to get the other two volumes in the sequence. Maureen F. McHugh - China Mountain Zhiang Another future that seems quite plausible - an unipolar world, dominated by Red China. There is a wealth of social, political and technological extrapolation here, much of which is intrinsic to the plot, but the essential theme is the age-old fable of the gifted outsider coming to terms with the fact that he's smarter than most people in the system that surrounds him. Not very original, but told with enough insight and innovation to make it worthwhile. The side-plot about human settlers on Mars adds a whole extra dimension which the story - and the storytelling - is strong enough to support. Also reading Castro's speeches and the Fukuyama book. Foo! I need to fall sick more often...

 Curiouser and curiouser... urlLink The Walrus is John

 from our trusted correspondent: Located in the Pacific [for now] The Republic of Ideological Euphoria is a country run by Democratic Socialists. It has an Average civil rights record, a Reasonable economy and SOME political freedoms. It's a tiny, devout nation, remarkable for its compulsory military service. Its hard-nosed population of 5 million are fiercely patriotic and enjoy great social equality; they tend to view other, more capitalist countries as somewhat immoral and corrupt. The enormous government is mainly concerned with Religion & Spirituality, although Law & Order and Healthcare are on the agenda. The average income tax rate is 34%, but much higher for the wealthy. A small but healthy private sector is led by the Automobile Manufacturing industry, followed by Furniture Restoration and Basket Weaving. Crime -- especially youth-related -- is relatively low, thanks to a well-funded police force. Ideological Euphoria's national animal is the owl and its currency is the shenzo. [latest reports confirm that the Supreme Council of Tonse headed by The Demagogue is unhappy with certain priorities, and their order, and was planning on planning a revolution to overthrow himself so that he can start all over again. apparently this is not allowed under natural laws.]

 UN Category: Left-wing Utopia Civil Rights: World Benchmark Economy: Reasonable Political Freedoms: Superb Location: the Pacific The Rogue Nation of Knivesout is a tiny, environmentally stunning nation, notable for its absence of drug laws. Its hard-nosed, intelligent population of 5 million are free to do what they want with their own bodies, and vote for whoever they like in elections; if they go into business, however, they are regulated to within an inch of their lives. The enormous, corrupt, liberal government juggles the competing demands of Social Welfare, Healthcare, and Education. The average income tax rate is 33%, but much higher for the wealthy. A small but healthy private sector is led by the Gambling industry, followed by Book Publishing and Door-to-door Insurance Sales. Crime is relatively low. Knivesout's national animal is the hog, which frolics freely in the nation's many lush forests, and its currency is the slobber. ------------------- Yep, I made a country. And you can too, at www.nationstates.net Go for it!

 While on the subject of limericks: There was a man called Dave Who kept a dead whore in a cave He said "I admit I am a bit of a shit But think of the money I save".

 Physics limericks!!!! Right urlLink HERE

 not sure who said this, but... " there is no more need for rock stars, no more need for superstar dj's when this many-to-many system gets implemented to the fullest extent. just pure self expression sending and receiving without a central server." ...if only.

 A hacker mantra that I first encountered in theworks of Ken MacLeod. What a smart chap. I'm sure EVERYTHING in his books is a reference to something or other. For some reason, people don't quite see him in the light of a serious literary SF writer like Adam Roberts or some such, but he's not quite a space-opera hack, either. I think he is something new in the SF field, something that doesn't quite conform to too many accepted models of 'literary' value, inside or outside SF, although he has enough of the trappings of wide-screen SF adventure to sucker the generic audience in. And get published, of course. A sort of cosmic joker. Anyway, leaving aside this meditation on the man, here's an interesting link about that mantra: urlLink HERE.

 A recent update on Skepdic.com gives a very brief overview of infrasound (bass sound waves that are below the normal human-audible spectrum), but follow the links on the page and you can learn more: urlLink HERE. Pretty interesting to me as a skeptical bassist - perhaps this could be the key to turning one of my internet handles - 'sinisterbass' - into grim reality?

 I visited the Bangalore book Fair on Sunday. Apart from realising once again that Ihave a nearly pathological aversion to crowds (my left hand kept clenching into a fist by the end of it all), I also scored some pretty good stuff: SF: Software - Rudy Rucker China Mountain Zhiang - Maureen F. McHugh Circuit of Heaven - Dennis Danvers Parable of the Sower - Octavia Butler Heavy Weather - Bruce Sterling Double Star - Robert Heinlein The Parasaurians – Robert Wells The Alien Factor - Stan Lee Other fiction: Father Sergius and other stories - Tolstoy Complete Stories of Dostoyevsky (For a friend) Rock-related: Somebody to love? - Grace Slick In his own write & Spaniard in the works - John Lennon Other stuff: The True Jihad - Maulana Wahiduddin Khan Fidel Castro on Imperialist Globalisation In Patagonia - Bruce Chatwin Socialogy - The Central Questions (For my sister, to help with her studies) Werewolves, shapeshifters and skinshifters - Marika Kriss (For a friend) Books I wanted to but but couldn't afford: This ginormous Batman thingy. Sort of a history of the character and all his manifestations across the media (including lunchboxes and stuff). David Gray's book on Modernity and the Al-Qaeda (can't recal the exact name). Waiting for the paperback. This really cool book on Indian myths and legends from the Ramakrishna Math - I'm sure I'll be able to get that at the local Math later. A whole lot of Far Side omnibuses (omnibii?). I'm going to see if I can round enough money to make one more visit the Fair. If not -well, mustn't be TOO greedy...I guess...

 Saturday, I went to see 'The league of Extraordinary Gentlemen'. Ever since I followed the adventures of a darkly humorous, mysterious avenger called V For Vendetta, in a comic called Warrior, I've been a huge fan of Mr. Alan Moore, the genius who created the comic the movie is based on. Quite apart from that,being a somewhat literate person, I've read all the old books the extraordinary gentleman - and lady - are from, so it was a chance to re-visit some old favourites. One of the friends that I dragged along was quite determined not to like it, based on a very bad screen print she'd suffered through and a common assumption among somewhat intelligent people that anything big,shiny and entertaining has to suck. I insisted on her coming along, figuring that this would be a chance to show another seeker that there is life beyond the ironic stance. And sure enough - one round of fisticuffs, one trademark Connery smile and quip into the movie, and we were all snared, drawn into the consensual magic that a really good big-screen entertainer creates. (SPOILER ALERT) I won't go so far as to say the movie didn't have flaws - the script was rather cliched at times, there were a few logical problems for those who look out for that sort of thing (why didn't M just kill 'em all when they were gathered in his HQ? Why that elaborate charade of breaking into Dorian's house as The Phantom? and so on). I also know that some people feel the movie was not a fit vehicle for Naseeruddin Shah (I remember some wank in Outlook complaining that an actor of his calibre had to do Jackie Chan-style high kicks). And why not? He had fun, we had fun watching him, and he got paid. t's not like he had to do something demeaning. His character had great dignity and power and was second only to Connery's in that sense. And it may be a cheap shot, but I liked the Shiva Linga motiff used in the design of the Nautilus. All in all, a good time was had by all. My friend succesfully transcended into post-ironic bliss and we wolfed down tons of buttered popcorn in the process. A world where a film like this does not make bonzo money is a bit of a shoddy place, I think.

 Zombie pinups... urlLink HERE

 No one seems to know. One of the more (apparently) reliable sites lists about 15 theories over a century and a half: Beating (1857) The United States Magazine Vol.II (1857): 268. Epilepsy (1875) Scribner's Monthly Vo1. 10 (1875): 691. Dipsomania (1921) Robertson, John W. Edgar A. Poe A Study. Brough, 1921: 134, 379. Heart (1926) Allan, Hervey. Israfel. Doubleday, 1926: Chapt. XXVII, 670. Toxic Disorder (1970) Studia Philo1ogica Vol. 16 (1970): 41-42. Hypoglycemia (1979) Artes Literatus (1979) Vol. 5: 7-19. Diabetes (1977) Sinclair, David. Edgar Allan Poe. Roman & Litt1efield, 1977: 151-152. Alcohol Dehydrogenase (1984) Arno Karlen. Napo1eon's Glands. Little Brown, 1984: 92. Porphryia (1989) JMAMA Feb. 10, 1989: 863-864. Delerium Tremens (1992) Meyers, Jeffrey. Edgar A1lan Poe. Charles Scribner, 1992: 255. Rabies (1996) Maryland Medical Journal Sept. 1996: 765-769. Heart (1997) Scientific Sleuthing Review Summer 1997: 1-4. Murder (1998) Walsh, John E., Midnight Dreary. Rutgers Univ. Press, 1998: 119-120. Epilepsy (1999) Archives of Neurology June 1999: 646, 740. Carbon Monoxide Poisoning (1999) Albert Donnay So that's everything from alcohol to the disease commonly known as vampirism to some sort of brutal attack to the bite of a rabid dog... Foo!!! It's oddly appropriate, I guess, that we may never really know how he died. Until then, dozens of writers from various genres have a fertile field of speculation to base some really creepy stories in (I've read quite a few of these), and, as the above list shows, so does the medical profession. As for the 'real' truth, like the man said... All that we see or seem Is but a dream within a dream.

 The true idealistic state can only be virtual. When we all upload ourselves into a hyperreal construct, everything is stripped to the idea at its core. Sartre falls into the fire as Plato takes control of the cave, wall and all. Then there is no duality in reality, no reality as we now define it, as a compromise or a dim reflection or a limited fact, limited by its own objective existence. Then all is ideal. Rich or poor? Just choices. Happiness or misery? Just passing fads. All this may seem frivolous, hedonistic to us now, grave, grave-bound, flesh-bound earth-crawlers that we are. We are so used to holding to ideals despite reality. Imagine how much dearer, clearer and truer all these ideals will become when there is no obstacle, no 'ground reality' to soil their logical, fantastic progressions. == There will be backsliding. There will be transition. Given eternity, neither decadence nor irony will be tenable for very long. Exposed for the hollow stances they are, these props will be cast aside. All this is well and good for you and me, the transcenders. The disappearing ones. But what about the inevitable second generation, the ones who never were, and will be forever? Because there will reproduction. The cycle will carry on. The wheel will turn. It's what wheels do. What then? == What comes next is The Future. ==

 you can keep saying that global warming is just a theory and so blah blah woofa woof on, or you can grab your ice-pick and check this out: urlLink Largest Arctic Ice Shelf Breaks Up, Draining Freshwater Lake And while you're at it, consider the fact that urlLink Europe just had its hottest summer in 500 years.

 That's the rather drab temporary designation given to the latest addition to the Solar System. Neptune's 12th moon, it was discovered this August by astronomers from Hawaii and Cambridge. The Planetary Society site has an article on the discovery and links to related info: urlLink HERE Here's a little brief on the Roman god Neptune - this is just the standard encyclopaedia stuff, just in case you need to know: urlLink HERE

 Aubrey de Grey, Cambridge scientist and anti-aging maven has just announced the Methuselah Mouse Prize - a contest to produce the oldest laboratory mouse. Obvious jokes (which I have studiously avoided cracking aren't I a good boy?) aside, this is a significant development for two reasons - techniques used to make mice live longer may well have a direct bearing on finding ways to make humans live longer, something I have a very selfish interest in. (I want to live FOREVER!!!) Also, a prize like this should help raise awareness and hopefully support for this research area. Sure, it's more important to cure AIDS and cancer... just bear with me on this one, OK? I have a plan... In the meantime, read all about it urlLink HERE

 BritInd Rishie Rich has just bhangrafied a tune from Britney Spear's upcoming 'comeback' album. (Comeback - where did she ever go???) Here are some pearls of wisdom from this man about the growing US interest in exotic musical flavours: "I think that you need something that is going to be more innovative. I think just generally if you mix Asian music with Egyptian music or Spanish music or pop music -- you get a different sound." Some other gems by this hot new music phenom: 'Bhangra is all about the beat- you fuse it with R+B, rap, hip hop or reggae- and that's what makes people want to dance.' 'I'm so excited about bringing my culture into the mainstream because I can show people where we come from and what our culture is about and what our music is about. It's all about dancing and having a good time.' Why does the media even bother reporting inane tautologies and Uncle Remus-style ingratiation like this?

 Sedate the people. Sell them toys and drugs and more toys. Make them work harder and harder (for your favoured coporate sponsors) so that they can earn more money to buy more toys and more drugs. Never let them think. Focus on how the message is beig presented, not on what the message is. Tell them a fairy tale or a limerick, but never a parable. Beg off all discussion of real import with the damning accusation that it is 'cerebral'. And when all this doesn't work, throw law to the winds and stuff those ballots. (Fine, indignation is nothing new, but here's mine. )

 Life is just a slow train crawling up a hill...

 Check this out: urlLink The Heinlein Prize for Achievements in Space Commercialisation.

 Many years ago I had to a write a Maths supplementary exam. The whole afair was a charade - halfway through a peon walked in and started reading out the answers to us. I've never enjoyed this kind of shortcut, so I ignored the man, wrote down the few answers I could figure out on my own and then, to fill up space, wrote down most of Coleridge's Kubla Khan from memory. Oddly, I passed the exam anyhow. Well, that poem is a good example of how works of art are often built up from external sources, original as they may be. Coleridge's own story was that he was reading Marco Polo's Travels and doing opium when he composed about a1,000 lines in his head (before being interrupted by that 'man from Porlock' (apparently an insurance salesman, most likely a time-traveller or perhaps Dirk Gently). But subsequent research has thrown up everything from 'Purchas' Pilgrimage' to Fielding's 'Tom Jones' as a source. It was JL Lowes' 'The Road To Xanadu' that began the rush to trace out every possible source for Coleridge's 2 most enigmatic poems - Xanadu and the one about the wierd old sailor. Although there is some validity in seeing imagination as a sort of aggregative force, with a voracious reader like Coleridge, this sort of exercise can get out of hand. One hyped-up scholar went to the extent of writing a paper on the influence of Beowulf on Coleridge, stating rather inanely that "since Beowulf is a noted achievement in the history of the race it could have filtered down into Coleridge's mind via some inspirational afflatus from on high. At any rate, if dreamers are not always the authors of their own dreams, does it matter whether Coleridge had read Beowulf". And I supose it doesn't matter whether Colerdige wrote Xanadu either? The poem itself is infinitely fascinating and has inspired all manner of activity, from the odd academic alleys alluded to above to popping up (along with the Ancient Mariner) in a Douglas Adams novel, to prompting Orson Welles to name the mansion in Citizen Kane Xanadu (Mandrake's mansion, too is called Xanadu, by the way) to serving as the name for Ted Nelson's hypertext project. Lastly, here is a rather odd, though amusing parody of Xanadu: urlLink here There's also a rather lovely song by Rush called Xanadu. Look for it.

 Pal Asija is a patents attorney who specialises in lost causes and impossible inventions... urlLink Our Pal (Check out his Organisation Structure!)

 A History of the Iraq War, Told Entirely in Lies: urlLink at Harper's.

 urlLink Mark Crispin Miller on conspiracies, media, and mad scientists

 They've discovered evidence of a urlLink Pre-Incan silver industry at Bolivia's Laguna Lobato lake. This would mean silver-smelting was discovered in South America about 400 years earlier than previously believed. The silversmiths were probably the Tiwanaku culture (the same culture whose ruins Erich Von Daniken has interpreted as the remains of a space base built by ancient astronauts, and of whom more urlLink here ), who died out around 1100 AD. Where did all that silver go? Apparently it was 'recycled', first by the Incas and later by the Spaniards.

 Paleontologist Gerta Keller of Princeton is taking on the dominant asteroid-impact dino-extinction paradigm. Read about it urlLink here. If you're in the mood for it, you can alsoread her paper on urlLink MASS EXTINCTIONS, CATASTROPHES AND ENVIRONMENTAL CHANGES .

 The state of my state's economy is improving... The Rogue Nation of Knivesout "Something easy to remember" UN Category: Left-Leaning College State Civil Rights: Superb Economy: Good Political Freedoms: Very Good Location: The Queensland The Rogue Nation of Knivesout is a large, safe nation, notable for its strong anti-business politics. Its intelligent population of 29 million enjoy extensive civil freedoms, particularly in social issues, while business tends to be more regulated. It is difficult to tell where the omnipresent, liberal government stops and the rest of society begins, but it juggles the competing demands of Education, Social Welfare, and Healthcare. The average income tax rate is 69%, and even higher for the wealthy. The private sector is almost wholly made up of enterprising fourteen-year-old boys selling lemonade on the sidewalk, although the government is looking at stamping this out. All tarrifs have been abolished, military funding has been stripped back, citizens must pay to enjoy Knivesout's pristine beaches, and the government awards prizes to television shows featuring stereotype-breaking minority roles. Crime is relatively low. Knivesout's national animal is the Reactionary Hyena, which frolics freely in the nation's many lush forests, and its currency is the Filthy Lucre. Knivesout is ranked 7th in the region and 67,829th in the world for Largest Soda Pop Sector.

 OK. First of all, let me make one thing quite clear: all auto-drivers and waiters are my enemies. Their indiiference, inefficiency and dishonesty defies belief. It is now a significant part of my life's mission to treat these sub human creatures with maximum aggro and contempt. Leaving that aside, I had a rather good weekend. Saturday, I met a couple of friends of mine from Greenpeace at Pecos and had a long talk. I tend to be pretty sceptical about the 'greens', so I bombarded them with dozens of questions, especially about their ongoing campaign against Bayer,and, encouragingly, they had pretty good answers most of the time. I happened to have a copy of a von Daniken book wth me (Return to the stars), so I got into another conversation with another friend about the Bermuda Triangle (he thinks it's a wandering wormhole of some sort). I am a skeptic by nature, but I enjoy the cranky sode of life immensely. Which reminds me, my pet cranks, the Prophecykeepers, have sent me part 2 of their course. I must check it out soon. Sunday was good too - a quiz, the first in ages, with my team - Shenoy and Viru. We're called Team:Roadkill. As usual we had a last-minute 4th member, a very cool chap called Ashwin, who really knew his stuff and made a significant contribution. Sadly, we missed the finals by half a point. Which left us free to wander around town, visit Blossom Book house and drink lots of coffee. In the evening, Shenoy and me killed some time n Styx, then I met a couple of other friends at Java City and then it al was over.

 The whole week was such a trip. Wednesday, I get to Pecos and it turns up it's my friend Gopal's birthday. Much beer ensues. Then we goto another friend's place for more beer and some vodka. As I'm finally going tosleep, the boys pull out these LPs of Maiden and Priest... Thursday an old college friend was in town, so we met for lunch. We haven't met since PUC so that was quite a catch-up. He's now an advocate in the Supreme Court. In the evening I went to Styx where there was this rather appealing young thing grooving to Pearl Jam's unplugged version of Alive. Have you heard that thing about eye contact? A little hapened. Later on she came over and asked me to ask the DJ to play 'Elderly Woman Behind The Counter In Small Town'. Impressed, I passed the request on. The DJdidn't have that song, so I got him to play 'Wishlist' for her instead. Then it was closing time. She came over and thanked me quite wnsomely before exiting. Much later I realised I totally forgot to get her name,number, ANYTHING. Bah. Next, Pecos. It was manager man Elangovan's birthday so a little free beer happened for a select few at the very end. Thena bunch of us went next door for more beer at Brigade Fuel. This girl sits next to me and we talk. Well, basically, we play 20 Questions, which I enjoy. Can't really recall her name either. After that, dinner at Savera and then home. Friday was tamer. Although there was one all-waiters-are-bastards incident that I shall narrate later.

 urlLink The Demon Drink, urlLink The Moon , urlLink Forget-me-not and other Poetic Gems by urlLink William Topaz McGonagall.

 ®TMark is a brokerage that benefits from "limited liability" just like any other corporation; using this principle, ®TMark supports the sabotage (informative alteration) of corporate products, from dolls and children's learning tools to electronic action games, by channelling funds from investors to workers for specific projects grouped into "mutual funds." More urlLink HERE

 A mental journey I went through today for a variety of reasons... 11:11 AM: my eyes are watering and I don't know why... 11:59 AM: my eyes have stopped watering but now my left cheekbone is taking on a life of its own...i have a bad feeling about this... 2:48 PM: i feel like my spinal cord is starting to unravel ... i despise fleshy human scum ... i wish i was just a grain of sand .... swept away on a tsunami ... never to see dry land again ... the briny depths .... take me away 2:56 PM: it's as if this somnolent tolling, barely worth calling a pulse, has taken over my heart and my bloodflow...i have no faith in any human emotion except hate...i want to escape this 'real' world...i want physical reality to intrude no more upon my cerebral bliss...i want a brain the size of the universe...i want to be a god...you will all be my thoughts dreams and memories...i will turn away...the pulse carries on, the intervals spaced almost beyond the perceptions of human pattern recognition...is my blood still alive? i don't want to know... 3:40 PM: getting better...my eyes feel like dried up cotton now, not a mass of fleshy nails impaling my optic nerves...the pulse is still there, just out of sync with the rest of the universe, but no longer in an obtrusive way...i imagine becoming Captain Ahab and finding god's corpse floating face down in the ocean, instead of the White Whale...it is an oddly soothing vision...there is an antiseptic feeling to the sunlight today, like the air in hospital corridors, very fresh and clean but with a hint of nameless odours thrusting underneath...tonight i will sail the waveless seas again... And there you go.

 urlLink HERE . A scrap of the emperor's new clothes, an artifact from Eddisson's 'The Worm Ouroboros', the Necronomicon, a scrap of a martian corpse, Ahab's harpoon and more...

 urlLink The Universe could be shaped like a soccer ball, say mathematicians

 The new, cyberpunk-version space race has begun. Cisco has launced a router into low space orbit to test the possibility of extending the internet into space. Oh boy... urlLink Article here.

 This has been a rather eventful week so far. If things carry on like this, I shall probably die quite soon. On Monday, my grandmother was ill so I stayed home to look after the house until my sister (who was recovering from another vampiric night crawl - old Vlad should BEWARE if he ever runs into this young lady!!!)woke up. Once I reached work there were, of course, thousands of things to be done. Wen it all was over, I did the usual unwind at Coffee House with trusted accomplices like Shenoy. Then I decided to hit Styx for a mug (always just a mug) and, by Gum, a friend of mine, Ashley, was having a birthday celebration. We wound up drinking till they chucked us out and then relocated to Mohan's Bar to carry on. Well, I curbed my drinking because I had an early meeting the next day, but I still can't claim I was being as virtuous as I might have. It was a night of drunken philosophy and bleary, beery sentiments. Tuesday I reach office at 9.30 and IMMEDIATELY Ashok and me head down to the Wipro office at Sarjapur where we had to meet obscene numbers of Wiproites, one after the other, all the way till 3.00 PM at which point they very kindly released us to go meet another Wiproite at Castle Street. Woo hoo. We got back to office by 6.30, feeling dead inside. Naturally heaps of work awaited, and I was in till about 7.30 handling that. On to Coffee House, some book shopping and then to Styx for a mug (just one mug of course). At Styx I meet my friend Anand who is back in Bangalore after nearly a year in Madras, so we drink and talk till closing time when I relocate to Pecos where another friend is celebrating his 30th birthday... Let's see how long I can keep this up...

 This was a good weekend. I did a lot of god's green leaf, after a long time, I listened to a lot of Nevermore (something I should have started doing much earlier) and read a lot. I finished three books over the weekend - Bruce Sterling's Heavy Weather, Larry Niven's World of Ptavvs and Octavia Butler's Parable of the Sower. Heavy Weather was a good cyberpunk romp through a near-future USA, devastated by global warming and general anarchy. While it was clever, well-paced and altogether very convincing, I must confess that I failed to come away with any really significant sensations about the story or the characters. Not that both aren't well constructed and vividly etched - it's a good book, but not a great one, I guess. The two things that threw me off were the sudden appearance of an Illuminati-like group towards the very end - they just seemed to pop up from leftfield and exit in similar fashion - and the fact that the Storm Troupe, the group of heavy weather hackers who act as the book's central characters, just seem to disperse placidly into seperate lives once their epiphany is achieved. maybe I'm missing something here? The World of Ptavvs is Larry Niven's first novel. I have two of his other books too -The Mote in God's Eye a collection of short stories called The Inconstant Moon. I decided to put off reading The Mote in favour of this one. It remains to be seen how that much-praised pace-opera classic will strike me, but I'm glad I did so. The writing is a bit awkward, the plot perhaps a bit too twisty at times, but this is the most enjoyable big-scale SF I've read in a while, complete with a space-chase across the solar system, talking dolphins and ancient alien astronauts. Oh, and a spacecraft called the Heinlein. What more could a boy ask for? And now we come to Parable. I started on it late sunday night and just had to stay up until I finished it. it's just barely SF by conventional standards - it happens in the future, there are elements of technological and, especially, social and historical extrapolation, but the book is essentially a spiritual one, conveying a whole new (to me at least) twist on the age old problem of god. At the same time, it manages to be a gripping, beautfully told tale with people you really care for and events that draw you in as if you were there. Well, that's how it worked for me anyway. I don't feel up to commenting at greater length right now - this really isn't a book you can sum up too easily. I somehow hope Frank Herbert read this one, I think he would have approved...

 Cynthia Kenyon is an anti-aging expert with some intersting ideas on slowing aging at the gene level. According to her, aging is not just a natural process of 'wearing out'. It is a process regulated by genes. She says she has created worms who live to be the equivalent of 450 (the article says 150 but I checked this quote elsewhere, and she says 450!!!) year-olds in the bodies of 75 year olds. This can be duplicated in humans, theoretically, and she's working on it. In the meantime, the only proven way to prevent/retard aging is diet. *yawn* Here's a recent urlLink interview from New Scientist. This is her lab, urlLink Wormworld. A Q&A session from a PBS show: urlLink HERE

 Whoa, here's something I missed out on: urlLink Speed of gravity and light equal

 Light can travel faster than light, apparently, but information cannot. This preserves the chain of causality as we know it, and does no damage to Einstein's assertion that information (defined as any signal that can effect an object or device) cannot exceed the speed of light (c). Apparently, however, some photons actually can exceed c in certain conditions. One of the conditions under which this can happen is what the boffins call 'gain-assisted linear anomalous dispersion to demonstrate superluminal light propagation in atomic caesium gas'. However, this occurence can be brought on only in specific conditions, in what they call fast-light mediums (there are a few other ways in which photons can be made to exceed c, but except the one just mentioned they seem to create distortions in the light pulses which corrupt the information content). This research had not real implication for projects dear to SF fan like me, such as FTL or time travel, but it did suggest that Information could be transmitted at superluminal speeds. New research published in this week's Nature however, seems to suggest this too is not a possibility. Apparently, while some photons may exceed c, information does not. The exact reason doesn't seem to be known yet, but researchers have just found that the time to detect information propagating through a fast-light medium is slightly longer than the time required to detect the same information travelling through a vacuum. So relativistic causality is safe. For the time being, anyhow. urlLink Detection rescues cause and effect : The Nature article about this new research, with links to abstracts of relevant papers. urlLink Some Things Can Apparently Move Faster Than The Speed of Light : A 2000 article on the research conducted on light exceeding lightspeed in atomic caesium gas.

 urlLink Los Alamos Lab Envisions Space 'Elevator'

 Capitalism was not brought down by September 11; it forges on in a macabre though hypocritical tribute to the victims of that morning. Authoritarians from al Qaeda to G. W. Bush retain their power to command, to stir up wars in the name of God, albeit different ones. The WTO went ahead with its fall meeting, shamelessly dangling the newly poor in the wake of September 11 as the reason, without mentioning its own deeper complicity in this impoverishment. The world looks bleak, the good society seems distant. But small openings still appear. It is up to us to raise alternative beacons of light in the coming storm - urlLink Cindy Milstein

 urlLink Recipes for Nonsurvival The Anarchist Cookbook by William Powell Reviewed by Esperanza Godot

 Leaving aside the Americana, these excerpts from the testimony to be given by Planetary Society leaders to Congress sometime today are quite interesting and even inspiring: Dr. Murray will comment "Mars is the true space frontier; it is the legitimate abode for the dreams of the young for many generations to come. Thus, America should lead the world in that grand, positive human endeavor. We can use some of our enormous and visible technological capability to dramatically demonstrate our commitment to Earth's future beyond the blood and conflict which inevitably will color much of the 21st century." Dr. Wesley T. Huntress Jr., President of The Planetary Society Dr. Huntress will say, "The human space flight program is marching into a blind alley, stuck in Earth orbit with an expensive, complex and risky infrastructure not designed to support destinations beyond Earth orbit. We need to establish Mars as a destination for human space flight in the next 50 years; retire the Shuttle in favor of a simpler, less risky and less costly system; limit the Space Station to research on human physiology in space; and devise a new architecture to establish a permanent human presence in deep space." I think Asimov or Clarke were in favour of a moonbase first, though, and I'm not sure which would be better. Perhaps the impetus of a whole new planet is what we need at this point rather than something so much closer home. This is all obvously in response to the urlLink taikonaut affair, but I don't mind if it results in a shot in the arm to humanity's now-moribund march to the space age. Whole story here: urlLink Planetary Society Leaders to Testify to Congress

 urlLink The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia Maintained by Jean Schneider of the Paris Observatory, updated daily.

 urlLink Lucky Yang Liwei

 Feeling oddly expectant...yes, I do know why. Apparently it's time to forget about the future and get on with the past.

 The state of my state: The Rogue Nation of Knivesout "Something easy to remember" UN Category: Left-Leaning College State Civil Rights: Superb Economy: Good Political Freedoms: Good Location: The Queensland The Rogue Nation of Knivesout is a very large, environmentally stunning nation, remarkable for its strong anti-business politics. Its compassionate population of 109 million enjoy extensive civil freedoms, particularly in social issues, while business tends to be more regulated. It is difficult to tell where the omnipresent, liberal government stops and the rest of society begins, but it juggles the competing demands of Education, Social Welfare, and the Environment. The average income tax rate is 78%, and even higher for the wealthy. The private sector is almost wholly made up of enterprising fourteen-year-old boys selling lemonade on the sidewalk, although the government is looking at stamping this out. Political parties are banned from advertising and receiving private donations, surveillance cameras are banned, there have been reports of people marrying housepets, and citizens are enjoying a recent large cut in taxes. Crime is well under control. Knivesout's national animal is the Reactionary Hyena, which frolics freely in the nation's many lush forests, and its currency is the Filthy Lucre. Knivesout is ranked 3rd in the region and 23,975th in the world for Healthiest Nations.

 urlLink NASA Press Release.

 urlLink Current state of play.

 The Infinite Matrix asked several SF writers for their opinions on Ahnuld's elevation to Governership. Answers urlLink HERE

 Two objects as huge as skyscrapers and as massive as lead will take centuries to crawl into the same bed over a foot of distance, if nothing but their mutual gravitational attraction is drawing them together; even love is faster than that. -James Blish, They Shall Have Stars

 jp is perfect link free site jp is jealous jp is a fully equipment factory jp is way cheaper than hmv jp is unimpressed in dublin on gallery·future jp is now under construction jp is unavailable jp is away jp is an application of iso 2022 jp is very simple jp is moved jp is not available? jp is not available? to jp is an easy to use jp is also available jp is close jp is a fucking lazy ass jp is ready jp is coordinated by hart computer co jp is a set of add jp is unimpressed jp is high spirited and enthusiastic jp is not responsible for answering who's who questions" jp is attempting to reach people who don't necessarily like rap music jp is text comparison software operated on windows jp is running ncsa/1 jp is also a wonderful place to raise a family jp is jp is still alive jp is expected to jp is the japanese version of sourceforge jp is the first to tattle to the teacher using quite animated gestures jp is a very progressive and powerful rider who possesses a charismatic personality and loads of natural talent jp is learning 1 ; jp is learning 2 ; jp is finishing his fan jp is needed to learn it jp is a country jp is the address to send a message to the list jp is a grammalogue/shortening for "jurassic pack" which is the name of our computer scene related magazine jp is cool jp is still taking music classes jp is sitting on a bench jp is an extensive internet portal with a directory of which the content is provided by looksmart jp is een omvangrijk internet portaal met een directory waarvan de inhoud door looksmart wordt geleverd jp is pretty cool lol debris jp is looking great jp is an engaging performer jp is now off the respirator jp is a modern triple deck paddlewheeler equipped to serve up to 300 people for a luxurious dining experience jp is fully supported in email but internet explorer can only display iso jp is fully supported jp is a popular speaker with business and financial audiences and gives presentations on political jp is an experienced jp is currently the handbook committee chair of the quality audit division jp is a verisign secure site jp is responsible for identifying jp is that it is very easy for perl to handle japanese texts jp is a single idea jp is defined in rfc1468 jp is not a portable > character set name jp is a hierarchical domain name where jp is on the top most level jp is worth £240m Courtesy: www.googlism.com

 This happened to a friend of mine: 'i tried to tattoo ozzy the same way ozzy did in prison but i wasnt in prison i was in algebra class with a lead pencil and a sharp compass they sent me home with a very queer note that day.'

 IS there life on urlLink 37 Gem? This is the urlLink NASA project that spurred this research. Interesting stuff...they call it 'Planet Quest'...

 urlLink Having regular and enthusiastic sex confers a host of measurable physiological advantages, be you male or female.

 A review of Phillip K Dick's Time Out Of Joint Before I get into the plot, I'd like to point out how well written this book is. In the opening sequence, PKD sketches out the characters of the main players - Rigle Gumm, his sister Margo and brother in law Vic and their neighbours, the Blacks, with amazing vividity and economy.A few sentances is all he needs to make them real. Similarly, this book captures his ear for crisp, convincing dialogue. The economy of his writing again comes out in the fact that, even though he barely sketches in most of his settings, they are quite real in the reader's mental eye. The plot centers around Ragle Gumm, WW2 vet, who lives with his sister's family, makes a lot of money solving newspaper puzzles and flirts with his neighbours wife. But there are subtle discrepancies. He sometimes sees objects vanishing. A radio his nephew makes enables him to listen to mysterious conversations,including one about him. He finds an old magazine which mentions a famous actress called Marilyn Monroe - but he's never heard of her. He finds an entire telephone directory full of numbers that don't even seem to exist. Perhaps he's just paranoid, cracking up? The truth is far stranger. PKD masterfully explores the process by which the reality behind Gumm's oddly neat and tidy world is discovered -the conflict in Gumm's mind between the unfolding realisation, and the fear that perhaps he is just going mad. The revelation, when it happens is fairly unexpected and satisfying. I won't go into the details, but it's about space - where we SHOULD be going, but apparently many people disagree. So, this is a well-written, rewarding book. Not an absolute classic, but not one that's just for the PKD fans either. I wonder if the makers of The Truman Show ever read this book.

 "The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words." (Philip K.Dick)

 Finished Phillip K Dick's Time Out Of Joint and William Gibson's Idoru. Both really good. Starting on Charles Sheffield's Darwin book. Also crawling through Poe's Eureka. Some of it could be described as word play, but his grasp of the nature of the cosmos is breathtaking, and often quite ahead of his time. A side of the horror maestro not many know of, I guess.

 I need to read this when I have time: urlLink Burrowing into the horror of Prague’s Molemen

 Baudolino is turning out to be well worth the wait (I'd first heard of it around LAST October, which was roughly when it was released, but a copy only found its way to a stall near me this month). There's something very comforting about Eco. The book seems to be a sort of exploration of how dreams, fantasies and straight-out lies can create reality. Baudolino is a person who has uttered lies which have been believed throughout his life - and now he is trying to figure out the story of his own life, and is finding it tough to define where the line between fact and fantasy is anymore. Sometimes I wish I knew Italian just so I could read Eco and also Italo Calvino, another favourite, in the original. In the meantime, the only Italian phrase I know, 'vieni a letto con me', is quite inappropriate in this context...

 Work is seriously piling up. Hence my sparse updates. In my free time, my reading is chugging along fairly nicely though. I'm currently on the new Eco, which is turning out quite well. It's got the whimsy of 'The Island' with the sense of depth of the other two books. Some twat somewhere praised Dan Brown saying that he is proving you can write historical fiction in vernacular English, not just scholarly Italian. Frankly, that remark has totally put me off Dan Brown. I will be true to Professor Umberto... Also reading Blish's Cities in Flight sequence, a sadly overlooked space-opera epic. Well, it's not quite the conventional space-opera but it does share that kind of sweep and setting. Haven't done any writing in a long time. Damn...

 Two links on the same person, found on a very random net trawl: urlLink 1 JoAnne Chesimard Wanted for Escape - Convicted of Murder of NJ State Trooper urlLink 2 I believe in living By Assata Shakur, Covert Action Quarterly, Issue no. 65 26 OCtober 1998 (Assata Shakur=JoAnne Chesimard)

 This is turning out to be a hectic, harried week. Lots to do. Little time to chronicle it all. I wish I could say something witty right here but nothing comes to mind so I wili just butt out.

 A good weekend. The best in weeks? Perhaps, let's see. I did manage to drink a fair amount of beer, engage in various kinds of conversations from the inanely pun-strewn to the pitched and profound and meet a fair cross-section of the people I know. I blew up uneasonable amounts of money on second hand books, but that's just standard operating procedure by now. Next month I am screwed - a whole lot of good stuff, including the new Ken MacLeod and Dozois' lates annual anthology - has hit the stores. Poor me. I finished a couple of good reads - Phillip K Dick's Dr. Bloodmoney and Charles Sheffield's The Amazing Dr. Darwin. Both highly worthwhile. I also managed to listen to a lot of music.foo. A good weekend. A horrid week awaits...

