 No one has joined yet, because I've only just sent the invites but its new year in roughly 4 hours I think? Next year we have GCSE's and then starting collage/6th Form. How calming. LOL. Stress stress stress! Perhaps we should all take up yoga? Or learn another language fluently so that if we fail really badly we can move to that country and be a whole new person. Wouldn't that be quite good, if when your life got so bad you could just step out of it and into a whole new one! Brilliant. Well, people, blog!!!!

 This is a group blog for, er, a group. I think the line up is myself, Tom, Jackie, Max and David T. Just a few notes though guys, can we try not to swear unless your in a reeally bad mood. If your arguing with someone else on the blog please don't argue through the blog. Remember, its Post & Publish not just post!!!! Oh and please no shamless plugging of your website, and that was mainly focued towards Dave. Tsktsk. :)

 About the urlLink snooboo.com Forum , I made a tiny slip up and accedently signed everybody out. So just log in again and it's as good as new - if you have forgotton your password, just use the Remind Password feature at the bottom of the page. urlLink A picture of a toliet taken by my brother. Last year he went on a trip to Germany for the Christmas Markets, we have just got the photos back, and we have cellings, we have floors, we have parts of the human body (mainly feet and hands) and to top it all off we have a photo of the toilet on the coach. Amazing photography from my brother. If you want a high-resolution picture of the toliet (big enough to go on your desktop) please do contact me. Something not quite right about that paragraph... Anyway, no more and no less to say really - good night.

 No the goverment won't increase pay for teh amount they are asking, they need to compramise because surely any raise is a good one? Even if it is only a couple of quid! Everyone, I am adding a new nickname to my internet and text etc.. nickanmes: from now on, as wlel as Nicki, Nick, Sodapop and Emu I will be known as, NIKKO. Heehee. And yes there is a reason behind it but very few people know. Heehee.

 Aaaaaahhhhh, parents evening. My dad forgot most of it by the time he got home. I ya want my opinion, the firefighters can strike for as long as they want, because the government are not going to increase their salaries by that much. Any twats that arnt careful and start fires when there are strikes can burn coz its their fault for doing it in the first place. The war I dont care about either. America are prepared to launch at minumum 400 missiles a day. Anyway, if the war starts when i'm out in America, wheyyyyy! We either: die. or stay out there until it ends :) Toodles people, I hope you enjoyed my extremley motivational speech.

 Thats cool Tom, I think it looks good, because it creates the picture you want to see but has differnet effects and its own frame even! Wicked! Well since I got home I have been playing about with my new 6 in 1 hair straightener. I love the curler and have been trying out leavers ball hairstyles! Yipeee. I gave up an hour ago though, kinda burnt my hand about 3 times or so. I think the fire fighers should wait, they will get more attenion if they wait until the stuff about Iraq has all gone, or at least got canceled. It won't be canceled. War cannot be canceled, postproned but never canceled.

 I have (sort of) managed to scan in some photos and put them together to give you the view outside of my hotel when I went to Italy. The quaility isn't very good and the lighting conditions change in each photo, and I am missing one, and they don't line up, urlLink but you get the idea . The mountain in the background is Mt Versovous (the one that didn't explode). The city next to it is Naples, and the town I am in is called Surento. I think the fire fighers should wait, they will get more attenion if they wait until the stuff about Iraq has all gone, or at least got canceled.

 My parents evening. Science (Moore) was ok, we had already figured out a revision thing after school. Art, she loves me. Heehee. History was good, he said that my coursework was very good and Q2 of womens suffrage was excellent. Then I moaned at him for not putting comments on it except 'reorganise'. LOL. Um, maths, my mum likes him, lol, she thinks he is really nice. He said that all I need to do is to get 4 more questions irght in the exam and I'll get a C!!!!! Yipee! English, fine fine, briliant, marvleous, excellent. Textiles, my machine work has improved considerably, everyhing is good, my paperwork is currently at a grade B so don't be surpise dif I end up getting a A or even A* apparently. Cool. Mr G is so lazy. Throughout the whole hour and bit we were there he spoke to 2 parents. The rest of the time he was just milling about or writing something. Tutt tutt. he shouldhave found something constructive to do. Now Tom, I agree with your last paragraph in your previous blog. Very well said. Email them, complain. I might. Actually, about the firefighters. I agree with their strikes, I don't agree with how much they are asking but striking is giving them the attention and support they need. However, I do not agree with them going on strike now when we are about to go to war with Iraq, which I reckon will happen in about 10 days time if that. (They better leave korea alone btw, just look at what happened in Vietnam!!!!) They are tying up valuable troops. Even the Gerkuas or however you spell it are helping out and they are extremly valuable! These are the guys which is their sword is drawn they must produce blood with it or kill someone before it can be put back into its sheath believe it or not. Now I will continue to support the firefighters, my Dad used to be one and we tend to go to alot of the these firefighter things, shows etc.. but I really do think they should stop all this striking until tropps are available. Have a nice day ya'll.

 Parents Evening, I didn't go as we where tight on times to get me there, but my mother gave me all the information I need. All the normal stuff like try not to stink of fags when you walk into the class room, and show some respect for the celling, use all four legs of the chair, all the normal. My favoruite quote from the evening; "he has a wicked sense of humor", my business studies teacher. She quite liked the idea that it's cheaper to use robots because they can work in the dark. (Bit of a nerdy business joke, so don't feel gulity if you don't get it.) I know I haven't blogged for a little while, been very busy getting my head round completcated programming problems, which still have yet to be solved. Anybody with a logical mind please enquire within. My favourite part of music lessons has started! Sorry, did I say favourite? I meant my most hated dreaded I-really-don't-want-to-do-this part of music. Composition. Sounds easy? You just write lots of notes down, play 'em and then you're done, but there are several probelems. First of all, I can't sight read very well so when I have to play them back to myself, I can't remember what I did. Secondly, I can't read or write bass cleff, I can barely manage trebble cleff! Thirdly, I can't compose! I don't know what to do and what ever I write sounds like a monkey wrote it. This is the kind of point where I think to my self I don't want to spend 1/4th of my 6th form eduction on the flipping subject. I enjoy listening to music, and to some extent I enjoy playing it, but I hate composing and I hate learning about it. The fact the clarient wasn't around in the Baroque period isn't important information to me. I really don't need to know that serialsim sounds like me playing the piano with my arse, and I really do not need to know that a Sitar is a guitar from India without frets! I don't care! I really do not care! I don't want to know this information, please, no more! That is the end! No more ever please! urlLink How do you mend a broken heart? The quaility of tabloids is really getting to me - it's crap. A Solicitor jailed for life for murdering her two baby sons is freed by court of appeal, Tony Blair today pledged that after dealing with Iraq, the UN would confront North Korea about its nuclear weapons programme, and The deputy prime minister John Prescott yesterday lost patience with the striking firefighters, announcing radical new laws which would enable ministers to seize control of the industry and impose a pay and reform package. So after all this in an amazing day of news, what does The Sun have for a headline and leading story? Zoe Ball and Norman Cook - the most read "news" paper (using "news" in the broadest possible manner) in the UK and all they care about is the realtionship between two people that I really don't care about. Yes, Norman Cook has made some pretty cool music, but I really think his private and work life should be seperated and respected. Anyway, just got to say my bit about possible war and the monkey man himself. urlLink This sums it all up really, nothing much else to say other than what you can see in that cartoon.

 I chew kittens for a living..... The dentist is sooooo cool! Its quite fun havin ur teeth poked around with a skew like thingy! I dunno the reson for this post, im bored at the moment.

 Lol. It is 8.06, and I literally have just finished my tea, having just got home from a very amusing parent's evening! Highly amusing! Basically I'm awful and am gonna fail all my GCSEs is what the teachers said, and that I'm a rebel, trboule-maker, etc etc, the usual. But other than that, a VERY amusing chat with old Mr Westlife (his bame has been changed due to the fact he has called me Josephine twice this week), and then I couldn't stop laughing when I finally sat down to talk to Mrs HIcks, a) cos I knew what my mother was gonna say, b) it was quite funny seeing my mum smiling at Mrs Hicks in her 'Yeah, I'm smiling and acting pleasant but I think you are an absolute twat' way that she does, and c) my mum had said to me before hand that I could tell all my friends that she's sorry but she tried, and she couldn;'t get her hands all the way rouind Mrs Hick's neck!!! I just could hardly control myself, and Mrs HIcks probably wondered why I couldn't stop smiling at her! Anyway, hwo did eveyerone else go? Oh, and I have found the route of my head pains- I need to stop grinding my teeth, cos it sends pains up my jaw, adn that is where it ius coming from! SO solution found! toodles peeps.

 Headache, you had a headache! I bet mine was 100000000000000 times worse than yours! Not only have I had it for a week now but i don't have an eyeappointment for another 2 weeks. An dto top that off when I was bending ove rto pick something up off teh floor in my room I whacked my head on the side of bed (has a this wooden thing around the edge) and now have a dent in it as well as a added to headache. Hmph. But I thought it was very nice to come in, put on the internet for a quick spin on my usual message boards and blogs to find that all my cool Ryan fans are really lovely and nice and don't argue with me for the sake of it. In fact they are all relaly suportive of each other, really helpful and are happy to help each other out. Then my cousin was on msn and it was cool talking to him as he is in North Carolina. His wife, dawn, has an interview tomorrow and if she gets the job they will be moving to....ready....CHICAGO! Wahoo! They are both really lucky!!! Brilliant. have to go and visit them then. :)

 Science hpmework? Whihc would that be, then? Anything I need to know about?!! Um, very, um, weird quote, btw. Vyer boring day. I have a headache. Very boring. Extremely boring. I have hom,ework to do, but I really can't be assed to do it. I am on a downward spiral again. Oh dear. Never mind.

 Ah, Pot Noodles are so nice. Here comes the quote! "Well I had a Pot Noodle, stayed in and had a biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig wank". - Tim. "The Office" Series One. I have a choice of things to do tonight. 1. Homework (Science) 2. Play GTA Vice City 3. Sit On MSN And Chat Hm, thats about it. I dont have time to do choice 2. While i'm here, Tom is there any way to extract images from Adobe PDF documents? Byedibye people.

 Ah right, posts like that don't show up on the main page because of the spaces but they also mess up the writing box thing. Argh, I really don't want to go to school today!!!!!! Dad is making me an eye appointment, eek. But on the good news I have been invited to join the lower sixth on technology trip!!!!!

 That post I made that was blank apart from the full stop miles down the page.

 Where did what go?

 OI!!! Where'd it go?! I know it wasn't helpful or full of anythign useful, but I thought it summed up today quite well. If this blog isn't for blogging, I don't know what is. Hmmmph. Teenagers these days.

 No, I will not go to tan. But that site I put up was a American one and they should have a tan anyways. No I will not be waxing, I mean like dude, the pain!! I will just put on my dress, get my shoes and bag, try and do my hair poshly and nice make up and have a good time. Brilliant.

 Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow!!! May I just point out though, I willl be looking after my skin but I won't be going to the full extent of having a facial (way too expensive), I won't be having a pedicure (hwo much monye is this gonna cost?!), and I won't be waxing. Guys, if you think we all complain too much about pain, I dare you to try waxing your legs, and see how much pain you get into!! Not a funny thing, waxing. Ooh, and self tan- so not a good idea if youare accident prone (comme moi!)- probably won't be doing that either, unless it washes off if it goes horribly wrong! Anyway, I cnat be bothered really, cos I'm really pale anyway, and I generally can't be assed to go to all the ttrouble. I mean, my mum ends up with orange knees and orange hands and stuff, and at the beginning of May it is blatantly obviuos it is fake! Plus, I look ill (apparently) any way, so people will just have to accept me for what I am!! Nicki, Jackie, (and perhaps even Max??!!), are yoi going to be using fake tan? I know loadsa girls in our class have been on sun beds already, but there isn't a better way to fry your skin than to go on a sun bed, so that is a definite no-no. Anyway, I am just soooooooooooo excited about it all! I mean, for most of us, this is our first real chance to dress up in really posh clothes and act all posh and have a posh meal with our friends and ride in limos and scream adn dance all night wihtout our parents being there! Wooooooooooooohhhoooooooooo!!1 I am so excited!! You boys will have to time it so that we arrive at the same time as you (near enough!), so we can all go in together as one phat gang!! OMG i am so excited!! OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!! Yahhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey! Anyway, over-and-out from Jo-Jo!!!

 urlLink Ladies .

 Will do.

 Well, I think pot noddles ae minging. basically. I agree with Jo, way to violent. It is making a mockery of Christianity. But yea Tom, that guy dancing is pretty amusing. Why is he killing them all anyway? Just to dance? How strange. Anyway, I watched Ryan last night! Yaaaaay! Debut on UK TV!!!!! Waaaaaaaahhhhhhoooooooo!!!!!! He died. That was relaly scary actually because you could hear him screaming and I was like nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. Mind you I actually screamed at one point because the alien dude scared the bejeebus outta me. I'm so silly, I spend the whole program hiding behind my hands. LOL. Now I am off to town soon to go shopping, with Angela and Jo C. Hoepfully. If they turn up. I hope. But first I must go post on el forum. Chal.

 Hey Jo if possible could you send me a email with the french words in it please???? It would be very appreiated ! thanks a lot, cause otherwise i wont be able to do ma homework ! Any way i wen tto the cineam today and i saw 8Mile i thought it was well good and he is well fit in it ! YUMYUM i saw his arse ! hehe toodles

 I take it that means your eyes are okay, if you were watching the smallest thing on the screen?!!!

 I was more interested in the music really. Just watch the guy on the top right, he's got a groove going on over there. I didn't really watch the 'main' part.

 What the hell is that supposed to be about? Looks like aload of rubbish to me (sorry Max), but what is the point? And it is way too violent, if you ask me (which I doubt that you did, but hey). And I didn't find it in the sightest bit funny, was it supposed to be?

 Hehe, I like the Jesus bit.

 I'm, sorry but this movie deserves a whole blog. urlLink Yonkis.com Maddness - it's worth the wait.

 IM BAAAAAAAAAAAACK. Well, this week has been interesting. Been making green sites with Tom, eating pot noodles as soon as I get up, putting myself to sleep with chocolate, flicking water at Jackie and proving to Mr Gallagher that chewing helps me to think. I have also seen a few incredible things like Nicki drinking from a David Brent mug, Andy and Jackie breaking a safety screen and people climbing D-block with hockey sticks (and me falling off and nearly breaking my back). I have just given my parents 20 to go and buy me the DVD Ratrace when they go shopping. So no prizes for guesssing what i'll be watching when I go to bed. I have a few pieces of homework, English, Science, Tech and um, somthing else. I'm not gonna write a long blog, as they get boring. Byedibye.

 Well I have done all my homework (only one piece to do) and watched a film, Cool Runnings. Love that film. LOL. Now I am listening to all these clips I have downloaded from the inertnet. How amusing. Tonight Taken is on so I WILL be watching that. Not that anyone else will, apart from Andy probably. I'm off to town tomorrow with Jo C and Angela to spend my vouchers. Will it be fun? We'll have to wait and see. So, other than that. Chal for now.

 I went to the prom dress shop this moring and tried loadsa dresses on, it was soooooooooo fun! I'm now really excited about it all, but I have to wait till the end of February when she gets all her summer stock in b4 I buy anything. But anyway, I tried on some really pretty dresses and stuff, and it was quite a battle! There was this purple thing that was high at the front, and had criss cross straps, and I got totaly tied up in it, and the shop owner had to rescue me from it, it was quite embarrasing!! But anyway, that's me for you! It was this really nice little shop with posh clothes, no-one in there apart from the shop owner, and she picks out stuff that will suit you, it's really cool! I thik that I'm going to go for a 2 piece, with a full (er) skirt and a boned-top (strapless) cos I tried this purple one on and it looked really good (even if i say so myself!), but it was too big, so it was being held in at the back! I'm going to go back when she has her new stock, and get one in a smaller size, and they do alterations and stuff there. BUT I am sooooooooo excited about it all, it was just such fun (apart from when I got stuck!!). Anyway, I'll stop rabbiting and go and do something useful!! Talk to ya later guys!

 Now, how many of you have ever wanted to know how Cruise Missiles Work? Well I found it along with many others at How Stuff Works ( How Cruise Missiles Work ) and it is rather interesting, everything from cameras to chocolate - a site for looking at when your bored. What have I been doing recenatly? Not a lot really. Just general things that you normaly do in January. I don't really have the energy to blog right at this point in time, and I really don't have a lot to anyway. I want something interesting and exciting to happen, soon - getting a bit bored at the moment. Have a good weekend people. When something happens I will tell you all about it.

 Maybe you s hold get your eyes tested nicki? Cos I had headaches a lot when I was younger, practiaclly every day, and it turned out i needed to have glassses cos my eyes strain too much. And anyway, its probably that you're stressed! To be honest, I cacn't remeber nething about fame Academy (i onl watchewd a few), but i know i wanted Sinead to win, and I don't even remember who Ainsley was! Was he the black dude, or am I getting confuzzled with Ainsley Harriot? Um, dunno! oh, and I have just noticed it is Ainslie. But never mind, can't be assed to chgen it all! I have watched very little tv recently, only on the day i was off ill when I watched MTV and saw TATU's viedo (quite disturbing, not that i have nehting against lesbians, just its a bit disturbing). Anyway, tooooooooodles!!

 Pah. Yesterday was a bad day. I really could not be bothered to blog but I am blogging now so hopefully something I say may get othes to join in! I have a thumping headache btw. I have had all week. In fact its got me slightly worried. I mean, is it normal to have a headache everyday? Didn't Dr Greene on ER have lots of headaches before they figured out, that he, um, had a brain tumour? Crap. But I mean like I wouldn't rule that out! Tumours are cancer yea? Well I think everyone in my family have died of some form of cancer. Pants. What a nice thought huh! Well, on the TV just now they played all the fame acadmey videos. David, Sinead and Ainslie. Out of all three I must say that Ainslie has the best song and the video is quite nifty. It would be funny with Ainslie in the USa, they would not like him! I mean, he sometimes has on nail varnish but I think when performing he has just a hint of eye make up on. Which I don't mind. I think personally that if a guy has like eyeliner on it can make them look quite sexy.... or maybe that is my gothic side coming through. LOL.

 NO-one has blooged today! wOW! i'M THE FIRST! whooohoooo!

 Well yoga has all different levels. From begininger to advanced. I guess when you start it you would feel silly becaause you aren't flexible but I guess the more you practise the easier you will find it to relax and once you relax the eaiser it wiwll be to become more flexible. And at the same time it improves your daily mood and way of dealing with things. :) Good way to chill out too. I'd like to try it actually although i know I said to Tom its silly but I have changed my mind. LOL.

 Go to that flexible club thingy, according to Laura it was good and she's gonna keep going, and there was only a few people there, so it was okay she said! Other than that, I don't wanna sound rude jackie, but where would u put a trampoline? And where would u use it during the iwnter months? And when it rains (whihc is 2 outa eveyr 3 days in the UK!)

 I cant do Yoga ! You need to be flexable for that . lol jokin, i mite give that a try, good idea nicki

 Yoga.

 I dont think i will ever be allowed a trampoline, and the thing is i REALLY want one ! lol AHHHHHHHH Andy and max they ares o evil getting me soaked in water in science, and Andy made me break that saftey screen, fortuanly Mr Moore didnt see ans we got away with it ! oops ! Oh yea does anyone know how i can become more flexable cause i cant even touch my toes ! lol

 Good morning. Sorry, I just wanted to say that. My sister has this briliant radio which you can program as an alarm clock but te groovy thing is if you put a CD in it will wake you up with that CD and the song you choose!! Brilliant.

 Our limo has been left in the hands of Andy to sort out, so I think I might give him a nunge to get it going if people are getting booked up. I will blog more tomorrow, I started to late. But this evening my family and I went to the warehouse theatre for a very funny performance. More later.

 He he he!!! WE have a limo bookedf, and it was affordable!! huuuuuuuuuuuuuge thanks to Natalie on that one! Yeah, i did my own enquiries tonight, i phoned numerous taxi services which had pretty crappy cars at high prices, and i phoned 7 limo companies, 4 of which were already fully booked for May 9th, the other 2 were veyr expensive, and one didn't answer the phone, Pah! But at least we r sorted with it!, and Jackie and NIcki, MY LIMO BUDDIES!!! How exciting! But yeah, I expect by May we will be too vbusy with revisio and stuff than to spend hours trapsing round lookming for dresses. I will get my dress asap, and do jewellery etc at a later date, i thinks! Ooooh, I'm so excited I cant think of nething else to sya, except tiiiiiiiiiiidles people!!

 Well the 'rents can be surpirsing. Maybe if you make a deal or something with them and say that you will try and save up even if yu only contribute a small amount. You never know! Good luck with it anyway :) I hear what you are saying about the prom thing. I mean pople need to book limos now because they will be gone by the time it comes around and I guess it same with the dresses, its best to get them early. I think everyone has just been in a leavers ball mood this week! I guess the phase will pass but it is someting nice to look forward to.

 ahhhhhh my parents ! As you may know i want a trampoline, now i have asked my parents for one as a joint christmas and birthday present. I have alos found one for 355 which is quite cheap for a trampoline, but all i get is No your not having one, No you dont need one and NO YOUR NOT HAVING ONE ! But the thing is i really want one and i know for a fact i would use it alot to practise on :( It is getting me really annoyed and frustrated and my birthday isnt until July ! lol. Anyway today was quite boring and i think i have really hurt my elbow cause when eva i hold something with that arm the elbow really hurts and is very painfull. But maybe im just a wimp ! And about the prom, its AGES away, why is everybody worring about it now? Im fed up of people going on aboutn it and who is going with who, we havent even been told where it is yet we have only heard rumours and stuff, we havent been told by the head of year or anything ! Knowing our luck it wont be where we thin kit is and it wont happen !lol bye

 Seeing as everyone has been talking about the ball for a while now, although not actually in the blog I thugh I would post up a few tips, for the girls anyway: (These are from my sister and from american prom sites I have been on) After purchasing your dress, customise it with a elegant belt or maybe add decoration to teh dress itself depending on your sewing skills. That way, if someone turns up wearing the same dress as you at least yours will be slightly different, if not better. Don't put on bright make up!!! Keep it simple and beautiful. Earrings which dangle usually add to the elegance. According to urlLink this American prom site we should do the following: 4 Months Before Prom... Make a checklist. Find out how much money your parents will contribute. Start saving money if necessary. Pick out that special dress (put it on lay-away if necessary). 3 Months Before Prom... Begin to maintain your hair and nails. Pick out your accessories to coordinate with your dress. 6 Weeks Before Prom... Purchase your Prom tickets. Make an appointment to have your hair, nails, and makeup done. If you are doing your own hair, start trying out different styles. If you have not been asked for a date yet, check to see if the one you would like to go with has asked anyone, or ask a close friend before its too late. You can also go with a group of friends and have just as much fun and sometimes more. Discuss your plans for Prom with your parents. 4 Weeks Before Prom... Start wearing your Prom shoes around the house to break them in. Pick up your Prom dress. If you havent already done so, introduce your Prom date to your parents. 2 Weeks Before Prom... Confirm all reservations and appointments you have made for the day and night of Prom. Take care of last minute details: pantyhose, film, etc. Prom Day Pick up your dates boutonniere. Go to your hair, nails, and makeup appointment(s). Put some extra cash in your purse.

 I though anyway we were gonna go as a group? Even if it were the boys in one car or whatever and the girls in the other? Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.

 hey,hey,hey its crusty the clown here ! lol jokin, so like i said im free pretty much every day for iceskating, i cant think of any days im not and if im busy then i will cancel the planns to come iceskating. But you gotta make sure you leave me enough time to get some money so that i can actually afford to come!!! anyway i had a well boring day today ! A business test that was hard and nothing to do at lunchtime ! :( oh well hopefully it will be more fun tmor !

 Yes I am happy now. Thank you. A few peeps cant come anyway because they are on the skiing trip breaking their ribs and legs. Today has been o.k, I had a business exam, which I predict I got a C in, maybe a B.

 I'm not leaving u out, and anyway, I didn't organise it, MIchelle asked me if Donna and I wanted to go in a limo with her, so we said yes. Anway, I did make a blog, but I could not for the ilfe of me work out how to format it, so i deleted it again! I was ognna try and teach myself HTML or whateva, but I couldn't! Never mind.

 Ah, now you see this is exactly what I mean when I say that I would get left, I already am being left out. People are organizing groups etc.. to go with in limos and stuff yet no one has asked me. I mean I happy to help out organize a little group but I don't want to be like THE one who does. No, I don't think I will go to the ball after all. Has anyone else made any other blogs no wthey have an account? If so what are they and I can link them to your name above instead of email or other sites.

 I don't really want to come ice skating, thanks all the same, its a bit cold for me! Other than that, school has been pretty usual today, um, can't really think of much else to say, nothibg major happened, nothing excisitng happened. nothing really to blog about! Oh, other than Michelle is sorting out our limo for the ball tonihgt!

 Well as I said anyway I am usually free as I don't have much of a social life. The dates I now I am out on are next weekend, March 15th and I am away at half term. That is the best I can do unless you want dates for half term? I leave on the Sunday come back on the Friday. Happy now? And for anyone in the blog or anyone who reads the blog and thinks that the war on Iraq won't happen I will now quote George Best who I think has put this extremly well: I wish all these people who are dithering about whether or not we should invade Iraq would stop wasting valuable oxygen. We will be going to war against Saddam Hussein, it's as simple as that. It's pretty obvious that the Americans have already made up their minds, and I'm glad they have the guts to do it. And it goes on from there. And also please keep in mind that you cannot prepare and prevent war at the same time . [EDIT]I FOUND THE PICTURE! Its a picture of Ryan Merriman an dtis alien kid he tries to save for episode 4 of Taken, he gets killed, they both get killed, in a fire: urlLink HERE .

 Oh dont worry, ignore that section of my last post. I am trying to get an appropriate date for EVERYONE, so if I say, for example, 12th Feb, 3 out of 10 people may come, whilst if a small survey is carried out, then the maximum amount of people can come.

 What the hell are double line breaks? You don't need to post like this. A simple new line is fine and much easier to read. It doesn't take up as much space either. And about skating, just tell me the date your going and I will tell if I can go or not. Its much easier that way. I don't usually go out anyway. I'm not socialble, really. I am out next weekend, hopefully I'll be in Croydon with Angela spending my vouchers. Or maybe I will buy a train ticket and go all the way down to lands End and back.

 Ack ack ack. I'm so bored. Just got back from the IWM which was okay, the bit I liked best was the 'secret war' exhibit about MI5 and MI6, and also the Post 1945 conflicts exhibit, mainly because although i think the wars were terrible tragedies, they don't really interest me all that much, I prefer modern stuff. So yeah, I had an okay day. Now I feel very car sick, and i had forgotten i had so much homeowkr, otherwise i would have done it yesterday and not left it till this evening!! Ooops. Oh well, off to finihs writing baout water boards. What fun.

 Can everybody give me dates that you CANNOT come ice skating. I will work out the most appropriate date for everyone then. P.S: Includes weekends and inset days up til the half term in February. Nicki, did you turn off double line breaks in this blog?

 Jackie, yea lets do that on msn. Max, fair enough but it would be handy if you could post brefly in the future to say 'I may not be on here for a few days' like Jo did earlier and that applies to everyone. Then we know where everyone is and I don't start thinking that this was a waste of time. No Tom I haven't seen LOTR and I don't want to. Oh and please don't write Ryan with " around it. He is a person not someone I have made up so don't talk about him as if he isn't real. And yea he is the Ryan I was talking about. I don't exactly know any others do I?

 I didnt post on this blog in those last few days because I was upset, and not because of Jackie.

 Good effects come with any movie with a big enough budget, you must have seen Lord of the Rings? Is Ryan Merriman, the "Ryan" you kept on going on about on the phone a little while ago?

 hey nicki i see you couldnt get a name for every letter of the alphabet, if you would like to see me do it then i will be glad to do it when we are next on MSN together ! And you wanna get inside my head do ya ? I wouldnt want to, its full of crap and useless information that i have pickeed up in my childhood. lol. Anyway can someone else try and do the 2 questions i set please?

 *Sigh* You know I can't believe you asked that Tom. How many times have I told everyone who he is? About a bzillion. Thsi is just proof that people don't listen to me. Ryan Merriman is an upcoming actor, he has been atcing since he was a kid. He is known at all in the UK. I only know of him because when I went to Florida last year they were premiering a new film of his on zoog disney and I watched like 7 times. It was a brilliant film. So when I got home I looked him up on the ineternet and now I am a solid fan. Happy now or do I have to explain what zoog disney is as well? Armagedon has excellent graphics, it is not a silly movie. Just because something like that hasn't happened doesn't mean it can't etc.. so chil out and just watch it and admire Ben Affleck. Don't worry anyone, you don't have to watch Taken just because I asked people too or the fact that I have been reminding people since a week before the first episode. You are the ones who are missing out on a excellent program, by the makers of Band Of Brothers. No Jackie, you don't have to blog everyday. But it would be handy if people can try and blog at least every 2/3 days. Please. If you could be one person for the day who would you be? I'd like to be Ryan Merriman just to see what its like being him as he is filming a vew show at the moment. Or if I had to be a female it would be Jackie because I wouldlove to get inside her head.... :) Jo, yea you can pay 20. I have another question for you all can you name one boys and one girls name for every letter of the alphabet? A-amy B-belinda C-caroline D-dina E-erica F-felicity G-gemma H-holly I-isabel J-joan K-katie L-linda M-mary N-nicole O-olivia P-patrica Q- R-racheal S-shelly T-tina U- V-victoria W-wendy X- Y-yasmine Z-zaniah

 Good evening. He's just a boy, and I'm just a girl, can I make it any more obvious? We are in love, haven't you heard, how we rock each others world? Armagedon really is pants, and a bit silly. I did not enjoy that movie, sorry. Girls, please explain, why are bras done up at the back, and not at the front? This evening, I went to a rather amsuing performance of Puss in Boots which Jo has been talking about, and it was very good - highly amusing. A few lines where wrong here and there, but it was all a good laugh. Nicki - who is Ryan Merriman?

 hey armagedon isnt pants its well good but i have like seen it 10 times ! lol mayeb i will watch taken i dont know ill see wot i feel like at the time ! I have another question for you all can you name one boys and one girls name for every letter of the alphabet? e.g A- Anna, B- Betty anywho byebye and i love you all lol joking !

 armagedon is pants, i think. Neway, soz but ic ant watch taken either, i'm of to the panto now sweetie! Sorry! Toooooooodles!

 sorry nicki but sometimes i cant be bothered to blog everyday. I dont have to do i? well anyway i ended up going to croydon today with my mum, sorry nicki but she was paying so i went ! and i got some nice boots to go with my nice caot that i got. anyway im really knackered know and i mite go to bed early tonite ! hahahaha not really. So max have u organised ice skating yet? do u know wen we r going? nicki i mite watch taken tonite cause there is nothing on but i mite not cause the is the film armagedon and that sounds like fun to watch. i have a good question for all of you ! If you could be one person for the day who would you be?

 I'm here Nicki! Sorry I haven't been blogging much at all (and I can probably speak for Dave here too), but we have both been at panto every night this week till about 11pm, and by the time I have got home I have been knackered, and not had time to blog! So I apologise for me, and I am betting that David's reason is the same! I actually watched it last night (eveyr other night i have been changing scenery) , and it was hilarious! The Dame (who is always brilliant) messed up the end so much. They were singing this song about 'Where's the Cat' to the tune of Robin Hood, and he came in at the worng time, so eveyrone was singing different things, and then he said " right, after 3" but ewhen he got to 3 they were in the wrong place in the music, so he had to say "4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9" really qyicly, and it was so funny! Also, they got the whoel audience stadnign up and sitting down in time to the music, and some bloke got totally out and stood up at totally thew wrong time on his own, and everyone laughed at him sooooooooooo much! Even the Dame started laughing, whcih he usually doesn't do (they're not supposed to laugh!). Other than that, the usual panto 'hitches' have happened (including the princess not turning up on cue, and then not appearing for a few minutes after that too!), but generally it is all a good laugh and everyone has a wail of a time! I have also made some new freinds, which is rather nice. PANTO PARTY next weekend, guys!" yay! Can't wait! Hah ha ha ha. FREDDIE AND CHIRS. Ahem. Nicki, Are you sure you don't mind if I pay 20? I will pay monday, if that's okay. Yell if it isn't, or whateva!

 Is anyone else gonna actually blog? It would be helpful you know!!!!!!

 Max you are participating more than Dave but you kinda stopped cos of the argument you and Jackie were having. Anyway, its not friday anymore its Saturday. What does that mean for moi? Hmm, homework and cleaning my room which is disgustingly dirty and messy. Thatway I get tomorrow to 'relax' as Goff says. If you didn't get that when I asked her what she up too in the summer holidays it was 'nothing much, just relaxing' then I ask what are you going to do on holiday? 'Relax'. Bless. I am going to Croydon next weekend with Angela hopefully. I have vouchers to spend and hopefully I can get a computer game I have wanted for ages. I prefer games like the Sims where youa ct as god. LOL. Like Rolocoaster tycoon etc... I prefer them than fighting games. I reckon there are way too many of those games out, I mean how many can you possibly make! They are all the same! Your character justs goes around shoots and blows up people. Yea... that is why I like manger type games. You can make the Sims do so many things! You can design your own rolocoasters and see if people like them etc.. Much more mind stimulating I reckon. What things have I got to look forward too? Freddie Prinze Jr. and Chris Klein! Yay. And at half term I'm going on up to Norfolk to see my Auntie. I already know one day we are going up to this posh country club like we did before for a dinner. I love country clubs. they are so countrylike and posh. I already said that but they are. Honest. Where is Jo nowadays? I mean I know she is helping her friend at the panto but now its the weekend! Shes gotta blog at some point, hasn't she? Hey guys, don't forget, 09:00PM - BBC2 - TAKEN . Watch it, please. Pleeeeeeease. Although its episode 4 I am waiting for when my love is in it. :)

 Good evening. How can this be? Why can this be? There is no other way, this can be the only way. IT'S FRIDAY! Come one people! Party! No? I know, it's misserable, it's January, it's cold, it's wet, it's annoying, and generaly, it's shit. There really isn't any other way of putting it. Something to look forward to, I think my mum and I may be going to the lake district in the Easter holidays for some walking, yay! Anyway, blog lots over the weekend, have a good one guys.

 But I am participating. Much, much more than Dave.

 I said to you as I emailed Dave, if you do not participate in the blog before Sunday you will be removed because there are other people I could invite to join who will blog. I had a crap day today and can't be bothered to moan about it right now. I made someone happy today. That is something I am trying to do each day. I will be sending a video to a girl in Brazil. She can't get programs which Ryan Merriemn is in there so I am recording Taken for her so she can watch it. Shes now really happy. And these are some of the reasons why I wish to go to Antartica on a cruise: urlLink 001 urlLink 002 urlLink 003 urlLink 004 urlLink 005 urlLink 006 urlLink 007

 Hello everybody. What was that about people not blogging Nicki? I didnt quite catch what you said earlier. I got the rest of my skiing stuff today! Wheyyyy. I got these dungaree things, they look stupid but they are very comfy!

 Good evening. That was my brother lost in the rubble. That was my sister lost in the crush. That was our mothers, those were our children. That was our fathers, that was each of us. Today was a normal day, for me. Not for others. Poor Jo wasn't a happy bunny this morning, so she went home, and I can't blame her really, the poor thing, being cold and tired isn't nice. I am sure she is nice and warm tucked up in bed fast asleep. Lisa hasn't had the best day as some of you know, but I won't go into detail on here. But, not to worry, because tomorrow is Friday, and also as Mrs Crouch reminded me, we are ever getting closer to February! I really don't know what to say, so if I haven't got anything to say, I might as well just go.

 Ok, I thought it was clear but I obviously have to state it again. To anyonoe who is a friend of mine, I am a good listener. If people ever need to talk weather it be to moan or be angry, cry or just rant and rave I will listen. If they then want an opinion or suggestion on what to do about it I will try. If they want any help, I will try. I seem to have a knack of cheering people up as well which is always useful. And if the thing they rant about or want to get off their chest and tell me is a big secret, if they ask me to keep it a secret I will. i always have done, and I always will. So people, if you need someone to listen I AM HERE!!!! People forget that!!!! Now that is said, my day? PSE was amusing with that homosexual video but when Miss Reid tol dus about that Major from the army coming in to talk to us I was like "YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEAAAAAAAAAAA". Wooooo! Then 2 hours of English back on back, hmm, it was ok I guess. We had to do a mini-presentation on a poem which I found funy in my gorup. I mean Sean and Pat were in it! But I admit it, I do make judgements on labels etc.. no matter how much I tell people not to judge grungers just because of the musi cthey listen to and stuff because I judged Sean on the fact of who he hung aorund and he is a pretty nice guy. I was wrong, I admit it. Then we had lunch which was fantabulous wth our whole blockading the tech block in. LOL. Sooo funny! After lunch what did I have? Sciene! With Mr Gallagher, we made progress today. Now he knows my name...usually its simply 'Michelles friend' or 'Jackies friiend'. Heehee. Then German which is never that amusing anyway. So. Yup. There we go.

 Ahhh, found it.

 I've lost my record book.

 Good evening, I been knocked down so many times, counted out 6, 7, 8, 9. Written off like some bad deal, if you're breating you know how it feels, call it karma, call it luck, I just don't give a I never knew Virgin radio could be so dirty, extreamly dodgy stuff going on at this time, all kinds of things. Tune in after 10pm to 105.8 FM. It is the 16th of January, which means we are half way through the month, which means it's nearly February! At this present moment in this thing we call "time" I am extreamly annoyed with myself, I really don't understand what is going on. Teachers keep telling me that I need some help, and then they decide that I need to work harder and that I don't really need any help, so I have no idea what to do, and it's rather annoying. Jackie, tell all, I do, and look what happens. It is perfectly okay, we arn't exactly going to take the mick or anything, and so what if somebody sends an e-mail? I know people talk about me for different reasons (mainly bad things) but so long as I don't hear it, I don't mind. If I where you, I would get it all out of your system and really go for it. My problem is I never have anybody to talk to, there are so many things I want to say, but I really don't want to bore people with it, but I really want somebody just to listen. I am trying to convince myself of this as well, but here is a theory of mine; You are born, and then you die, and anything in the middle is a bonus. So I am going to live as long as possible, and if I muck it up, oh well, I am hardly going to be regretting it when I am dead because I won't be able to think. Are we all in touch with the news? We are sending the biggest ship in our Navy to join the rest of the guys in the Gulf. The thing that is really annoying me, a question that Charles Kennedy raised, if the USA go to war, but the UN don't - will the UK? I personaly believe that if the UN say we should go to war, then we should "join in" and go along with it, otherwise we are going to be the misserable Brits who don't do anything. However, if the UN say "no" to war, and the USA go to war, we should definatly not go with them. Without UN backing, they are making an offensive move as Iraq haven't exactly attacked the USA. But we don't need to talk about rubbish such as war? We need to be happy and smily, even if we are in tears. I need to dream, and I have just remembered, I haven't answered Nicki's question about honeymoons. For my location, like I said, I really want to be somewhere different and unique. Away from anything else, just completely me, my wife, and nothing else. Perhaps a deserted island? Something with beatuiful scenery, next to a beach, blue waters. For the perfect wife? I am not fussed about looks and colours, blue or brown eyes, dark or light hair, I don't mind, I have the same preferences as most people, big clear eyes that you can just stare into for hours on end. They have to have a good sense of humor, enough to make me laugh, however beable to be completly serious at other moments. She has to like active sports so we can go to interesting places walking and things. I really want to do some back-packing somewhere, like in India. Anyway, I could go on for ages... Life is rather dull, January is always like this, nobody can really be bothered to do anything. Once we get into February and half-term, people will start to pick up again, and then it's home free 'till Easter, then that's it, pretty scary. I am curently sorting myself out for work after I have finished my GCSE (last one is on the 25th June I think) - what is everybody planning to do over the holidays? Remember, you have two months free. Good night all.

 well what a fun day i had today ! 1. boys are assholes, you tell them something in confidence then a couple of weeks later you find out that half of their mates know and possibly half of the school as well. 2. Max your outta order i neva said you could tell anyone bout wot i said and that is why i didnt say anything to anyone else. 3.Im really pissed off today 4.Im not gonna tell anyone anything about how or feel or whats up with me from now on cause it will end up somewhere like an email inbox 5.Is life worth living? Is Ilife worth being born? Is it worth me being around? 6. No one cares about me and i wish i wasnt here

 Hmm. I can see you have put a lot of thought into it. However my thoery seems to work too. I mean, thepeople I care about in the way I think you mean don't care about me in return, someone don't even know who I am or have even heard of me! Now that can get you depressed...or you choose not to be. There are choices everywhere in your daily routine yea? Wheather to get up now or in five minutes, eat this or that, drink this or that, do this or not etc... So if someone doesn'r care for you in return you can either choose to be depressed or choose to be happy and just be glad they are your mate or something. See what I'm saying? And anwsering my own question from earlier: for my honeymoon I'd go on a cruise to the Antartica and my perfect husband? A bit of you-know-who mixed with a bit of you-know-who and then some of you-know-who. Perfect.

 Good evening. Don't point that hamster at me! lalalalalalalala dadadadadadad Today, in my little world, I discovered that being insane helps despression, or so says my camel, Steve. Life is shite. That is a fact, there is nothing I can do about it. No matter how hard I try, no matter what I do, things will always turn out for the worse. No matter how deap my bomb shelter is, or how many weeks worth of food we have. It doesn't really matter how many friends I have, and it doesn't really matter how much I talk to everybody. Nobody really cares about anything anymore, so why should I care about stuff others don't care about? Well I do, because I care. Now, caring about careing sounds a liitle odd, and you are all probably thinking "what is Tom smoking?" but no, I am have a strong theory. When you care about things, you think about them, which usualy makes you depressed. Think about that for a second, if you care you are thinking about it, which makes you depressed, unless you are one of the lucky ones where the person you care about cares about you. But other than that, you get depressed. Now, because you care, you keep thinking, so the best thing to do is to care about caring. Care for your care, keep caring about caring, and eventually you will care for nothing, only caring for others. Does that make sense? Perhaps I should draw a diagram. Does that make some sort of sense? Simply, if you care about caring, you care for all, if you care for one, you only care for one.

 erm hi everyone not much to say but i thought JACKIE must blog so i am ! no i have had some bad newz from a friend of mine but i wont say anything more cause that is just rude ! anyway thats all !

 I'm here ma Chris friend!! I thought I had alread blogged todayt but i just have imagiuned it! Strange, eh? Anyway, i guess thaty's why I'm at home, cos I don't know what I'm doing today! Nah, I did take the day off not because I am ill, but I couldn't face over 2 hours with a certain tecaher, but I can't even remember her name now! Silly me. But anhway, thursday afternoon i will be happy and smiley JO (or as happy and smiley as I get, ha ha), and I will be until parents evening, when meine mutti is gonna turn the tables on that teacher whose name I can't remember, and i don't remember what she said to me yesterday either. It's all done and dusted. So, basically I went back to bed having got up for breakfast, and slept in until about 10am, got up and wandered around for a bit. Had lunch at 12, toastie cheese!!! Um, then did a bit more of nothing, then watched neighbours, then put some very loud Eric Clapton on in my lounge, until my mum came home. She actually suprised me today, cos she thought I was actually ill, wheraas my dad got suss straight away (usually he doesn't pay any attention to my 'illnesses', but today he came to 'chat' cos he knew I wasn't ill). However, he wasn't cross or nething, I just said that I was entitled to take days off now and then, and he said as long as I am not gonna start doing it all the time, like a certain other member of my family. Ahem. So yeah., I oh crap. no. I was about to say I have just come back form my music lesson and am cooking my tea, when I suddenly remeber that I put my potato in the oven, and never took it out again. So I now have a very solid baked potato. Never mind. Charcoal, all the same. Um, and I am off to panto and 7.30, to help shift scenery around! I shall be doing that all thsi week, so I won't be on messengert after 7.30 every evening, nor will I be blogging or answering my e-mails. Just to warn you, in case you think I have all dissappeared. not that ne one would notice, of course. So, see you tomoorrow guys. I think it will be safe to put in an appearance tomoorow. As long as I am not going to be head hunted.

 Well boy did I have a bad day. Although you could say bad afternoon really. The whole us lot getting banned from the tech block has really peed me off, I mean, we don't exactly trash the place!!!!!!! Grrrrr. Where are we suposed to go now though huh? Our old corner? Thats a bit cold and wet. Ew. Fair enough if it were sunny but helooooooo this is england! We don't do sun! Much. Then bloody Chris in english flicking that candy off those candy necklasses thing. He was trying to hit Lee but got me instead an dit bloody well stung like mad. If I had looked up just at that moment it would've got me in the eye. Then when I anwsered Sir's questions and it took like ten minutes just for people to write it down. Geez. Now I am cream-crackered and wondering where our Jo has gone. Jo? Where you ma Freddie friend? And Jackie, I got ma Here On Earth DVD! Yay.

 Hello peeps, I am alive. I do love this time of the evening. My father is sitting in the kitchen with some nuts and a beer, surfing the internet and writing e-mails. My brother is watching some strange programme from the 1980s on the Sci-Fi channel about this guy who can burn things with his hand (ouch?) and my mother is reading the newspaper and drinking her tea in bed - and this happens every single night. What do I do? Well I sit in here and type away on this thing all night before going to bed. This is quite an interesting question you ask of us Nicki, our honeymoon? Well that is kind of asuming that we get married, and having a girl friend in the first place. So in a dream world lets say... First of all, the honeymoon. Well, as much as I loved Paris and other places like Prague, I would prefer to be somewhere unique for my honeymoon. I will explain all in the morning, it's too late. For my wife? Well let me make one thing quite straight, after previous experiences in that line of feild, she has to be more inteligent and an ape. I will explain the rest tomorrow as well. Or I could be gay?

 Ollie has shoved a pen in her leg before... Honeymoon, eh? Hmmm, I think a nice week or two in the Caribbian with you-know-who would be very nice. Need I say more? Cinema. Im gonna have to think about that one. If its going to be organised so late that its gonna be during the half-term, I cant come because I will be in America. P.S: Tom seems perfectly fine. I passed him on the way to geography today, and we both made a strange noise when we passed. Insane as usual. I think he is just doing his homework and coursework, which reminds me....english homework has to be in tomorrow! Aaaaa, look at the time! Byebye.

 awwwwwwwwwwww Jackie that is not true!!!! and anyway, i think Olly is perfectly sweet!! He is the only sane one in that group over there!

 Oliverb oudlin is well evil, he stuck a pen in my back today ! but i suppose i better tell you the whole story ! I mangaed to get his password and was then logging in so he turned my computer off, i did this twice and then it said that contact eh operating person cause his grace log ins had run out ! So he was pretty angry and then he shoved a pen into my back ! it well hurts now ! :( Well slightly later after our lesson i slapped him round the face cause he tried stabbing me again ! hehe well anyway a honeymoon, well no where cause im not ever gonna get married cause no one would eva fancy me or would want to go out with me

 Um, honeymoon would have to be somewhere quiet and romantic, maybe the middle east or somewhere (an Island of Thailand maybe?), as there are clear waters, nice sun, beautiful scenery, and you could just do nothing for 2 weeks or whateva! Would be bliss, I bet! And my perfect man would be tall, dark and handsome, with a wicked sense of humour, kind, inteligent and motivated!! COuldn't stand someone who just sits of hsi bum all day and never does anything! How about you, Nicki? AND answer it with no references to Ryan, Josh HArtnett or Chris Klein!!! Or anyone else famous, for that matter! Pure fiction here, deary!

 Hey Jackie, it's the mother of all stomach aches!!!!! Anyways, Tom didn't blog last night/this morning which is very unusual indeed. He better be at school today or I will get seriously worried. I hope it is simply that he hasn't had the time. So onto maybe more fun topics, if you guys (and girls, heehee) could go anyway and I mean anywhere for your honeymoon where woul dyou go? Ooo, and who would your perfect husband/wife be?

 omg im in sooo much pain i have the worst stomach ache of stomach aches of all times if ya get what i mean ! And the worst thing is i dont know why ! but it really really really hurts. :( Im sure Tom is ok probably gone out somewhere for a couple of days or just hasnt had the time. Does anyone in here want to see 8 mile the one with eminem in it? im organising to go see it so if ya wanna come just let me know ! jackie

 He hasn't really been on MSN all week, nor has he been on it since friday, both of which I find quite bizarre. Also, he usually blogs every day, and I don't think he has been on snooboo for a day or two. Hope he hasn't lost the will to live already, we're not supposed to do that until we actually get our GCSE results. No, I'm joking, where the hell is he? Hope everything's okay. I will come and see 8 mile if other peeps r going too!

 Sorry Jo, had to edit your post to stop it from being bold!!!!!!!! My cat is trying to eat my feet. Silly thing. Where is Tom? He hasn't blogged in a while although I'm sure he will at like one am! LOL.

 The blue writing is a link, for example urlLink this blue writing here is a link to the bbc if u click on it . Does that answer one question? NAd btw, haven't a clue what safe mode is! On the other hadn, it looks like safe mode shows u the HTML of the page, so for example you can see the link written out properly, and each line break has the html for the line on it (minus the space, of course) . I think.

 I did read ya blog nicki its just i thought you were only going for a couple of days ! So there :) How come you have coloured blue writing? nad what does enter safe mode mean? im in an asking questions mood today ! I have been to the tip today ! i was looking for a new home so i tohught that will be a good place to start .lol. joking!! Still no one else answered my question ! :( :( :( oh well i will have to amuse myself !

 Ok, right, here we go: urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN urlLink CHRIS KLEIN and... urlLink FREDDIE PRINCE urlLink FREDDIE PRINCE Heehee, me is so hyper! Anyways, I said before (Jackie you obviously don't read everyones entries!! LOL!!) that I was away for half term! But I am here on Saturday then the next weekend I'm here. Anyone see Taken last night? OMG those aliens were scared me sensless! Especially when one of them ran across the screen. Ahhhhhh, Ryan should be in the fourth episode. Ryan my love, aaaaaaaaaaw. Here is my love: urlLink picture . He is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fine and sooooooo lovely. I am relaly hyper. That and I am putting off doing my history coursework. I don't get it at all and websites are not helpful, they don't have what I need on them and its soo like aaaaaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhhhh!!!!!!! Ok, I need to go and try to do some. Chal.

 S'all good. Freddie Prince Junior, I'm on my way to ya honey!!! Wooooooooooooohhhhhhhhoooooooooooooooooooo!!! OMG OMG OMG OMG. OKay, Sorry. Got tat outta ma system now I can calm down abit. Right right. I've just bought a load of books in a shop in caterham, cos I am gonna try and learn some Spanish before I go on holiday. I bought one of those CD-rom teaching type thingys this morning, but it doens' tell you the alphabet or the numbers or anything as basic as that, so I just went and got an everyday phrase book (typical touristy thing) and a voccab tool book. Whilst I was there I als found the last book in a series of superb books that I have read, and I bought a german phrase book for my trip to Austria with the music department! Das ist kaputt.Look at this: "Eine Ruckfahrkarte erster Paris, bitte" how silly is that? Aking for a train ticket to a place in france, in german. Right. And don't say you can get a train from Germany to PAris, it is a bloody long way and would be a bit silly to do! Spiegeleier mit Zuckererbsen, bitte. Ha ha ha!!Die nummer funktioniert nicht. Ich habe verstopfung!! Ooooh!! I bet you canm guess that last one just by looking at the last word 'verstopfung! Achtung vor dem Hund!!! Mquah ha ha ha. OKay, I'm sorry, I'll shut up. It's just that, well, um, you see............. FREDDIE PRINCE Jnr!!!! and of course, for Nicki- CHRIS KLEIN!!!

 Nicki you really should chew your food ! lol im glad you liked here on Earth i was fed up of not talking bout it cause it is actually a really good film. Half term, when is that? im not doing anything yet possibly cause i dpont know when it is ! hey Max,Nicki,JO,Tom do you lot want to do something in the half term then? Maybe we could go down the park ! lol

 I usually choke on my own spit :) I don't eat much food to choke on! Not much to blog on today. I only woke up about 3 hours ago!

 Chewing food is generally a good idea Nicki. I found that a while ago when I got a slice of salami rammed sideways down my throat. Not funny. Anyway, the London thingy, I would love to go, just my mum won't book it cos she always ends up booking the tickets for things, and she has a lot to pay off on her credit card at the mo, oweing to Chrsitmas and our next holiday and all! Maybe we shoud discuss it? Let me know!

 Am I right in thinking this is a blog where you put down your feelings and stuff that has happened during the day? Yes. That is right. The reason I don't want people slagging each other using the blog is because that is all that will happen. People will just sit here and diss people. If I let you and Max slag each other off now then you wouldn't be talking probably, ie: your previous post. You'd still be slagging each off. Fair enough if people don't get along but slagging each other off all the time isn't gonna help. I should know, just look at Lisa and I! Do you see where I'm coming from? I am putting off my history coursework until tomorrow. Its all confused me, i don't feel we have done enough work on it. I mean for our Vietnam one we did like a terms worth of research etc.. So far we've had what, five/four lessons on it? Well. Tsktsk. And Jo, I relaly hope we can sort out that London thingy. I get hyper whenever i think about it! Heehee. And can we move the Imperial war Musuem trip to the next inset day? Ii am away at half term. Thats a point, what is everyone doing at half term? I'm off up to Norfolk to see my Auntie! Her house is so lovely. Actually, hers and Andy's are simelar! OMG, guess what I did thsi morning. I nearly choked to death [no, seriously I relaly nearly did!] on CORNFLAKES!!!!! That is outrageous! A few saturdays ago I nearly choked on a piece of rice while watching you've been framed and the evening before that I managed to get a chunk of chocolate stuck in my throat. I really should chew my food.

 well im fine thanx, i havent been up to much. This new MSN is wicked i love it sooooooooooooooooo much ! I cant wait until Nicki and co get back so we can tell them how to do it, cause usally they are the ones telling us bout new stuff ! Lol Anyway nothing planned for the rest of the week, so im gonna be pretty bored over the weekend :( But i got the new Msn so it shouldnt be too bad ! Lol toodles

 Well this is fun, no on to talk to... JoJo howz ya doing? lol cant bothered to write anything else. bye

 I'm off to Norfolk tomorrow so if any of ya'll wanna text me feel free! Although its a bit late probably to those off skiing in America, HAVE FUN!!!!!! BRING ME BACK A PRESSIE! SOMETHING REALLY AMERICAN!!!!!! :) Whoever is left to blog over the week you don't have to if you don't wanna. I think its just jackie left though isn't it? No Jo? Aren't you going to france? I can't quite remember.

 well im bored... What you lot doing in the holidays then???? I tried to sniff coke once... but the ice cubes got stuck up my nose. Hehehehe i really like that dont u all think that, oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo just think its just gonna be us girls blogging on here now cause Tom and Max are in America, well not yet they have an 8 hour flight yet ! hahaha gutted bye

 My brother has brought home his report today, and my dad being the man he is likes to read the whole report out loud in the different teachers voices. He does a very good Miss Powel, and quite a good Mr Fowler.

 Right, where did you get that info from Jo? If you got it from the front of that book, then you dont have to do the full course. (Dont take my word for that though). You should only be doing the full course if you have spoken to Mr.Parr about it. If not, complain. Well, this will be my last blog of the week, as I will be going to America. See you folks! P.S: IM GOING OUT WITH NIC.J!!! - I LOVE U!!!

 So you went home even though you weren't ill? --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- My head feels funny tonight. Lightheaded perhaps? Dizzy even? Not entirely sure. Maybe I should eat some more. I got a strange head yes I do, I got a strange head how about you? SIMPLE IRESITABLE. And I don't care if that is spelt wrong!!!!!!! Waaaaaaahoo! I get to go to el Norfolko to stay with my Auntie who is my godmother. I love her house and where she lives. Its soooooooooooooo nice!!!!!!

 Then all of a sudden, a pellet goes flying through the animals head, sending him straight off the fence and into next doors pond. Looking across the garden, Andy is hiding there with his air rifle... Wot a tosspot, killing foxes. Fat Boy Slim is sad, all todays music is rubbish. Even my favourites like Puddle Of Mudd are total rubbish compared with Pink Floyd and other 80's rock. Anyways, Ive got my job as a part time computer engineer! Yay! Ugh, the first task they set me was the one I hate the most. Replacing a hard drive and getting all the damn settings correct.

 I had a close encounter with one of the members of the fox family who live at the end of our garden. I think it was the daddy fox. Anywho, I was in the kitchen and he jumped onto the fence like our cats do as they jump from the drive to the patio. I mean this huge great big fox was on the fence! Amazing creature. He is in really good condition with a fluffy tail and a really nice orangy red coat. And he has huge ears!!! And lovely blue eyes. It was a bit scary when he looked dead at me though.

 hehe wedgies ! Im sorry nicki i forgot and i was having so much fun with Michelle and i was texted David even though he was in the same room and he was trying to text me back but Andy kept nicking his phone!! E is soooo Sexy dont you think ? JO JO? Anyway trampoling was a waste of time cause i only got 2 goes !! And we now have three trampolines. Ahhh everyone was using my phone so i was running out of money on it ! I still have 6 pound left though so its not too bad. Tom doesnt have a skeaky voice its just that he is Gay?? Maybe only joking Tom. No hard feelings? Anyway toodles Or chal as nicki says

 My voice isn't that bad is it?

 That does explain it indeed. I haven't watched any of it yet. In fact I don't tend to watch particular channels, its the programs I'm after. Thinking about it now the channel I watch a lot is E4 with such great programs as ER, Friends, Smallville and many many more. Other than that I don't really have many other programs I watch other than The Royal. How fun. I am writing this at school by the way and Tom has a squeaky voice. LOLOLOLOLOL. That was funny eating lunch o 20 minutes ago as Darren and Jackie kept giving each other wedgies. Sooooooooooooo amusing.

 So Max, you don't like Johnny Vaughan? What about Dom Joly? Good stuff from Fat Boy Slim? Well the channel is designed for 20-30 year olds, so that could explain why you don't like it.

 Max watch your language please. Remeber, please only swear if you are extremly angry or peed off like Jackie earlier with his BS lessons. And I think it is up to Jackie what she does about it. I woudl suggest going to talk to Mr Johnston as he does actually do something about it but its her choice what she does. I just hope it works out for the better whatever happens and that what happens in her lessons don't affect her final GCSE grade. "Halt, who goes there? BAAAAAAAAAA!" That is a quote from a very amusing true film based on the Apollo 11 mission, the film is called 'The Dish'. It is based in Austraila. We have uiton DVD and I think you guys should watch it someday. Put it this way: "Cliff! You just bulls***ed NASA!". Any film which lies to NASA has got to be funny. And anotehr film whcih is the total opposite of The Dish is Drive Me Crazy which I saw in 1999 with Angela. It is a good teen flick, which such lines as: "Well, I guess it's easy to be a bitch now that Brad's availabe again." "It's easy to be a bitch either way." and "Get drunk, have sex, be free... we're the class of '73!" and of course the great "Son are you stoned?" "Dad, wouldn't the correct question be, son are you ill?" along with ""I'm sorry Dave. I would have drove him home but I dunno how to drive a stick." "C'mon baby I'll teach you how....I got a stick right here!" "I meant a real car Eddie not a Matchbox!". HOW AMUSING!!!!!

 I saw the TV listings and watched some of it down my nans, who has freeview. What I did watch of it was a loada *****. Jackie, just complain to the teacher.

 Max, you are not allowed to have an opinion of BBC THREE as you can't actually get that channel unless you got digital in the past few days. It is BBC Choice replacement, it has a couple of the programmes like Liquid News and 60 Seconds from BBC Choice, but also quite a few new programmes. It is 90% British made programming. Also Max if we ski, we all ski together. Ski school is in the morning and afternoon, and if you want to you can ski after that for a little while. The slopes are 30 minute drive from the hotel. I have got 1 dodgy double audio jack and I am trying to buy another one. Don't you ever get bored of watching The Office? Jackie, nothing is going to happen unless you talk to somebody about it.

 Scuse my language but FUCK business... It is so fucking annoying and i wish i never chose it, I have my bag stolen at the end of the lesson by tom greenhouse so i had to go get it, i had my hair pulled bout 20 times and i had my ruler nicked not only that i had my computer nicked and i wrote about 4 lines in the whole lesson. Plus when i went to pupil services some kid had thrown up about 3 times all down the corridoor. NOT NICE It was all chunky and manky but there you go ! Bye for now, i may blog later. And no Tom i havent said anyting to the teachers and i dont intend to.

 Like you say Tom, that bon jovi song isnt bad. There are miles of skiing areas out there......go ride em with fat ****, and I will listen to my music! Basically in simple terms...........listen to fat ****, or listen to Bon Jovi :) dont forget The Office is on at about 10:30pm out there :) BBC AMERICA! Talking about the BBC, that new channel 3 is rubbish! And your opinion is........? Tom, got any double audio jacks to plug into the player for America?

 OOOOOOOOOO lookie. First to blog for today. Well, well, well. Chilli, baby back baby back baby back ribs. And that kinda sums up the day. We repeated that phrase for most of it. LOL. I stayed at school until 5 doing some art courseowrk. But while the teach was working on it for me I cleaned up her side and now it is all nice and neat. Fantabalo. However I did learn today that the RE and German speaking exam clash. So according to Westy those who miss speaking appointments during the exam get to be put in isolation until we have done it so no one can tell us what is in it. Brilliant. I've never been in isolation before.

 I had Kazaa for a little while (1 day) it wasn't really the viruses that I was worried about, but there was just so many adverts and other rubbish it just wasn't worth it. Guns 'n' Roses - Sweet Child of Mine - have you seen the video to that? Haha! It was made when filming the camera crew filming the video was popular, and they all look like they need the toilet, and they all do stupid little dances when they haven't got anything to do. It's on urlLink KERRANG! quite a lot at the moment, look out for it. If any of you have ever wondered how mice find good sex partners, urlLink this is how . Other than that I don't really have a lot to say. Apart from Max, everytime you play You Give Love A Bad Name I will play the Popcorn Dance Remix. Now, You Give Love A Bad Name is a great song, don't get me wrong, and Bon Jovi rules, but I have heard it enough times to last me 'till the Summer. So, Max, this is your warning. You Give Love A Bad Name vs Popcorn Dance Remix. If any of you haven't heard Popcorn, or the remix, just ask for a CD and I will give it to you. It's cool the first time, but after that, it's just pants. I do have another song somewhere which I made with some dodgy music software that I will have to put onto CD for the trip. Hey guys! Are we already for some urlLink Spice ? "All five Spice Girls are reported to be meeting up on Monday for the first time in five years. Some pop insiders are even claiming that the once-legendary girl group will talk about reforming." Own up ladies, who was a Spice Girls fan in the '90s? I know I was! Don't be shy Max... you know those footsteps at the begining of Wannabe bring back good memories.

 ahhhhhh... Life sucks. So bite me ?

 You're mocking me, aren't you? There's a snake in my boot. One minute you're defending the whole galaxy, when suddenly you find yourself sucking down darjeeling with Marie Antoinette and her little sister Pull my string, the birthday party's today? OK, everybody! The coast is clear! You are a sad, strange, little man. You have my pity. Farewell. Its not a laser! It's a little light bulb that blinks. Back! Back you cannibals! We've been detected, the walls, their are closing in! Quick help me prop up vegetable man or will be done for. But look at my little arms! I can't press the fire button and jump at the same. Please keep all arms and accessories inside the car at all times, thank you! Is the specimen ready for cleaning? I'm a married spud... I'm a married spud... I'm a married spud!

 Those 'Simple Minds' tracks are my favourites! www.kazaa.com is where to go for it. I have not downloaded a single virus off there (not without intentionally looking for it!!!) If you havent already got a virus checker, you can download a good one off kazaa (like mine :), or I can copy mine to a cd for ya. (Norton Anti-Virus 2003). My fave guns'n'roses track is 'Dont Cry'. Kewl song. Heavy. I like almost everything 80's. Mostly the pop/rock part. New pop is just a loada bollox (capital fm, kiss, etc are rubbish. I listen to Virgin radio)

 I have to take life more as a joke? Omg. I am not even gonna reply to that. "We say that the time of death cannot be foretold, but in saying this we assume that it is hidden in some obscure moment in the not too distant future, never realising that it has any connection with the day already begun, this very day that is so certain, and has every moment planned in advance." "CARTER YOU DICK!!!!" "Because of you I am still alive, Thank you." "Man, that is one George Michael notch from being gay." "Don't talk to me. You scare the hell out of me." "Good sign. Younger the better. It would be a fucked up God to take down this plane...A REALLY fucked up God." "Well FUCK DESTINY!!!!!!!!!!" "You may not realize it, but we're all just a mouse that a cat has by it's tail. Every single move we make,from the mundane to the monumental...the red light we stop at, or run; the people we have sex with, or won't with us; the airplane we ride, or walk out of...is all a part of Death's sadistic design leading to the grave. " "You don't even want to fuck with that, mack daddy!"

 Jo its Dave D and I don't think its funny. A bunch of year 9's got in so why the hell couldn't our guys? I am rather annoyed at that, I may complain to them. Does bro was in there!!!!!! Geez!!! An dit was the first time Rich had actually come to the cinema with us and he couldn't get in. How rude!!!! Today I still have to do all my homework. I have to write an english essay, anwser around 30 german questions, in german, find music for our english speaking, do some history questions and write up my ROA. Darn it!! Why am I blogging if I have so much to do??? Silly me!

 Well there isnt much to wirte about god damn the stupid cinema ticket operaters how dumb can you be? DAvid looks so like 15 so what were ya thinking??? Anyway im bored and knackered as i couldnt get to sleep last nite as all i could think about was how many differnet ways i can die and when its gonna happen. (I dont usally watch scary films) There is nothing to do anymore and i really need some money ! Im gonna take my birth certificate next time i go to the cinema ! That way i will definatly get in !.

 Dont copy them from vinyl, get KaZaA and download em, you have broadband, so it shouldnt be a problem. Forget the illegalness :) of it because I have been doing it for yonks and the police are after FBI hackers, not general home users. Makes sense. Hm, get some Nickelback on those CD's!!! As well as the Bryan Adams album "Reckless". Some specific Pink Floyd tracks perhaps, loadsa Bon Jovi as well. Tom doesnt seem to know how much I will be plugging "You give love a bad name" on the ski trip......

 How do you know someone has seen Final Destination 2? They msn sign in name is: DEATH IS COMING. lol. Some of us went to see it earlier. Dave, Rich and Max got ID'ed and couldn't in! How rude! There was a bunch of year 9's in there because we saw Doe's bro. That is outrageous. Even Jackie got asked her age. Bless. Anywho, thsi is the review type of thing from the official site, if you haven't seen it and want to don't read, its a spolier, slightly: For every beginning there is an end Final Destination 2, the sequel to the hit 2000 supernatural thriller, finds Clear Rivers (Ali Larter) the only survivor of the crash of Flight 180 left alive. Locked away by her own choice in the perceived safety of a psychiatric hospital, Clear now lives in constant terror that Death is coming to claim her, as it did all her friends. Clear may be considered crazy, but she's not wrong. Death is moving toward suburban Route 23, heading south. En route to a weekend getaway with her friends, Kimberly Corman (A.J. Cook) watches helplessly as a logging truck careens out of control and loses its deadly payload, setting off a horrifying chain reaction that leaves twisted metal and dead bodies in its wake including her own. A moment later, Kimberly finds herself still stuck in on-ramp traffic, with a line of commuters she saw die moments before trailing behind her. It was only a vision. But was it also a warning? Shocked into action, Kimberly blocks the cars from joining the traffic on Route 23 as a young police trooper (Michael Landes) arrives on the scene. The commuters begin to honk and complain until Kimberlys premonition comes powerfully and tragically to life before their eyes. Death tears up the highway in a massive pile-up, with those left on the onramp narrowly escaping with their lives. But Kimberly knows its not over. Death won't be cheated so easily. Now this random group of strangers, who in Kimberlys vision were all meant to die in the freeway disaster, must join her in a thrilling race against time and their own paralyzing fear to do what all but one of the survivors of Flight 180 couldn't stay alive. New Line Cinema presents Final Destination 2, from the same producing team behind the original film, Warren Zide and Craig Perry (American Pie I-III, Cats and Dogs), with Justis Greene (Mission to Mars, Ill Be Home for Christmas) serving as Co-Producer. Noted second unit action director David R. Ellis (whose work has been seen in such films as Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone, The Perfect Storm and the upcoming Matrix Reloaded) directs from a screenplay written by J. Mackye Gruber & Eric Bress, based on the story by J. Mackye Gruber & Eric Bress and Jeffrey Reddick. Returning from the first film are Ali Larter (Legally Blonde, American Outlaws) as Clear Rivers and Tony Todd (Candyman) as the mortician, Mr. Bludworth.

 Well recent posts have been saying something, then on a new paragraph changing subject and thats ok because it works. Its just rather annoying when people press enter as in enter for a new paragraph every time they start a new sentance!! I am in such a good mood today. I'm not sure why. Lots of reasons I guess such as the fact that I am alive, my hair is curly today, its a nice morning, I'm going out with friends later, one week left until half term, my friends in other countries are so lovely, the pictures website has gone well and its all good as the americans would say. Talking of websites, Dave T has given me co-running the Year 11 Party Pics site, its just been re-done so go and check it out, tell me what you think. There are a few bugs we are sorting out though. urlLink Year 11 Party PIctures!!!

 have fun max ! I liked them seats they were cool, but i know what you mean we didnt need to buy any new ones cause we got hundreds of chairs anyway! Nicki have you stopped us doing paragraph things like when i press enter once? Its getting on me nerves... ahhhhhh Cinema only 3 hours and counting Well i gotta go and have a shower and make myself look good bybye

 I didnt think much of the new seats. Ok, so they were slightly more comfortable, but they didnt need to buy them. I dont blog too often because there is nothing to blog about, I tend to say my own opinion on what someone has said (like i just did above). I got one valentine card, from Nic.J (can tell by the handwriting). I will blog once every two or three days, as there is no need to blog everyday. I just come on sometimes to look at recent posts. The film will be good tomorrow, but I need to walk to Daves first (cant b assed to get the bus!) YAY! Then on Sunday i'm going bowling/croydon with Nic.J!!

 Hello? What? Why did I block you? I didn't!!!! I haven't blocked anyone! I agree, people need to make the effort and blog. Even if you don't write loads at least write something!!!!! I'mtrying, Jackie is trying so come on Tom, Jo and Max, blog!!!!!!!!!! I didn't get any cards either not that I am bothered because I personally think v-day is a load of cobblers! Its just another excuse to feel special and for people to make money. So for people who don't get anything its worse. :( Anywho, I can't wait for tomorrow! I will probably hide behind someone during the film, I'm sure i'll get scared I always do when I see horror movie type of things! What did ya'll think of the new seats in assembly? Snazzy!!!!!!

 What a crap day, not one valentine day card :( Not even from you know who :( Oh well its the cinema tmor so thats somethin to look forward to oh well bye nothing much to chat about Someone blog for god sake this blog is getting well boring now i seem to be the only chatting on here ! Im soooo bored there is nothing to do and Nicki why did you block me?

 well im not bored with the blog its just nothing is happening at the moment so there is no point blogging. Valentines day tmor !! Why do we have it and Who invented it ? Cause it is a wierd day if you think about it. Anyway im looking forward to the cinema ;) bye ps That was a short blog wasnt it hehe

 Dave T was kicked off long ago. He only blogged like three times. If you find it boring then don't post and get removed. I however don't find it boring, okay so conversation slows down but it will with anything wheather it be a group blog, single blog or forum. I have my new glasses. Its very strange wearing them!!! I tyink they suit me and I think they make me look a tiny bit more intelligent!!!

 Has Dave.T been kicked off? I gathering so.

 It was a story a teacher from my juniors school use dto say that she was in a feild, lost her car keys, asked God for them, looked down and there they were. There is also the story of the onion but I won't go into that now. I don't know why people aren't blogging, Tom has already he is busy so fair enough but Jo hasn't said anything so I may have to email her a warning saying that she needs to blog soon. I went to the careers convention at school earlier. Very helpful it was!!! I was chatting away to the lady at the army desk for about 20 minutes!!!!!!!! Then I spoke to the RAF for a while. Fantabulous.

 right im confused... What are you taking about and how come no one seems to blog at the moment?

 Hehe, I heard about that story from Andy. I also heard about a certain domesticated woodlouse called 'Doofus' or somthing. Fish food. Nicki, episode 5 of The Office is the best in the series, they all get drunk down the nightclub :)

 So I was in a field with many a clover around me and I had lost me car keys so I asked for them and there they were before me. Amazing. And if you wnet to my junior shcool and had Mrs Bishop you will know what I am going on about.

 I either have nothing to blog about or I am too busy too blog. Anyway, got lots of work to do tonight.

 And I'm the second to blog. I'll be in tomorrow guys, lets throw a party! I'm in a peppy mood because I watch 'Bring It On' earlier, oh, btw Max I also watched the first 2 episodes of The Office. we've got the might, we're ready to fight W-I-N we're always ready we're solid steady W-I-N!!!!! don't you think we should have a cheerleading squad at school? we soooo should.

 omg im the first to blog. hehehehehe im at school atm ! in a business lesson how cool... I hate business but anyway betta be off bye

 I do listen to you but like i said you hadnt organised a time or anything and when i wanna see a film i want to see it and not wiat until 4 weeks after it has come out. And i dont commit myself to just oging with one person if i get another offer then i will go, i went with darren. Maybe you should set a date early then i wouldnt have gone to see that with darren i would of seen sometihng else. You gotta get in tehre early with me cause i go to the cinema all the time even if there is only me and darren.

 I'm suprised no one else has blogged today. Shocking. Max, that is short sighted I believe where you can see things up close but have trouble with things far away. Which is ok for driving I guess, not that any of us can drive officially yet. Actually I'm really annoyed right now, I know that a number of you went to see 'Catch Me If You Can', I am led to believe Jackie and Jenny went. Thank you both of you, I guess people really don't listen to me, I'll repeat what I said to you both in January: 'I want to go see Catch Me If You Can, shall we go together in February' and you both said 'sure'. Thank you, you have both just proved my point on how no one listens to me .

 talking about RE (Ms Auld is a RE teacher) and she was sooooo enthusiastic about it my mum and I both kept on looking at each other smiling because we where both thinking the same thing, she wants some good grades in her department. Same for Mr.Hanson. Its like "oh, how is he doing in the I.T". Hehe. Who do you think you are most likely to stay in contact with after we leave school? Probably Andy or Dave, Nic.J as well. Ive forgotten what kinda sight ive got. I can see close up things easily, but looking far away looks really blurred.

 Who do you think you are most likely to stay in contact with after we leave school? That depends on what I do when I finish collage or uni. If I join the army then I would probably only keep in contact when I get leave etc... But other than that I like to think I'd keep in contact with Jenny, and Andy. I had my opticians appointment today. very scary stuff. I am long sighted and have to get some glasses for doing school work etc.. They should arrive in roughly a week they said. The glasses are pretty nice. I think they make me look intelligent, ish. I am feeling relaly left out at the moment from our group. I know I am ill and that I couldn't go out even if someone asked me because I don't want to make my cold worse but no one even invites me anywhere. Although i must hand it to Jackie, as I talk to her now on msn she is inviting me to a film. I think.

 Well i didnt meet either of my targets from last year in fact i have got worse, and Tom at least you didtn have miss auld moaning at you saying how bad you did in ur RE test ( I got an F). Most of my grades from last year have gone down but i beleive that is cause last yea it was what we were attaingin in lessons not in bloddy exams when your under pressure ! I think these acedemic review days are a total waste of time espically for ur parents cause most of the time they just sit there and dont acually say anything unless they have a load of questions to ask. I got a phone call half way through my interview but me being good ignored it ! This years targets are to improve my science result to a B and to make a Structured revision plan and STICK to it ! lol Sod both of those targets ! Anyway enough said about bloodly school, i went to the cinema today to see catch me if you can, no offence nicki but it was quite boring although the storyline was good, it lacked action in my opinion but some films are like that so im not gonna complain. Question for you all : Who do you think you are most likely to stay in contact with after we leave school? For me probably Darren buts thats cause we live so close to each other Anyway byebye

 Can't remember last years targets, and I can't remember this years targets. So good luck getting those sorted then. We spent 10 minutes talking about AS/2, how my GCSEs are doing, which subjects need what doing to them and then we spent the other 10 minutes talking about RE (Ms Auld is a RE teacher) and she was sooooo enthusiastic about it my mum and I both kept on looking at each other smiling because we where both thinking the same thing, she wants some good grades in her department. I think I might just write "Jesus" 400 times on the exam and see what happens.

 I met, ready, both of mine! Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!! Now I basically have to attend maths and IT revsion clubs along with textiles and art clubs AND other revison clubs including science. Argh! When will these clubs end? Especially as they haven't begun! Anywho, right now I am multi-tasking!! I am writing a blog here, writing a blog for my austrailan type o one I am on, talking to 2 people on msn, watching last nights ER for the second time, drinking a chocolate milk shake (and may I say how marvelous it is) and wiating for a text. Ooo! I texted Paul (aka the Walrus) earlier saying 'aww bless, hes cute even when he is talking to his form tutor'. But I cunningly text him when he went in for his talk thing! Mwahaha. Bet he didn't have his phone with him. Mind you, you'll only understand that last line or so if you post on the snooboo.com forum. I am trying my hardest to be in a cheery mood and it seems to be suceeding, even though I'm ill and I wil keep reminding everyone of that until I get the sympthay I want. LOL.

 I had met one of my targets from last year, which was to improve my maths. My other target was to get the science grade up. Didnt acheive that. This years targets.... 1. To sustain the maths grade 2. To get grade up in science 3. To continually read books for English *Sticks finger up for No.3*

 I have got no idea who the first person on my MSN Messenger list was. What did I do today? Cleaned cars - do I have to go into detail? Yes? Okay... We cleaned cars to raise money for our trip to Brazil in 2004. Sarah, Sophie, Law, Christable, Helen, Andy, Owen, Matt and myself. Neil didn't turn up, well he did at the begining for his meeting and then went home. We cleaned lots of cars and got very wet and cold, but it was good fun and it will be worth it in the end. According to researchers, people bring good fortune on themselves by following four basic rules: maximising opportunity; acting on intuition; anticipating good fortune; and taking an optimistic long view of life. Ha.

 Who was the first ever person on your MSN contact list? Dave T. What a wonderful day I have had since this morning. Althugh I am still as ill as a foot and mouth ridden cow I have survived the day to London, thank God for Lockets!!! Ah dudes!!!!! It was soooo much fun! Me and Dave had a good laugh and our seats in the theatre were excellent, about 6 rows from the front. the show itself 'Contact' was excellent. The lights, stage, script, costumes, dance was brilliant!!! I have found a new found love for a) going to the theatre and b) swing dancing. Fabbo. Now I can't wait for 'This Is Our Youth' Jo, now I know more of what to expect at a theatre I am not as nervous so: FREDDIE AND CHRIS!!!! WAHOOOOOOOO!

 erm i have no idea i think it was you max ! But im not sure might of been Nicki. How did everyones interview go? Mine was good but i got moaned at cause i didnt do very well on my RE test and also i hadnt met any of my targets from last year.

 Question everybody. Who was the first ever person on your MSN contact list? Mine was Dave Dodson.

 Tom, grow your hair. I would like to see what you look like "Sam McEvilly" (sp?) style. :) At the moment, my only letdown is a huge ulcer on my tongue. I bit it in english the other day with a loud "crunch". I cant eat at all. I dont get hungry. Oh well, saves on the shopping bill at least.

 Tom, your hair. I think, from my fashiony designery point of view that you should go for something different. Perhaps get it highlighted and than the sides a bit shorter than the top then you can do a bit of a mohegan (sp?), a bit like Joe Armfeild, perhaps. I had the worst night last night. I woke up at midnight because Dave text me damm him!!! 4am and 6am. I ended up getting up this morning at 8.30am. Darn it. If we were at school today I would not be going in I tells ya. I have a bloody sore throat, a stuffy erughy nose, stuffed ears (everything is muffled) and I am cream-crackered (knackered). Argh, I hate bing ill but I am going out today anyway. Lets hope I don't cough or anything too loudly in the theatre. LOL. Have a fun academic review day everyone.

 Hair. How shall I have my hair? I am growing tired of my current style, I want something new. Having your hair the same every single day is getting a bit boring, some people have never changed their hair style since year 7! Not metioning any names *cough* David *cough*. So guys, how should I have my hair?

 My day today: ok bearing in mind I am ill with a sore throat that is murder to me. Anyone notice how I've been strangely happy though? I don't just spend my days depressed etc... Well I think I have figured why! I have been wearing this necklcae which is a happy face which I got free as a gift from the Hard Rock Hotel I stayed in. I'm always happy when I wear it. Check my hotel out urlLink here !! Its was so awesome, the swimming pool has an underwater sound system and every few nights they have like a DJ at the pool or a dive-in movie/concert. They showed Harry Potter when I was there. Excellent. Love it!!!

 Digital TV Max! Get with the times...

 BBC Three? Normal channels or on somthing else?

 urlLink This is Big Brother. The application process for Big Brother 4 is now closed. Ladies and Gentlemen, prepare your selfs for another summer of complete and utter rubbish. I'm sorry, but the first time was quite interesting. It was new, it was a bit of a laugh, it was okay - but this is getting silly. Please, not another summer of strange freaks in a house trying to prove them selves to be somebody they are not. It ain't good TV anymore. What is good TV? Well the new channel BBC Three is sounding quite a good idea. Fat Boy Slim is having his own programme, should be very good. BBC Three's indents are made up of this strange creature called Blob (the guy on the left) - it's a bit odd, but if you want to watch the indents, there are urlLink available here . Clip 3 is a bit dareing, and the BBC will probably get lots of complaints, but never mind. Anyway, if you are interested, BBC Three launches on Sunday 7th February 2003 at 7pm. Unfortunatly nothing exciting is happening to my life, it just seems to be everybody else with the "fun" (as they call it). So I really haven't got anything to say, I might as well live in a ditch. However, we do have something to keep us going... four day weekend! but I am washing cars for money to go to Brazil! So it's all good really. Jo, you asked me about the different sized text? I have made you all a little guide to explain size etc urlLink here . Any other questions, just ask! G'night peeps!

 I will, I will!

 under my bed is an extra matress and that is it ! Orange chocolate tastes like poo ( no i havent eaten poo but thats wot i think poo tastes like ) Anywho my sister is fine and she is back home and no damage is done except that she is in a bit of pain. Anyone want to help me kill mr Gallagher?

 What's under your bed? 3 boxes full of junk, a keyboard, my 6 in 1 hair straightener, and a bin. I watched 'Round The Twist' this morning on BBC2 at 8.00am. I love that program, the newer ones are better I think. Although the old ones are funny in the sense that the Pete characters says 'mate' an awful lot. Perhaps he is related to Mr Dicks? Talking of Mr Dicks him and Westy have taken all teh text bokos leaving Mr Bradwell or whatever his name is 2. LOL. How amusing.

 5x PC Magazines, MSDOS Book, carpet, empty pringles pack (sour cream and onion), empty virgin coke bottle, 1/2 a ham sandwich (about 5 weeks old), AOL trial cd.

 What I found under my bed in no particular order; two different socks, a pencil, a golf ball, two small bits of string, a mars bar rapper with a sell by date of March 1999. What's under your bed?

 Ah Jackie pte you made it into blogger today! Brilliant! Well I hope V gets better whatever is wrong with her. I am also fed up because i am getting bullied in my business studies lessons and it is getting me down but it will NOT DESTROY ME ! My life will go on and i will get them back ! Yea! Good for you! You don't need them to be mates with you, you have us! Yay! Anyways, if you hate your BS lessons that mcuh because you don't to people or you don't have like us to mess abut with at least thataway (I found this in textiles) you concentrate on your work more so you'll get better grades without even realising it.

 Moi? i make you giggle ! hehe i seem to have that effect dont i? anyway what to write? Well im unhappy to say that my sister is in hospital at this moment in time because she hurt herself earlier today on the trampoline. I dont know what exactly is wrong with her at this time so please dont ask ! What a happy day. I am also fed up because i am getting bullied in my business studies lessons and it is getting me down but it will NOT DESTROY ME ! My life will go on and i will get them back ! hehe Anyway toodles

 Yah Tom, very amusing but what is eveyrones obsession with keeping this all happy and clappy? LIFE ISN'T ONE BIG SING-A-LONG!!! I know talking about war etc.. isn't happy but it is now and it is to do with us, with our generation. If we all posted everyday going on 'o wasn't this lesson wonderful, I learnt so much! Lunch was funny' etc... then it would be so boring! And I mean BORING. Whereas at least with this we can also have a good debate and not just a silly argument. Now where is Jackie, I want her posting, she always makes me giggle...

 Isn't this a happy blog? What we need is a sing song! *takes breath* and a one, and a two, and one, two, three *gun shot*... ...ouch

 I know you hit me deliberatly around the head, that is why I said 'a reflex action for you hitting me delibaratly around the head' . Yea I said stuff but that is because of your attitude to this. After a few days I'm sure I'll stop, I always do unless your Lisa. Fair enough if you have been brought up like that but just because thats how your parents act doesn't mean you should too. You know you are your own person, not just some clone of others.

 Ah, now Nic is a person I love, you are correct in assuming I will be very upset if something like that was to happen. I did not know the people in that shuttle, so ok, my deepest sympathy goes out to their families. The space program can go to hell, what is the point in bringing little insects like mice into space? I have been brought up not to care about much, i.e: I have had to sleep in a broken bed all my life apart from when I was in a cot or whatever it is called. I am told to shut up and put up about it. I have to live with that sort of attitude, so I personally grow up with it. In case you are wondering, I hit you deliberatly around the head because you had constantly been talking about me in science and playing some card game and saying "Max is the arsehole", not forgetting you threw that thing that Andy had twice at me.

 Actually, you will only be removed for the following reasons: If you use a large amount of swearing for no apparent reason You are quite blantently aggravating people, on purpose You don't post at all over a period of 2 - 3 weeks even after I have emiled of reminded you to blog Just because I disagree with what you said doens't mean I'll chuck you off. I'd like to hear what other people think on it. By the way Max, I didn't mean to kick you earlier it was a reflex action for you hitting me delibaratly around the head. So what would I like your views on? Well, I found out late about Columbia and when I was talking to Max about it all he said was 'o well shit happens'. I find that very disrespectful and rude. Its isn't everyday a space shuttle which was on a very important mission is destroyed and its crew killed. I could understand if it were a car accident because they do happen everyday. Put it this way Max, (and to Nic or anyone else I don't mean to upste you or be rude) if someone you cared about, ie Nic, was killed weather it be a car accident or not you would be extremly upset and greviving and would not want people tos hurg and go 'o wel;l, shit happens'. Thats like saying it doesn't matter. Ist like their deaths don't matter, or the crash itself doesn't matter. What about their families? 4 of them were married, what about their children? They have to grow up without a dad and that is something extremly hard to do. Then theres the space program itself, that will be put on hold now for a long long time. There are people in space now from Russia. The space station, also a very important project, what will happen to that? This has an on going affect, its isn't just 'shit happens'. Argh, why don't you guys think before you say things? -edit- Excuse me Jo? How can you come on here saying how all we talk about is depressing stuff when throughtout today and past week or so whenever I talk to you your always depressed! And you never give me a reason either! "You can't go around being all depressed all the time, life goes on" ha, thats a bit rich isn't it. I thought we were good frineds, so how come you never talk to me.

 I would just like to point out Max that BBC News is paid for by you because you own a TV Check mate... mwhahaha Not quite. I didnt say anything about TV, I was refferring to newspapers. But what you said is still true. This will probably be my last blog before Nicki chucks me off!

 I would just like to point out Max that BBC News is paid for by you because you own a TV Check mate... mwhahaha I have newspapers starting from the year 2000 till present day of all important events, local and national - such as Prince Charles riding the tram! Silence... Found this from an amusing article called 'How to... study' in yesterdays Gurdian. "Studying is copying things from books, and revising and highlighting the nouns what you have copied. But remember, your teacher probably wrote the book you're copying from, though when you've reduced his life's work to one noun, he might not recognise it." urlLink How to... study What did I do today? Well this morning myself and Andy went skiing! But just before that we played with his ferrets, they are soooo smelly! But quite cute. The skiing was very good, soon as Andy worked out how to turn he was fine. Then this evening my family and I went to my grandparents for a meal and to talk about stuff such as house prices. Did you know that a 3 bedroom house in the year 1976 was 17,000? How much did your last car cost? Crazyness. Anyway, my view on war if it has been said already there is no need to say it again. But seeing has everything has been said I want to say, I bid you good night and sweet dreams - I'm going to have a bath.

 Yes agree with what you are saying nicki but do you not think that they go slighly over board, I know septer the 11th was a very tragic day but do we still need to read about it in the paapers for the next month? I think not all that does is put us in bad moods and makes us afraid of going out, just think darren was in america when that happened ! Here you go nicki it is back again for ya !

 Now isn't this good, we are having a constructive debate nota argumentwhere peopel insult each other while swearing. How nice this is. Perhaps they do go overboard but things like the recent Columbia crash will affect many things, like September 11th. War on Iraq will constantly be in the papers like it is now I guess but that will have a lasting effect. Some people like myself, like to read everything that happened ie: minute by minute, others don't but they have enough there for everyone I think. Plus your point about darren proves how its godo to know what is going on. Say your sister was in New York when that happened you'd want to know, even if you knew she was ok, what was happening and what was going on. So they are goo din that sense but yes, they do have it on the front page longer than people want to see it. I see your point. -edit- Jackie just deleted her last post which this was replied to

 im not gonna say anything more now

 ahhhh

 I agree Jackie, they do print more 'amusing' stories, or a wider range anyhow. I read the Daily Express. But when something like September 11th or the Columbia tradgey occurs I tend to read the Daily Express, Telegraph etc.. I also keep the papers for that day. I have about a bzillion from September 11th, ranging from the actual day to about a week after, including an OK! magazine. I also figured that when I'm like 70 or someting (if I live that long) my kids / grandkids may be taught about it and I can say 'weel lookie here kiddo'.

 I couldnt care less if "shit happens" was written all over my gravestone because I will be dead and won't know anything about it. The 7 crew members were going in NASA's oldest shuttle and knew their lives were at risk. People die all over the world every day, so what so different about 7 extra people? That is my opinion, I will say nothing more. I dont read newspapers, whats the point in paying when you have urlLink http://www.bbc.co.uk/news ?

 I read the sun, and dont start going oh but thats a load of crap casue it isnt, yes it may not be wot u call a "newspaper" but its the one i read, it has all the normal stuff others have in it so dont say bad things about it. I cant be bothered to read the Telegraph and papers like that because they are so boring, they only write about very important stuff and dont write about some of the more funny news reports. ok !

 Jackie, what paper do you read?

 hello, sorry ihavent blogged lately, but im glad you all noticed ! To be honest with you all i reakon the newspapers just print the stroies to get attention, they arnt in it to deliver us news they are in it for money-- How discracefull is that? And to be honest why do they have to print about 12 pages all about how it crashed, why it crashed, when it crashed, who was in it, why they were in it, how their families are coping, pictures of it ( how rude is that) and then not fogeting they then write most of it all over again the next day. I used to read the newspaper every day with out fail but now i tend to read it if there is something good on the front page and then i only read half of the paper cause they write a load of shit in it ! What is the world coming too? Any way sorry bout my rant there just letting off a litlle steam, and id like to say im going naked to the ball ! bye

 I'm sure Jo is fine, didn't she go to see Chicago yesterday with Donna? A highly amusing picture of Andy. I really can't get over how gay the Daily Star is. Every newspaper I have lokoed at today has the space shuttle on the front weather it be the picture of it breaking up or the crew but its there, theres a story, they are remembering. What does the daily star have? Zoe Ball and Norman Cook. Bloody outrageous and very respectaful. I may write and complian or email the bbc with my view.

 Where is Jo? She is normaly online at this time - hope she's okay. Anything I would say about the space shuttle has been said already, so I won't bother to comment on that. Today I went shopping! I bought this really massssive scarf which is nearly as tall as me! I bought some underwear, some cosmetics, and had a good smooch around all my favourite shops - didn't buy an aurful lot because I don't have a lot of money at the moment, especily with a holiday coming up soon. I have been talking to Andy over MSN for the past few minutes, so here is a screenshot of Andy, wearing a pair of breasts:

 Space Shuttle Columbia destroyed, crew of 7 dead. Returning from a 16 day mission. Debris scattrered over Texas. A terrible tragedy for America and the space program and what does Max say? Shit happens. In that case if you ever die in a car accident or any other way what will be said on you gravestone? Shit happens. That is so inconsiderate. So fucking rude.

 Well I haven't done much at all today. I have been discussing purchasing a domain which I will be doing so once our exams are over. I have been trying to find, which I now have, a padded envelope to send a video to Brazil. I have annoyed someone in America. Oops. I have also, shockingly, tided up my room! dear god what is the world coming to when I tidy my room! Now I must make a start on my IT coursework after I change my 4 calendars over. Lets see, February: Josh Hartnett, Tom Welling, A1, Buffy. WAHOO! Don't forget Taken, 9.00pm, BBC2, Ryan's episode tonight.

 I'm going shopping now peeps! Toodles woodles poodles!

 LOL neva mind Tom at least you had half an hour ! I cant believe how tired i have been lately ! So much sport and so little time to do it in ! There is nothing to write about now it is sooooo annoying cause i always think of stuff just as i go offline and then by the time i come back on i have forgotten what i had tohught of ! LOL bye

 At least you got told the clocks went forward! I didn't know. Andy picking me up to go clay peigon shooting at 9:30am. Right, so if I get up at 8am, that gives me plently of time to eat, have a shower and perhaps make a start on some homework. Did that work? No! I woke up at 9am (8am GMT to what my alarm was set) and I had half an hour to do everything in. Crazyness. Anyway, the clay peigon shooting was brilliant! I did actually shot a fair few, but that shotgun does kickback quite a bit. Spent the rest of my day doing maths coursework, oh how exciting.

 wtf you guys on bout? im confused ! And i would just like to say i am really tired, some birds woke me up at 4:30am this morning, no make that 5:30 cause of the clocks going forward ! God birds make a lot of noise. ARGH Bye see ya guys and gals tmor

 ARGH! JO JUST READ WHAT TOM HAS PUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its SRC not SCR which is what you put!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You need SRC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGH!!!!!

 You typed the wrong code, it's 'src' not 'scr'. Think of it as source- src.

 COURSEWORK DEADLINES SUCK Jo --> I have text you, in fact I text you about 9 or smething this morning. Fine, about 10. An dyou still havemn't text back and I am getting reeeeeeeeally stressed out now because until someone anwsers my damm question I can't do any more of my history homeowrk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So could you or someone else please anwser me: WAS KERENSKY A BOLSHEVIK.

 You have to upload the picture to the internet. Use urlLink snooboo.com Files (login at the bottom) to upload your picture, then use this HTML in the blog... &lt;img src=&quot;http://files.snooboo.com/[picture name goes here].jpg&quot; alt=&quot;Picture Name/Description&quot;&gt;

 I got the photos back from when David D and I went to Andy's last weekend! urlLink Hehe. Make sure you see the lawn mower one!



 Gunshot as you are more likely to die quickly so it wont be as painfully, plus there will be less blood as a knife is sharp and it is worse. So there byebye

 Just popping in to get the conversation moving a bit: Would you rather die from a gunshot or a knife wound?

 Well ok ill wrte something for u guys to read ! Tmor is my final assement day for my PE, i have got to do a swimming and rounders assesment, the swimming involves me swimming up and down a pool showing off my front crawl, back crawl and brestroke ! I have to also make sure i do the correct turns and the correct entry into the pool. The rounders involves me hitting, catching and bowling a ball ! Wow wot fun ! But becuase of this it means that i dont have to wear my school uniform all day and i get to miss french and science ! yippii, the bad thing is i will be doing around 3 hours of sport tmor cause we also have PE last ;lesson ! argh. On friday i also have my Trampolining assement which will be good cause that is the only one im good at ! Oh yea do any of you guys/ gals know whether we will be having good weather over the weekend? please say we do if not i will have to pray to the weather gods ! lol toodles

 Well this is pretty exciting blogging!

 I have nothing to write about ! bye

 Hello.

 It is a pretty cool room, one of the best teachers and it's the biggest room. I have cleaned up some of my New York photos that don't look crap because I used a film my brother hadn't re-wowned properley so I used it. You will see white things and parts of buldings and coaches in the background of the photos, and I have taken out the horrible bits. urlLink Here they are. All rubbish, but I tried.

 lol, tom i love business studies now ! It was well funny today, i kept going back to my room to have a go at mr Boadu, hehe, he was getting annoyed at me ! I love to wind him up !! hehehehehehehehehe Tom your room is so much better though, i will keep visiting you every lesson ! love y'all guys jackie x x x x x

 Well it was't some builders either. It was Transco (the public gas company). There was a gas leak so they dug up the road and stopped it, fair enough really.

 well... im bored. Nothing to write about so bye

 Well it wasn't the council, it was a load of builders doing up somebodies drive way.

 Right, this is just stupid. Some stupid nutter is doing road works at the end of my road, and it's quater to 1 in the morning! I am going outside to have a look... ..I think it's Croydon Council, but really, why now? There are other through paths, you really don't need to be digging up the road at this stupid hour. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr

 P.S: Tom, I will be probably wearing my dinner jacket.

 Tom, I got a screenshot of the original page saying Andy got off with Dave :) Well, well, for those who are actually interested, here is the FULL specifications of my new PC: Pentium 4 3.18Ghz (Overclocked From 2.66GHz)(533Mhz FSB) 512MB DDR266 Memory (Dual Speed Memory) GeForce4 Ti4200 128MB (AGP 8x)(W/Video Out) Graphics Card (Overclocked) 52x24x52 LG CD-RW Drive ASUS P4G8X Deluxe Motherboard 160GB Serial ATA (150MB/PS) Hard Drive ('Striping' RAID Configuration) Creative Sound Blaster PCI128 Sound Card Diamond Pro-Media 3D SubWoofer Sound System 6x USB 2.0 Ports 2x FireWire IE1394 Ports Dell D1226H 19" Monitor (1600x1200)(120Hz Max Refresh Rate) Microsoft Wheel Mouse Optical (USB Connection) Some Shitty USB Keyboard D-Link DRU-350C WebCam Logitech WingMan Extreme Gamepad Alcatel SpeedTouch USB ADSL Modem NetGear EN104TP Four Port Ethernet Hub (10MB/PS) Microsoft Windows XP Professional Microsoft Office XP Professional

 Hehe

 ----------------PRESS RELEASE---------------- Andy did not get off with David Thomas it was just a "joke", but somebody took too seriosly (i.e. Andy and David)

 Okay ya'll. Due to me being extremly busy at the moment I have decided to take a step away from this blog. Thsi means that I won't be blogging at all for a while. If you would like anyone else to join this blog please ask and I'll invite them to join. Keep blogging!

 I'm glad ya'll had fun! I went to Croydon mit Pen yesterday whcih was highly amusing. It was suprisenly not that busy. I'm too tired to blog. Catch ya'll later.

 I can (sort of) do line vectors, but that's as far as I can go. You're right, you did say "Donna and I" I miss read, being worn out by my two cousins who are staying with us this weekend. Yesterday we went to Godstone farm, today we went to the park! Ah the joys... That restruant does sound like a good idea - what kind of food is it?

 i think a suit but dats just my opinion ! im becoming an acohol drinker, im drinking some right now !

 Hang on a minute Jo - Donna had a massive pudding? Donna? Only the photos will show the truth! The dinner was good, and yes I was staring into middle distance rather a lot. For the ball, I am still deciding between a suit or a dinner jacket - can't decide, what do you think?

 The meal woz brilliant, the food woz really nice and it definatly filled you up ! Only thing i was a annoyed about is the bit where Angela's boyfriends Simon walked out cause Darren woz flirting with Angela ! Also we were stuck down the slightly boringer end of the table so we couldnt get in to the convosation as much... After the meal woz good as well cause we managed to get into the Bowling and arcade bit, we had a few goes on the arcade then most people left. Me and Darren couldnt leave until half 11 because that was when the Taxi was booked for, so we wne tinto the bar and ordered some alcoholic drinks ! Somehow we managed to get served even though not one of us looked over 18 !! It was just me, darre, emma, helen, penny left by this time ! We all look the youngest so im really surprised we got served. Unfortuantly it didnt last for long and a bouncer came over and told us to get out of the bar and to leave our drinks becasue we couldnt prove we were over 18 ! We didnt mind though cause we were oging to leave in bout 5 minutes anyway. I think that is the best night out i have ever had, but i suppose thats cause i dont go out very often ! Lol, what a sad life i lead ! Anyway today woz fun !!! NOT i went to croydon with Goff and Darren, David was meant to come but in the end he didnt so it was a bit of a nightmare ! Goff was looking for shoes for the ball which she found but only after 4 hours and it was in a shop we visitied when we first got into Croydon ! Arghhhh. She was quite funny at times though, like when we were going to the bus stop we saw out bus was at the stop bso me and darren started to run to catch it, but Goff said she couldnt run so i said well walk quickly then so she speeded up by about 2mm per second! Luckily we got the bus cause there were lots of people geting on it so it didnt pull away. What was more funny was when we were actually on the bus it started to move before Goff had sat down and she neally fell over !!!!!!!! I had to grab her hand and pull her to a seat. I nearly wet myself laughing ! And in the entire shopping trip i didnt buy one thing ! Anyway thats enogugh of me for one day so bye bye see ya Monday

 I got 56%, I was pleased. I got 0 on the first two questions though! I keep being hassled by Nicki to blog, but I don't know what to say. Hmmm, new PC has been built, running at just waiting for hard drive. I couldnt go to Darrens and Natalies party because I had no transport and no money. Damnit. Cya people P.S: Mr Gallagher is a twat.

 I am quite chuffed, I got 53% on my science test! Yay! I think that is rather good for lil ol me. Have fun tonight at the dinner!!! We ahev problems here we need to sort out, we had a bit of a domestic last night. Lots of shouting. My dad no has to work a 12 hour shift instead of he usual 7 hour. Fair enough with the war and all, they need heightened security. I hope this weekend turns out for the best. Please spare some throughts for the 12 who died in the copter crash and the one american marine who was KIA today and their famillies.

 Well i dunno what to write... Nothing much is happening in my life, im so bored with it at the moment, nothing exciting is happening but i must admit im looking forward to tmor ! Happy 16th birthday to Darren and Natalie ! LOL toodles nothing more to say !

 Standby, incoming. Hehe. Everybody got their urlLink spare batteries, torches, blankets and bottled water? The Home Office do like to keep us informed with helpful tips, such as urlLink Do I need to buy a gas mask or protective suit to protect myself from chemical or biological threats? And do I need to stockpile food, water, or anything else? Anywho... Thomas is very busy at the moment because he is becoming increasingly paronoid about himself and all this work he has to do. Ta ta.

 Come on people, blog or I will have to start the warnings. Jackie and Tom your fine. But Max, you gotta post and so do you Jo!!!!!!!!! WW3 has just broken out in the house. The family has split right down the middle in a big ol argument. Dammit. What fun. After textiles tonight i went into the IT room and we had a big ol discussion about Iraq which went on for like half an hour!!!!!!

 Hey-ho. Well, hopefully they can avoid using weapons of mass destruction, they barely scraped by with the Cuban Missiles Crisis. Its out of our hands, just hope it gets sorted quickly. And I'm not that worried about war anymore. Well I am, I'm worried for all those soliders out there who could get killed at any moment. You see I figure why worry about it if we can't do anything directly? Its gonna happen, just hope its over with asap. I wouldn't worry too much anyway, the Iraq army would fold under the British and American. I probbaly sound quite 'oh I don;t care' but I do, I do care alot about this situation but there isn't anything I can do!!!!!! I wnat to but there isn't anything. How are you all? Very well thanks! Have you all got your stuff for the ball? I have my dress but that's it. And are you looking forward to Natalies and Darrens party? I'm not going but I hope ya'll have a great time! And is it just me or are you finding it hard to motivate yourself to do the work set and coursework and stuff, i find it soo boring and i just feel like: Whats the point ! But maybe thats just me being lazy ! LOL I totally agree!!!!!!!!!

 Is it just me or are you feeling slightly worried about war? If BUSH is going on about how they have waepons of mass destruction, doesnt that mean if we attack him he will use them? Just think of hiroshima, all tehm people dies, we are close to london and that is gonna be the main place for an attack? They would get the royals and all the cabinit as well ! Im slightly afraid that if this war goes ahead then we are gonna alll die and painfully as well ! Not to make you all feel bad but im just slightly worried ! LOL Well anywho we better live our lives to the full now cause we mite not be aound for much longer With Love jackie ! x x x x x x Anywho Back to more exciting matters ? How are you all? Have you all got your stuff for the ball ? And are you looking forward to Natalies and Darrens party? I sure am cause its gonna be fun dont ya think ? And is it just me or are you finding it hard to motivate yourself to do the work set and coursework and stuff, i find it soo boring and i just feel like: Whats the point ! But maybe thats just me being lazy ! LOL Toodle Jackie

 Finaly! I'm on a computer, wow. Spent most of my evening staring at my music coursework hopeing that a melody will pop out from somewhere and write its self onto a page - no such luck so far. What a day hey? Robin Cook (British Cabinet minister and Leader of the House of Commons) resigns, UN staff at the Kuwait-Iraq border move out along with all UN staff inside Iraq. Russia and Portugal tell their staff to leave Iraq while diplomatic staff from other countries begin to leave the country. George W. Bush is going to issue a speach tonight where he will make a final ultimatum to Saddam. We are going to war. Now I ain't gonna go on about this for ages, but I am starting to be pro-war. If we stop now, he's just going to come after us in future years and probably cause a lot of damage. The people in Iraq are in great trouble and need help, what can we do? Sit around and wait to get blown up or gased, or actually stop him before he gets rid of us. Just the ice-cream talking probably, but still. Now this is pathetic, urlLink Dogbreath ad is withdrawn , "A TV advertisement featuring a man "vomiting" up a live dog has been pulled after record complaints from viewers ... chewing gum manufacturer Wrigley's decided to withdraw the advertisement, for its X-cite brand of gum, after watchdog Independent Television Commission (ITC) received more than 700 complaints ... 'Parents have been complaining that their children are scared by it, and some of the adults have said they were actually sick themselves after watching it'." I'm sorry, but that is pathetic, that advert is not disgusting or horrible, you barely even see anything at all apart from a dog jumping out of somebodies mouth. It isn't sick, and it's a fairly amusing advert. It didn't make me laugh, but at least it isn't as dull as Persil or a debt helper. Anyway, this urlLink Steve Bell cartoon sort of sums up todays events to a certain extent. G'night.

 I have had no problems with blogger at all, it must be your computers ! Anyway im well happy now i got my dress and i cant wait for darren and Natalies party cause im so looking forward to it ?!?!?! LOL Anywho science sucks, business sucks and maths sucks but hey thats life ! Toodles jackie

 Blogger doesn't seem to be working correctly. Darn it.

 Well done Jackie, I'm really happy for you! That is a really nice dress, I don't think you could have got one more suited to you!

 I GOT MY BALLDRESS AND DARREN SAYS THAT IS IS REALLY NICE AND SUITS ME ! HE ALSO SAYS I LOOK SEXY IN IT ! HEHE i got it, i got it, i got it, i got it, i got it, i got it, yippee. It is creamy colour but now i need to get some shoes and a bag aswell ! It only cost 80 pounds so thats not too bad either byebye xxxxxxxxx

 Come on peoples!! Blog!!!

 Jo you little f**k. What the f**k have you been f**king smoking or you just f**king high on f**king fear? You f**k. Yes, sorry, problems with blogger this morning. All sorted now. Yes, yesterday. Ah, yesterday. Fond memories. An educated hour or so wandering around art galleries, taking in some culture. Especially that of the Tudors whose paintings all look the same. Then a five minute brisk walk through a rather pathetic peace protest. Well, they did try. And we were attacked by a few pigeons and we all now what pigeons mean. Then a wonderfull 2 and half hours of Freddie and Chris. Feel free to take Freddie Jo, Chris is mine. Hehe. I think his hair suited his character. Maybe it will be cut now they have finished the play. Or maybe his next film requires long hair. Who knows. Who knows why Mary owned a little lamb. Who knows.

 Bad moment today. We assembled the PC, and discovered we had incompatible memory. I knew this all along, but my dad didnt want to change the memory for the compatible modules. So he's suffering now. Tomorrow, my dad is going to go all the way to London, because he ignored me, and just to buy a floppy drive and replace the memory modules. (We didnt want a floppy drive at first because we have no use for it, but I need it for schoolwork).

 COMIC RELIEF RULES Give your money in now ! OMG Jade cannot drive ! Ne way im going shopping for my ball dress tmor ! Yippee i cant wait ! Probably wont even see one i like though ! lol toodles

 As long as I can maintain my B grade, I will be happy. Coombes didn't ask for my geography coursework! Yay. I got a C in a geography test we done the other day. Not too bad, considering I didnt revise (again).

 I did my history homework last night at about 11:30pm, just slipped my mind... You didn't revise? That was silly, I revised loads, did as many practice papers as possible. I think it paid off :)

 I got my business studies test results as well, mine being: Unit A - How Businesses Operate - 23/35 (Merit) Unit B - How Businesses Develop - 20/35 (Pass) ONLY ONE OFF A BLOODY MERIT! GRRR Unit C - Business Finance - 25/35 (Merit) So that wasnt too bad at all, considering I didnt revise for any of them. (Shhh, dont tell Dilley!) My coursework for that is currently averaging out now to a BB grade. I could get an A*A grade if I put max effort in. I have six weeks :) SHIT!!!!! AAAAAAAAA Just remembered, Gallaghers homework! bugger it. quarter to ten, erm, ok, plan of action.....have pot noodle, have shower, then do the work in bed. That sounds about right. Byebye

 I usualy watch MTV Dance, and quite often there is something interesting on MTV2, MTV Base just sucks and gives me a headache. But MTV for Jackass, a always. I haven't blogged for ages, don't know why. My business studies results are as follows... Unit 1 = 29/35 (distinction) Unit 2 = 35/35 (distinction) Unit 3 = 29/35 (distinction) Distinction is the equiverlent to a A/A*, all I have to do now is get me coursework up to distinction level and I will have my A/A*! Unfortunatly my photos of New York didn't go very well because the film I used was the film my brother used when he went to Germany and he didn't rewind it properley. So I only managed to get 2/25 photos. urlLink Times Square and urlLink a building a couple of blocks away from Times Square . I did have another film which is being processed now, but I can't remember what's on it, I think a photo of the Statue of Liberty's bum (that's all we could see the weather was so bad) and a park. I have had my teeth operation explained to me. I am quite impressed with my teeth, I have a severe class three case on the top and bottom of the mouth, what ever the means, but it don't sound pretty does it? The whole process takes 2 years from start to finish. Braces for 1 year to align my teeth up straight, and then 2 days in hospital after an operation to move my jaw into the correct place, then back to braces for 6 months to finish is off, then to retainers for however long is needed (normaly 2-3 months). So that sounds like fun, I won't be able to speak for two days! How will I ever cope? Which brings me nicely onto my next point... ...tomorrow Christy is doing a Sponsered Silence! So I am going to walk up to her and ask her a few questions which she can only respond to by saying "yes" or nothing at all. Mwhahahahhah power.

 HA! I have proof now taht shcool really is bad for your health. I have become slightly ill and the reason why? Instead of going home at the normal 3.35 I don't leave school until 5! Why? Because I stay for art, science, german, textiles and IT. Now i'm all run down and erugh :( And now the Inspectar Calls trip has been canceled I'm very annoyed. Well, at least we get our money back. So what have I got to look forward to atm? My great friends on message boards I talk to who are teh most lovely people in the world! I am looking forward to Saturday Jo! Woooooooo! (BTW, if you can get dropped at my house at 10.15am or so then my dad can run us both straight up the train station). And I am emailing some people who have seen it so that we may have a chance of meeting Chris and Freddie! Wooooooooo! What programs do you watch on MTV if you get it? I watch Jackass and MTV Cribbs. Love Cribbs. I was watching O-town!!!!!!!!!! really nice house!

 Curently i am also happy because i got my business studies results back. They are : Unit 1 = 27 (merit) Unit 2 = 29 (distinction) Unit 3 = 25 (merit) I am pretty happy with that but that unit 1 was a bit annoying because i was 1 mark away from getting a distintion ! Overall i think i will get a B maybe if i try harder i can geet an A ! Yippee. Neway thats all i wanted to say LOL Toodles- Jackie

 In our limo is...... Me, Tom, Andy, Dave, Rich, Rob, Neil, Matt and Darren I believe is in the limo as well? I may be wrong. Currently i'm happy. I found all my business coursework hiding deep in the depths of the schools network. Yayyyy! My deadline for Geogrpahy coursework........Friday. Oh bugger. My deadline for tech.........................31st March. I think I can make that one. My deadline for I.T...........................Easter. Quite a lot of it to do, but its easy. Nic.J is almost over her flu, now shes just waiting for Pete to get back home so Nic and I can see each other again. YAY! The construction of our brand new PC is almost complete. All we need is a hard drive which should arrive in about 3 or 4 days. Byebye.

 OMG you guys write lots, i havent been on for what? 2 days and there are like 20 blogs ... Anyway, im good except im soo bored there is notihng to do and school is getting boring cause we are now starting all the revision for the subjects !! French is almost impossible, maths is soooo reptitious i could fall asleep, business is pissing me off and PE is the only decent subject im doing. HeHe the pictures are cool on ur website Nicki although i have seen them all aready bout 4 times ! LOL Neva mind im gtg now dinner toodles

 Well well well. The urlLink Party Pictures website is updated, 33 pictures of Venice!!!!!!!!!! Woooooooo! Yes, tis ture, the snooboo.com Forum has been handed over to Paul and myself. Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeea. What great changes we have made.

 I've decided to re-change my A-level options. Originally, in a perfect world, I wanted to do I.T, Electronics and AVCE Business. But no.... Vinton said I cant do electronics because I am not taking physics. Crap. So instead I chose to do Media Studies instead of Electronics. Now, as I have seen the application form again, I just want to do I.T and AVCE Business. Media Studies will probably not play any part in my life, so there is no point in doing it as it will be in theory 25% more extra work for sod all in return. P.S: I managed to recover 50 pages of Business coursework out of the 75. The other "lost" 25 pages I found in draft form on the schools network. Not bad. I'm getting happier.....slowly.

 Ugh, this week has been so crap. I wont go into detail because there is so much rubbish that I will type. The main reasons are: Nic.J is ill with the flu :( I hope she gets better soon! Tonsa coursework Plus losing around 75 pages of business studies coursework is icing on the cake. I sure damn hope my beloved MS-DOS program can restore the floppy disk, its done 100 times better than all 6 of my Windows data recovery programs! Oh well.

 I was talking to Blackburn the other day and he asked me what changed, why we are going home, and I said nothing. That's not true ya know, I think every things changed. I know I changed. Ya know a friend of mine asked me before I got here, when we were all shipping out, he asked me why are you going to fight somebody else's war? What, do ya all think your all heroes? I didn't know what to say at the time, but if he asked me again I'd say no. I'd say there's no way in hell. Nobody asks to be a hero, just sometimes turn out that way. It's not that i like em or i don't like em- I respect them. Look, these people have no jobs, no food, no education, and no future. i just figure that, ya know, I mean we have two things we can do. We can help, or we can sit back and watch a country destroy itself on CNN. Right? Sometimes people ask me why I do it, they say what are you some sort of a war junky? I dont answer them cuz they will never understand. understand that its just for the man fight next to you. Only the dead live to see the end of the war.

 I know, it looks rude but if you remember we had the popcorn and ate it all. The popcorn is on my lap. Its simple but looks rude. I did write on the picture 'before nayone says anoything its popcorn'. LOL.

 I get a lot of e-mails coming through the snooboo.com domain that arn't mine, most of them are rubbish and I ignore them, but when a e-mail 1MB full of pictures comes through going to Nicki from Darren, you just got to read it. urlLink Explain this Nicki and Max.

 Any pictures are great guys, we can slot them into the categories or into Misc. We will put them on the site and see how they go, if people really don't like them we will have to take them off but we'll see how it goes. Thanks :) My weekends plans are simply doing homework and recooperating from Thursday. London is really tiring. Today I did lots of art and watched Black Hawk Down. YES! JOSH HARTNETT IS IN A WAR FILM AND ACTUALLY LIVES FOR ONCE!!!!!! WOOOO!!!!! Yea, so that made me happy but now I am all very patriotic towards the USA. BHD is a true story film and they're motto type o thing: 'Leave no man behind'. Even if they guys were dead they defended them and kept the bodies safe until they could get them out of there. Now that, is honour.

 Anywho, what is everyone upto this weekend? Well i mite be going to Croydon with Darren to get his tucks for the ball and im also going to the Library ! Lol. Im also going out tonite for my sisters birthday dinner, we are going for a chinese so when i get back im gonna be totally pogged ! HeHe. My mouth is watering now just thinking aobut it. I think i might have some photo's from bude (yr9) I havent got very many but i will have a look for you Nicki ! Anyway byebye

 I am going to buy a throwaway one and bring it into school!! In the summer we will have to get some down at the park :) If any of you do have photos you don't mind being on the site but you don't have the time to scan them or whatever feel free to give them to me for a few days and I can get them scanned for you :) Anywho, what is everyone upto this weekend?

 Very nice pictures ! I think i need to use my camera more often ! Lol Now where is it...

 urlLink CLICK HERE Yup! Its updated! 2 pages of Venice pictures! Pictures from Holland! Pictures from year 6!!!!! Give me your pictures to scan!!!!!!!

 JULY Fun to be with - Erm... if ya say so Secretive - no way i tell everything i just let it all out ! Difficult to fathom and to be understood - Fathom ? i dont think so although i do mumble a lot Quiet unless excited or tensed - No way im always loud and excitable Takes pride in oneself - Of course but doesnt everyone? Has reputation - Sure do (hope it aint bad though) Easily consoled - Nope Honest - Hehe sometimes ! Concern about people's feelings - Yea but not always Tactful - i like to tackle people ? Friendly - sure am but generally need someone else to get the convo started. Approachable - Yea as long as you know me Very emotional - No way Temperamental and unpredictable - Thats me alright ! Moody and easily hurt - No Wot do you think i am ? A sap ? Witty and sparky - Huh? Sentimental - Once again Huh ? Not revengeful - i will seek revenge ! Forgiving but never forgets - Erm i wouldnt know never had to deal with that Dislike nonsensical and unnecessary things - WTF ? Guides others physically and mentally - Erm yea i push them to the limits Sensitive and forms impressions carefully - No way ! Caring and loving - Yep but i gotta get to know someone first Treats others equally - Mosy of the time yea Strong sense of sympathy - Only when needed Wary and sharp - Hey who said that ? Judge people through observations - No you gotta get to know someone Hardworking - Ha ha me ? ok then you win ! :) No difficulties in studying - I never revise so that aint true Loves to be alone - No gotta be surrounded, i need attention Always broods about the past and the old friends - Erm No way darling, that was like so last year ! Likes to be quiet - NO i cant shut up ! Homely person - Homely? Waits for friends - Yea God they take ages in the bog ! Never looks for friends - Thats right they find me ! hehe Not aggressive unless provoked - Im very agressive all the time Prone to having stomach and dieting problems - Erm do i look like i need a diet ? Loves to be loved - Sure do Easily hurt but takes long to recover - Erm nope Overly concerned - Erm nope Puts in effort in work - Yea most of the time Well most of them wernt true for me ! So it dont work well for me !!!! LOL anyway neva mind bye

 I'm December too: Loyal and generous - I like to think I am both Patriotic - For Britian and America GOD BLESS THE USA!! Active in games and interactions - I try Impatient and hasty - yah, I guess Ambitious - Yup! If only you knew my real dreams! Influential in organizations - what? Fun to be with - well? Loves to socialize - haha, how often do I go out? Loves praises - haha, no Loves attention - depends what attention Loves to be loved - i do, its true Honest and trustworthy - i like to think i am Not pretending - ---------------- Short tempered - sometime Changing personality - not to often luckily Not egoistic - again, what? Take high pride in oneself - yea, kinda half true that Hates restrictions - hmmmmm Loves to joke - yea, sure Good sense of humor - do i? Logical - yea...

 AUGUST Loves to joke - thats ok, as long as i decide they are funny :) Attractive - ohhhhh yes! lol Suave and caring - true, but only to the people who i know will care for me back Brave and fearless - yep Firm and has leadership qualities - of course Knows how to console others - hehe... Too generous and egoistic - thats me Takes high pride of oneself - yep Thirsty for praises - i am indeed Extra-ordinary spirit - methylated spirits? Easily angered - false. Im not too easy to anger Angry when provoked - slightly Easily jealous - a lil bit Observant - yep Careful and cautious - always Thinks quickly - thats me Independent thoughts - ja Loves to lead and to be led - when i was glancing through this i thought it said "loves to be leant on in bed"!!!!! Loves to dream - yep Talented in the arts, music and defense - nope, false again/ Sensitive but not petty - yep again Poor resistance against illnesses - false. im hardly ever ill. Learns to relax - i can control myself :) Hasty and rushy - how can you say this after youve said the one above????????? Romantic - yes, i am very acually Loving and caring - same, i am very loving :) Loves to make friends - sorta, i dont LOOK for friends, put it that way.

 Tom Greenhouse walked into our science lesson to get a chair. Helen looked at him and said "he's been Tangoed!" How we laughed. I found this thing that tells you about the kind of person you are depending what month you are born in. Half of it is true, half of it isn't. urlLink Check it out. This is december, with my comments... Loyal and generous - I do lend a lot of money to people Patriotic - Rule Britania! Active in games and interactions - sorta Impatient and hasty - yep, now now now now! Ambitious - take over the world! Influential in organizations - probably Fun to be with - you tell me... Loves to socialize - again... Loves praises - ohh yeah Loves attention - me me me me me me Loves to be loved - awwww Honest and trustworthy - do you trust me? Not pretending - um Short tempered - grrrrr Changing personality - skitso!!!! Not egoistic - I don't know what that word means Take high pride in oneself - not at all Hates restrictions - "bend" the rules, not break Loves to joke - hehehehehe Good sense of humor - heheheheheheheheh Logical - shouldn't this be at the begning? hahahahaha I'll shut up. What's yours? Don't forget to comment! G'night.

 I took a couple in New York, and I didn't bring my little camera becaus I knew everybody else would bring something - which they did. urlLink My diary of what happened on our trip, slightly edited. The weather in NY wasn't good, so the photos I took probably won't come out too well, but I tried. I was going to make more recordings, but I only made one for some reason. urlLink This is the group on the bus just after we landed.

 Tom, Max, please blog. You have been back for a while now and you have both been online so please find teh time to blog. Don't make me send out the warnings!!!!!! I had an ok day today although there is one thing which is annoying me. And that is the fact that everyone keeps slagging off Mr G. Ok so he may not conduct the best lessons with his sarcastic comments and stuff but he is a good teacher and if it were between him or Mr M, Mr G would probably get us a better grade in the exam.

 Yay! First blog since ive got back! I want to go onto the 6th from to study I.T, Media Studies and AVCE Business, then I want to leave and start my own "sole trader" (meaning working by yourself basically) computer engineering company. Hm, I didnt see Tom take any pictures in America, but I know Andy did, he took a lot more than me.

 I am ugly though! No your not. Sorry you had a bad lesson, but at least it shows el bloggo is good for keeping people occupied during lessons! LOL! Good luck with the swimming, I am sure you will do fine! What are you guys and gals gonna do when we leave year 11? Are you going to stay here? Go somwhere else? Stay at homwe for the rest of your life and wallow in self pity? Or are you guys gonna go out there and get a well paid job.? I'm staying at warlingham 6th form cause i know what i want to do and im hoping to pass and then go to uni ! HEHE get away from home and all tghe pressures from your family dont you think? I have been accpeted at the sixth form which I am happy about. I am not sure about uni and stuff, haven't looked into it. I may be getting a job soon but we'll have to wait and see. I would like to go to uni, you get more qualifications and therefore a better or higher paid job. Yea it is good to get away from family pressures but I'd stil miss em!!!!

 I know !!! I am ugly though !but not that , that matters anyway. I am really annoyed now though cause my business class is really getting to me... It's sooooo boring all we do is the same thing everyday.! It is sooo repititous (sorry bout my spelling) LOL Anyway Boys were are you ??? You must blog for the sake of mankind or we will all die. No one is blogging! What will thwe world come to??? Boys we need to know all the details bout your holidaybefore you forget bout them and then cant tell us! Pklease blog soo9n or i will have to kill you and extract the information from your brain ! Andrew Bartle is quite nice to me... If im looking bit anoyed in the busienss lessons he comes up to me and says are you alright.. Ahhh how thoughtfull. He doesnt fany me if that is what you are thinking and i definatly dont fancy him. This is quite a long blog for me but this is cause im writing it in business studies and im well bored at the mo and i have nothing else to do. Sorry if there are also loadsa mistakes its cause i have the page hidden so i cant see what im writing! Anyway im not looking forward to my Swimmming assesment tmor cause its gonna be shit and im gonna fail terribly cause i havent practised swimming for like 3 weeks ! Oh well neva mind im sure i will get over it. And i must not forget that i get to do it again next week when the moderater comes in to watch us make fools out of ourselfs caus ewe a re so scared of losing and doing shit. But i think i have written to much now and you must be bored of reading my blog so i will write some more just to annoy you "! hehe. What are you guys and gals gonna do when we leave year 11? Are you going to stay here? Go somwhere else? Stay at homwe for the rest of your life and wallow in self pity? Or are you guys gonna go out there and get a well paid job.? Im staying at warlingham 6th form cause i know what i want to do and im hoping to pass and then go to uni ! HEHE get away from home and all tghe pressures from your family dont you think ? Well i think i have qwritten enough now so im gonna stop plus the fact it is the end of lesson ! byebye see ya toodles goodbye have a nice day !

 Shocking! Not that your not ugly but that he was nice!!!!!

 hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... Theres nothing to blog about ! Science was shit i didnt understand what was going on today ! Tom Greenhouse was nice to me !!!!!! I said i was ugly and he goes no ur not !!! I was well shocked anyway toodles

 Hello? Anyone out there? Well I did not have any clue what was going on in our science lesson. To me it was a board of waffle and I sat there feeling like a total plum. So in the case of me being a plum, here is the song from Joey in frineds: "this hand is your hand, this hand is my hand, is that hand your hand? no wait thats my hand!" although in my case perhaps it should be more along the lines of is that brain your brain?

 Hmmm, everyone is back yet no one is blogging......... Tom and Max, make sure you send in some pictures for the website!!!!!!!!

 Hello ya'll, I'm back! No I don't know when Tom and Max etc.. get in. I hop ethey had a nice time though. America is such a great place. I want to go see Oklamhoma, mainly because Mr Merriman comes form there but hey, who says thats tha only the reason? Me. Oh yea. Jo, in your emails siggies you have the url for this blog, you need to take off the www so it is just http://el-bloggo.blogspot.com then it will work properly. Right now I'm doing textiles homework. How incredibly fun. I still have art work to do but it is slightly more enjoyable than usual as I am sticking pictures of Mr Merriman down! Wahoo! Oooooooooo! Jaffa cakes! Did you know they don't sell jaffa cakes in America!!!! Outrageous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Well today woz ok i suppose escept for the fact that i stayed behind after schoolfor 2 hours doing bloody IT coursework and im doing that again tmor. So help me GOD ! Once again i didnt do one thing in science i didnt even bother to unpack my bag, what joyus fun. I think Mr moore needs to get some control over the class. He never seems to teach us anything becuase he gets sidetracked and ends up chatting to a group of people in the corner dont ya think ? Everybody is getting well excited about leaving, we still have most of next week yet! I cant believe people are already bringing in cameras and stuff. Fair enough people bringing in the boooks for people to write in becuase it takes time to do that. Everybody is just going hyper and it is making me feel left out ! I am already fed up of school and i cant seem to get myself motivated i still have my french homework to do but i cant be bothered so that will be done on the thursday, which in fact is very stupid because there is loads to do ! Ahhhhhhhhh Just to let you know Mr Moore is the sexiest teacher in the school other than Miss Kay of course ! Well im now off for my dinner cause i am starving and i need some nutrician (soz bout spelling) toodles

 Ha ha ha ha. No. That's not really funny. That's really dispicable. Do you have to pay for a new one, or can you claim it on your insurance? Anyway, blog more later, gtg to a music lesson now! OK I'm back. Well today was a bit of a bizarro day. Firstly those stupid questionairres that we spent most of the day devising stupid answers to. Then something else funny happened, and I can't even remember what it was now. DAmmit. But yes, and odd day in all. Boring music leesson, got into trouble for not having done enough work. Yipeee. MOre school tomorrow, can't say I'm looking forawrd to it. I was going to bring my camera tomorrow, but it looks like it's going ot rain so I don't think I will now! Anyway, dinner time, talk to you later guys

 I don't beleive this. Somebody has stolen the front number plate off our car and one of the car badges off one of the wheels! You just leave anything lying around these days.

 Bed? already? I havent even had dinner yet ! LOL oh well sleep well and have a good nite ?

 You nearly fell asleep? I did fall asleep, ask Nicki. 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! 6 DAys! 6 DAys! 6 Days! 6 Days! No more lessons with Miss Bashir!! No more lessons with Miss Bashir!! No more lessons with Miss Bashir!! No more lessons with Miss Bashir!! No more lessons with Miss Bashir!! ONly one more with Mr Hanson!! ONly one more with Mr Hanson!! ONly one more with Mr Hanson!! ONly one more with Mr Hanson!! ONly one more with Mr Hanson!! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! 2 more music lessons! Great. I'm off ot bed now cos I'm so tired. Bye peeps

 You think school is safe? OMG are you having wierd visions? Lol I cant wait until i leave yr 11, at least then i will have a bit more freedom. Although i am coming back for 6th form. I cant beleive how tiring today was, i nearly fell asleep in my Pe theory lesson cause we were doign some well boring test. I cant wait until i can sleep in in the morning. But of course i will be revising for the rest of the day !!!! Only 6 days left till we leave. whoooooohooooo I find school so boring now so until the day we leave...

 First day back at schoo. Argh. I see they really are ramming revison down our throats. I don't want to leave school. Its safe there :(

 Well I didn't have such an interesting day, infact I didn't really have anything interesting in my day. At all. I did quite a bit of work, doing everything I should have done over the last two weeks. I went for a swim, that's quite exciting, lots of water and stuff. So other than all that, everything is a bit alsage.

 No more days left, lol. Went to the Europa Centre today, have to say that although the journey was deadful and Ms Slark really irritated me, the centre was actually ok. Mainly because the people told me I speak good french. But it was okay. I booked a 2 week holiday to Austria to go skiing, and then Jackie and I are sharing a caravan tomorrow night, for 2 nights. What fun. I also bought some shampoo which cost me 18 (rip off!), and some coffee and cheese. Oh, and a hat. Jackie purchased the lovliest pink bag, have to say that it suited her so well! Ha ha. But the journey was awful. Hours of the tube (about 26 stops I think, on the smelly district line). Then it was raining, and the teachers didn't know whre we were going- they had to stop and ask for directions!! Then on the way back Ms Slark said we all had to get off the train at East Croydon, even though the train we were on would have taken us straight home, and if we got off the train we'd just be getting striahgt back on it. But no, we have to get off. So after a lot of arguing I was quite cross. But then right at the last minute the 3 of us who wanted to get the East Grinstead train just announced that was what we were going to do and legged it before she could say much! But it would have been really stpuid otherwise, and probably ad ded about 30 minutes onto our journey. Bloody hopeless teachers. Anyway! What's everyone else been up to today?

 What would we do without the internet? Yes, thank you Max for organising all that, jolly good fun - I would love to go again, perhaps in the summer guys? The photos I took should be around on Wednesday or Thursday, should be a good laugh. One more day left guys, then 8 school days and that is it!

 BTW, I have just taken a look at urlLink this , all looks very confusing!!

 Good Good. I had a marvellous day, I really enjoyed it, and I was so chuffed that i didn't fall over! Okay, a few near misses, but at least I'm still in one piece (except for the blisters on my ankles!). I really enjoyed myself, haven't had a good bit of fun in a long time! It proibably won't be that lo ng before I go back, Nancy reckons I'm taking her next weekend, ha ha! No. Maybe later in the summer. Anyway, thanks to max for organising it, and thanks to everyone else for making it such an enjoyable day! Tomorrow is the Europe centre, which will probably be as boring as hell. Providing that I can actually walk to get there, lol. But you don't know, miracles may happen! Anyway, see ya later guys, I'm off to get some beans on toast!

 Don't fret guys, the strange peculier lump on me arm has gone but it still reeeeeally kills!

 My god. It's 7am, on a Sunday. I didn't know there was a 7am on a Sunday. Too bloody early, I'm going back to bed.

 I can do excitement! I can do excitement! Well. Perhaps not. But at least I tried. But I am looking forward to ice-skating otmorrow! I've only ever been once before, so I'm begging people, please don't dessert me tomorrow!" I'll probably spend most of the day flat on my back, but hey! It's all fun really. I#'ve even bought a little disposable camera to capture everyone making prats of themselves, he he! Anyway! Nicki, that song is probably by Good Charlotte? If not, I'm guessing that's it's Drops of Jupiter, by Train? But it's probably the first one! lol. Anyway, busy day at work today, insane people wanteing to buy the most bizarro things meant I was up and down a ladder all day. Anyway, too knackered to talk and my fingers are all bleeding, I must go and bandage them up, till tomorrow peoples!

 this blog is getting boring. No offence but it is the truth, we need some excitement in here

 Now that she's back in the atmosphere, With drops of Jupiter in her hair, hey, hey, She acts like summer and walks like rain, Reminds me that there's time to change, hey, hey, Since the return from her stay on the moon, She listens like spring and she talks like June, hey, hey. Tell me did you sail across the sun, Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all faded, And that heaven is overrated, Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star, One without a permanent scar, And did you miss me while you were looking at yourself out there.

 Well. Today i got up. Ate. Got dresssed. Rummaged through the bomb site (formerly known as my room) and tried to find my english book. Attempted the end half of and essay. Got bored because it was so dull and dreary. Gave up. Had a piece of toast for lunhc at 11am. Played midtown madness for 45 minutes. Walked to the village to go to work. Worked in shop for 4 and a half hours. Encountered some veyr strange people. Packed up. walked home. Played midtown madness until dinner. Tried to make CD work- it won't. Currently sitting here. Wondering what to do. It's rainging. Yuck. Might come back later. Might not.

 thats ok

 thanks.

 well... Have fun

 Very nice! Even though, for some bizarro reason, none of the pictures can be found by Yahoo. Stupid server. Anyway! Today I went to Croydon again wit my sisters, they were both bargain hutning. Nancy got a pair of those rave trousers (with the tassley bits and stuff all down them, strings and whot not, lol!) and they are blue, Louise bought a couple of tops I think? I really can't rememebr! We were in Alders hours and she tried on about 10 different things, but bought nothing! What a waste of time, lol. Seeings as I've got nothing planned now until Monday, revision starts tommorrow. Anyone who reads this blog regularly will notice that I've said that every day, but this time I really mean it :( I'm off, see you later guys.

 I got bored so I did this: We were supposed to leave the school on our double decker coach at 04.30PM. urlLink Jack urlLink ie came up to say hi. I think urlLink Darren did, I'm not sure. Didn't leave until about 07.00PM. Why? Well the coach was late. Then they had to keep repacking the luggage bit because there wasn't enough room. Plus there was a big ol crack in the front of the upper section which they thought was dangerous. Because of the late start we missed about 3 ferrys to France. Eventually we got on one at about 10.30PM. While waiting to get booked on this ferry we had great fun at the front of the coach taking urlLink pictures ! And generally being hyper. The coach trips there and back were probably the best bit of the trip! urlLink Madness ! To get to our designated (love that word) hotel we had to pass through France, urlLink Switzerland and Italy. Long trip but fun. The hotel was cool, had to urlLink get up each morning at 7am! There were many o amusing moments throughout the week. In Verona urlLink Jane ate a Kinder egg. The toy was this Virgin Mary staute so we built it and put it at the front of the coach. About a minute later a nun crossed the road!!!!! We even brought some football shirts and made our own urlLink team ! If ever to go to Venice make sure you get a ride on the urlLink gondalas . Take an art book! Do some urlLink sketching ! Ever met urlLink Peggy ? Of course we were urlLink cream-crackered on the way home. Maybe that was because were up urlLink late .... But whenever you go on a group holiday, always take a urlLink group photo .

 Well, i thought the film woz really good, except for the fact i was shoved on the end of the row. Even though i organised the whole god damn thing! But thats friends for you! Anyway i think i better go now cause i got loadsa of work to do. Oh yea and the americans living next door are leaving tmor ! :( No more of me listening to their convos and laughing at their accent

 Hey everybody! I cant blog for a while because of exams and revision and stuff. I need to quit all the stuff that takes up the minutes of my time like writing this blog, etc. (That wasnt meant to sound rude) Sorry Nic! Cya peeps at school.

 I saw Tom in Croydon! It was really scary, i was talking to my friend about e-mailing people and I was saying "I e-mail Tom alot cos he's always there", look up and who's walking towards us, but Tom? It was REALLY scary! Anyway. I bought a CD today but it's for Lisa's birthday so I shouldn't really post here what it is just in case someone accidently lets slip, lol! What else did I get? Oh yeah, a beanie baby Babboon as a late easter pressent for my sister, cos she was moaning abut me not getting her one, and it was cheap, lol. Cheap-skate me. Other than that I got a little book too! For all you lot to write it, ha ha!

 I bought this album today in Croydon. It's really good, tell you more when I've finished listening to it! Good film, Johnny English, kept a smile on my face for the whole time, very good. Atkinson as good as ever, I don't think I've seen him in a new film or movie for ages? I also bought a little book for all you guys to write in on the last day of term - getting excited now, year 11s almost over! Nothing going on much in my life really. This looks quite interesting, somebody is going to turn the whole Who Wants To Be A Millionaire thing with the cheater into a movie urlLink Millionaire scam to become film - should be interesting.

 I have sewn a fender guitar onto my t-shirt this afternoon. Looks pretty cool, even if I say so myself. I haven't tried it on yet though, it could look awful on!

 well I have done some homework/ revision this morning ! First of the holidays so far ! oops

 Lol. Tom, did you know that Julz's oboe teacher is Pete Long's girlfriend/wife (can't remember which)? Pete Long being a member of Jool's Rhythm & Blues Orchestra? She is going to have a sneaky word with her and see what she can arrange, but nothing promised though, but wouldn't that be cool?!! I cannot wait! Seems like everyone has got Jools fever at the moment! I can't wait for Bon Jovi either- that will probably be the best gig that I've ever been too, although we will probably get deafened!! Yahooooooo! In the end I didn't see the 300th episode of the Simpsons last night, I went to bed and watched the film about Anne Frank, which was qutie interesting. I might try to read it again, I think. I read a lot of it when I was in year 4, but it was a bit advanced for me then and I didn't really understand all of it, and eventually my teacher told me to give up and read something more normal (teachers for you, eh?!). But I might get it out the library and read it after the exams of something, seeings as I will probably have a lot of spare time on my hands! Anyway. I've just come back from clearing up the kitchen, I went down there annd there was dozens of bowls, plates and glasses on the side, so I opened the dishwasher and found it was full of dirty plates (or so i thought). So, I washed and dried up all this stuff, took me over half an hour to do, only for Nancy to walk in and say "What are you doing that for? The dishwasher is clean, y ou've just got to empty it" and I thought some very rude things then! i was also quite cross cos I'd squeezed a couple of plates, a glass and quite a bit of cutlery into the dishwasher, so I had to try and decide which was clean and which wasn't! Worst thing was, I was about to run the dishwasher cos I'd filled it up with the powder and eveyrhting, so I would have been re-washing most of it! Geez I am so thick sometimes! After all that I have decided not to do any revision this morning seeings as it is nearly lunch anyway, I will just mess around playing computer games, and after lunhc I will do some serious revision! (says she who has said that eveyr day yet done none properly yet). Anyway, toooodle-oooo guys.

 When I went to see Jools Holland in the Royal Albert Hall they where 45 minutes late, so the crowd decided to start a mexican wave. The only problem is the Royal Albert Hall has circular seating going to whole way round the building so the wave didn't stop until the music started, just kept going on, and on, and on. The best bit was when a group of people tried to start another one going in the other direction, it lasted for a little while until the two met and it fell apart a bit.

 Yeah thanks jackie, I went to look it up in my gran's tv book! But, I haven't seen that one with Apu and the Squishee Lady before!! Saucy!! Nicki, sounds like you had a whail of a time! My job is at a little DIY come homecare shop in Warlingham, I have been there for three weeks now and I'm enjoying it! Anywya, can't really type veyr well cos I've just burnt my middle finger on the sandwich toaster and it's gone all funny already, I will probably end up with a blister which is not going to be fun on the pad of my finger! Anyway, I really ought to do some revision today, so I'd better go before the Simpsons at 9.30! Bye guys

 Jo just in case you come on, the 300th episode of the simpsons on sky one is at 9:30. All the time b4 it is just old episodes and it is well boring. Nicki could u possibly text me with a reply to the text i sent you about cinema ! thanx

 Just got back from a few days up in Manchester. I went with mother to see Ronan Keating at the MEN Arena. It holds 18,000 and looks small but you don't realise at first that there is a second tier up above you! It was a good laugh. The stewards were trying to get a Mexican wave going, eventually they did and it was so fun. The concert itself was better than at Wembley. Maybe it was because he had some more dates under his belt I'm not sure. Maybe it was because there were more people? And that the audience was younger? But it was good. Veyr good atmosphere, everyone was up for it and jumping about. When he came on at the back of teh arena for the encore 'Pump It Up' and the whole audeinece was clapping and stuff I could just picture this track being shown somewhere like the Hard Rock Cafe. What is your job Jo? Max please blog. That is a request. A couple more and sposh, you'll be gone.

 lol, it was quite funny. Dad kepy piping in about burying giblets under the patio, for some reason. Nancy was throwing up in the lounge cos she is really ill, she has been up since 3am crying, she is so hot you could fry eggs on her, and she has been sick numerous times. Also she is being very "mummyfied" today, and won't be in a room without mum, so when we were eating lunch she was sprawled on the sofa. Which wasn't a good idea, seeings as she could see and smell the food.

 Why was Nancy throwing up in the lounge? And boy i would of loved to be in ur house with that convo !

 Really? Cool. I've just had my yummy lunch! Roast Turkey with bread sauce and lots of roastie potatoes, carrots, butternut squash, and gravy! And to finish it off yummy mini eggs! we had a really weird discussion though, we were tlaking about digging the patio up, and thne mum started saying she doesn't know why people bother to bury bodies under the patio cos it's so much work, then we started talking about how you do it etc etc. Then it emerged that Louise had gone to get a cloth out the sink, but she reached into the sink and grabbed the turkey giblets! OOooh it was funny! All this while poor Nancy is throwing up in the lounge. Marvellous, I love Easter.

 strawberries !

 It is next Monday he comes home, or perhaps even Tuesday. I'm not sure, but I am quite positive it is one of those two days! Brad Pitt's bottom sounds like a very good piece of artwork, anyone fancy a trip to Madame Tussauds sometime soon........................??! Anyway! I've been at work all day and my knees and feet are killing me, but I really enjoy it cos it is so interesting and I'm active all day! Beats sitting on my butt watching the tv or whatever! Anyway, she has decided she needs some extra help next week, so I'm working Friday as well as Saturday, and possibly even Wednesday and Thursday! So extra money coming my way this week, lol! Its quite nice though cos Tina (who works there) likes to gossip, and sometimes when its quite we just chat about stuff! She's always asking my what I'm doing tonight (as in Saturday night) and it's quite sad cos I always have to say "staying home and watching tv"!!! At least at the mo I have the excuse that I'm too busy revising for my exams, lol. But she was quite interested to hear about the BonJovi concert that I've got lined up! Weather is horrible today, it's been threatening to rain all day, and even when it wasn't drizzling it was soooo windy! half the pots outside the shop decided to blow away, so one of my duties today was chading them all down the road! One of the wheelie bins also decided to go for a roll which was quite annoying, it wouldn;'t stay still! In the end I tied it to one of the metal bins. I really shoudl shut up now because you lot probably really don't want to hear about my dustbins and whotnot but hey! My faminly aren't in a listening mood cos they've been digging up the patio all day and are now comatosed on the sofa, so I thought I'd come and blog to get everything out of my system! That's the problem with not talking for a lot of the day- you have to let it all out eventually! Anyway, I really will leave you in peace now, have fun tomorrow guys and don't eat too much chocolate! We've got a novel new experiment going on in our house- no chocolate of any sort for easter. Whoppee. But I guess I'll be thankful in the long run! Byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

 It's either this Sunday or next Sunday. Just catching up on the news and I have found that Madame Tussaud's waxworks are not made of wax! Only the head and hands are, the rest is fibre glass. Only one exception which is brand new this week, Brad Pitt's bottom, which is made from a foam and silicon mixture to make it squeezably lifelike.

 oooooh, sounds like you had fun with Andy. you will need to tell me what didnt go to Andy's plan! Does anyone know when david Thomas comes back from his holiday because i want to see the Thorpe park photo's. Well nothing much to say today :(

 Hello Chumps! I've been in the Lake District all week with Andy! I've been up lots of mountains and been cycling round lots of moutains. All good fun. One slight incident involving two girls in bikinis down by a lake that didn't go to Andy's origanal plans. Other than that nothing amazlingly interesting. Photos soon!

 Tom's home!

 Well so far this holiday i have not revised one iota ! Really i need some little person at my side to come up to me and go : Rivise you little scoundle u, or i will rip your head off and flush it down the loo! I think that way i would sit down and do some revision. But my problem is i find it so god damn boring! Id rather sit outside and burn my eyes out than revise ! The reason i dont come on during the day is because it costs a bomb if you dont have broadband, which idont have so therefore it means i cant come on during the day. I have only just realside that because it is a bank holiday today i could have come on earlier because it is cheap! But neva mind at least i am on half an hour earlier than usual. I went down the park today with a couple of friends but it woz sooooooooo boring that we ended up coming back early ( i mean like we were down the park for less than an hour ) That dobbins hill really does your legs in even if you are used to going up it ! I think in toal i stopped like 20 times because i got knackered after going up like 3 steps. Nicki isnt coming on here today or tonight because she is up in Manchester i think and is seeing another Ronan concert with her mutter. Tom is on holiday in the Lake districk (I think) with Andy Pandy. Max is with his lovely girlfriend Nic at this moment in time so is probably too busy to deal with blogging! LOL ( they make a really good couple ) I have nothing else planned for the holidays although i want to go and see Jhonny English, hopefully dat will happen and i also have that Europa trip to look forward to on the extra day we have off. Oh what joys, I am begining to think it was a bad idea becuase you dont get to choose who you go with in a group, you just get shoved in a group as you go through "Customs". Which means i could end up with David Andrews or even Joanna. Ahhhhhhhh. Only kidding Jo ! I am dreading the french speaking cause i cant even understand what the teacher goes on about in english let alone what she is saying in french ! But hopefully i will get half decent grades in the other bits to give me a decent grade overall. You must be bored by reading this by now so i will leave you to blog for yourself or to ignore everything i have just writen ! hehe bye

 Where is everybody?!!! Is everybody revising? But surely you can't revise all day, everyday, and every night? Get a life peeps! Okay, I admit, I have been nrevising a lot, but I am still fiding time to pop in here and blog, to let whoever bothers to read the blog know what's going on in our little world! Well, today it is still sunny but there is quite a strong wind, therefore it is nowhere near as hot as yesterday. However, sitting in a south-facing room with all the w indows shut, I am sweltering. Mother and Father are destroying the patio (it has one end missing now and a big hole in the middle) with sledge hammers, apparently it has sunk and they need to re-set it? Well, I haven't a clue what they're doing but they've just discovered it is built on mud (ha ha, yet another botch job from the builders!), and dad has got all of next week off to do it. Except he is going to a motorbike show on Monday. Louise is lying in the hammock (very suave) wearing a suntop, sunglasses and a towwl (not quite sure what happened to the rest of her clothes), and reading Harry Potter 4. Nancy is at the bottom of the garden wearing a pair of polythene gloves (??) And playing with a friend's guinea pigs that we are looking after while they are away in the Peak District. I suppose I sholudb't complain that they're down the garden, earlier Louise marched in and demanded that I held one of the pigs whilst she made a cup of tea. Animals are fair enough, but when you have to hold them for long periiods of time you begin to wonder how strong their bladders are. But I guess guinea pigs' bladders are stronger than my little cousin Matthew's (aged 2 1/2, visited yesterday), as sometime yesterday afternoon he managed to wee down Louise's top. That's a bit worrying, cos I've just realised that Louise is wearing the top again today and there was no wash load done last night..................... At the moment I'm in the middle of writing out ALL my geography case studies onto little cue cards, so I can play snap like games! Yay! I have done 3 out of 6 of my French aural topics, so I'm gradually getting there, I just need to go through them all and get mother to tell me how to pronounce half the words, lol! When I've finished the geography case studies I think I will go on and do some more on the Cold War, as I need to brush up on the space race and the arms race. It's always the things that you haven't revised properly that come up on the damned exams, so I'm gonna try and make sure i know everyhting inside-ou by the time we get to the exams! I have a month till the first exam (Music and RE on the first day), and then another week before any more exams (thank god for half terms!!). So really I'm stressing about things that aren't really gonna be that big a problem (I sincerely hope!). I just need a bit more sself-discipline, so I can work for 2 hours instead of giving up after and hour and then playing 30 minutes on this fab game called 'Super Bounce Out'. Oh the joys. Please blog guys (do I sound like Nicki?!!!) cos I am as bored as hell, haven't spoke to any of my friends for ages, and I'll go insane if there's nothign to do apart from play with various virtual multi-coloured rubber bouncy balls. Byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee guys.

 Mum's just bought a hammock! So now I will be revising whilst lying in the warm weather in the garden, instead of holed up in my hot room! Uuurgh, the thought of it! Got to go, my lasagne is calling to me! Joooo-annnnnn-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

 Well, I'm here, well for the moment anyway. Yes i have been sunning myself although it woz a bit to windy to do it today. I have been to the cinema with Nicki today to see: Blue Crush. It was actually better than expected, i thought it was gonna be a really boring film but it wasnt ! I have already got myself a tan, but i can always improve it and it will be better if i have a tan b4 i go to majorca cause that way i will come back looking fine! (hopefully with some boys numbers) Hehe In fact i cant wait for my holiday, which is not that long away now ! Woooohooooo But first i have the boring task of revising for my GCSE's and then the task of actually doing them. eek well enough of my boring chit chat ill be off now to leave u in some peace.

 Where is everyone else? I know Tom is away in the Lake District. What's everyone else up to, or is eveyrone sunning themselves in the back garden?!! Everyone having fun?

 Me again. It's 11am and I've done 30 m,inutes revision on teh Cold War, it's suprising how much I can remember, having already revised it thoroughly twise (for yr 10 exmas and mocks) so I don't actually have veyr much to worry about it! On to Germany next I thinks! Anyway, weather is beautiful again, but I am hiding in my room all day today because my aunt is coming (which is always a complicated procedure). She always phones up and invites her and her 2 boys (both under 5) round, they make a fowl mess, she talks absolute rubbish, mum doesn't like her, and they never leave (plus they always arrive at least an hour early, and frequently phone up at 8,30 when we're all still aslepp). Fun. Mum has told her today that I'm revising all day (I really don't feel like seeing them), therefore I'm staying in my room all day, I don't think I'll even venture down for lunch! Much safer to stay up here when she's around. So, back to history I guess, thought I'd just pop in here for a bit while I give my eyes a break! Acutlaly, beeter go and get some drink supplies if I'm hibernating all day. Later peeeeeps.

 IYo peeps. I have been having such a busy week I haven't had much time for revision yet, alrthough I have done bits and bobs that I needed to sort! Proper revision starts tomorrow though, when my sis has no more hordes of friends round (thank god!). But, at least we have glorious weather! Mum and I sat out in the garden this afternoon, we are both as white as sheets so we have decivede that we needed to tan! Unfortunatley I'm still as white as when I started, but hey, I'mm looking after my skin and I 'm not gonna look 40 when I'm 20 (me hopes!!). Anyway, gotta go, people to go, places to see.......bye!

 People please blog. Went to the park yesterday with Jackie,Max, Nic, Rich and Dave. Real fun. Its a skittle frenzy!!!!! Hehe. Thank you for my book back Jo. Have a happy easter to you too.

 Well, i have also watched Happy potter and it was very good if i do say so myself ! I am doing only one thing this holiday which is rather annoying and it shows i have no socail life ! :(:(:( Im going to the cinema with Nicki. I am going to be so bored so if anyone has any thoughts on what i can do or if anyone wants to go out with me just gimme a ring or a text and i will be happy to join you ! LOL bye

 I'm here. Have been here all weekend, apart from yesterday when I was working from 9 till 5, and when I got home I was knackered so I ate dinner and then watched Harry Potter that someone had bought yesterday. Today my uncle came round as it was Lou's birthday, and among all the nice pressies she got 2 dance mats and the Ps game, so we have been on that all afternoon, and I mean since about 2.30! It's now 5 and I've only just given uip, ha ha! Tomorrow I'm going to France for the day with a firned so I probably own't blog as I will be back late, and when I do get back I will try and fit some revision in! That is what I'm going to do now- revision. After a second helping of that triple-chocolate-truffle-900calories a slice-Thornton's-cake..........................

 I got home just after Jackie. Max please blog!!!!!! In fact, everyone blog!!!!!

 i got home at 9 i tihnk ? im knoackered but there u go, it woz absolutly brill dasa ll i can say

 Am I first home or first to be sad enough to come online? Excelent time, can't be bothered to type it all out, way too tired. Just 'cool' is all I can say!

 Ah yes! I was wondering where Tom was, and I've just remembered that he has gone to Thorpe Park too, so I'm all alone, :( No worries though, I've had a lazy morning! Got up about 9.45 having been woken up by Nancy shouting "Bye Jo!" about 3 million times before she went out to school, and got woken up by Louise charging around like a looney in order to get a 7.50am train- crAzy!!! So, I got up, leisurely got dressed, did some washing (aren't I helpful?), read a magazine, had a veyr long phone call to my friend Sarah, ate lunch, now I'm here! What fun. It's flippin' cold outside, hope you guys haven't frozen to death yet, cos that wouldn't be very good. I've got everyhting sorted out for the ball now, and I'm sooooooooooo excited! My hair is gonna be so cool (even if I say so myself!), and I think I'm gonna look quite different, he he! I'm also going to pick up my dress this afternoon, so everthing will be perfect! Yay! My friend had her ball last night (Riddlesdown) and she said the limo was fab, they were all hanging out the windows and waving at anyone possible, so that's something we've gotta try guys! I think it's gonna be brilliant! Who si eveyrone having their photos taken with? Or are you lot having them done on your own? Sarah said they managed to get about 7 people in theirs, I'm looking forward to seeing it to see what it turns out like, ha ha! Generally she had a fab time, but I think ours is gonna be HUGE! Really posh place, nice food, good music, all our friends, having one heck of a time! Right, I reallly shoiuld go and do some work now. I'm going to start by copying up Nicki's history, so I can either post it through her door tonight, or it will perhaps be Sunday? I don't know, gimmie a yell if you need it before then Nicki! Tooooooooodle pip guys. Don't really know why I'm saying that, seeings as none of you are here, but hey. Tooooooooooooodles pips.

 no worries Jo, you weren't to know ! Anyhow we are going what ever the whether is like, but depending on how cold it is we will wear more or less layers of clothes and if it is raining we wont go on the really wet rides like Tidal Wave. I am really excited now except for the prospect of getting up at 7:00Am tmor ! I am going to be wiped out by the end of the day ! anyway ill be off now i may as well start getting my stuff ready, that way i will have more time to do stuff in the morning ! HeHe see ya all tmor ! (except Jo)

 Goooooooood for you! Sorry about that little mix-up Jackie! I hadn't heard the latest update. Anyway. Today is miderable. It was snowing this morning when I was getting ready to come out, it stopped about 9pm, and now it has started raining/sleeting- it's disgusting! Are you lot stil going if the weather is 'orrible? I hope you have fun whateva the weather! Well well. A fun holiday full of revision etc etc and lots of homework. Yipeeee. I'm quite looking forward to the Europa Centre though, even though loads of people have said it's really crap and a waste of time.Ah well, I'm off to turn the heating on and then to do some constructive work- toodle pip!

 It aint happening Jo, cause i dont want it to ! And for those of you wondering wot we r going on bout, its bout david asking me out, i dont wanna go out with him. I am setting this straight now ! but...... Im still excited bout thorpe park ! whooo hooo

 Awwwwwwwww Jackie I heard about what is going to happen at Thorpe Park, that is so sweet and I'm glad for you!

 hehehehehehehheehhehehehehehehehehehhehe hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehhehehehehe hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe OMG 3 days until thorpe park

 I can remember it, just not in vast amounts of detail- especailly history. Geograpjy is so much flamin' work though, I have 4 books. Oh, and 6 history books.

 Wow, look at this! Thomas has spare time! Actually that's a lie, I should be working but I just can not be arsed! Anyway, nothing is happening, just work and more work. What is everybody doing this easter? I am going with my mum and Andy to the Lake District for the first week, then for the second probably starting some revision. I can't even remember most of my year 10 work.

 My nose hurts. And I have just discovered I have an infection in my eaar (as in actually inside my ear lobe)- it was really hurting so I was rubbing it, and discovered this big lump inside my ear lobe. Mother says it is not normal, and I htink it is because I am allergic to alot of my earings. I have just thrown most of my earings in the bin. But how my ear hurts- Nicki I totally sympathesise with you.

 I was in a good mood earlier anyways because 1) I'm going to Thorpe Park 2) American forces are in Baghdad and Brittish have now taken Basra. Its great!!! Now I'm not because of the dumbass lot round the other conrer who decided to push down our human pyramid. You have no idea how much my head hurts now. I really hate Marc, JFK and Flandrews right now and I will gold this as a long term grudge.

 I would love to blog but some body by the name of Hanson decided to give me back all my unmarked IT coursework last week and to be told to do half of it again.

 Hm, havent blogged in ages! I have been tied up in Tech coursework, now I.T coursework. I am currently eating a blackberry pie. Nice. Nic came round today, oh what fun we had! 1st Pizza Hut, then.........oh look at that! I have to go. Toodles folks.

 I'm revising. My sister and about 10 of her mates r going to Thorpe Park too on the inset day- look out for them! 4 days left till easter now thouh (well, school days)- all courseowkr deadlines are t his week I think, although I have everything but my music ocmposition finished, that shold (fingers crossed be finished tomorrow though, at lunch and after school). I still haven't got a brief though, hadve u Tom? Anyway, gtg do some History that I had put right ot the back of my mind, I can't risk not doing it for a 2nd week in a row, Mr Weston will have my guts for garters or something quite similar, no doubt. Talk to ya later guys.

 c'mon why is no one blogging ? I am sooooooooooo excited now only 6 more days until i go to thorpe park ! Me and Nicki are going with Andy, Richard, David D, David T, Max and Oliver, hehe its gonna be sooooooooo fun ! Only thing is i now need to get some money as i have only 15 which is no where near enough, im gonna need about 30-35. but anyhow wot r the rest of u up to on the inset day ?

 Me too!!!! Yipeeeeeeeeeeee! Hey Jackie: *One big giant squishy 'i-can't-breath-dammit-and-i-love-you-too-in-a-freindly-way-yipee-we-will-have-so-much-fun' hug* x 1000000000000000000000000000000000

 Im going to THORPE PARK ! yippee

 I hate that knobby My Gallagher although he does have a nice arse ! LOL He is always having a go at me ! But if he will sit me at the front on my own, of course im going to have to turn round to talk to my mates ! Doh dont theese teachers think ? Anyway... What are you peeps doing in the half term? I know im gonna try and start to revise but knowing me i wont bother which is very stupid, I want to go to Thorpe park and i mite be going so fingers crossed for me ! anyhow im off now byebye

 "he thought we had an exam on Forces only" i believe he actually said he wanted to concentrate more on forces because its the harder topic.

 Sorry Nicki, but I formed that opionion in today's lesson, seeings as he thought we had an exam on Forces only. I mean, who's the teacher,. me or him? Even the set 5's of our year know that the summer exam is going ot be on everyhting we've done this year! Geeeez, he irritated me today. We've been doign forces to death when we coudl have been revising more useful things, like the stuff no-one gets in waves and radiation. Flippin' heck, dudes.

 Mr G is not a twat!!!!!!!

 Yeah. But they probably call him alot of other things that begin with 'B' too........... I can think of quite a few......................... And Mr Moore, he i ssuch a waster. and Gallagher for ebign a twat.

 Kill the one they call "Barry".

 rite... OK ? im confuzzeled ! but that is usaul now LETS KILL THE IT TECHERS SO WE DONT HAVE TO DO THE COURSEWORK ? how bout it guys and gals? Is it a deal ? Come on i need ur support. toodles from ur friend and your fo JACKIE ! X X X X X X X X Im in a weird mood tonite so ignore woteva u want to ignore ! hehe byebye p.s i fancy some-one (it aint david)

 I had to escape, the city was sticky and cruel. Maybe I should have called you first, but I was dying to get to you. I was dreaming while I drove, the long straight ahead. To taste your sweet kisses your arms open wide, this fever for you is just burning me up inside, I drove all night, to get to you. is that all right? I drove all night, crept in your room. Woke you from your sleep, to make love to you. Is that all right? I drove all night. What in this world keeps us from tearing apart? No matter where I go I hear the beating of your heart. I think about you when the night is cold and dark. No-one can move me the way that you do, nothing erases this feeling between me and you. I drove all night, to get to you, is that all right? I drove all night, crept in your room. Woke you from your sleep, to make love to you. I drove all night, is that all right? I drove all night. To taste your sweet kisses your arms open wide, this fever for you is just burning me up inside, I drove all night, to get to you. Is that all right? I drove all night, crept in your room, woke you from your sleep to make love to you. I drove all night. To taste your sweet kisses you arms open wide, this fever for you is just burning me up inside, I drove all night. Honey love love, ooh it'd ease my mind. I need to find time, someone to call mine. My mamma said you can't hurry love, no you';ll just have to wait. She said 'love don't come easy, its a game of give-and-take'. urgh this one is way too fast for me. Never mind.

 Central Command spokesman Jim Wilkinson said: "America doesn't leave its heroes behind. "Never has. Never will."

 Jo here.IT is boring. Bye

 Hello Team. I've finally managed to change my user name/nickname, it had really been bugging mer ever since blogger started, all because I didn't put a capital letter for my name! But, I've changed it so I'm cool now. I also have a new name that i have been using everywhere- JoJo72- for those of u who don't know the band, that's probably lost on you, but never mind. Talk to y'all later guys

 Nicki, you know those photos you said that you would order me, do you want money for them cos I can give it to you if you let me know how much it will be? I think it was only a few piccies that I wrote down when I was at ur house before science revision with Jane. Don't feel down, the sun is out, the birds are singing, and it's nearly all over! Anyway I've got to go as I am going to Goff's party, hope I am not the only one there !!!

 What lovely weather today. I went to Andys breifly today because he needed to give me the money for the photos. I got to see the pups. They are so lovely. Helen was with me because he needed to give her a birthday present. I got to pick em up and stuff. Holly is lovely, she is so sweet. She kept coming in now an dthen tocheck on them and when they started whining she came in. Bless. You can see their personalities already, the lazy one, the attention seeker, the bully...lol. I'm feeling really down though at the moment. Everything is just so, pants. I have found that every year my hayfever is different. This year my brain feels like it is wrapped up in cotton wool.

 You are Morpheus, from "The Matrix." You have strong faith in yourself and those around you. A true leader, you are relentless in your persuit. Argh, bloody HTML. I can't go to Goffs tonight because I have no transport up there and i have no money :( Argh, science and geography exams on Monday. Brilliant. I want to build computers and repair them for my summer job. Dunno what that will bring. Ne1 want a PC fixed? lol.

 well last nite woz good wholesome fun wasnt it? I got up and danced ! ( shock horror) I thought last nite woz great fun and now all we need is anoher party at andys house and then we are sorted. Who has been invited to Goffs and more ipoartanlty who is going to it? Any ideas on what iu can wear? Oh Nicki has Simon emailed you about maybe meeting up to chat some more? Cause he has emailed me ! mwahahaha When he next comes on i will have "the chat" with him. I'm feeling confident about he science exams cause i have been revising like crazy these last few days. Thank god for the sun otherwise i probably wouldnt have done any ! hmmmmm... I want a job ! :@. (angry face) well thats me all of stuff to write so im off now

 You see, I am one of a kind. You two have to share you Neoness. Haha. I saw Xmen 2 yesterday with Darren which was fun. I spoke to Dan on msn which was real cool because I haven't spoken to him since before xmas. I have a camera for the party tonight which should be fun. How shall I have my hair????/ Ah!

 You are Neo, from "The Matrix." You display a perfect fusion of heroism and compassion. urlLink What Matrix Persona Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Hey me too Jackie! Well yesterday I went shopping and then out for a meal with some friends, had a very amusing evening at this really nice Mexican restauraunt, brilliant! This afternoon I'm going up to LOndon as I'm going to see "chicago" the musical as a birthday treat- yay! So hopefully I'll come back with loads of dance moves to parade at my party, lol! Oh and yesterday we went to the party shop, so now we have all the cutlery, plates, decoration, food ideas, water pistols, bubble mixture.........................

 You are Neo, from "The Matrix." You display a perfect fusion of heroism and compassion. urlLink What Matrix Persona Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla I am Neo hahaha gutted

 You are Trinity, from "The Matrix." Strong, beautiful- you epitomize the ultimate heroine. urlLink What Matrix Persona Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Jo - No idea!

 Erm... Scream?

 Erm... Scream?

 What do you do if you think a friend needs help? Like serious help, not just that she's struggling at school or something. What do you do? What if this friend pushes away all the time, won't let anyone in? What if she won't speak to you, won't tell you anything, yet you thought you were her trusted best friend, just as you trusted her? What if she's changed so much you just don't know who she is, you don't understand her? But what do you do if you think this could turn out very badly for her? As in she might do something very stupid, but you can't talk to her, nor her family about it? What do you do??????

 Well, we went up the fiar but it wasnt open ! It doesnt open again until friday ! The rudeness Ne way it woz a lovely day today ! Nicki i think i have simons Email adress !!!!! Hehe Correct that. I HAVE simons email address ! Hehe, I think you have it as well.

 urlLink urlLink Which Teen Movie Queen Are You?

 Well, what an interesting day. At least it is hot now, and I've been doing maths and history i the garden all day, now I am a bit roasty, but hey! Our phone line is dead, no-one can call us, and when pick up the phone you just hear nothing, not even the dialing tone. And it would be on a day that I need to call loads of people to sort stuff out! Plus my phone battery just died. And I discovered I only had 3p credit so I had to go out and buy some more. The umbrella shading me from the scorching sun in the garden keeps falling over. And then to top it all, a bird flies over and craps on my history book. Oh the jiys of living in the Great British countryside. Hope whoever went to the cinema had fun, that film sounded good at first but then the trailers looked a bit silly, and hope people who went to the fair didn't get too burnt, and didn't spend all their hard-earned money!!

 urlLink urlLink Which Teen Movie Queen Are You?

 I think today most people have either gone to the fair or to the cinema to see 'How To Loose A Guy In 10 Days'. I hope you all have fun! I am doing revision today because I was out yesterday and will be out tomorrow. Wahey. Ttyl.

 Damn it, i shoulda come ! Lol, neva mind. Good job you had fun

 Hey guys! I've just got back from Legoland, and boy did I have fun!! Firstly I got in free (saved me 19) and then the first ride I went on, I got so wet I had to walk round wearing wet underwear all day!! all in all it was a great day, I won't bore you all with the details right now!

 I had a fun day today. I went shopping with Pennie and got a new top and earrings. We had a nice pizza hut buffet lunch which was nice. On my way out I saw Angela so I spoke with her for a bit. Her and Simon are so sweet. Speaking of Simons, Jackie......in fact I will pester you on msn now.

 Aww, poor Jackie. Sometimes it does that to me when I am on msn, if teh connect cuts out for a second you are signed out and I never realise so I start to wonder why no one is talking and they realise I have been offline for about ten minutes. Which can be crucial. I didn't know Tom was leaving and this may be late to Tom but: Have a good time! I was forced into science revision earlier. I have done all the enviroment topic now. Bet I won't remember it but I tried. I can't handle the history. Its way too hard. I may go and find Mr Weston after half term to ask for any revision tips for history. I am drinking the most disgusting drink. Lilt. Yuk! I am only drinking it because its fizzy. I am meeting up with Pennie tomorrow to do our Sk8er Boi stalking and then to buy a new top for Friday. It should be a laugh.

 lol okay bey bye Jackie! I htink Tom has gone to Greece sailing, although I ahd totally forgotten that he was going on holiday, i had just heard him mentioning it! But I think that must be where he has gone. Um, nice weather today, sat in the garden and did some revision for about 3 hours, the most I've done yet!! Weather was nice but now it's come over a bit cloudy, hence me being on the PC now! Got to go and pick Nancy up from Guide camp later, so the peace in our house will be broken! aww! I'm off cos I'm eternally bored. Bye bye!

 Oh Bollox, just great. I write a nice long blog press post and publish and then reaslise that my connection to the internet had stopped and i have lost everything i wrote in there. FUCK ( scuse the language) Well Tom has gone to a hot country, but unfortuantly i cant remeber which one. I actually asked tom to write where he was going and what he woz gonna do but he obviousoly couldnt be bothered. Well i went to my cousins yesterday, they live in Oxted and have a mahoosive house and garden. I love it. Btw Jo one of my cousins is gonna be in the upper 6th at Oxted. Jo i will wear themed clothing if that is what you wish foir, although that will mean i will need to go on another shopping trip into Croydon.... Thats not a bad thing though :) Have any of you been invited to a party at Goff's house on the Saturday? ( day after Helen and Pennies) I have been invited but i dont want to go if no one is gonna go ! Oh yea, i still cant work out how you get pictures on here, its too confusing Well that is it from me - The wisdom woman, farwell and goodbye

 Yeah, thanks Nicki!! Just as shame those people who I htought were good friends have let me down. Oh well. At least I've got some really good mates from school to support me!!

 Jo!!!!!! I'm coming for the whole thing hopefully and I will dress up!!! I'm gonna go all out for it :) Thats real rude if they don't come or if they don't make the effort but hey, its makes the rest of our costumes look even better!!!!!!!!!

 Well. I'm so bored. Euroision was pants. Where has Tom gone? it sounds like her is going on holiday, but I didn't know he was? great. I'm always the last one to be told everything. And half the people who I thought were my friends have either refused to dress up to my party, or are putting me second by saying, oh btw I'm only coming an hour before the end cos I can't be assed to turn up for the whole time. Great. Thanks a bunch, 'friends'. I am really pissed off righ tnow.

 Nikko = Mwahahahahahaha. I wont keep you in suspence that long, Just a coupla hours. Well tonite i am going to my aunties and uncles, which will be fun cause they have a nice house and mahoosive garden !! They have a table tennis table ! Whoo oooo. Well thats all my news for the time being so...

 Jackie = yay, but please give it too me. I will love you forever. I will NEVER say a bad thing about your bum and hotpants! i didn't want the eurovision last night. i was watching Bill and Teds Bogus Adventure. Keanu was so funny in that. it was a most excellent film.

 Bye guys, have a good week!

 Nicki, i will be able to get the email address hopefully tmor and the mobile number i am gonna get as well. But i am telling ben not to tell ya so i can tease ya ! Hehehhehehe I want it as well. bye

 Jackie - Nooooooooooooo! Jo - No..... Well to be honest I don't really want to hear all the details of her party seieng as I wasn't invited. If there is any juicy gossip like who snogged who then fine but otheriwse I don't wanna know. So what if that sound selfish or rude I don't care. Would blog more but Keanu is on now.

 Admit what? Did Nicki fancy your friend Jackie? Is that what all the strange italics is about? Anywya, Jo's party was brill last night, it was a proper house party (ie parents cleared out and we had the run of the downstairs etc and the garden), and all in all it was a good laugh! Today I went to work and i've been on my feet all day, they are aching sooooo much! There is sod all on the tv tonight apart from the Euroviaion thing that I WON'T be watching, especailly as those gay Russian girls are singing. And of course dad is so busy cementing the patio he can't go out to blockbusters, so it looks like I'm going to be reduced to doing some revision tonight. How marvellous. Anyway, cya later guys

 Nicki admit it ! Go on say it in this blog. I dare ya !

 German reading yesterday. They spent about half an hour faffing about. Idiots. But no more German! Ever!!!!!! I wnet to see The Matrix Reloaded with Jackie as she said. Yes it was nice seeing a boy from my primary school that i havent seen for 5 years ! It was nice seeing him after all that time. Hehe. Mwahahaha. I loved the film. I don't think it was better or worse than the first. I think its partly because of the way the directors designed the triolgy. As with most trilogys the first film like X-men introduces you to the characters and the story. In this case its helping us to understand the Matrix. Now the 2nd and 3rd films will be jam packed of action as we see neo work out he reasons why he is The One. Btw, Neo is an agagram for one. Hehe.

 c'mon people blog ! Well today woz fun, went to see the Matrix Reloaded with Nicki, Ben Webb, Ed Morrow and some other peeps. Meet a boy from my primary school that i havent seen for 5 years ! It was nice seeing him after all that time. The film was great, lots of action and suspence, although i do believe that the first film was better as it woz more interesting. Now all i have to do is wait until The Matrix Revolutions comes out in Novemeber. Well for those of you that went to Jo. C birthday party, did you have fun? or woz andy's party better? Big Brother has finally arrived, YAY. I already hate one of the housemates called anouska, she is so annoying and loud, she is up for eviction so that is good. Well im off to bed now so byebye.

 OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, I cant beleive it. I have just started chatting with a boy i knew at my primary school. I havent talked or seen him for 5 yrs. In fact he woz one of my boyfriends from primary school. All of a sudden sam lewis comes out with : Guess who i have just been chatting with. I woz like who who who. Anmd he goes Payam from whyteleafe, i woz like OMG Well i must dash its time to catch up !

 HAaaaaaaalllllllllllo people! I'm wearing my kermit t-shirt Nicki!! Yay! Um. Today was entertaining, went into Croydon this morning for a bit of shopping and was actually quite successful which is always good! Gtg cooking spag bol!!

 Gooooooooooooo morning vietnam! Or rather goooooood morning fellow bloggers. What are my plans for the day? At 1.30 i ahve history revison. 2.30 I come home to change books. 3.00 I am meeting Jackie to go to science revision with her and Max. I nearly have an exam nervous breakdown last night!!!!!!!! Too many revsion sessions, too much revsion, too many exams (do we really need 3 for English?), TOO MUCH STRESS.

 Erm... Thanx you mite need to help me out if i try it. Don't you think sasha is hot? hehe i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded, i'm seeing the matrix reloaded. okay enough said.

 Ook ok wellllllll!

 A Lesson On Images This is the html needed to place an image here: Just remove the spaces at the begining and end by the 's.

 English woz fun. Walk home woz boring Film centre stage is good found person i like: Sasha Radetsky I would put a picture on here but i dont know how. Eating lunch now Bye

 Yeha, I though that was quite okay actually, easier than the praactice exams that we were given!! I thought the ROll of Thunder question was a bit tricky tho, asking all this nonse about how much has Cassie learnt of the right and wrong wasy to live? Ridiculous. Anyway, I thought it was okay. I never bother to plan cos it just wastes my time, and I never pay any attention to the plans anyway, so from my experience it;s more worthwhile for me just to start writing, and worry about what I do next when I do actually get stuck, which thankfully dind't happen. But I guess everyone is different! I suddenyl think iof random things to write. So, History revision class tomrrow, I hope you're going Nicki otherwise I'll be lonely! Then a week off- bliss! CAn't wait, havent' got all tht much planned though because I want to do a lot of revision.

 Oh yea baby! I kicked ass on that exam!!!!!!!! Eng Lit is the only exam I ever look forward to you know because I never find them incredibly hard like maths or science. The only problem I had in that exam was that I kep forgetting to start a spiderdiagram or a list of things to include in the essay so each time I wrote the introduction THEN did a small list above that. I think it will be okay though. That lepricorn teacher and another English teacher are so rude! They stood right by my table chatting away, flapping pieces of paper right by my ear while I was trying to work. How rude! They could have distracted me (which they did) and damaged my chances of a good grade! Then the lepricorn put her cup of coffee ON MY DESK. HOW OUTRAGEOUS!!!!! I had a good mind to knock it off 'by accident' but couldn't be bothered. Too much effort really. Good luck everyone! I hope you did well!

 lol. Engligh tmor ! Should be fun except for the fact that i hate writing essays ! Lol bye

 Yes! never ever have to sit through another music lesson ever, anything I do to do with music will be strictly voluntary from now on! And to celebrate, Tom and I have had simulatneous book burnings! I burnt my book which wasn't entierly successful, firstly it wouldn't light, and when it finally caught light some dead leaves caught alight too, and set fire to the fence!! OOPS! when I'd finished, I cam back up and found a folder full of notes and songs from choir, which of course I had to burn too! This was a little more successful, I went down behind the wall at the bottom and created a nice little bonfire, whihc burnt very well for about half an hour until it started to rain. But all my music is now reduced to ashes, which actually feels like a great relief. Ok, so it's vandalism. Ok it ruins the atmosphere. And ok, a few flowers got singed. But hey,. it'ss a weight off myh mind!

 Well, My PE went well today, i answered all the questions and think that it went well. I love PE... Not. I'm not looking towards my other french bits so ahhhhhhh. Photos !

 UUURGH! Hugh Jackman is so FINE though! Anyway guys, I've just got all the rest of my photos back from school and stuff, and I've uploaded them all onto Max's site as he happened to be there, so ask me or Max if you wanna see any of them! I've got some nice groupie ones at school, a few from ice skating, and a load of cool ones from Andy's party, he he he he!!! Anyway, I'm freezing to death here, I'm g onna go put some warm clothes on before I go out and have all my hair cut really short! yay! Bet it looks awful but hey! YAy!

 o_O Another fancier of the old. Good for you I guess. Charles is seen as a fatherly-type of person, and is one you can open up to. He is known to be amiable and very dependable. His genius is only surpassed by his love and understanding of other people. He makes for a great companion with much affection, plus, the baldness *is* kinda sexy. urlLink Who Is Your Ideal X-Men 2 Mate? (ladies only) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Morning. I hope Jackie's PE goes wall today! And anyone else who has an exam! Your ideal mate is Bobby Drake. With his innocent sweetness and his boyish good looks, how can any girl go wrong? He's the type of guy to supply you with all the TLC that you can handle, and he'll always be there for you when you need moral support, or just a shoulder to cry on. Though he is still young, he lacks the experiences of life, and can be naive. urlLink Who Is Your Ideal X-Men 2 Mate? (ladies only) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Hi peeps, long time, no umm blog? Hopefully i will be seeing the Matrix on saturday with Nic and a load of her friends. Revision, bugger. Ive been doing maths most of the time. I need to do some science......

 La la la. I'm so bored. But i've got all my ball photos back and loads of them are so lovelly! I am really pleased with them actually, except I've got my eyes shut in loads of them!!! Anyway today I am going to do loads of revision cos I have done not very much so far this weekend, due to work and rehersals and stuff on Friday, after which all I could think about was shimmying until my garters break, which wasn't a terribly good basis for revision. But hey! It's all f unb really! Talk to ya later guys!

 I have Never been to Party In The Park... So not wahey Oh yea Nicki just to let ya know if i cant get money for friday then i cant go ! Which means neither can you ! Soz... Bowling woz good, i didnt win :( but i came 3rd in one game with a score of 102. My first game i only got a score of 67 ! and that woz with the bumpers up !! David won both our games which woz rather annoying ! I am now watching Never been kissed, which in my opinion is a good film. okay im bored now so im off !

 Greetings, first: Max Please BLOG . Right then, now. What shall I mention? PITP, wahey! I have been there every year except the first one so I have done all types of weather!!!! I wnet out babysitting last night and got paid 15 squid for watching TV for like 4 hours. LOL. Wahey. Went bowling today with some of the gang. I saw my love (Dan The Man) and text him. He texted back. Wahey. I'm going to see the matrix on friday. Wahey. I'm going to see my Amy friend on Saturday. Wahey. I have revison tomorrow. Wahey. Not. I found one of my old sayings which I keep saying again. HOT DOGGING. Wahey. The art exam went well. Wahey. PITP. Wahey. People being my friend in general is a simple wahey. So Wahey for them!!!!!!

 I haven't really got a lot to say, but I felt I haven't blogged for a while so I might as well talk some crap for a minute. Do most of the time anyway. If any of you get bored I've found a site with a load of funny quizzes and stuff to do, might make your weekend more interesting. urlLink totl.net . G'night all.

 Okay thanx for spoiling my fun Jo. There is always a chance they will take me on. You never know. Plus i wont be able to work for a while ne way i just want it for the summer holidays and by then i will be 16 ne way ! so haha Lol. I dont wanna work in a chip shop thanx very much. How do you know every single shop in Croydon says you have to be 16 ? Have you been in every one ? I doubt it very much ! Oh ok i'll shut up now

 jackie, I don't mean to be rude but every single shop inb croydon says u have to be 16! But, the fish and chip shop in warlingham still has a vacancy...... But sorry, I'm workign and revising all next week! Cos I'm gonna have me some fun over the holidays!

 Well, i had my french oral today, it woz well hard and i hated every god damn minute of it. I think i did okay though, probably got half marks? I got health and Eduaction, i would say they were the best 2, cause environment is well hard and so is youth culture ans future plans. Well my next exam is PE so i really have to revise a lot for that, i want to get an A and i know that i can get it if i try really hard. I would say it is my best subject so fingers crossed. Does anyone want to come Job hunting with me? I want to go into croydon some time next week and have a look. Well thats it from me.

 well wht lovelly weather today. I got up about 9am this morning and pottered around for 3 hours, then decided to clear out my room, seeings as I have a huuuge amount of junk stashed away.I started with under my bed, where I foudn a ridiculour number of plastic carrier bags and loads of old chritsmas cards, then I moved onto my desk which contained thousands of unwanted, unloved, unused pens, which promptly went in the bin. NOw if you come into my room you can see the carpet, and it is possible to find what you want in my desk, which is quite an achievement. I also got round to changing the sheets and vacumink all the dust of the paintwork, and then I did an hour's revision before lunch and Neighbours! Since then I have been reivising/chatting on messenger, cos the weather is so foul I can't really be bothered to do anything properly at the moment. I've got to go out before 4pm to be at school for our first Austria rehersal, which I am so not looking forward to. If I get stuck in the front row I will scream, I really will! Also, Mrs Hicks reckons we need a bass guitar for a couple fo songs, so I dread to think what she's got in store for us, probably a shed load of stupid gospel songs that require singing stupid words and waving our arms around like loonies, cos that's what we usually end up doing. Only this year we've got Mrs Kent too, who altough she is nicer than Mrs Hicks, she picks out the most ridiculous songs for her choirs to sing. Oh well, the joys of music. Even though my street cred is going ot be ruined after this, at least I'm leaving you lot here! Must go finished some revision before I have to go and suffer torture, toodle pip guys!

 OOOH, also they do it so the first 2 people get the first set of topics, then the second 2 people get the second set of topics, and so on. So if you're clever enough (but it's a bit c onfusing) you could work out what you may have! But that is a bit too confusing!

 Thank you VERY much Jo. I am bricking myself, i am sooooooooo scared. I should do okay though. Anyway thanx

 Well thank God the aurals are over and done with! I think mine went quite well, or at least Madame Slark was grinning the whole way through, lol! Jackie, in case you wanted to know, the topics that go together are: Self and Family + Environment Health + Education Youth Culture + Future Plans Anyway, for the rest of the morning Tom, Doe, Alex and I sat on the grass and had a laugh at Mr Weston who seemed quite embarrased that we all knew about the poster- nice one Nicki! Alex then walked home, and we went to my house via the chip shop, and had chip butties! I can't believe that Tom and Doe hasve never had chip butties! They weren't the best I've ever had cos really you need thicker bread, more butter and hotter chips, lol! But next time, we have to have fish finger sandwiches, they are just the best!! Bananas are ucky in sandwiche tho! Anyway I've got to do some revision tonight seeings as I've been out all day, lol! See y'all later guys (hope your art is going ok Nicki!!)

 That does sound cool guys! Enjoy yourselfs! Right well it's 10:45, what? I was supose to be asleep by now. Figgs.

 Party in the Park JAckie!

 wot is PITP ? anyway im bored again today, nothing much to do. French revision to do again tonite and tmor though. bye

 I'm not bored any more! WE're going to PITP Nicki!!

 hullo guys and gals. I'm bored, nothing much to do. I'm going now byebye

 RRRRRRRRRAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

 That was amusing. While talking to Pete last night he said Mr gallagher saw it, looked suprised but thinks he took it down. My sister said Seaward left the one on his door up and I think Mr Weston found his one amusing. It was fun while it lasted. I got an email from Mr Bennett because I sent him some of the ball pics as he wasn't there. He wante dto know what Helen was doing in one of the pictures and I quote him when he says: "what is helen doing with her face in the limo?". I couldn't stop laughing at that. Anywho, yes. Got up about 20 mins ago. I have German second lesson then I'll be over to collect Jackie for lunch and revision. I have already have 2 texts from Doe and a phonecall from Jenny which didn't get far because her battery ran out. Brilliant. See you all later!

 Lol, today was fun, French for me was a waste of time, i thought we were gonna go through the oral topic so i was kinda annoyed at that. Nicki put the photos of the scicen lot drunk up round the school but within bout half an hour most of them had been taken down ! :( I dont think they like them much although Mr Moore did. Well after the french i went back to Nicki's house and we have now organised a revision session tmor in Croydon library, I cant beleuve im doing it but there ya go ! Hehe. Well nothing much more to say. I'm off

 ok Well I finally got my necklace back (he he!) after Jackie forgot, so I went to science revision and Jackie went home to get it for me. I went to french second lesson which was actually quite handy, and then I went to see Miss Bashir with Scott and ssarah which was VERY helpful! She's set up a few more dates when we can go in adn see her to go through loads of stuff. Which is useful. Tomorrow I'm doing some more revision (wow!) and going in at 2.30 to see Miss Bashir. Then more work on my french aural, and then mum and I are going to spend the whole day on Wednesday going through them all so I'm fully prepared for Thursday, cos I'm soo nervous about it! Other than that the day has been really boring, cos I've been revising all day! Not much to say really, so I'm going to go now! Bye

 Sure thing Jo, Soz i forgot i had the necklace in my bag plus you were pretty gone last nite. I been up Andy's again today, i saw his ickle puppies, they are soooooooooo cute, me and Nicki are both gonna buy one ! hehe if we can convince our parents that is. I want to get a trampoline so badly now, i mite just live with andy so i can go on the trampoline. Last nite woz wicked, but now that all our fun is over it means that we have to get down to some work and get ready for our exams ! ahhh I'm so nervous now, i don't want to do my exams anymore i would rather stay at school for another 3 yrs. Ne way im off now

 JAckie, u forgot to give me my necklace, or I forgot to ask for it, could u please bring it to french tomorrow, if you're coming in for it?

 Yeh he he he he! I had so much fun last night, boogeying and mingling and socialising! It was absoulately fab, far better than I thought it was going to be! The teachers were hilarious though, all smoking like chimneys and half of them turning up pissed or stoned! What a bad example to set! Anyway, I thorogulsy enjoyed myself and I will remember that night forever, I really will. It was absoultely brilliant, even down to the last details like Mrs Kent beeping at us on the motoway cos we were all waving out the windows like looneys, oh and of course Oliver winning Best Smile, he was in his element last night! I really thoroughly enjoyed myself, thank you all for making it so special for me! I got to go guys, my hair is still a mess, see you at Andy's!

 hehehehehehehe The ball woz well cool !! hehehehe Shame bout my headache. But i still had fun. Lots of photos taken and many more at Andy's tonite ! Hehe Andy has got a bouncy castle and his trampoline ! whoo hooooo I'm in my element tonite. I will show ya my sumersults ! whoo hooo. I'm so excited. Oh yea does anyone know why blogger wanst working this morning? Well enough said.... Justin Timberlake (Nicki and Jo you know wot im talking bout ) Ok im off now

 Especially you.

 Yep, especially me.

 Waterproof mascara everyone!

 Well we have finished. Wow im so excited... Too be honest im not as we are coming back and we are gonna see each other tonite ne way ! BTW its meant to be really emotional tonite ! So beware

 yyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssssssssssssss! WE've finsihed! I'm finished! Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooooooooo! I am so hyper! Nicki was so sad, it was so sad, I was so sad, donna and i cried all the way down the hill, it was all soopoooooooooooooooooooo sad! I'm off to paint my nails and wacth niehgbours! TTYL!

 Wahooooooooooooooooooooo!

 Well, im not gonna miss much, possibly cause im gonna be coming back. I will miss the peeps that dont come back to 6th form. Well is it only me or are the peeps coming in my limo slightly pissed off? I think it is rude that we are not gonna get dropped off at our houses it means that our parents have to come and pick us up ! But anyway im looking forward to seeing you all at the ball your all gonna look fab. Make sure you look ur best for tmors photos.

 Things I will miss: Friends, teachers, lessons. The YMCA, S Club Juniors dance, Science. Piggy back races, human pyramids, people beating me up. PE (omg!), assembles, Friday last lessons. Sitting with Lee in most lessons, our art table, English lessons. There is many more but I cannot be bothered to write, I'll get way too upset! Jo - paint now, touch up tomorrow.

 Well guys, this is it! It's so sad! Really, I will probably be sobbing tomorrow! I'm soooooooooooooooo excited tho! I've still got to get David D and Jen to write in it, oh and Helen, and then I';ve got all of our gang in the book, which was the main aim! Lots of piccie taking tomorrow guys! Casn't really say much else cos I'm sooooooooooo excited! Now the big dilema- paint nails now, or tomrrow?

 I think it was nice of him to write that because he was putting something personal about you rather than a simple 'good luck' like some teachers. Like in mine he wrote something thast really only I would understand properly. Madness. Well ya'll know about my wrist problemo yah? Well I got my mom to look at it (she used to be a nurse) and its def swollen so its def worse that it was! Nooooooooooooooooo! Oh yea, Tom you havn't finished writing in my boooooooooooooooooooook! I couldn't find a sheep so here is a hampster:

 Well, im trying to get loadsa of teacher to sign my book. But Mr bennett is evil this is what he wrote in my book: Well done Jackie you have made it. I will not forget your radio play, your deep manly voice was excellent. Good luck. Mr bennett. I thin kthat woz well outta order, but what the hey it is funny ! IM SO EXCITED. Photos tmor so u lot better be looking good !

 Ok OK, I'm blogging! Well today was a laugh. photos before school, photos at lunch, I now have eveyrone on this blog in my book apart from the blogster herself, Nikko! So Nikko, see me tomorrow and you'd better get writing! Anyway, in maths today I think Mr Blincoe was trying to suggest that we devise a method of cheating in the maths exam cos he said we need to have a signal to show what is wrong. OH dear, I really hope he wasn't serious, but he sounded as if he was. RE was ok cos we wacthed 'My Big fat Greek Wedding' which is such a funny film! None of my class seemed to get the jokes tho, I htink it was a bit wasted on them! I'm not writin gmuch cos I'm so excited about tomorrow and FRIDAY! I'm gonna just be a ball of e xcitement! If you can be that! But hey! Got to go cos I think Neighbours might be starting soon, bye!

 blog god damn it !

 im insane all the time, so dont worry bout it Jo ! hehe Im going to bed now byebye see ya all in the morning brite and early

 P.S: If I'm totally insane tomorrow, it's because Louise has spent all morning downloading tracks on the net and burning them onto a CD. It wouldn't be so mad if these songs were decent, but they happen to all be by Alvin and the Chipmunks, and range from things such as 'Play that Funky Music' to 'Macarana' and 'Time Warp'. They are truly dreadful, and to make it worse they're sung by cabbage chipmunks.

 Awww! Very amusing. I didn't do that IQ thing either, I didn't know it was on. I can't actually remember what I did last night. OHyeah I can, I was revising with mother, which was actually helpful. Today I got up about 9.30, ate a leisurley breakfast (cos everyone was alrady up and in the garden), oitered around my room listening to music and chilling, and finally got dresed aboyut 11am. I then did 2 hours on maths before lunch. After lumnch I lay in the hammock in the sun for an hour, then I got attacked by Nancy cos apparently I was a pirate and I might attack the ship she was sailing round the garden. So I grabbed a plastic sword and started fighting back, and it ended with her walking the plank. I then took over the sh ip, but got bored after a while a decided to jump up and down on the exercie trampoline. Then my legs got wobbly so I gave up, went back inside and did some more music appreciation, ha ha. Then I went out for a biyccycle ride with my down all across these fields and stuff, and I can tell you, boy does my back-side hurt. But anyway! I'm going to do some history revision later, and I'm going to do some more science with mother tonight. Toodles pip for now guys (seeings as MSN isn't working), and see you all tomorrow!

 Well I stayed in bed for about half an hour and then my dad convinced me to help him in the garden. Lawn mower doesn't work. So lets go inside and see if I can get the computer to work. Oooo, I know what the problem is, why don't I just move the hard drive into the other computer and then look at it? Good idea, I thought. So I did. Then it caught alight and smoke started to rise out of the computer. Back to the drawing table. Bloody cabages, should have stayed in bed.

 Very good. Unfortunatly I can't do these tests without getting a false mark, so I won't bother. For the following paragraph, replace the word 'cabage' with something that ryhmes with "ducking" and starts with "f". A terrible day. Tried to dig a cabage hole for a cabage plant in the cabage garden, but some cabage idiot built the cabage garden on cabage clay so I can only go about cabage 10cm. Another one of my cabage computers has decided that computer-cabage-life isn't just worth cabage living and is now sulking in the corner of the room not doing anything. I have a cabage head-ache and I can't cabage think straight. It's half past cabage eleven and I'm going to cabage bed.

 Well i mite as well post my results from test the nation now. I got an IQ of 112 I got 54 out of 70 I got 3 wrong on language I got 2 wrong on memory I got 6 wrong on logic I got 3 wrong on numbers I got 2 wrong on perception I beat both of my parents, which was good. My dad got an IQ of 94 and my mum had an IQ of 106. Any way i am very pleased about that as it means i am above average. Yippee anyhow what did the rest of you lot get? that is if you did the quiz !

 Yea today woz gud wasnt it ? I like the fact i brought only one thing and i had the most money out of all of us. I mangaed to get on blogger earlier but at the time i couldnmt think of anything to write so i didnt bother, instead i went on habbo and deleted all the poeple in my friedns list ! lol Sorry bout the spellings im kinda writing quickly cauase my dinner is coming. #Are you all gonna do the test the nation IQ test? I am, last yr i did quite well considering i was only 14 , i did werll for thwe 16-25 section. which is encoraging. Lol anyway i must dash as my mother is calling for me to get my dinner b4 it gets cold so asta la vista

 Jackie, seeings as I have only just got onto Blogger I will still answer your question! We went into Croydon this morning because you wanted a necklace and a hair accessory for Friday's Leavers Ball. We looked in every shop possible (lol!) and in the end you bought a clear clippy thing that you can put in your hair in about 6 differernt ways for an 'up-do'. Let me know how it goes and how you're going to have you hair! You didn't buy a necklace though. Tom bought some stuff in Next and something in Smiths that completely escapes my mind, and then he bought Die Another DAy in HMV, where he also paid for my Harry Potter CD because he had a voucher to use (but there is money sitting here next to me waiting to be given to him on Tuesday morning!). Then we went home because I had a rehersal to get to, and by the time I had got home I had 10 minutes to eat lunch before I had to go out again! I then went to a rehersal for my concert next week, and I think it's going to be a really good one, even if I say so myself. Imagine 6 clarinets all playing melodiouys and spectacular tunes, and that's what you;'ll get next Sunday! One boy is totally hopeless though, I think he's gonna be kicked out and replaced, lol!!! Anyway, I have just done a make-up trial for the ball and have decided against weird and wonderful makeup, I'm just gonna go with natural colours on!! Nothing blue or purple, I'm gonna look normal. ANyway, my hair is gonna be quite, um, different, so I don't wanna over do it. Other than that, I'm all sorted now! yay! I'm so excited about it! I'm going to do some revisoin this evening, and apparently we're going out for a family day tomorrow. Yippe. ACtually, we haven't been out anywhere for ages, so it should be good. Better go, I think I have to go and cook a vegetable curry!

 nooooooooooo, its too early ! LOL joking I forgot what we are going to croydon for ! please remind me. Oh and Tom are you coming i cant remeber whether you said yes ! I watched the guru today and it was ok, i thought it was a bit dull though, it wasnt as funny as people said. anyway see ya tmor whoever is coming

 Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. Well today I went to work again. Interesting day in all, encoutered the Warlingham May Queen, a very sexist man, and an old lady who links singing and bendy toilet brushes. Other than that the day was pretty routine, and I get to learn how to use the till next Saturday! How fun!! Sounds sad, but it all looks quite fun really, swiping credit cards and stuff! Um. Other than that, I was awake half the night last night because I kept having dreams about the ball, and I was so excited about leaving I hardly slept a wink! Hope I get some more sleep before Friday, otherwise I won't make it to the ball! Anyway, we're having a ridiculoursly early dinner otnight cos Nancy has friends round, so better go! Byeeeeee. BTW, see you 10,.30 tomorrow morning Jackie!

 I may pop over to see you but I need someone to go with me. Jackie?? Any takers? This Is Your Song Live your life to the fall With a lifetime of smiles Made us know right from wrong Always knowing a lie You made us to be tough But never too rough Rise above what you said Never easily lead. And one day we'll all sing along 'Cause this is your song I wrote it for you It won't take all day just a minute or two You were a friend Walk with you to the end And one day we'll all sing along 'Cause this is your song So I'll try and go on Loving all that we know Through the hardest of times you put on a show You made us stand tall When all around us would fall Even when you were alone You believed you could fly And one day we'll all sing along 'Cause this is your song I wrote it for you It won't take all day Just a minute or two You were a friend Walk with you to the end And one day we'll all sing along 'Cause this is your song And one day we'll all sing along 'Cause this is your song We wrote it for you It'll take all our lives Just to help us get through You were a friend Walk with you to the end And one day we'll all sing along 'Cause this is your song.

 Well if you want somebody to come I am around on that Sunday - chat to me on MSN. We are leaving school! Finished required education! The fact most of us have 2 years of 6th form followed by 3 or 4 at Uni doesn't really matter, but you get the idea! Hehe. I'm actually nervous, and I know I ain't the only one! I've changed my book writing thing slightly, I'm going to buy a book with lined pages for peeps to write messages in and I'm going to use a blank book for signitures from random people and staff, plus I want people to draw a picture of themselves - just something slightly different from the normal thing. I have the photos from the skating, however I didn't use a fast enough film because the shop didn't have it, so unfortunatly they came out really dull, which I am quite annoyed about, but I have got some much faster film now - just got to try again! Jackie was talking about another Thorpe Park trip in July sometime? I can't remember the date, but what do we think? Anyway, I need my beauty sleep, about a decades worth, g'night.

 Well. HEre I am, at last! What a disguisting day. Raining, all day long. There was a brief period of glorious sunshine at about 4pm this afternoon, but since about 5pm it's been simply horrible! Dioesn't crap weather just make you feel awful? I really hope it doesn't do this next Friday, cos a) we're gonna get our outfits soaked, and b) my hair'll get ruined!! But hey! I've got the camera sorted now, mum says I can borrow hers cos it's easy to load and stuff, and she's got me a couple of spare films for lots of snapping away! They're gonna be my last memories of Warlingham, so they'd better be good ones, he he! I am so excited about next week, I can't wait! eveyrone I know has to write in my book, plus put their phone numbers and addresses and stuff! And I'm gonna get some of my faveourite teachers to write in there too, ha ha! So nothing too rude in their guys! And of course camera is coming in every day, to be put to good use! THink I should have a couple of good piccies from today at lunch, all of us girlies! Anyway, tomorrow I am going to work, again! Then I will probably try a bit of revision in the evening. Sunday I;'m revising and then I've got a rehersal for a concert that I'm playing in next Sunday. Does anyone want to come? I know you probably all don't, but just in case you want to find out what I work my guts out for all the time, you can come along to All Saint's Church in Sanderstead at 3pm, Sunday 11th May to watch me play 1st in a sextet that I'm playing. But none of you lot will proably wanna come, but hey. LAst ever chance to see JoJo in a concert, ha ha! Other than that, not much, sounds sad but I'm really lookng forward to getting back on Tuesday so I can see eveyrbody and jump up and down with excitement and stuff! Lastly, are we gonna have a group photo at the ball? Or shall we just go in 2s or 3s? I don't think that we'll get eveyrone from our gruop in, so maybe it would be best to decide to go in 5s or summink? I dunno, I'll talk to donna see what she wants to do! Talk to y'all later guys

 What ride was that Jo?

 I wish I had that other buggy and the trolley that we found behind the fence :D Perhaps we can go down to Safeway and ask for a trolley on Friday :D I shall be bringing the usual equipment, vid cam, digi cam, etc. Just for advance warning, this SUNDAY i am NOT FREE. Nic is home :D I am having children between the ages of 30-35. Final. Just thought I would state that.

 ha ha ha yes. I think that verba; abuse was from me, in the form of "Tom you're a bastard!!!!", "fuck", "I bloody hate you" and "piss off". Needless to say, all those insults were when I was on a ride that scared the crap outta me, and Tom had lied to get me on there! So yeah, once again excuse the language but I feel it was justified!!!

 I feel so special now I know Jackie, Darren and Nicki talk about me on the bus *tear to eye* Thorpe Park, amazingly quiet compared to last time. Got some good ries in, seems like everybody enjoyed the day in some form or manner, even if it was verbaly abusing their friends...

 Paul looks nice, i must meet him sometime, maybe?

 Being pushed by Richard...........Then I took over and shoved him into the fence.

 he he he yeah wiocked day! The pram was hilarious, they pushed poor Paul everywhere (btw Nicki that is him in the pram!!!). I had a great day even though I didn't do anything more crazy than singing old macdonald on the flying fish, but i'm happy! Ummm yeah. Not really go tmuch more to say cos I've got a headahce! I can't come to the park on friday nicki cos I'm working, sorry. Umm. Yes. Well. Have fun at Thorpe Park on Wednesday Nicki and Jackie, and um, yeah! bye bye!

 Also, last night, I was very bored, so started taking pics with my cam. Cables behind my PC Cables again behind my PC Cables on the floor by the PC Some tools and cables My room The F'ing printer The light switch Various CD-ROMS My eaten pot noodle

 We had such a kewl time at Pork Farm today! We got there, and I went on Collossus 3 times, Nemesis 5 times, and Quantum 4 times. Also went on rapids, loggers leap, stampede, detonator, tidal wave. The journey home was HILARIOUS! We were taking the piss outta richard, and we found a dumped babies pram in the bin, so we pulled it out and, um, well....used it. As shown here....Honestly, I really wish I had my vid cam.......

 WE GOT STARTED ON! Basically we were sitting on the bus and there wioz this lairy girl on there. I was supposedly staring at her so he told me fuck off ect... Me being me, i rolled my eyes at her and muttered whateva under my breathe. She then goes " Dont talk about me bitch or i will knock you out, so once again i rolled my eyes and said "ok". Then the girl shut up and us lot carried on talking. The girl moved forward though and started listwening to our convo. We started talking bout tom and thorpe park. She then comes out with: Is that Tom going out with a girl called amy. So i replied no not likely. Then she started having a go at me cause of the way i said it! Us lot continued talking and then she came out with: Dont talk about me so i replied erm i wasnt! then she went on bout how she was gonna knock me out so Darren started laughing, then she started having a go at him ect... Then she shut up and wee continued talking until mine and darren stop, as we went to get off the bus she said: Don't even try looking at me or i will get off and beat the shit outta you. So Nicki decided to get offf the bus with me and darren! The whole time she was talking in a black persons voice thinking she woz well hard. Grrr i really hate peeps like that, she is such a hoe! thats it.

 Aww cool Max. Bless yas. Well i saw Bruce Allmightt with Emma, Darren and Jackie. Good film, very funny. I enjoyed it plus I got to throw handfuls of popcorn at Emma. Mwahahahaha. I will let Jackie tell you about the bus incident though.

 Nic phoned me today, from Ibiza! We couldnt chat for long, because she was using a payphone. Its 2:30, and i'm off to bed. Night.

 Right, lets re-run last night. Its now 12:30. Apparently I have a virus on my system. NAV is auto-protect enabled, and I have run 4 different types of FULL virus scans. No viruses were found, maybe meaning TOM has a virus. Good luck Tom :D

 Well i've been cleaning ink out of my printer all day, FUCKING THING. Sorry.

 Being bored about being bored. Wow. Now that's bored.

 See. I even got bored just doing that.

 I am glad you enjoyed yourselves. Finally, for the next three days I have something to do. Tomorrow, cinema. Tuseday, Keanu Film Day. Wednesday, Thorpe Park. Other than that, just to prove how bored I am I am typing this out completely (no copying and pasteing...): Bored bored bored boredy bored. Boy am I bored. Soo bored. Nothing to do, nowhere to go. Bored. B. O. R. E. D. Bored. BoReD. bOrEd. Booooooored.

 WAHEY!!!!!! That was the best bloody concert ever!!!! WWWWWAAAAAAAAAAA! Got to go to work now, will try and elaborate tomorrow night, which is going ot be the next time that I get home, lol!!Bye now peeps!

 Well, THORPE PARK!!! WOOHOOO

 That was a very amusing blog Jackie, made me chuckle. Hey, proof now that you read the entries! Wahey! I hope you get a smashing tan on your holiday, its nice to have a tan, it makes you feel generally better about yourself. Oh, and I will give you my address when I next see you if you don't have the full one already. That is if you even want mine! Oh yea i can write about everybody who fancies Simon the new boy! wa? Can you flesh that out a bit please..... Glad you guys had fun at the concert :) I was listening to my sisters Bon Jovi album and it is pretty good. I prefer Bryan Adams though. Bless you Max you really are obsessed. Posting on ere at 3 in the morning. Outrageous. Do you not sleep? Well today I am doing sod all so if anyone wants to go to the park to sunbathe and generally just mill about down there contact me before 1. LOL.

 Ah, erm, its 4am, the birds are singing and its getting light outside. I think I had better go to bed. Come back Nicola! Where are youuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!

 How peculiar, its now 2am in the morning, and a wasp almost dropped down my neck!!! Anyway I got the loft stick and squashed it. Wasps at 2am??? Theres no nests nearby?

 THAT WAS FANTASTIC! The was brilliant! It was the best! Bon Jovi rocks! YEAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHA! WHOAOAOOAOAOAOAO! Good evening Hyde Park, London, England! Looooooolaaa! Loooooooooooolaaa! On the streets where you live girls talk about their social lives. An angel's smile is what you sell, You promise me heaven, then put me through hell. Everybody needs somebody to love. That's what you get for falling in love. YEAH!

 Nothing can beat the tan I have on my waist :D Ok, ok, odd place, but its natrual and it kinda fades as it goes up my body. :S strange. Oh well, Nic likes it, lol. There is a section of carpet in my room which STRONGLY smells of cheese, its awful. So, I went downstairs and under the sink was this Febreeze stuff (u must of heard of it on TV), so I thought I would give it a try. I sprayed it on, and the smell has gone all round the house. I now have a headache because of the strong Febreeze smell. I HAVE TO SLEEP WITH IT TONIGHT, ITS RIGHT BY MY BED :@ I would need Nic in bed with me to take my mind off it :D Talking of Nic... :D P.S: That first picture of nic is the desktop background on my laptop :D

 I don't miss any science experiments cause they were always rubbish and most of the time we did them wrong ne way! And yes i admit i did the hands on bit except if it was to do with water and then i ended up having water fights with andy and max and getting shouted at by either micheele or Nicki to come and help! Oh the joys of science. I believe that pigs cannot fly as: 1. They have no wings 2. They are fat 3. they are useless 4. they just can't okay? Now i think i have eaten my dinner too quickly as i now have a rather annoying stomach ache which is pissing me off, maybe i just need the toilet??? LOL, jokes. No i don't i only went 10 mins ago! Now i am making an effort today to write as long blog as usually mine are really short and boring and i'm sure none of you guys/ gals read it cause i always seem to write about the same things! I would just like to say that i am really excited about Thorpe park and i can't wait to go on collosus and Nemises inferno... Again! I am also looking forward to my holiday as it will be great fun and i will come back with a smashing tan to put you all to shame! hehe. The only thing i'm not looking forward to is WAXING me legs ect... Cause you know i have to have beautiful legs cause i dont wanna be walking around all stubberly and looking like a man wearing a bikini/ swim suit. Now i would like to know your adresses so that just in case i decide to send a postcard i can send one to you lot, usually i dont send postcards but i thought i would try something new this year! hmmm... What else can i write about? Oh yea i can write about everybody who fancies Simon the new boy! But i wont cause that is just boring. Now me i like the boy that was wearing the top with no arms, he had a sexy look to him, although i know for a fact he wouldnt look at me twice! Now i would like to say school sucks and that i hate it, but me being silly i am going back to take some stupid subjects then i'm gonna be even more stupid and then go to Uni. Although i havent decided on that yet as i dont know what i wanna do. That makes it slightly difficult when choosing courses and stuff. Now by now i should think your all thouraghlly bored stiff from reading the crap i have writeen above so i will sign off here! Goodbye

 Hmm. Well as much as I need to get a job really I can't this summer because I will keep asking for days off here and there for that U-Project trip I am on. So I would probably get sacked within....2 weeks? Well I will def get a job towards the end of the summer/begining of sixth form because that is when all the Uni folk will quit their jobs as they head off to uni and their holidays with their friends. Hmm, this shall be interesting because what I am actually do right now is just typing so I can see if people actually read the posts on here. So I am going to ask and say random things, I will only know if you have read it by you mentioning it so lets have a lookie and see where this experiment goes. Speaking of experiments does anyone miss science experiments? I know in our set 1 class they could sometimes be hard but I thought our was of actually doing them was funny. Geting in one large group of 7 rather than the 3/4 we were supposed to be in...LOL. Then of course everyone has their own jobs. ie: I would take results, Max would time, Andy would refill the acid of whatever, Jackie always did the hands on part. It worked and made it fun. Hmm...can pigs fly? That's a scientific question. For my birthday this year I want to do something crazy...yes...I want to go horse riding! Woo! I have never been before and I think it would be a laugh. Hmm..I wonder if they have any jobs going at the nearby stables. That would be great. Working with horses. Ok ok, so it'd be mucking out but hey, its stil work and its physical work so it would look good to any future employers. Wahey! Sorted. I think. Moose.

 well, the job hunting didn't go well, i will have to go back in but this time with a CV cause all the shops wnat one! Grrr. Clintons cards are looking for Sunday workers so hopefully i can try and bag a job there! But i am gonna wait until i come back off my holiday otherwise i will get a job and then i will say: Actually im going on holiday for the next 2 weeks can i start then! lol, the joys of jobs!

 Oooo! Change of plans for me! Monday: cinema with Emma seeing Bruce Almighty.

 Awww, bless ya Max. You really are obsessed! Yay Tom! Yay! Good luck with job hunting Jackie! Today I am not really doing much. I may clean my room I may not. I may go to the garden centre I may not. I may watch a video I may not. I may paint my nails I may not. Who knows?

 Only 19 hours until Bon Jovi! YAY!

 Lol, Max ur obsessed!

 The 6th form induction days were ok. I took on that day ICT, AVCE Business, Media Studies, Design Tech. Then we left for daves at the beginning of 5th lesson for a sleepover. That was great fun; we dragged the dancemat, PS2, TV, DVD's, laptop and some other stuff downstairs to muck around with. In the morning, I got up and went down to the newsagent to get a copy of PCZONE UK, which has previews of Max Payne 2! Yay! On my way home from Daves (I has to walk from Selsdon to Caterham) I thought to myself "Ah, I bet im gonna see somebody I know walking down Limpsfield Road, I bet it'll be Robert". Sod's law came into play; so yes, I saw Rob with his boyfriend walking down Limpsfield Road. At the bus stop just before I saw Rob, I thought I saw Nicki.J at the bus stop, and as my eyesight isn't very good, I couldnt make out who the person was, but I thought it was Nic. It turned out to be Robs mum! :-/ Hey! I walked through the park today on my way home! It was about 12:00 ish. When did you lot get there? I can't resist posting this: (Sorry Nic!) :D YUMMY!!! My plan of the week: Saturday - Cry because Nic is going away for the whole week. Sunday - Nothing. Monday - Thorpe Park. Tuesday - Nothing. Wednesday - Nothing. Thurdsay - Nothing. Friday - Cry because i'm so happy Nic is coming home! :D Saturday - Talk to Nic. Sunday - Go to park with Nic!!!!! YAY!!!!!!

 Boo, i'm a tiger in disguise. I will roar at you and u better be damn right scared or i will eat ya! anyway, the park today was bit on the boring side until i started climbing trees, it was quite fun actually and its surprising how high i can climb! ERm its only a few days until Thorpe park now, i can't wait it will be wicked and we will have a great time! Job hunting tommorrow so i mite have a job!

 Ok Jo. No problem. I am glad you are looking forward to Bon Jovi. I hope all goes well and that you have a great time.

 Well guys! Won't be here for a while so I'm apologising in advance Nicki! Won't be around at all tomorrow, might make it Sunday morning, but after that I won't be around until WEdnesday night or possibly thursday due to my hectic schedule! Anyays, Gimmie something for the pain, gimmmie something for BLUEEEES, gimmie me somethig for the pain that I feel when I'm hanging on a hangman's nooooose, gimmie something for the pain, gimmie something I can usseeeee, can't remember the rest! oh no! Back to the CD! I'm listening to the White Stripes "Elephant" at the moment, it's really good! 'Seven Nation Army' is wicked, but there are some really good acoustic tracks on it too, I would think that Max and Nicki would proably like it, not sure whether Tom and Jackie would though?! Anyways......... Hmmmm. Cinema was good last night, 'Bruce Almighty' wasn't anywhere near as bad as I thought it would be, actually had me laughing quite a lot! Anyways, lolooking forwa rd to BonJovi soooooo much! I Can't describe how mcuh! Plus thorpe park too, h eh ehh e! Bye now, gtg to work!

 Today - park (hopefully but it looks like its gonna rain, grrr) Saturday - nothing Sunday - nothing Monday - nothing Tuseday - Keanu Film Day with Ashleigh Wednesday - Thorpe park! Thursday - nothing Friday - nothing. And that is next week planned out. Go me and my brilliant social life! I thought yesterdays taser lessons were interesting. I am loking forward to the art and textiles courses although I was not impressed with the textiles taser. I mean, it was like being in a taster lesson for year 7. I sat there and weaved for 30 minutes. I mean, aaargh! Its so feminine! And sterotypical of women! Yes yes, I know its hard for the teachers to do taster lessons but still. And they were doing that typical thing teachers do "Oh how lovely!" next person "That looks nice!" next person "I like that colour". Argh! They don't actually mean the compliments!!!!!! EEEEEEEEEE! But anyways, histroy was amusing. Westy couldn't spell my name right, he did Nicky, Nickee and Nickie. Duh. NICKI. Geology was well, chaos because I had no idea what to do and felt stupid all over again so here we go back into the same old science routine of me being dumb. Art taster was great, I produced a nice chalk and charcol shell whcih I am rather pleased with and Miss Starky seemed to like it as well. English Lit I am really looking forward to. War literature and all. Engjoyed that. Amusing lesson.

 I had an over sized lasagne, not sure which is better... Beep.

 Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm............Over cooked lasagne.......................................

 1 day, 20 hours, 44 minutes and 5 seconds until Bon Jovi concert starts! YAAAAAAY! I can't wait, it is going to be brilliant! Today. Business and Economics, um, pretty much the same as before only more detailed. Geography, Mrs Green is so friendly, but doesn't shut up, but friendly. ICT, well what not to say? BARRY! Hehe. Media Studies, looks great fun, something I really want to do. Diary is as follows... working tomorrow. Saturday, Bon Jovi! Sunday, sorting out the house for next weekend (mothers party!). Monday, Thorpe Park! Tuesday and the rest of the summer, eat, sleep, and repeat. 1 day, 20 hours, 39 minutes, and 26 seconds to go! BOOOOOOOOON JOOOOOOOOOOVI! Beep. Hehe.

 Well, i dont like the new blog. I had just got used to the old one and now they go and bloody change it! Grrr. Well i am going job hunting tmor with Darren although i believe that all the jobs have gone and it will be a waste of time but neva mind its a chance to get out! Well today woz okay, but i now belive that Simon doesnt like our group of freinds, i dont particulary care tho cause he seems to get on with other peeps! Erm... Only 9 more days until i go on holiday ! Yay, i can't wait i'm really excited now, it will be sooo good. I will come back really borwn and i can rub it all in when we visit the park maybe. Well i have notinh gmore to say.

 Well well, what a busy girl I am! Did practically nothign all day apart frmo go out for my nan's birthday lunch, and read HP all avo! However, tomorrow I'm booked in to read all morning (lol!), working from 12.30 till 4.30, going to a rehersal at 4.35 until 6pm, and then going to Michelle's house for a 'groupie' until 11pm! Wow! Then I need to be at work by 9am Saturday until 12.30 when I will depart so I can get a train to be in London by 2.30, ready to run in the gates of Hyde Park at 4pm, and screaming at BonJovi support acts by 7.30, then hollering at THE BonJovi by about 9-9.30ish! Wow! Then home by about 1ish, hopefully. Sholudn't be too late. Then I'm waitressing Sunday afternoon, 2 till 11pm i think, who knows with the lifestyle I'm leading at the moment?!!! At least I get paid. Oh yes, then Monday Thorpe Park. Oh and Tuesday rehersal at 12.30 till 1.30, shopping until 3pm, then back to school for another rehersal at 3.30. WEdnesday I've got an induction day at Oxted so I have to be out of the house by 7.45 in order to get the 8am train to Oxted! Then I probably won't be back before 5pm! Yay! Thursday I'm working all day for my dad. Friday I've actually got a day to relax, providing I'm not called into work! Woweeeeeeeeee I'm going to be exhausted! Anyways, how were the taster lessons today? Can't have been any more boring than my day, mind you! I'd like to know how Tom's unplanned history lesson went, lol! Nicki, what was art-textiles like? And how many external students got lost, ha ha?! Anyway, Tom I am coming to the rehersal tomorrow but late as I said earlier, I phoned Mrs Hicks (aren't I good!) to let her know, just so she doesn't have my head off when I finally arrive! Anyway gtg now, toooooodles!

 Ooooooh new blogger!

 Ooooooooo! I like this new version of blogger! Very swish!!!!!! Today should be amusing. Taster lessons and the whole chaos of it. I feel sorry for the external students, they won't know where half the rooms are! Bless! Slight panic last night. The fire alarm went off!! But there was no fire. So I am knackered now for wondering what the hell was going on. Hey, at least we know it will wake us up if there was an actualy fire.

 boo, said the tiger

 Today was really boring. It was just a repeat of everything he has said to us in assemblies or at career conventions.Grrr. Good to have most of the gang back together though. Missed Darren and Emma and of course Jo. Grr.

 Well hello guys. I don't actually know why I'm saying hello though, seeings as you're all at school for your induction day, in which case: hope it's going/went well! I've just got back from my mum's work- I went to see if Harry Potter was delivered but it wasn't; so I've come back annoyed and I'm now munching through a box oc chocolates to make me feel better, lol. Probably just end up feeling sick. Oh well! Anywho, weather looks a bit grim today, cloudy, threatening to rain, and where I am it smells like a bonfire, yet again! Yuck mocha. *bins current chocolate* I dunno what to do now. I was hoping to read hp, but it isnt here so I'm annoyed, as previously stated. I suppose there's always the tennis to watch, but the minute I turn on the tv it'll start raining in wimbledon and they'll have to abandon play, it always happens when I sit down to watch! Anyway we know what'll happen: One of the Williams sisters will win the ladies, Tin Henman will do a dramatic crash out in the quater finals, and some obscure russian will win. Probably. well like I said, hope everything went ok today, I can't wait for my indcutvion day next week, hopefully it'll be good! talk yo y'all later now

 well, i will not be avig a party for my birthday casue i will of only been bak from my holiday a couple of days, but if there is something good on at the cinema i mite organise something. Only problem with holiday birthdays is you get less pressies unless u organise something! lol not that i really care casue pressies arnt all that counts are they! ne way THORPE PARK ! woohoo

 Ah well, are you lot still going then? Shame if you coulnd't all go because of that bloody train people thingy ish. Anyway. hmmmm. What to say? Hmm. WEll. Oh god I dont' know whaty to say! Tomorrow I have a rehersal and then I'm going wandering with Paul. Wednesday I'm going to Croydon with Paul. Thuesday it#s grand ma-ma's bday, friday got a rehersal and a small meet at Michelle's, Saturday BONJOVI!!!!!! YAY!!!! CAn't wait! yay! Not got much else to say now cos I've just f inished off a box of celebrations and I feel a bit icky, so I'll leave now, bye!

 Aww, sorry your Alton Towers trip has gone wrony. Maybe in that summer between collage and uni you guys can actually go for a weekend? Stay in a hotel and all that jazz. Jenny has a birthday on 7th August which I am not here for because of my summer trip. I get to go go-karting! Yippe! Proper helmets and all! Yes I agree Tom, they don't realise how lucky they are. Even if their birthday is in the summer most people are free to go to the cinema or something. Birthdays in Decemember just don't work well. But i am used to it now so I don't bother with my birthday anymore. Its pointless so no need to make a fuss. As much as I would like a surpise party or something it just wouldn't happen. What is everyones plans for the summer then? The induction days are on wed and thurs. Tomorrow I am going shopping in London with my sister. At some point father and I will be going to the war & peace show which I can't wait for. Tom and I have 2 trips planned which should be a blast. Jackie and I will be off to Thorpe Park next week with Ben and Si, yay! That is about it.

 One of the best things was too see everybody so relaxed! No more exam stress, just chilling out. So thanks Jo. Unfortunatly Railtrack or Network Rail or whatever on earth our train network is called at the moment, have moved a few stations around and in the doing so, they moved the train that goes to Alton Towers. So now, not only is the journey longer, but we get less time in the park, and they put the price up! The cheek of it! There is a big difference between 33 and 38 for a day out. So I'm giving cheques/cash back to people because I don't think it's really worth it any more. Grrrrrrrr. Flipping trains. The next birthday I believe is Jackies? 23rd or 24th of July? Followed by Max's on the 23rd or 24th of August. All these people with nice summer birthdays! Lucky things you are. Don't know how good they've got it, do they Nicki? ;)

 I had fun. Thank you for organising the party!

 I had fun. Thank you for organising the party!

 WEll thank y'all soooooo much for coming to my party, I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did! Max, thanks for the malterers- yummy! Jackie, socks are really cooooooool! Nicki, how did ya know?! Shall be watching ti tonight, thanks soooooo much! It didn't even take me that long to clear up this morning, so yay! Hopefully will have some good photos at some point or anohter, lol!

 Yo. Got to go. Bye!

 Well, i now own my Harry potter and the order of the phenix book! Yipee Now i have my hair cut quite short, unfortuanlty none of ya are gonna see it tonite cause i am having my ahir up! mwhahaha Ne way nicki i am taking ya so ythere. bye

 It is something like 2.45ish and I still have no transport for the party tonight. Oh dear.

 This is a celebrity blog as I am blogging from Andy's house! We taking part in the Warlingham Fate tomorrow and our Brazil team have a stall there. We have crockery and a few bits and bods to throw balls at. Hopefully get a load of money to help towards our trip. The ICT exam was pretty much as expected, only one question got me was "Name four features of the 1998 Data Protection Act" which I could not remember at all, but never mind. After talking to Barry, I am on the C/B border. That's it! All over! No more exams, and now a nice relaxing extra long summer to look forward to. Andy is watching every word I type, so I better not let out too many secrets, hehe. Looking forward to what should be a very interesting party tomorrow!

 That friggin exam was pointless today! It was so easy! I may have a job lined up for the summer. I am going back to my work experience place. I sent a letter and all that sort of crap on Tuesday. Hopefully they will get back to me. The park was so kewl the other day! I will remember next time to bring my vid cam :D

 Well Nicki I can tell you that Cliton cards in Croydon has a part time vacancy for the summer. Clarks shoes are looking for people just to work the summer holidays. Other than that, nowhere has any vacancies, trust me- I know! WEll today, I have this stpuid IT exam to deal with. AFter that I've got to change into my waitressing gear somwhere al ong the line, then attend a rehersal, and be at Caffe Lucido by 6.30pm----aaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrgggggggggggggggggh! Well, hopefully it'll be intersting, and I own'[t drop anything in people's laps n stuff, and hopefully I'll get loads of tips! Probably not tho, I'll probably get the sack, ha ha! But yeah, I start tonight at 6.30pm until closing time! Sholud be ok though, if I get taught how to do stuff properly etc etc!

 Hmmm, yea, you have 2 jobs while the rest of us are still looking. I am still sunburnt. It's evil. It's painful. I can't wait for Thorpe Park! Not long now Jackie! Yay!

 Well lucky you Jo, you now have 2 jobs! grrr Harry Potter comes out in 2 days!!!!!!!!!!1 Wooohoooo

 Hi Hi Hi. Well today I accompanied my friend Sarah job hunting, she's so fussy though! She can't work saturdays cos she dances, she can't do after school because she dances, so basically she wants a holiday job that lets her leave at 3.30 everyday, and no weekends. hmmm. We started off in Hamsey Green, but no luck their, just a lot of application forms. We then walked down to sanderstead and we thought we'd got osme luck cos there was s sign in the bakers, but they said they'd already filled it, they just hadn't bothered to take the sign down! So no luck in the rest of the shops in Sanderstead, so we hopped on a bus into Croydon. Clarks said they take on holiday people which was good so we collected a form, and Clintons had a vacancy but it included a Saturday, so no luck. every other shop (Marks, BHS, Alders, HMV, Virgin, Waterstones etc etc) said they haven't got any vacancies till August/October/Christmas. Fun. So we then walked out of Croydon along the Brighton Road to go to 2 music shops, and no luck either! Collapsed into a bus stop on the Brighton Road, looked up and saw a restaurant had a sign in the window advertising for waiters/waitresses, so we went in as a last resort, cos she could do that as it would be evenings! The people in there were so nice and I got a free drink while I waited for her so I was happy after a long day! She got a trial, and then the bloke told me I could aswell! So we're both trainee Waitresses now, lol! Very strange day. Went all round the world, ended up with a job I didn't know I wanted, and then spent the rest of the afternoon in Selsdon Primary photocopying log books from 1955. Can't be assed to go to IT cos I went yesterday and it was pants, so I'm going to do some revision of my own. Perhaps. Maybe tomorrow. Who knows?!

 Hello, The park woz good fun, i now have sun burn which hurts but not as much as my shoulder, that bloody kills, stupid tarmac. I'm now very tired and we hopefully go to bed early, but probably not.

 Well hello people. What a bizarre day it was yesterday weather-wise! Sunny and warm in the morning, but by the time I got off the tube in London, it was chucking it down! Then, when I came out of a shop, it was beautifully sunny again! Fortunately my friend and I avoided all the rain, because we decided to get a bus back to Victoria instead of the tube, cos we couldn't acutlly find a tube station and we didn't fancy getting wet! The bus was quite odd, we got a seat so it was the first time we'd sat down all day, and it was some dodgy old bus that took us practically half way round london on it's way to victoria, but at least we got to see some nice places, lol! Today the weather is beautifully sunny again (although it's quite windy), which is a damn good job too, cos I'm going to be out and about again today! The only problem is the wind, so I'll have to go and do a wind test with my clothes- put on one outfit, stand in the garden for five minutes and see how cold I get, then change to the next outfit and so on until I get a combination that I'm happy and warm in, lol! Anyone else have any strange methods of deciding what to wear? Anyway, must go because my hair is an absolute mess and I've got to deal with it pronto! Have fun at the park (whoever's going!) and I'll probbaly talk to some of you lot later! Byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

 NICOLA RIGGS!!!! lol Well today was fun, i went shopping with Nicki and now i have got your pressie Jo, also i have got a nice outfit for your party, i will take a picture of me in it and i will send it to ya so u can say what you think of it. Well thats about it now, nothing else to say.

 Ok Jo. Fair enough. Today I am going into Croydon with Jackie because we both have some shopping to do. So that should be a good laugh. I never did go to the garden centre because I went to Jackie's house instead and went on her dance mat. I cannot do it at all!!! I get all confuzzeled. While I was doing the lessons Jackie was whooping at some kids in their paddling pool. Hmm. Anyone guess what Jackie will be when she is older...... LOL. Jokes.

 Ooops. I've just realised I can't come to the park. Sorry Nicki, it must be the sun going to my brain.

 What lucky folk you are. I have been having a bit of a bad weekend to say the least. But I will discuss that in a mo. First of all tomorrow I have a textiles exam. Woppe. In the afternoon I am going to the garden centre with father because I need to get a proper cactus house for my cactuses because after 3 years of neglect they are alive! So now I intend to keep them all nice and healthy. Tuseday I am going to Croydon with Jackie to get Jo's pressies. I am also intending to but myself a few CD's and some matrix posters....hehe. Wednesday we should have the park. Loads of people haven't emailed me back on whether they are coming or not yet. Grrr. So spread the word people. Thursday I am not sure what I am doing. Friday is the day of reckoning with the Information Communications Technology test. Sorry, I think it sounds so much better athn ICT or IT. LOL. Today I have been reading on of my books. Did you do in WHSmith you can get any 2 books for ust 10? That is a good deal, and they have some good books on the shelves too! So my dilemea. I have the sixth form letter. And guess what. I have subjects that clash. Wopee. But then guess what. The 2 subjects which clash are the 2 subjects I reeeeally need to do for my future career. Grrr. I wouldn't care so much if I had to drop Geology or English lit but I have to choose between HISTORY and ART/TEXTILES. HOW THE HELL DOES THE FLIPPING SIXTH FORM EXPECT ME TO DO THAT? I MUST DO BOTH OF THOSE COURSES!!!!!!!!!! I will be on a rampage tomorrow as I must go and complain to Miss H then to Mr V. Anyone care to join me? Grrr.

 Grrrr, i hate my computer. Well i went to Croydon today, the main reason was cause my sister forgot to take the photo chip with her to wokr this morning, so i went in and gave it to her. The most surprising thing was that she then payed for my bus fairs and ALSO brought me lunch !!! I then went on to buy myself some nice shorts for which i am wearing now and a top, which on the back has written: kik my arse, or something to that effect. I have also sunbathed today although not for too long as it was a bit too hot unless it weent hazy! Ne way enough said by mee, until the next time i blog...

 Today I have done nothing apart from get up, eat, and turn my hair a bizarre colour. Other than that I've been relaxing in the garden, now a small matter of exams is out of the way (well, apart from that thing called IT that I really don't intend to revise for!). Got quite a busy week planned, what with heart scans, day trips, revision classes and birthday parties all in the mix, but I'm looking forward to it because I only have to step onto the school premises for one occasion next week, and that would be the thing they call IT, yet again. But gtg dry my hair now, and hope it hasn't turned green, cos it sure smells mighty funny at this moment in time. Toodles peeps

 My-oh-my I've been a busy boy today. Got up. Mowed the lawn. Washed the cars. Went out with dad to buy hedge trimmer. Trimmed hedge. Ate food. Went to party. Pretty cool day, and a pretty fun party.

 yup, wednsday's cool! GTG to party!

 Yay! Everyone is blogging! I went to Croydon today with meine mutter to get fathers day pressies and other pressies. I also managed to get a top for Jo's party but the only problem with it is that I have to get someone else to tie it up at the back. Lol. So no one better un-do it. Grrr. I also brought some fish net tights! Again LOL. And I got some hair straighters which are cool because yes, they actually work! Wooo! What a really nice day it is today. Who wants to go down the park next week? So long as it is hot that is. I am thinking Wednesday. Tell me what you think.

 Yayyy!! Im going to the park with Nicki.J today, then shes coming back to mine. I havent seen her for yonks! Good job theres such things as weekends. (My English is bad). Argh!, i dunno wot to bloody blog about, hehe. Other than what im doing at the moment, you probably wont be interested. I may blog later with a longer blog. Right now im going to pick Nicki.J up, cya.

 Grrrr, im a tiger! Well in my head maybe? I'm kinda bored at the moment, there is nothing to do anymore unless you have bucket loads of cash to randomly spend, and even if you have bucket loads of cash you still can't go out cause your mates havent got any money! You just can't win these days. Well i have a very weird dream last night and it involved Ben Webb, i won't go into too much detail, but he was in jail in the peodofile unit and i was in a seperate bit but aslo in jail! Unfortuantly i woke up so i can't remember much more than that. All i know is that it was quite weird. I don't even know why we were in jail! grrrr. Well later on today i am going into Croydon with Darren to get a Father's day present for my Father and hopefully i am going to get Jo's present also, But i might just not bother getting Jo anything. ( I hate her) Nah i'm jokin, it all depends on whether i can find what i am looking for! Today looks like it is gonna be good, hopefully i can top up my tan so that when i go on holiday i will already be tanned and people will think i have be there for ages already! Lol. Well thats all i can think to write about at this time so i will sign off! GOODBYE

 Goodness me! Goff is still on MSN Messenger! Dear oh dear. History. I'm not really sure. I'm pretty confident I got at least a C for paper 2, because I was very revised up on that (thanks Jo!) but paper 1, I'm not sure I did very well at all on, like everybody else. So I really am on the C/D border for that. Not particually happy, but hey, either that or go live in a ditch. Yes! That's it, exams are over apart from some random ICT paper. All done and dusted. So now is the time to start planning the summer, and then at the end of the summer think about all the things you were going to do but never did because you spent your whole time going to parites or recovering from parties. My back really hurts now because the chair I was sitting in for all 1 hour and 45 minutes of that extra tireing Austria rehersal was all bent in the middle, so I couldn't sit up straight at all! Felt like somebody was poking me the whole time. Maybe it wasn't my chair and David was just being kinky. Hehe. Kinky sailors - why weren't hey in the history paper? One of my primary school buddies who I see every month-or-two was over this evening with her family, always good to talk about the good old days. Sort of miss them, but they were all snobs apart from a few of us. All at Trinity and other posh schools now. Don't care about us lot no more. Jo - remind me about seeing her because she said something really nice you want to hear! They have moved the 6th form timetable around a bit since I last saw it. So I am doing AVCE Media, Business & Economics and Geography. The plan is to do ICT, but I don't really fancy it, it's just the only thing I'm actually any good at. But it's either that or something else from 12B and 12D. Grrrr. I'll shut up now. One too many Cokes and a whole lot of ice cream!

 I had a veyr nice day thanks, sat in the sunshine and revised with Tom all afternoon. Thankfully the history exam today was a lot easier than the first one, uuuurgh. After the exam I got the bus into croydon with michelle cos I was supposed to be meeting my friend Sarah but Michelle ended up tagging along, and what an amusing day it was! Michelle made it her policy to try on the most ridiculous outfit in every shop, and boy did we laugh a lot! Quite a bit of a relief after the exams, and I'm happier now cos I know that Sarah is going to get on with my friends at ma party! yay! A week to go, h ehe! Gtg, I've just dropped ice cream on me keyboard so I bette clear it up! Be!

 I am 16 too. I have been so for 5 months (I think..is June the fifth month?) and 13 days. Welcome to the club Jo. I hoep you had a lovely day and I will give you your present at your party. Which I am looking forward to greatly. I have a skirt. Which is like a belt. Heehee. The history exam was ok I thought. It went well. I have noticed something rather amusing in the history exams. Everyone does it including me. On each question no one just sits there and writes it all. Everyone tends to just sit there and not write or anything while they try and figure the question out. Its actually quite funny to watch. All these students with papaers open, only about 20 mins into the exam staring into space. LOL. How amusing. Could Tom and Max please blog.

 I'm 16!!!

 The pizza was not chicken tikka. I was so disappointed. What has my life come to???

 Well French was okay, the reading woz the hardest part in my opinion, but thats only because in the writing you can just write a load of crap ! Erm, well im going to Croydon tmor which should be fun, thats my plans so far. No exams for a while now ! Yippee Toodles enough said by me

 French today was ridiculous. Ridiculous in that I found it easy, and so did loads of other people. How stupid?! Anyway, saw weston today and told him what I thought of that bloody exam paper yesterday. Other than that haven't really done veyr much apart from buy some candels in sainsbury's. Um. Yes. Well. Haven't got much else to say, so I'm off for some chicken tikka pizza! toodle pip!

 Hello, sorry i havent blogged for a while, its just i havent had much to blog about. Erm Maths i thought woz okay, i am confident that i passed. Well only 2 more exams to go, french and IT. Then thats it foreva ! woohoooo Ne way no more to say

 Well, what an utter load of b******s that history exam was. Weston and his bloody 'Only revise the beginning and the middle cos you don't have to do questions on the end' and then what happens, the whole friggin' lot is on the end. Dammit. Well, actually more than damn it, I am very upset and very peed off with history teachers right at this moment in time. DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT. and a whoel load more of 4 letter words. you know, I actually opened the paper, saw the question and said "shit". I was that annoyed and upset. Reall pissed off. sorry to keep going on about, but I've worked so hard and it's all been ruined. Other than that, It think maths was ok but it was definetly harder than the first paper, but that wasn't really a suprise to me cos I was expecting a hard ppaer, lol! not looking forward to french tomorrow, but at least it's the last one, then I only have two more exams to go! yay! Plus it's my birthday on thursday so I get a nice relaxing day with no exams!" yay!

 I get freaky dreams. They are even freakier when they are about people you know and love and something bad is happenng to them. That's really horrible, when you wake up in a sweat and crying cos it's so scary and it seems real. I hate those type of dreams. Anyway! Science this morning was okish, harder than the other exam but Mr Stickland succeeded in messing up my questions 4- the minute I had done it anbd turned the page he said "I#m sorry to say that we've just noticed a mistake in question 4" and i thought 'oh bloody hell, here we go' and then I had to re-write the whole of the quesiton and made a mess of it. 5 minutes later, "I'm sorry but we made a mistake, there wasn't a mistake in question 4. So I had to re-write the whole bloody thing again, except I was out of space cos I had already written it twice. Honestly. Flamin' teachers. Right now I need some food. Marmite on toast followed by chocolate fingers sounds like a good idea. Oh guys you will laugh so much when you see my birthyda cake, it's going to be so funny and soooo sickly!! he he he he! Good luck in english everyone, although I'm sure no-one will need it cos you just make english up as y ou go along, being creative and arty-farty etc etc. Toooodles!

 I remember Umbongo, just not the song either. Just that it was hilariously funny. I had a freaky dream last night. The first bit was that Michelle didn't have a calaculator in the science exam today. Then this bit is to do with Jackie. It was that day in July and when the four of us got off the bus at the destination the other two circle of love members managed to rush off into the lines and we totally lost them. Hmm. It does not bode well hey? Well I am wetting myself about the science exam today. I will probablty be really depressed on my departure of the exam hall. Wopee. Althouogh I am looking forward to Thursday where Jackie and I will be shopping with the circle of love. That should be fun. Very fun. If you know what I mean Jackie. The group can bond. Heehee. Well, the internet is kinda boring lately although I have taken greatly to urlLink faceparty.com . That is rather fun. I will also be getting my own domain in a few weeks which should be good.

 What an earth has happened to them "team"? I know it's exam time and all, but I thought blog was a daily sort of thing? I'm getting bored of just talking to myself! I want to know what's going on in the world, or at least in other people's lives! Anyway. I'm turjing into Nicki- People please blog.

 Umbongo, Umbongo, who else remembers the advert fomr when we were really ickle? My aunty used to give me umbongo cartoons cos I loved the advert on the Tv and i can still remember the pictures, but I can't remember the words! Aww. Just been looking at all our family photos from when we were really young and stuff, quite funny cos I was the fattest little child with the most awful hair ever, and i was always covered in food! lol, not much's changed then! Well work today was fun, Tina bought her daughter Kinnou in who is three, and she is sooo sweet! She's got cerebal palsy which means she is quite backward (being brain damaged), she is very very tiny and she can't talk properly, but she is such a happy and cheeky child it is soo funny! She was driving Tina beserk today cos she was tripping up all the customers cos she's so small and doesn't register what's going on around her, and then having sung happy birthday to herself and been told off by a customer for making too much noise (jokinlgy), she ran round and round the shop screaming it at him, following him everywhere, and then stood in the doorway and screamed it a t him as he walked off up the road, then turned around and burst out laughing- she is soo cheeky cos she knows she's been naughty! Anyway, to keep her out of the customers' way I tried to get her to help me dust the shelves, by giving her all the products and getting her to line them up on the floor. This was fine for a while until she decided she wanted to help me take stuff off the shelves too, so I gave her the small stuff to do because she can't managed anything else. She was taking the little liquid ant killer tubes off the shelf, and dropping them down onto the floor, and then she stepped forawrd to try and rech the ones at the back, and trood on the reast of the ant liquid tubes, and they exploded everywhere, covering the floor, my trousers and her ickly feet in sticky ant killer stuff. Yuck. And what does she say? "oopsey" and smiles cheekily at me. Kids eh??!

 erm, hello? i nailed that RE test ! lol jokes erm BOO

 Yyyyyyyyyyheeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!! My god that was a good concert! yay! I loved every minute of it, twas absolutely fab boogeying around, Sam Browne has an amazing voice, Jools is an amazing pianist, so is his brother, Pete Long never waved- Julz and Sarah spend all night waving in vain at him, h ehhe! but Yeah I loved it, can't wait to go again next year! YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY! Let that boogie Woogie roll!!

 Boogie Woogie! YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 See there ya go Nicki i have set you up! Go Nicki... and wooohoooooo maths woz fuking hard ! English woz also hard grrrrr

 Maths annoyed me. There was a question about the mean number and all I could think of was the advert where that man goes 'can you spot the mean number' and one number takes an ice cream from the other then hits him. Dammit. I would've been so depressed last night if it weren't for lovely Jackie. 2nd July.....hehe. Then I was thinking about Jo's party. 21st June.....hehe. Then I was thinking about Party In The Park. Whenever that is......hehe. Then I was reading the email Si sent me aasking fi I did actually want to go to the cinema or was it just Jackie messing about. Hehe.

 Well maths! Yay! I am actually quite relieved now cos I was dreading maths, but then I found it easier than the mock and it seemed to be largely based on algebra, which I find ok! I didn't get twhat a box plot was though, only to be told by Dina that it is the same as a box and whisker!! doh!! That's annoying, but it's only 3 marks and I sholdu have worked that one out anyway, lol! So yyeah, ii am ok with that. Tomorrow I have englsih in the morning and Geography in the afternoon, 3 and a half hours in total of essay writing- not quite my idea of fun!

 yeah. French was quite blugh too. Evil. And then we got our ball pictures back which cheered me up. However, the lady in pupil services tried to bite my head off, so that wasn't good. But yeah it's a really nice picture that we've got, yay! And I saw Nicki's and she looked fab, I didn't see the rest of people though! I've just got back from makros and ASDA. In makros we bought all manner of fizzy drinks and sweets for my party (including 600 marshmellows!!!), and then in ASDA we bought lots of crisps and stuff, so we now have everything we need for a party! yay! I even pursuaded mmu to buy me my own personal supply of alcopops! yay! Anyway got to go cos my eye is giving me grief, hope maths goes okay for everyone (I'm gonna fail). Bye!

 Wisewoman hey? Yes, two things you should know about the wisewoman, first she is a woman! Ah ha. And the second... ...she is wise? Yeah! Do you know her then? No, just a wild stab in the dark, which incidently is what you'll be getting if you don't shut up and tell me where she is. My holiday was lovely. Best bit was when we took a yacht, found a deserted bay and went swimming - fantastic! Piccies back on Thursday so I'll post a few at the weekend or somethin'. Exams: blugh. 'nuff said.

 lol, what great blogging we are having ! I'm looking forward to Maths, I feel quite confident so i'm not nervous ! That is good cause if you get too nervous then you forget things. French is gonna suck big time, i am gonna fail that, but neva mind it's only french eh? i had an orthadontist appointment this morning, i dont eva have to go back again, i still have to wear my brace at night but only if i can be bothered to. There again if i dont wear it for a while longer my teeth will go back to how they were before i got the brace ! And i DO NOT want that ! Tom blog boy, we need to know all the details bout ur holiday! well thats all form me the wisdom woman

 Indeedy

 I agree.

 Science sucks.

 Well, i vivsted the cinema today and watched legally blonde 2, good film, funny in parts, but only as good as the first film. Erm then came home and watched Minority report again but this time with darren as he brought it on DVD. ERm thats about it, nothing else exciting happening bye

 Rah well I'm guessing this is going ot be my last post for a while, as I'm off to Spain tomorrow morning! Yay! I bet it rains for the whole journey down there though, which won't be very interesting seeings as we have to drive cos my dad is too stingy to pay out for air fares. But hey ho, that's life I guess. Um. Other than that, I haven't been doing much at all! Yesterday I went to CAterham to the dentist, and that was a bundle of laughs as usual. Then bought a book on M15 since the Cold War and the changing faces of espionage whcihc will take my mind off things when GCSE results are out. Um, fun. Yeah, life seems to be all doom and gloom atm, i'm sure it's not really, just through a teenager's eyes it is. Well I can't really thnk of anythign else to say cos my jammy dodgers are yelling ast me from inside my tummy (i think I ate too many in too short a space of time), and, um, just to say hi Jackie an dMax have a nice summer, Nicki hope u had fun on your trip thingy, and Tom don't forget to go to work! Bye!

 I went into town yesterday, and I bought me a cosmic urlLink ColourSplash Flash . It's like a normal flash, but it flashes different colours, making the subjects in your photos come out in beautiful ab-normal colours. Cosmic stuff. I also bought a pretty cosmic hippy top to add to my new look. Deep red, with black and white patterns. I've got all my Austria photos etc back! This photo below is taken outside the Tate Modern. Read the bin. I'll look though the others and post a few goodies later.

 same thing as yesterday so i wont write ne more, just read previous blog

 Well today was so exciting, i did absolutly nothing at all, i sat at home and did nothing, yes thats right, nothing! Grrr, i need some excitement in my life, either that or a job! Maybe both will happen at the same time? I hope they do, i also want some dinner so now i will go byebye

 Indeedy. Tom u didn't piss u off. Can't say much more cos I'm too tired still and I feel quite rough. Tah tah.

 well,ihave nothing exciting to say,so i will justsay this Eat my shorts goodbye

 Homesickness is a pain, 10 days into the Morocco trip and I was missing Nic. (And home of course; they dont call it homesickness for nothing). Well today has been interesting. Went to the park with Nic and she got a lift back to her house at the end, which as you know is like 200m up the road. I got very upset, considering I had to ride 2.5km back to Caterham. Ah well, that took me exactly 6 minutes to complete the journey :D Onto other things, I'm painting Nics bedroom tomorrow. Should be fun :) Whey! About a week ago I got my Wireless router. I can now rome my house on the laptop using the internet wirefree and not have my main computer on to do so. Merry Christmas folks.

 I smell like water lily and lavender. I just went swimming and my dad brought with us water lily and lavender shower gell. Cosmic. The tour was not as good as Prague, probably something to do with the weather (or at least I can blame it on the weather). A very alone tour for me because I didn't have all that many people to talk to. When I wasn't pissing Jo and Donna off, or hanging around with the year 8/9s I was all by myself, which isn't fun for a week. So I got rather home sick, which I don't usualy get when I'm away. My photos come back in 3 days time, so I'll post 'em up then. I've text Nicki to see how she is, but no reply yet. Glad to be home.

 Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah everybody, I'm home at long last. Austria was ok, not as good as Prague, hotel was horrible, food was yuck, trips were ok, hanging with friends was a laugh. Other than that, raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah and now I am extremely tired even htough I've had about 24 hours sleep since I got home at 7am yesterday morning. Raaaaaaaaaah. Anywho, just bought some vegetable curry from Somerfield so must go cook and munch before I start on packing (yes packing raaah cos I'm going away again on Friday raaaaaah). Raaaaaaaah. Ask Tom about week, he knows more than I do generally raaaaah.

 Well, what to say? I'm bored, i am gonna have nothing to do all holiday, unless i manage to get a job but most places don't have any vancances now and that makes me annoyed. Well i hope Nicki has fun. I still havent recieved a birthday present off my sister yet, i know she has got me something but she just hasnt given it to me yet! Grrr Well i can't be bothered to write anything else so i will end my blog here!

 I agree Jackie, I don't like this new blog either. Well I am off to Cumbria today so its a breif hi hope you had a great time to Tom and Jo. So Tom and Jo, hi! Hope you had a nice time! I am slightly disappointed that Jenny hasn't rung to say goodbye like we always do before one of us go on holiday. Surely she can't be that busy to take a few minutes out?? I'll have my mobile with me everyone so if your bored text moi, I should have a signal and hopefully there will be somewhere to charge it. I'll let ya'll know how Alton Towers works out, air.... Hehe. Have a nice week ya'll! Byeeeeeeeeeee!

 Well, i dont like the way blogger has changed once again, this way is crap and now i am annoyed. Yesterday day i brought some trainners and later tonite im going to Loras. Soz about short blog but i dont like the way its set out so i dont like to write? That prob dont make sence but i know what i mean

 Gooooooooooood mooooooooorning blooooooggers! I am off tomorrow so I'll see ya'll next week. Text me or ring me, I should have a signal and hopefully there will be somewhere to charge my phone.

 I see the British summer has arrived. Its raining. I brought the cutest bikini today. Its a camo one and is so cool. I'll wear it, well the top half anyway, under my clothes in Cumbria so if I do get chucked in the lake or something I won't be too wet. I'm bored. Minesweeper anyone?

 IT'S MA BIRTHDAY! YAY

 Theres a paragraph between the picture and the writing because it looks awful squeezed together.

 HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY JACKIE Pennie stood Helen and I up yesterday so we have to beat her down today.

 Morning ya'll.

 Why is there a big fat gap betwen the writing and the picture?

 Well, it has been a somewhat interesting week. I'm having Nic round on Friday, and we r going out for a meal :) I also sprayed one of my PC's black: The white bits on the case is dust. The type of spray paint I used makes the dust stick like shit to a blanket. Also, I have yet to spray the CD-ROM drive. As you can see, it has been removed.

 I'm bored, Ben is cool

 Today I am going shopping in Bromly with Helen and Pennie. We are getting things for our Cumbria trip which we leave for on Sunday. It is looking to be one great trip. We are camping over night somewhere apparently which will be good and may have the choice to go horse riding whcih I haven't done before. I am really looking forward to it!

 Well, To those of you that are here and are gonna be here for Thursday: Cinema to see Charlies Angels: Full Throatle Meeting in Grants at about 2 See ya there! Now blogging..... Today i went to Croydon, and i had Darren round...Again! Erm thats my blog for today! lol, not much to say

 I DIDN'T CALL EMMA A SLAG.

 Well I enjoyed the park yesterday.

 Yay yay yay! Jackie's back! Went go-karting yesterday. Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuude how awesome is it!!!!!! We all got into teams of 5, our team was me, Helen, Pennie, Shelly and Ashley's girlfriend Stacy. We lost. But we had fun! I have two nice bruises on the inside of my knees now from where I kept hitting the steering wheel, painful but worth it! I drive like a man apparently. Hehe. You know, instead of going around the corners nice and slowly I rip around. Well, I try to. Lol. I didn't crash! Woo!

 hmmmm, What to write? Well, my holiday was good, it only rained once and that was for 3 minutes. Getting a sunbed was bloody stupid. Each morning my dad got up at about 6 to try and get a sunbed with an umbrella. Of course they had all already gone! So in the end he gave up and got up at 8 instead to get one without a umbrella. We visited Palma, the main town of Majorca, but it was an hour and a hlaf bus journey from where we staying! grrr. Our hotel was very nice, it had a big swimming pool, stage area, tennis courts, football courts, lots of shops, a burger bar, a pizzeria, a park, a volleyball bit and lots of bars. Also it was so close to the beach it took you about a minute to get onto the beach if you got out of the swimming pool! Erm... Didn't really meet anyone which was a bit annoying, but it didnt bother me too much as i was never bored. The simming pool had a slide! YAY I got my hair done again like last year. And the good thing was that it was 20 euros cheeper! Plus there were trampolines outside of the complex up the road so i was happy! I think i spent to much money on them though. well thats all i cant hink of to write at the mo so if u wat more details talk to me

 Morning ya'll. This will be breif as Helen will be over in a mo and we will then be going to school where Miriam is picking us up for go-karting. I got, er, slightly burnt yesterday at the War & Peace Show. Lol. Its quite funny. I have a nice red triangle on my front now!!! YAY JACKIE IS BACK!!!!!! I'm happy :) But I'm not because my wrist is kiling me, I think it is from teh tank ride and me holding on too tight! Tom, Jo - have fun in Prague!!!!!!!!

 I have returned, i am tanned, i have had my hair done again and i will be coming to the park. Times please cause i cant be bothered to remeber! I cant be bothered to write what i have done so if u see me i will tell ya!

 Ladies and gentlemen... welcome home, Jackie!

 How the bloody hell would you get a hummer under the crodyon flyover, or through a traffic jam?!

 Cooooool, good for you Nicki! Very amusing picture Tom, you make me feel like an adolescent alocoholic. Ha ha, but it's only a bit of fun! OOoh still got to pack camera. Must remember that. Camera. Camera. Camera. Right! Um. Well work today was ok as per usual, nothing really exciting happened, and I didn't even get to do the trolley again (having been so chuffed with myself last week). But it was ok. Got a couple of good books from the library to take to Asutria, including George Orwell's "Animal Farm" which I hear is a historic read. Other than my toilteries and my lunch, I all set to go tomorrow! Should be fun, but I'm not really looking forward to a 24 hour coach journey now I know what it's like (havign done it for Prague). Well I sholud go cos I haven't got much else to say, I won't be back to next Monday probably. Then on the friday, I'm off again! yay! So have a good week y'all, and chat to ya when i get back (apart from Tom who is on the same trip, duh). Byeeeeeee guys! Oh Jackie hope you had a good holiday, tell me all about it when I get bcack!

 Wahey! 3500+ military vehicles on display, tanks, jeeps, ferrets, champs, weapons, explosions, living history reenactors, huge arena events, 1940s fashion, 1000+ stalls, world war two memorabilia, military models, 1940s history, fun fair and more! Yesterday I rode on a tank, 5 which seems alot for a short ride but its well worth it! I have developed a new liking for tanks now. And Hummers. I love Hummers now. Hummers are basically like the jeep just ALOT bigger. You can see them in Black Hawk Down. This year they had a Iraqi tank there which drew a lot of interest. People come from all over to see the show, Dutch, French (pah!), German, even American! One day i hope to be involved somehow, maybe with my own vechiles. I wouldn't mind owning a urlLink jeep or urlLink hummer (big ol beasts!) when I'm older. Maybe ever a half track! Now urlLink half tracks really are nifty little things.

 Well well well. O to be an army brat hey? Spent the day at the War & Peace Show. Going again today. Got some 2 used combats, 2 for 10, not bad and today I will hopefully get the camo jacket to go with it (5) so I'm happy. I got to ride on a tank yesterday which was so much fun. The track was all bumpy and dirty and we were whizzing along I tells ya! That was my second tank ride so far, its worth it. I am eyeing up a job with tanks, the great beasts of a armored vechile! Jackie comes back today or tomorrow. Not sure which but I'll be soooooooo happy when she comes on msn. I'll be all grinning and cheering.



 Hello guys. Long time no blog, etc etc. Well. Today Paul came round and we watched a film and then stuff, ya know?! Without wanting to go into too much detail, just letting you know what I'e done today. Seems the Great British summer is over all ready, it's been overcast, raining and windy all day, but I can see just an ickle bit of blue sky over there now?! Oh no, just disappeared beind that big 'orrible cloud again. Ah well, we'll have to see what tomorrow brings I guess. um. Tomorrow I am working from 12.30 till 4.30 which will get me some extra dosh, then working the usual hours on Saturday. Then Sunday- I'm off to Austria!!!! Yahooooooooooooo! I'm trying to pack at the moment but I'm having a bit of a crisis cos I can't find my little black vest top anywhere! Where the hell is it? I've turned my room, my sisters' rooms a=nd the bathroom upside down, still no sign of it! I can't go without it! Other than that, I think I'm decided on what CDs to take, what clothes to take, I definetly need a hair drier, Thais bites and dried fruit, then after that I will bung in as many more clothes that will possibly fit! he he. Clarinet is not going in suitcase this year, I will just shove it in the hold on the coach, seeings as last time I wasted precious suitcase space by trying to get it in! Was so devestated when I found out I could have left it out and taken more clothes! Anywho, that is about it. My top 5 CDs for the trip are going to be "Jagged Little Pill" by Alanis Morisette, "New Jersey" and "Cross Roads" by Bon Jovi, "Idol Hits" by Billy Idol and "Meatloaf and friends" by various artists (duh). Top beauty product: Nail file. Best holiday book: yet to find it! Ah that reminds me- got to go and get one!!!

 I don't see the point in Sky subscriptions etc. It'll be shown on the BBC or somthing soon anyway. When I move house, i'm going to cancel the liscence subscription, I hardly watch any TV. Lee and I have made our own office in Warlingham school! yay! Its a bit like the server room, only more organised. Currently Lee is making his custom made "Compaq" and I am writing this. Ta-raa

 urlLink What a twat. This idiot says that there is nothing good on BBC and that they don't provide any good TV. WHAT A LONELY WANKER. I bet he curls up everynight with his Sky subscription and watches porn. Sad man. Sorry but it matters to me.

 Ahhh, packing for holidays. Finding out how much of your walldrobe you can fit in your bag. Deciding which music to take, removing the ones you probably won't listen to, then put the whole lot in. Making lists of everything you are going to forget, and then forgetting it. Ah the joys.

 Brilliant Jo! Excellent news! What amusing pictures Tom. Very amusing! The park yesterday was allright. It was too hot to do too much. Lora and Darren dumped a bottle of water over me. How amusing.

 That is excellent news Jo! Party In The Park 2003 Photos! Nicki getting very pissed off with people invading our area. Helen and her alternative sun-glasses.

 Raaaaah. My heart is fine. I'm very relieved. All I have is noisy valves. Yay!

 Cool, sounds wicked Nicki! How long is it for, and when?! Well, I've got four whole days left until I set off to Austria, which should be fun! howvere, I'm not looking forward to the concert side of things, a) because I am veyr unsure of the words in some songs (ummm!) and b) because I am apparently 'middle alto' so I have a little part all to myself (oh and Sally and the girl who can't sing), I can't hear either of them, my sister has deserted me, I didn't know I was supposed to be singing it until Friday, and um, I can't do it! Other than that it shoudl be fine. Oh apart from the small matter of Chango Mangos which I can't do either, me and bloody volunteering for solos. Ah yes, news flash: David T blatanly fancies Louise. PERVERT! Will explain when I see people; " just wanted to let you know your sister sang a solo, she was the better than everybody else there and I coludn't believe it was her". We all know what you're like David.......

 BLOG PEOPLE. Yesterday I had my first meeting for the summer u-project. It was awesome! Everyone clicked right away, there weren't any little groups. We were all laughing and chatting and I am really looking forward to go-karting with them all on Sunday. We also learnt that for our trip to and fro Cumbria we have a l u x o r y coach! Woooo!

 The park wasn't too bad today. Dave D came down which was nice to see him again. It was all nice and hot. Good to see Pete, Jen and Nic after their holiday. Their pictures are really funny if anyone saw them. I miss Jackie. I hear Jo you are having a film day tomorrow. Have fun.

 Well I had a fun day at work, met the lady who has been on maternity leave, was quite interesting actually. Alpa has had a baby called Shey, and was covering for Tatuna today so she could take her kids out for the day (btw Tatuna is Tina's real name, I can see why she shortens it to Tina instead of Tuna). We got a lot of work done, and had a laugh at Alpa who couldn't remember a thing after 3 months off and swore quite a lot!!! Anyways! Tom has just accepted to do my job while i#'m on holiday, which proably means he'll get to meet Kinnou and Kishan, although kishan won't speak to anyone anyway, kinnou just throws herslef at random strangers! Anywho, yes. hot day,. Lovelly. Got a headache. Marvellous. Fun. Mystery tour 14th September. Yay. Whaey. Must go. Alcohol. bye

 I just made a love song CD. 1) What Dreams May Come - Dialog 2) I Will Always Return - Bryan Adams 3) My Heart Will Go On - Celine Dion 4) Jerry Maguire - Dialog 5) Everytime - A1 6) Can You Feel The Love Tonight - Elton John 7) Notting Hill - Dialog 8) And I - Whitney Houstan 9) Wind Beneath My Wings - Bette Midler 10) Jerry Maguire - Dialog 11) When You Say Nothing At All - Ronan Keating 12) Your Song - Elton John 13) Titanic - Dialog 14) There You'll Be - Faith Hill 15) Dirty Dancing - Dialog 16) Love Is All Around Us - Wet Wet Wet 17) Grease - Dialog 18) Drops Of Jupiter - Train

 Ah, what a marvellous day. The sun is shining, there is a gentle breeze and it is just right to wear shorts.Marvellous. I have been watching Le Tour De France as I have been downloading songs and such for my next CD adventure. Nikkos Greatest Love Songs. Aw. My support goes to Lance Armstrong of the American team. He deserves to win. Go Lance!

 We need Jackie. She keeps everyone talking or rather posting. Plus her posts can be rather amusing. I miss Jackie. Well, right then. Wednesday. Tom and I went on up to London and he has already said what we did. The guns you can move were great fun. My arms are all muscly now, lol. Well we kept pointing them at on coming boats and then following them as they went by which was great fun. It was great being a kiddie again. Hehe. The musems were interesting, well, what we saw. I think they will have to be made into proper day outs then we can actually do all the exhibits. Oh yea - Bow, stern, starboard and port. WAHEY! It wasn't that bad wandering around trying to find the photo shop. It was worth it. Its cute. hehe. And the lady was really nice. I liked her. Yay. So yesterday I did sod all. Today I went shopping in Bromly with my sister. Got some cheap clothes in the sales. Wahey! I have alos just figured out how to make my own CD!!!!! So far I have made a 'Rock On!! A Nikko Production.' album. Over the coming weeks I will make a party album and 'Nikko's Greatest Love Songs'. If you want copies you will have to give me a CD and I will make one. Hehe. Um, what else. Max BLOG. Park on Sunday should be good. Nic and Jen will be joining us for once. Wahey. One last note, you know you got a willing slave you just like to play the thought that you might misbehave but since I'm only dead to you I'm saying stay away. Get it?

 I haven't blogged for a while, so two days worth of blogging! On Wednesday I dragged Nicki all the way round London. In this order, or some variation of it, we... Went to the HMS Belfast and looked around that for a couple of hours. The coolest bit has to be these massive guns that you can move around and point at stuff, so we threatened boats on the river. I'm sure Nicki has some cool things to say about the boat. It really was pretty amazing. Nicki now knows all the parts of the boat, and what the different flags are called, hehe. Then we wondered down towards South Bank along the river side, up to the Tate Modern. Didn't go in, but just had a quick look. Then we got the tube all the way over to South Kensington (near Hyde Park) and had lunch in my favourite resturant. Then we looked around the Natural History Museum (the Life and Earth sections). Followed by a quick tour of the Science Museum. Then we went back into the city to Westminster and went to "the door" featured in Die Another Day the Bond movie. It's the one on the other side of the river to the Houses or Parilment where Bond goes to meet M in the underground station. Then we bought a ticket for a boat back to South Bank, but while we were waiting we went up to the London Eye to have a look. 5! Not bad, do that one day. Then we bought ice creams and went to watch protesters in Parliment Square. They where campaigning for the legalisation of canabis. One blokes sign said "Free the Weed". Then we had a lovely boat trip up the Thames to South Bank, where we went up into Farringdon where I got us lost for a few minutes looking for this tiny little photography shop. I found it in the end, although Nicki wasn't too impressed. How was I supose to know there where two post offices? Anyway, we went in there, and because I had rung the lady in the shop up asking how to get there, and after telling her our little story she gave us some free postcards. Then we joined the rest of London and got a train home. Today I did nothing.

 Nobody is blodding any more. Hmmm. Probably cos the weather is too hot to think properly. But hey, just thought I'd mention it. NOt that anybody's gonna read this of course, seeings as nobody seems to be visitng blogger atm.

 Well I really enjoyed PITP. It was a great day out minus those cheesy feet and the fact that I too got burnt. But once I got home I slapped on lots of after sun. The train on the way back was funny. LOL. All together now - hehe. Good laughs. Good memories and good memories is what is imporant. I went to Ash's house last night and we spent 8 hours on the Nintendo playing Bomberman and stuff. Then we watched 4 films one of which was Not Another Teen Movie which is one of the funniest movies ever. It was a good laugh. I have now seen the Ali G film, I wasn't that impressed I have to say. Dirty Danicng is always good to watch and so is The Sixth Sense. So I went down the park today. I was not impressed. I got down there and no one was to be seen so I rang Helen and she said they were in the woods and she would come a find me in a mo seeing as I didn't know where they were. So I sat there and waited. And waited. No one came. So I rang / text again and I was told to 'come and find us, its a game' to which my reply came as 'no, I am not in the mood to piss about'. Still I waited. And you know what I am like when people ignore me or leave me alone so I walked back up the Dobbins and headed home. I met Lora on the way so I turned around and went back as it was a relatively nice day. Sure enough as Lora was there they came out and we sat around all day. Which I didn't mind seeing as I was / am tired. Oh, and its fun to the be the butt of everyones jokes and jibes. Thanks a lot. I miss Jackie.

 On your own Max! Ahem.............

 What really worried me was the fact that Pingu was the one suggesting I used voodoo. I'm not quite sure who is going to the park and who is not, all I know is that I'm not, partly because I'm sitting here. I know Nicki isn't going, and Jackie can't go for geography reasons. Jo is in school. So it's probably just Max then.

 What the............................? Random comments! Random comments! Anyway, I had a VERY interesting conversation last night, won't go into details but involved mu Pingu, and Tom mblatantly didn't like the fact that Pingu is getting more action than him cos Tom says he's going to put Pingu and Tony Blair in a box together and practice Voodoo on them, which is a bit unfair for me, although I woulnd't care if he blew Tony Blair up, I wolud be veyr upset if he practiced Voodoo on my Pingu, so STAY OUTTA IT! Anyways enough of that, I'm going up to school later and I think I shall wear my very mini skirt, which means I need to go and paint my toe nails! Yay papmering time! yay! Anyways see y'all later dudes. Apart from Jackie who is on holiday. Bye!

 Replace cabage for something that sounds alike to froging Which cabage idiot put cabage Heathrow airport all the cabage way over there? Take an age to get from cabage Victoria to cabage Heathrow. Probably worth going all the cabage way to cabage Paddington and then paying another cabage 12 to get the cabage express all the way over cabage there. Just move cabage Heathrow into the middle of cabage London, job cabage done. Planes will probably get the caught in the cabage congestion zone and get charged a cabage fiver, and a couple of cabage speeding tickets. "Excuse me British Airways, but your vehicle was doing 350km/h" cabage Ken would probably say. Stupid cabage country.

 So you enjoyed it then Tom? I wasn't sure whether you were going to l ike it or not (seeings as u are a Moby fan etc etc), but I think you enjoyed it? PErhaps not quite so much as Bon Jovi, but after such a wicked concert anything would be hard to follow! And Nicki, I had a fab day with yo u and Helen and Tom, was a good group to go with, and I have a big bruise on my back from when u knocked me over taking my shoe off! But I had fun. Meatloaf was really good, I can live happily ever after now I've seen him do the full version of "Bat out of Hell" live, I felt a bit lonely tho cos nobody else knew all the words (well, apart form the old fogies!) but hey, I had fUN! I am very burnt though, and it is rather painful. My back is all prickly and so are my shoulders, and my face is quite a strange pinkish colour! Not a good look, especailly when wearing a red t-shirt, but I suppose it's my own fault really. Anyway! Yay! Probably come back alter.

 Rock on London! urlLink Photos 1 urlLink Photos 2 "But the running order of the show was interrupted when rock veteran Meatloaf had his microphone turned off after he refused to leave the stage." urlLink Crowds flock to capital's pop party

 Oh dear.

 Nicki is home!!!!!!!! We've already arranged to see each other tomorrow :D Come gimme a shag, bitch!!! Have fun tomorrow people!

 PITP tomorrow! yay. I'm so knackered I don't really know what to write, I'm sure on monday night though I will have one huuuuuuge blog to make! But right now I can hardly move my fingers, so ta ta for now, see you bright and early tomorrow, Tom and Nicki!

 Not a problemo Tom.

 How very cute! Lazy cats, I don't know why we bother. If you don't mind Nicki, could you just wait until I get my site up and running? I am going to have a section with my photos, including quite a few of my cats, so once that is up you can take them if you really want, but I would prefer a link to my site.

 Don't blame me if these pics don't work. I have had to upload them onto a geocities account cos the snooboo files thing I can't find, you know, where to upload your pics. Please may I put you pics (Max, Tom) or your cats onto DNP? In the misc sectino or would you rather I didn't? Here is Pickle, the tart: Hattie, the shy one: And our wonderful car:



 Hi Jo. Nics coming home tomorrow, yay!!!!!

 blah blah blah, im really bored so im blogging again, no one is online! Just simon and some random peeps!

 I swear I blogger here this morning. ON the other hand, I do have a termperature so perhaps I was delirious at the time. hey ho. WEll anyway Paul came round this morning and we chilled and listened to music, then I went to work and got myself covered in bathroom sealant, then I came home to change before the rehersal, and was feeling quite ill too, now I feel even worse, and I'm going back to bed cos my head is spinning. Have a very nice holiday Jackie, to Tom and Nicki- See you 8am Sunday, to Max, um, hello?!

 grrr, holiday tmor the joys! yay im bored one word per line hehe okay dats me done,soz for being stupid and writing one word one each line!

 What cute cats everyone has. That is a nice picture of Soda. I wills can some of my cats in later. Park today and the weather looks okish. Hmm. I am very suspicious of it though.

 Grrrr. I can't sleep! Where are you guys? I need somebody to talk to!

 A very rare photo of my alive cat, Whisky. She doesn't like people. Or anything that moves for that matter. So I haven't got many photos of her. This is the cat that died, she is much more friendly, and I got this (one of my favourite) photo.

 well i have only ever owned one pet and that was a hampster. and its dead now! Minority report is a good film, go watch it.

 Lol, one on the left is called Molly, one on the right is Millie. They are twin sisters.

 Tom - cool! wireless internet, sounds good and yes I am tired. Jo - wopee! have fun with your clainet, perhaps you and paul will try and act out THAT scene in American Pie 2.....or is it American Pie 1? Hmm. LOL. Max - yes I think my cats are funny. But not when Hattie decides to be sick all over the white rug. Yuk. Your cats are sweet, what are they called? How sweet.

 You think you're cats are funny? My cats:

 Raaaaaaah. Well I got a new mouth piece today. And I've got a few pages of harry potter left! I can[t really say much else right now, my head hurts etc etc. Bye

 I think Nicki is tired. Late last night I finished setting up wireless internet in my house. We can now access the internet from any room in the house, and even the garden. Study in quiet rooms, get latestest sport results while cooking and many other things - but does my mother do something that sensbile? No, of course not. "Wireless internet? Does that mean I can play computer games in bed?" Mothers hey? Tut tut. Blog more later, she's just got onto Level 2 of Lego "Stack It"...

 OK, so the times SHOULD be fixed now. Lol. I take it Max you cannot sleep still? Aww. How lovely. I have already send 6 texts this morning and it is only 10.15. Mwahahaha. I am so tired from Thorpe Park though. I really am. But I really enjoyed it. Simon is a wimp. Haha. I am tired. At least I won't be bored over the next 2 weeks as Jackie is very kindly giving me her dance mat while she is away. O how I love Jackie. I am tired. The park tomorrow better be fun or I just won't bother so someone better come and mess about and not just sit there for the whoooooole four hours. I am tired. O look, I just looked at my msn list and 6 people are online but I didn't even notice because my brain won't function properly today. I am tired. My cats are so funny. One is asleep in the chair and one is in a box. How cute. I am tired.

 6:10. Its light outside.

 Oops, 5:30.

 Its now 4:40.

 Pork Farm is kewl. I'd go anyday. Tom, I think the clock is just an hour behind. Just add it on if it isnt fixed. Whey! I have done 15 hours on my school service already! How much does a mouthpiece for the clarinet cost, Jo? Right, time to reformat and redo the whole of my network. I have 3 Windows XP OS's on this drive at the mo :D I got my Pot Noodle, now all I need is a biiiiiiiiiiig wank. Check out urlLink Froogle . I wish they made one for the UK.

 The time should be fixed - I hope. Today was fun (Thorpe Park with Jackie, Ben and Si). I really enjoyed it. It was a good laugh and the queues weren't too long. We got on Nemisis a few times which was nice.

 Dunno, i think i hurt it doing trampolining yesterday!

 Why Jackie? I am majorly peed off. I only went and broke my clarinmet mouth piece right at the beginning of a rehersal. And it smashed completely, in a total freak accident. It's not insured. And I can't afford to buy anohter one. So eally I'm buggered.

 blerghh, my shoulder hurts.

 Um, Calgara stampede or something like that? It's near the entrance to Colusus and near Logger's Leap! But yes. Anyway. I'm afraid I can't come to the park at all on Friday Nicki cos I'm working from 12 till 4, then going up to school for a rehersal, so it'll have to be some other time! Howvere we are gonna b in the park sometime on thursday so if you lot are around then we might bump into you! Who knows?! Anyway, got to go get ready for a rehersal a t cshool and find my BonJOvi t-shirt to wear! yay!

 Sounds good! I am glad ya'll had fun! Can't wait to see pictures, may we put them on DNP? Any Jo, if you come to the park on Friday bring Paul so he can meet everyone else and we can meet him! A friend is coming over today and we are having Keanu Film Day. Hehe. Should be a laugh. What can I ramble about? Um, well I am watcing Laurel and Hardy and they are really funny. I have already today text Sikon (at 12.08) gone to bed, got up, showered, eaten and cleaned my room. I am now posting here and surfing the web until 11 when I shall meet my friend. It should be a good laugh today/ I haven't watched the Matrix on our big tele yet.

 I do say stuff, but i never do anything exciting or out of the ordinary so i have nothing to write, but i try and write something every day so people know that im alive and that i havent dropped dead! Okay so lemme think of some news.... Well on www.faceparty.com/crisppy i am officially rated a supermodel now! I have been a star for the past like year! So im really really happy although i dont like being a supermodel that much! On Monday i am going to Croydon to get some passport photos done for stupid school, although i have no one to go with, that doesnt bother me though as im only getting the photos done then going home again! It's a bit of a trip but there aint any photo machines around where i live! Then tuesday im enroling and then after that i should be going to the cinema with Nicki to see Hollywood Homicide, that should be good but i do hope that Nicki doesnt talk too much or i may have to beat her with a wooden stick. On wednesday i have a frigging hospital appointment and then Thursday it's back to the dreadding school. ERm thats about it really! Thats my life all written down in one paragraph! :( lol

 You don't say much, do you Jackie? Today at work Trig brought with him his fly swatting gun, like Andy has. He then turned into James Bond and bounced around the centre swatting flies and scaring children. I came across a fake pound coin today! Never seen one before, and the customer hadn't either, he was quite suprised! Other than Garf and Biscuit's attempt at wearing womens jackets and Alex wearing winter-wet-suits it was a pretty normal day, or as normal as it can get.

 BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO, BOO. Rite that enuf of the BOO's! hehe nothing much else to say so ill sigh off here!

 Rah. I work for Tina atm but I think it is Alpa's husband that owns the shop, so what Alpa's baby Shay is old enough she will come back to work at the shop and share Saturday with Tina. Shrina and Shay are Alpa's kids, Kinnou and Kishan are Tina's kids, Kommel is Tina's niece and Bimmel is Tina's husband. I'm going to see Hollywood homicide t his avo with Paul! Yay! WE're going to the 5.40 viewing, just in case other people are thinking of coming today (probably not) but in case you do, I'll be there with Paul!

 Who are these people Jo? And i will see it with you Nicki but you must refain from speaking too much as you know how annoyed i get! but ne way BOO

 Rah. Ii got introduced into the crAzy world of Shrina today. Shrina is 6 (apparently, after her telling me that she was 5, 8, 9, 73, 26, 16 et et etc.......) and Shay is 5 months today. Shay behaves 10 times better t han Shrina, plus there is the added benefit that Shay can't talk yet, doesn't make you do strange dances, doesn't try and make u sing, doesn't push you into the window while you're trying to do a display, doesn't climb up ladders.................

 Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees! Hollywood Homicide is out! Who wants to go see it with me? (Please bear in mind that I will be screaming through out the movie at sexy Josh Hartnett.)

 Radical.

 Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah

 Boo! (its my favourite word atm!)

 Brighton yesterday was fabulas. Ema and I had a great time and I managed to find a new pair of baggy surf jeans so yay! Day before I went to Croydon with mum to get stationary. We were just outside the bag shop on the second floor and Pennie came over, with her mum. And then Tom joined us, with his mum! Heehee. How fabulas. I got some pictures from Andy's party which are amusing.

 lol cool. Well here is this week's diary: Tuesday: Paul to my house Wednesday: Work and Paul over Thursay: To Paul's house Friday: Enrollment and off to work Saturday: Work and party with Paul Sunday: Who knows?! Monday: Who knows?! Tuesday: Paul's at school :(

 I wanna go to Brighton some day when it is hot!

 Well today I am off to Brighton with Ema, getting some clothes for the sixth form. Tomorrow I believe I have a family day out and then I don't think I am doing anything up until enrolment.

 This would be much easier if the plane came to me, then I could get a few hours extra sleep, rather than getting up at stupid times in the morning. It's 5am for crying out loud!

 Guess what im not busy at all!

 The next few weeks are going to keep me very busy! Today: Dave going home from sleepover and got contact lenses. Thursday: Seeing Nic then all meeting up for meal. Friday: Going to Grandparent's Saturday: Coming home from Grandparent's. Sunday: Seeing Nic (probably) Monday: Seeing Nic (probably) Tuesday: Enroling For 6th form. Wednesday: Going to optician person to check up on contact lenses. Thursday: Going to some 6th form thing. Friday: BACK TO SCHOOL! AAHHHHH Saturday: Seeing Nic (probably) Sunday: Going To IMAX cinema. Monday +: Hell begins in the 6th form.

 An Aeroplane! woohoo! Lucky you, have fun, what exactly you doing up there? Erm i been bored all day, I been playing on my gameboy advance and watching T.V all day. I cant believe we are going back to school in like a week! ahhhhhh

 Tomorrow I'm going to Edinburgh for the day. The festival is on at the moment, so I'm going to go to a few exhibitions and stuff. I'm on BA2934 there and BA2943 back. Cheerio.

 Nicki, you really need to get out more. Jackie, there is a part-time position being advertised in the window of Lloyds chemist in Hamsey Green- I think that means you do after school work and the odd Saturday or something, just thought I'd tell ya! Anywho, I haven't got much to do today, meeting Paul later this afternoon and he's coming here for the evening. Other than that trying to get a bit of work done, but not getting very far. Ttyl

 boo, im bored pooless, nothing to do!

 Good day to you all. I have now watched Sister Act 2 5 times in the past week. Good film. I have watched Jackass the movie 5 times in the past week and last night I watched Captin Corelli's Mandolin. Good film. Wahey.

 Poe went dipsey over la la's tinky winky. Kinky. Well I have been going mad with the thought of Sixth Form next week. Wahey. what is everyone upto this week, here is my plan: Today: went to park Tuseday: nowt Wednesday: going to London with Simon is he is well enough Thursday: going out with Ema and hopefully Jon and Leon Friday: I am doing something but I have completely forgotton what!

 KILL HIM!

 Haven't got much else to post cos David Thomas seems to have taken out some sort of personal vendetta against me and my sister, haven't a clue why, and right now I'm feeling a little peeved off.

 awww ok.

 I'm really Tired :(

 awww ok.

 Correct he is gay which is what makes him even cuter.

 And he's gay. Nah, really I#m happy for ya Nicki, at least you've got something that makes you happy!!! I, on the other hand, have just been working my butt off at work all day, yet again! But hey ho, i like it and I get paid. Seems fair to me.

 I MET STEPHEN GATELY TWICE TODAY WHO I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO MEET FOR THE PAST 10 YEARS! HE IS SOOOOOOOOO FINE AND HE IS SO LOVELY AS WELL! I enjoyed Joesph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat so much! Tom was funny shouting Rock On to one of the brothers. LOL. So much fun. So, much, fun!

 Right Thomas.....

 A tree toad loved a she-toad Who lived up in a tree. He was a two-toed tree toad But a three-toed toad was she. The two-toed tree toad tried to win The three-toed she-toad's heart, For the two-toed tree toad loved the ground That the three-toed tree toad trod. But the two-toed tree toad tried in vain. He couldn't please her whim. From her tree toad bower With her three-toed power The she-toad vetoed him.

 Boo, my results: 2 C's the rest were B's Cant be bothered to write out wot i got for each subject as im really tired! Erm party last night woz good but i think Andy woz stupid cause it kinda ruined his party!

 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ah ha aha ha ha ha ha h aha ha h aha. L'alcool may go to my head, but at least I can hold my drink!!! Nah, peeps should learn from their experiences! Anyway, great party, shame Andy missed the last bit, congrats to everyone!

 Evening. Great party last nite. (Of what I can remember). Sorry Tom, I couldnt do PWD on flashkit.com, I had sorta calmed down by the end of the night. I didnt throw up *cackle*. I didnt get one wink of sleep last night, and I did feel sick at about 6:30, so I took a Rennie in a desperate attempt to stop the sickness. It worked.

 Good party, very amusing, couldn't help but laugh at everyone who threw up, their fault, was rather amused with whole night, very much fun, gotta love bouncy castles, now my raw skin ankles are even worse but hom hum!!!!!!

 That was a good party! Well done guys :)

 Science: CC Textiles: A English Language: A English LIterature: B German: C History: B ICT: C Art: B Maths: D RE: C Not as good as Jo's A*, in fact mine look spretty bad now!!!!!!!! See you all at the party!

 SScience - A*A* Maths - A* English - A* English Lit - A ICT - A* Music - A History - A* Geography- A* R.E. - A French- A* I am very happy, better than expected! OFf shopping now, see y'all later tonight guys! Congratualtions to everyone!!!

 Science - CC Maths - B English - C English Lit - D ICT - B Music - C History - D (two marks off C, being re-marked) Business Studies - A*A R.E. - A (Mr Storey predicted me a F, HA!) Bit annoyed about the history, but nobodies perfect. If you look at what I predicted compared to these, the one one I got wrong was RE! Hehe. I'm happy.

 Resistant Materials - B Maths - B GNVQ Business Studies (Double Award) - BB Science (Double Award, Higher Level) - CC English Language - C ICT - C R.E - C Geography - D English Literature - D Current Status: Very, Very, Very Happy :D

 Indeedy. I've been awake since about 6am cos I am so nervous. DOn't know why cos we can't change anything now, but I'm still sreallllllllllllllllly nervous!! Arrrrgh! Got butterflies and everything, it's reallly not nice!

 NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. TODAY IT IS JUDEGMENT DAY. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.

 Well Waht can i say? We are down to just over 14 hours till we get our results! wooo hooooooooo I cant wait... Yea right I am nervous of only one result, that being my P.E as i found it quite difficult and i really want an A in the subject! Erm thats it. Subject Grade Comments Maths B Science B/C English A/B RE D Hehe i got an F in my mocks! IT D Well i didnt revise! French C HARD!!!!! Physical education A I hope! Business A/B Coursework was rubbish Grade

 Subject Grade Comments Maths A/B bloody blincoe Science A/B English A* RE C Jools Holland says it all IT A* I love barry! Music B grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr French A History A Bloooooooooody helll is all I can say Geography A/B I buggered that up completely.

 I believe it was a Mercedes Benz SLK, with the roof down :) What I recon I will get in my GCSEs Subject Grade Comments Maths B Science C English C/D RE C/D IT B My coursework was rubbish Music B/C History C/D Business A*/A urlLink What do you think you will get?

 Morning ya'll. I dunno my predicted grades so this is what I hope I will get: Subject Grade Comments Maths D Science D Anything is better than a fookin U!!! Mocks anyone... English A/B RE C/D IT C/D Art A/B Textiles A/B History C German C/D

 That is a cool number plate! What veichle was it on?! Better be a good one! Well I haven't got much more to say at this time in the morning, so I might traverse into Croydon and see what I can see!

 Second part of my operation today, just want it over and done with - this one will be quite painful. I won't go into detail because it's pretty sick.

 Well, Only 2 days until results! ahhhhhhhhhh I cant wait! Im really bored and have nothing to write bout i have such a boring life!

 I have just seen the best number plate Jo! It was J2 RAH - how cool is that?

 Well yesterday I went to a party with some friends from Riddlesdown, but there defenition of party is more 'piss-up' than party. But anyway, it's really funny watching all theboys who get completely trashed then dance around madly to Electric Six and Led Zepplin. Extremely funny. I left about 11pm, but everybody else 'crashed' on the floor at Bennett's house over night, havign done a midnight raid on Tesco's with "a spot of bush jumping", as Paul so delightfully put it. Anywho. Today I've been to Caterham and the library and stuff, got a supply of alchohol for Thursday (good or bad!), and got this wicked album out the library: "Ether Song" by Turin' Brakes, it's great! Also just discovering The Thrills and The Vines, they're pretty good tooooooooo! Thursday is drawing ever closer, trying to fill up my time to forget about it! I think I might take a trip into crodyon tomorrow to go to Beano's and get some more music, wander a bit, then I'm going to the cinema in the evening with Paul to see 'Pirates of the Carribean'. Yay! Tonight I am going out to a friend's house for a catch up, so no thinking about GCSEs! yay! Hmmmmmm! Just heard that Andy's party is hawaiin themed, so better go think about that one! ttyl guys!

 I went to Ikea today. My mother and I. I can not believe how long we waited for the stuff. All the larger stuff like wardrobes (what we were buying) has to be got for you via fork-lift-truck in the warehouse. 45 minutes we had to wait. 45 MINUTES! We left our trolleys, nothing had been paid for yet so we weren't worried, got in the car and went to Sainsburys. Got some food and a paper, went back, had a look at the art and pictures (I bought a picture of a rubber duck!) and then went back to the warehouse, read the paper for a few minutes and then finaly the stuff was given out. Not going back there for a while, at least a month.

 WHAT IS IT WITH THE BEEPS? tELL ME NOW OR FOREVA HOLD YOUR BEEPS!

 Beep. I am in a rather blogable mood. Beep. Beep. I will be seeing 3 west end shows. Beep. Beep. Joesph and the amazing technicolour dreamcoat. Beep. Beep. Grease. Beep. Beep. STOMP. Beep. Beep. rah. Beep.

 Erm Beep?

 WHAT?????! I am incredibly confused. You lot appear to be very strange to my befuddled mind. Febuddled beep.

 At least I care for my bleeps. Beep. Yay! Have a cookie.

 Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeep. My beeps are better than your beeps.

 I'm strange. But if I wasn't strange, I wouldn't be Thomas, would I?

 Lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala. Beep. Yay!

 Beep.

 Welcome back Jo I'd love to hear all about your holiday if you want to tell me about it. Yes thank you, I had a great time Cumbria. Thank you for remembering :) I'm not looking forward to Thursday either, I don't think our group is meeting up but I am sure we will all merge together when we are at the school. I haven't heard of any dinners or parties, or I haven't been invited. Guess I brought that on myself by not turning up to Daz's bbq. Oh my. How could I. I'm sorry but I am rather annoyed. People are a bit mad at me for not going. Fair enough. But how come its me they are mad at? How come when other people do the same thing its fine!? No getting annoyed at that person or whatever, just me. Grrr. I just can'tget it right can I? Perhaps I should disappear off the face of the earth and then perhaps people may miss me. Or maybe they will start to spread blame out rather than focus it on one person. I understand that perhaps I have annoyed folk by talking about James, Jon, Leon and Ema alot but that is because 1) they are new and the novelty hasn't worn off yet 2) they don't place blame on me Its not everyone, only a few. But those few make me go all urgh and then I guess it can affect the ones who I love. If that makes sense. Yes I am in a badish mood. Why? Because my gorgeous new fabulas skate shoes decided that today when I walked up to Warlingham they were going to rip half the skin off my ankle which is not pleasant. I have also been shouted at 6 times today for the smallest things. So excuse me for having a moan.

 Never heard tru'er words, Nicki. I was shot in the neck at paintballing from point blank range: I still suffer from random concussion because of that. The scar is still there somewhere.

 Hi guys! I'm back! Nice to know tom missed me, ha ha! Anyway! Did y ahave a good time Nicki? I should probbably read all the blogs that I've missed, but to be honest I'm too tired to faff around with it! Holiday was great, I'll tell you all individually if ya want to know instead of boring all of you who don't want to know, but the basis was it was great, 40 degrees everyday, blah blah! Yeah. Um. I'm not really looking forward to Thursday (obviuosly), but I am in the aspect that we get to see all our friends together again, various people have organised parties and dinners and stuff which should be good! I was wondering if our gang are meeting up somewhere and all going up to school together, or whether that will be too stressful for some people? Let me know if anyone has, and I shall be there! Well got to go, mein vater is cooking me an omlete! Tah tah!"

 All I have to say is: "Its never as bad as being shot in the neck."

 Why is no-one blogging? Have you come down with some weird disease that stops you from blogging? I smell!

 La, La, La, La, I'm very bored at this mooment! Don't need to go to Darren's until later so i have noting to do all day! I have noticed that my keyboard buttons are not working very well, some of the time the letter i press doesnt come out, which can be rather annoying whee trying to write in your password lol I will give yor an exapmle by writing something down here which i wil not edit! My nae is Jackie Thompon, I am ver bored am ad i ave othing to do unti ares BBQ this evening That above statement is meant to read: My name is Jackie Thompson, I am very bored atm and i have nothing to do until Darens BBQ this evening. Gr i hate my keyboard so much.

 Fair enough Tom. I always miss everyone when they are on holiday, the funny thing is no one misses me! Weather they are on holiday or if I am. I can prove that by the large number of people who had forgotten that I had been away for that week. How..demoralising. Made me feel great. Ok Jackie, I will see you there then. I am wandering to the park today to see Ema, James was coming but he can't now as he is getting as level results and so has to go home to tell his Aunt and Uncle. I miss Ema, I was on the phone to her for ages last night! Twas rather amusing.

 Alright. I've been avoiding this subject for nealy two weeks. I miss Jo. There, I said it, and I'm not affraid to admit it. I can sleep now.

 Darrens BBQ starts at 8 Nicki but i will be geting to his house early so you will have to come stiraght to his!

 Interesting link there Tom. Thans for that. I certainly had a good old chuckle. Yer, Daz is very lucky with that. I think I can come to the BBQ but only for a couple hours as it is A-level day so I tink have to be home for dinner or something. I dunno. I'll see. Jackie, perhaps I can come to your house first or knock for you as I go up to Darrens? Or will you be there early to help him set up? My next few days are as follows: Tomorrow: A-Level result day so going to park to meet James to find out what he got at AS Level. Then Daz's bbq. Friday: Can't remember. Probably nothing. Saturday: Nowt. Sunday: Nowt. Wooooooooooo!

 Something some of you may enjoy, especialy Nicki - urlLink Diary of a teenager

 Well, i have been round Darens house all day helping him out in garden ready for his BBQ, i even helped to clean his room! He has sooooo much Alcohol! And his mum payed for it all! She is even paying for food and stuff as well! He is sooo lucky in that respect. I think we may be going to see T3 on Friday but i'm not sure, i will have to ask Max when i next speak to him. I hope we do, but if we don't i will ak Darren to go with me instead just the 2 of us, cause we have wanted to see it for ages! Tsk Tsk, you computer could be seriously ill Nicki! Make sure you take it to the Healthcheck at PC World or you could be in serious trouble! lol I am so glad that the heat is finally leaving us, its an acceptable heat now, i can sleep at night now without sweating the bed down! Lol, Has anyone got ne thing planned for the rest of the week? And Tom heres a virtual hug from me also! :D Make sure you get another one from me off MSN.

 I am back. Yay. Our norton was corrupted and blocked us from accessing everything but it works again now. Although if I disappear for a while its probably because my computer is sick. We haven't taken it in for its yearly healthcheck at PCWorld like we are supposed to. Oops. Sorry, I thought you saw T3 on Monday when I did, just earlier. I saw it in the evening. Yes, shocking, I was in Croydon at 8pm! OMG! But Leon, Ema and James waited with me until I got on the bus which was nice. Like I said, I like having people all protective over me. Its nice. Awww Tom. Have a virtual hug. I know, life is a bitch sometimes and its not fair when people are taken from us. I don't know to say that can help except that I have you in my thoughts.

 Well my foot still hurts, and after tomorrows little trip I'm going to be flat broke. My spots are not being nice, I look like a bloody lepoard or something. Nothing I do helps! I take tablets, I apply funny strange blue liquid after washing, I wipe clean with those pad thingys when ever I come home, but fuck it! Nothing seems to work! I'm being selfish perhaps? Maybe I am, probably am, after all I'm selfish know-it-all twat, arn't I? I think I know everything and I never shut up, do I? Well you're going to put up with me for the next minute or two. Why should I have nice clear skin like everybody else? I don't need to be like everybody else, I'm not a bloody sheep or something. Yep, that's it, I'm a selfish bugger and proud of it. I want clear skin, I want this, and I want that. All me, me, me, me. Is it really so hard!?!? Bullshit there is some all mighty god or what ever the hell people believe in. If there was, stuff like this wouldn't happen. Victor, who is my great-grand-cousin (long title, but he's close), has been ill for a last month and has just passed away in hospital. He was such a nice person, had a lovely family who are now spread all over Europe (6 children!), and he wasn't even that old. Can't believe it, and I don't want to believe it. How can somebody so nice die? Much rather the people who broke into my neighbors house and stole their car died, that would be much nicer. Bastards, they should be shot. Makes me so angry that people think they can get away with it. People so desperate and stupid that they have to resort to crime to get them out of their problems. Go to hell the lot of 'em. So I'm selfish for wanting my family to live as well maybe? I want him back, I want to say goodbye. Is that selfish as well? It's not you, it's me. Ah, fuck it, it's all pointless anyway...

 WE didnt go to th cineama yesterday! We are going on Friday i think

 Would've blogged yesterday but I didn't get in until late!! Did you all enjoy T3? I did, I saw it with Ema, James and Leon in the evening once we had got back in from Camden. Its ok, I didn't like it all that much though. Camden yesterday was cool, I have never been before and I know I will be going there alot more often now. Hehe. I got a sum 41 hoodie for the winter. I like hoodies. They are so nice and waaaarm. I met Jon's twin yesterday. I really do look alike! I got a bit confuzzeled! I hope you are feeling better Tom and that the pain goes away soon!

 I've had an operation on my foot and I'm IN A GREAT DEAL OF AAARRRGGHH PAIN! I've had an ingrowing toenail for a little while and so now I've had it removed. Ouch.

 Boo, Why Is No-One Blogging? Hmmmmmm, I Dont Want To Be The Only One

 wel im hot! Im still hot And guess what im still hot! I like red square, it is nice, i also like vodka black ice mmmmmmm I had the best shower today, it woz nice and cold so it woz lovely jubly! lol

 Awww bless yaz Tom. Well the park today shall be amusing what with the heat and poor air quality. I have a feeling it will be a case of just sitting there. I can't be assed to bring a rug today, takes too much effort carrying it up/down the hill. I'm out tomorrow in London with my darlings. Hehe. Can't wait to see them all again. Even though I saw James yesterday. Argh. My brain can't handle the smog!

 Note to self: Reefs are not nice

 On Thursday, Friday and today I've been doing Jo's job which is lots of fun. Still haven't quite got the hang of which order the garden pots go outside yet. I can take in the broom trolley without it going on the road. Tomorrow I'm doing my job (doing the afternoon shift, thank goodness). So I'm very tired, but I've just had a Reef on an empty stomach and seeing things in a new light, hehehe. Beep.

 Well I had fun at the park today. It was nice to see James. We watched cricket as we chatted. I had no money so he brought me an ice cream. Hehe. I will come to the park tomorrow so long as no one minds if I just sit there because it is too hot!!! Good luck with the bbq Jackie! I am thinking of you!

 YAY, i get to go to a BBQ today and guess whose gonna be there? Lisa Stone! grrr, i hate that girl! What great fun i'm gonna have! Oh well i must indure the pain and get over it.

 Oi! Don't diss American cinema things! They rock! LOL. Ahhh Jackie you scared me. Don't ever ever ever do that again! Today I am nipping over to Jennys to say hi and then I am going to the park to meet some friends. Then tomorrow I am going to the park to see you guys! Yay!It's way too hot though. I may come down an hour or two latebecause I don't fancy wandering about at midday when its at its hottest. Hmm. I will decide tonight. Tom, you should be very impressed with me. I have entered a thought for every single day minus one on THINK. (Link above) You and Max both forgot yesterday. Tutt tutt. I am the champion. LOL.

 boo

 You're not wrong Nicki, in America, it's the same movie, but it is rated R (people 17 and under require a parent or guadian to be present) because US censorship it rubbish. You can't show anything over there.

 One of my friends told me. Perhaps there are 2 versions because they do that sometimes. One is kinda uncut but I guess for the Terminator it would be total carnage. Who knows. I'll be popping over to see Jenny later to give her her pressie. Spoke to Simon today about his hol but I won't say anything as you will all hear about it on Sunday.

 Yes Terminator is a 12A where u get 18 from Nicki? lol Ne way dentist was fie today but i am drinking too much Diet pepsi so i hve to cut bac! grr, i do love me ole diet pepsi's Erm...Once again i wil sitat home most of the day, maybe i should ornaise a trip bowling or summit? N one wanna come?

 I thought it was a 12A?

 Yesterday I had my final meeting which was sad but it turns out it won'tbe the final day! Miriam is adding a extra day for us on September 1st. We will go to London to see the 8pm performance of STOMP then afterwards go to Planet Hollywood for a final meal. Woooooo! I am seeing James tomorrow and on Monday I will be seeing all of them as we are going to London. Yay. I know you guys may be seeing T3 but rememeber it is an 18 so dress maturely. Lol.

 Boy oh boy Jackie, you sure live on interesting life!

 I'm really excited bout gettin my results! ERm today i sat at home and did nothing again! I am going to the dentist tmor so i wont be around to chat in the morning! do bee do!

 GCSE results; just chill and relax, there is bugger all you can do about it, so don't worry yourself!

 Dammit Jackie! Why must you bring that up! LOL. Yer, good luck to you to. I am wetting myself about it. I think I will go up before 11 and be ready to get my results the moment they open up. I will then jump on my envelope, run home, open it, and cry. Yup. That's my plan. Nice pic of Nic Max. I don't think she'd be too impressed. Yesterday I had one of my group meetings, it was great. Lovely to see everyone again. Today is our last meeting so I am not too pleased but I am happy because Ema has invited me to a party and James and I have spoken on the phone for nearly 2 hours every night so far since we have been back. They love me! LOL. I am in a bit of dilemma but that is something to be spoken about quietly. HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY JENNY

 We went to the Isle of Wight today. Great fun. Took this: Dane q.

 Only 2 weeks and 1 day until we get our GCSE results! Good luck guys!

 Cool, wishlist, me tired, goodbye

 Ive been going downloading mad over the last few days. Ive downloaded American Pie 3, Terminator 3 and The Matrix Reloaded. Not bad. APIII is hilarious. I have finally began creating my Amazon.co.uk wishlist. View urlLink Here . I'm in a desparate need for going paintballing.

 awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwwww,awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwwww, awwwwwwwwwwww

 Yay Jackie! Jeans! Wooooooo! Yay you! Yay job interview! Yay! I had to get up at 6.15 this morning to say bye to Caz because she is off to uni. I can't gobac to bed because if I do then I won't get up again. I have bene crying for the past couple hours, even in the shower! Ah, I was washing my hair with tears. How poetic. I miss her already so if I'm all quiet and apparently depressed at school then that is why. So. Ner.

 phew im knackered, been to croydon today and finally got some jeans! yay I have also got a job interveiw at W H Smith so fingers crossed! Erm dats all the info i cna be bothered to write im so knackered

 Just got in from work and boy am I tired. I was till trained today and it wasn't too bad. I am working from 10am tomorrow so if anyone wants to pop in and buy something........

 Have fun Jo! The Lake District is so much fun and camping up there is even better :) I am sure you will have a great time. I did when I went. Yes, the film was excellent, I too would like a sequal and I would like to be a vampire. I already have the eyes. Mwhahaha. 3 weeks at Sixth Form. Good bad? I'd say good. Its going well for me. I am really knackered this week from sixth form and work. Whenever I stay up late doing homework or something I have to get up early and never get a chance for a lay in. Right now I am aching so bad. :( Have a nice weekend everyone.

 Cool! Have fun Jo. Been to the cinema tonite, great fun and Nicki is now obsessed about being a Vampire! Lol Great film though i hope there is a sequal coming out!

 Well. What an interesting day. Had to take half my personal belongings into school today to pack into a barrell for D of E, and I just know I'm going to have forgotten to pack something really crucial. As it is I've forgotten plates and cuttlery (quite important!), so i'm gonna have to sit on it tomorrow in the mini-bus. So yes. I just hope that a) it doesn't rain, and b) it doesn't get too bloody cold!!! I think that the cold is going to be the worst bit, having to camp for 3 nights in the freezing cold lake district, with nothing but 5 layers of clothes, a sleeping bag and a lilo for warmth. Hey ho, gotta do these thigns to get places in this world, I guess! Sholud be a laugh though, I just can't help feeling a bit nervous cos we've got to capsize in the lake, and I hate deep water. However, we do get life jackets so it sholudn't be too scary................But I bet I end up in tears whatever happens! Hey ho, so gutys have a good weekend, be back on Tuesday! Byeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

 freshers is a big party dessigned to introduce year 12 to year 13. a night out clubbing basically.

 BOO

 I can't decide what to wear! You tart :) Pick up the first thing you see. Jo, what the hell is freshers?

 Blerg i feel like shit! I'm so tired and i just feel ill! Not to much homweork to do which is gud! Erm school service tmor with a yr11 Trampolining class! Ahhhh im scared! Oh and I'm hungrey so im gonna go for dinner now!

 I have had the worst day today. Lessons just went from bad to worst. I want to drop geology but I don't want to give up on it. Argh. Stress.

 I can't decide what to wear!

 I wil be at school until 5 tomorrow to go through my geology report with Scott and Seward. I have a full day tomorrow, no frees. Dammit. I enjoyed the chat Jackie, Sally, Matt and I had fourth lesson. It was just plain cute I reckons. Today was ok. Lessons were good. Art was hilarious as we had to draw ourselves with a continuous line without looking which was incredibly amusing. It rained! Wahoo! My cous sent some pictures of him and his wife from this wedding then went to. It was in Montanna and the pics are so nice. I'm happy. I'm content with my life. Its fine.

 Rah. School was shit today. CAn't be bothered to say nowt else. Hope nobody else feels as crap as me.

 Loadsa of peeps went to the park, they all got drunk and i have some very good gossip bout it but i cant say on ere! mwhahahah

 Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooh! Wow!!!!! He he he I hope it all went okay Nicki!!!! Well mum took me shopping today and I got loads of new clothes for school which has made me happy, I also got my outfit for freshers which is gooooood!

 Start work at 10. Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.

 Yay Jo! Yay Jackie! Who went park? Why? When? I went to the Royal Albert Hall today to the disney channel kids awards. I got a free disney hat if anyone wants it, I got 2. LOL. BUSTED were so awesome. I love BUSTED. I would go see them next year at Wembley but tickets are like 21.50 which is a bit stepp so I will just enter lots of competitions and see if I get in there that way, cos BUSTED are worth it. Oh the park. Yer. Haven't spoken to them yet. Who went in the end do we know? Yer so BUSTED were great and I love Matt Jay now, aka, MATTIE. Phor. Wahey. Start work tomorrow. Don't know when I am working yet so I don't want any of ya'll coming in trying to harass me on my first day. But you can come in to say hi if you wish. LOL.

 Well, My new bedroom is coming along fine atm! I should be moving in by tmor evening! Which means i get to sleep in the double bed! yay! Erm seems that they all had fun down the park but i would ask those who went for more details! ;) Erm dats it

 Rah well I've just got back from swimming with Hollie, was amusing to say the least- the others we were meeting never turned up, and then we bumped into the whole of the teaching staff of Oxted school comign out of the pub! How embarrasing!! Anyway, other than that my day has been fine, it's been confirmed that I'm going to Lake District on my Gold D of E expedition next Friday, and yay! That's about it! Tooodle pip peeps!

 GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRr MSN wont sign me on! Saying summit bout my internet aint workng or theres a problem with thier site well my intenet is on and there site is fine! help me!!!

 1)Maths cos I really enjoy it atm and it's interesting 2) Geography- I'm dropping it! yay! 3) Having so much freedom and being able to get involved in what I want, when I want! 4) Haven't come across it yet! So yeah. Today has been one whirl-wind of a day, in all aspects. Busy, busy, what with Ofsted Inspectors lurking in corridors and stuff, plus I am trying to work out with my head of 6th form what to take up instead of geography, or whether to bother at all, so I've just phoned about 20 different unis to ask their advice, and I got to go and have a meeting with Mr Butterworth tomorrow morning to dicuss more.

 1) Um, kinda a mix of ICT and AVCE Business, they all have their good points. 2) Same again, except they have bad points. 3) Best thing.....free lessons!!! 4) Free lessons get boring... WHO BROKE THAT BLOODY HI-FI IN THE COMMON ROOM! Sorry, im in the LRC right now and its boiling hot in here, maybe it because ive got a fleece on :D My parents are going away for three days on Tuesday! Whooo!!!

 my best subject is erm PE but thats only cause i get to do practicales! Worst lesson i sprobably psychology cause ms Ajit is a stupid woman who continually writes stuff on the borad and it gets kinda boring after like 10 mins! I woul agree with nicki bout the free periods but only cause u can laugh at peeps in lessons! i am quite anoyed that i only got 8 frees now rather than the 14 i started with! lol Worst thing bout 6th form is the ammount of work you get, i think it is unbeleivable you get sooooooo much. And if you have more than one teacher its even worse! Ahhhhhh help me with my homework i have like 6 peices to do and i am getting bored of it already! Well what colour do you guys reakon i should paint my new room now my sister has gone? I need to know by tonite though so my daddy can get the paint! LOL I cant wait to get in this room permentantly cause that way i will have sooo much room and space i wont know wot to do with it all! But i know for a fact i wont let my room get into a mess like vanessa did! You could only see the floor on good days or after she had supposedly cleaned up! Lol Shes gone now and it still looks a mess cause she has left half of her stuff her! The whole room is covered in dust cause we havent been able to get to any of the surfaces for at least 2 years! Wow this is a really long blog for me im used to writing like 10 words then signing off maybe im writing sucha a long blog to stall me from doing my homework! Hehe And i have one more thing to moan about, Nickki have you noticed how all the chairs seem to be dissappearing over to the "upper 6th side" and less of them sit that side ne way! plus they have the new chairs over their side and the pool table! Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

 Ahhhhhhhh. Eat you aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive. Omg how annoying was that whole music argument earlier. I can't believe how rude the sixth form are, especially the upper sixth. They are supposed to be helping and welcoming us not attacking us!!!!! But anyway, we will get our way eventually. I had a goodish day today. Lessons were fine. Here is a small question thingy for everyone to do: 1) Best lesson/subject? Why? 2) Worst? 3) Best thing about Sixth Form? 4) Worst? My anwsers: 1) Geology because we have such a laugh with Seward. For example I wore my top with the sticky letters and we wrote 'seward.com'. Then changed it to 'seward rocks' (get the joke there..geology...rocks) which was highly amusing. Then using seward rocks we were finding the anagrams of it. LOL. 2) Probably English with that lady teacher I have. Its boring. We all fall asleep. 3) Free periods. You can chill out in common room, go on computers, do work in libary, go to shops, do schol service. Its so cool because most others are in lessons. 4) The upper sixth being prats and not seeing people as much like Jackie.

 There we go, homework all done. Apart from those two geography essays and a couple of bits of media. And a bit of business. Damn.

 well, eat me?

 Well I have an awful headache. I have just written a 872 worded essay for english. I have to go and do about 4 differents pieces of textiles which involves drawing fookin vegetables. Grrrrrr. And I am annoyed with CERTAIN people at school so pah. Carrie is leaving next weekend, not this but week after, so I'm all depressed. Ahhhh.

 Woooooooowwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeee did I have fun today! We got so near the front you could practically see the sweat dripping off Busted, Misteeq and those strange Big Brova people in VERY small dresses. Hey ho, I really enjoyed it, even if one side of my face is bright red from being in the sun all day. Hey ho, that's the price you pay for entertainment i guess, by the beeb's standards. But yes twas good. Byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Very nice seeing you Tom and Nicki! I have to meet Jenny, she sounds lovelly. Sounds perfect girlfriend material. Tom. *wink wink* *nudge nudge*

 Big rooms are good. Big banners are not. Stupid people. Cool concert though! Thanks for coming guys. David Blaine is strange. Now - bath, food, sleep.

 Well im not seeing Busted, But i can look at justin all day cause nicki gave me a mahossive poster of him! hehehehe Oh yea im also cleaning my sisters room out as she is leaving for uni on Tuesday, soon i wil have the large bedroom! Yayyyyyyyy

 urlLink Busted busted busted!!

 What ever floats your boat Jackie! We're going to see Busted! Yay!

 Well i'm a fridge magnet and also: Je veux des ailes de poulet pour l'ok de petit djeuner ? Hehe.

 Busted! Busted! Busted! Bisted! Busted! Bustesed! Busted! Busted! Busted! Busted! Busted! Right I'm off to party, byeeeeeeeeeee guys!

 Why the fuck are people still judging me by something that happened when I was 13! That was years ago. I'm not a whore and I don't sleep around - that was her - get your facts right.

 Congratulations Jo :) I agree Jackie. I disagree with Max. I would say something to Sheepy by he hasn't blogged in a while. Lol. Well I came online last night at 11.10PM. Shocking. I had been doing art and textiles since 8pm so I wanted a break. After I came offline at about 11.45PM I did a couple spider diagrams and then went to be. Got up at 8 this morning, added some more detail to all my 4 spider diagrams and then came on here. In a mo I will go and do my geology and english lit (essay and book talk prep!!) and then go off to Woolies for my job interview. O the excitment. Then of course tomorrow I am going to the CBBC Prom In The Park with Jo, Tom and Nancy which should be a laugh. Then its back to school, week one, school service, lessons, mad lunches, free periods, general studies (pah!).

 Wow what an experiement that was ! Anwyhow, cvyer strange day and I've got my diary sho0ved munder my keyboard so that's why this is a b it sbixzarros. Hey ho. I got voted onto the 6th form council today- yay I'm important!!! He he he!! Sunday!"!!!!!

 ahhhhhhh,too much homework! 6 pieces! ahhhhh

 *Sing* I like traffic lights....... I like traffic lights........

 Hiya

 urlLink Google hello? Does this blog this!" thing actually work????!

 Hey ho folks I am back, for now. My computer will probably play up so if I disappear its the computer being a jackass. I have read everyones blog since my last but I won't comment on them all as I can't remember what they all said!! So far I am finding Sixth Form mang! There are only one or two aspects I am not liking but thats mainly teachers I'm not keen on. I love all the new folk we have in our ickle group. Jenni, JAMES....lol. Hush. I am looking forward to the geology trip we are organising for half term. We get 2 days off school which means we also get to miss the sponsered walk!!! Yea!!! September 11th. R.I.P.

 WEll i had a good day cept that it nded in my having four peices of homwork to do! BY TMOR! (i did leave 2 peices form yesterday to do today) Erm that phot thing is stupid and took age, my legs were acheing after that, and boy my picture is gonna look like shit! Erm i would like to say Miss Shar is usless, she talks on bout nothing so we dont get any of the info we are ment to get and we always end up walking out of the classroom with her still yabbering on bout nothing! I had four frigging lessons today, i think General studies is gonna be a load of bollocks, if id wanted to take 5 subjects i woulda done! No one said nothing bout doing general studies wen we applied did they! Grrrrrrrr What a bloddy waste of time! And not to mention energy, i do hope we dont get homeowrk for that cause i got enuf already, that probably being cause i got a bout 13 teachers and im only doing 3 subjects! Which means with every teacher i get homework, but fortuantly it means that it doesnt have to be in for ages cause i dont have then again for like a week! I now how 3 fat text books to carry to skool everyday and not to mention the 3 folders i also have to bring to skool with all my work in, by the end of the year im gona have no arms left cause they will of dropped off! Wahey this is a long blog for me, i think its cause im in a oaning mood and im taking a break form teh 4th peice of homework of the nite! I'm not used to this, back in the good ole days of yr 11 i could leave it till the last minute and srill have to time to eat a cake! But not now as each peice takes like an hour or more to do! I Cant cope and im saying this after only 4 days at school! lol Im sure ill ajust to the lifestyle, it sounds better than urs Jo, you seen to have mountains of homwork and hardly ne free periods! Mine have gone done to 11 now cause of stu[id general studies! I would like to apoliguise for my poor spelling and grammar but i cant be bothered to check through it and make sure it makes sence! Hehe im lazy! Well thats bout it from me, im off to continue my Health and Social Care homework in which i have to read a newspaper and then rite about it and challenge its contents! Ahhhhhhhh

 Whey! Our ICT lesson was cancelled by Mr Hanson himself because people were having their photos taken. (Namely me and Andy, standing almost at the back of the queue :D ). Throwing grapes at Tom and Dave, that was good as well. (It was Jenny.J who through the grape at Jenny - Tom I swear, lol!!!!). WHEY! only had 1 lesson today total, including the cancelled ICT lesson. SCHIZER. I havent done my ICT, maybe because I cant think of a project to do.

 Hey Nicki! Even though it's not lucnh time!" But hey anyway! Well I've been working since I got home about 3.15 today, I literally finished 10 minutes ago, I've washed my hair, running a bath, going to dry my hair, then go online to chat to people until I feel that the time has come for me to retire to bed! WEll today for homework I have had to write a piece on why Mussolini came to power, make notes on a chapter of geography on urbanisation, Research and do a piece on tides, learn the present tense in Spanish (regular an irregular), Do some french questions on a text then translate the whole of the text into English, 4 questions on Algorithms for Decision maths, and finally a whole exercise on manipulating surds (in the words of my teacher, "sounds vaguely obscene") for pure maths. Oh the joys! Well at least I am enjoying it atm!

 Good Jackie - you get to read a real newspaper rather than just rubbish about people who show off for a living, anyway... I'm tired. Way too much work. I can't believe it, a few years ago I stopped art, I thought that was the end of my colouring in days - but oh no, geography today, drawing maps. Green for land, blue for sea - logical you see. One step ahead of the game. Business & Economics as well, stuff about the shop Spar (private joke for Jo, SPPAAARRRRRRRRR!). More geography for the other one, Coombes. First media studies lesson today - very cool, looks like fun! Period 5 today quite a few people had a free and not many could be bothered to do any work at the end of the day, so sat in the common room. Tasha was having a conversation with Penny and Helen, and the whole room went quiet for some reason (you know what I mean, it just does) and all you could hear was Tasha saying "are we talking testicals?" Rather amusing I must say. Have you guys seen that stupid sign the upper sixth put up about us? First day in school and instantly we get blammed for the mess in the common room. No lower sixth went in the common room because they were all to scared of the upper sixth! Silly people. I think it's quite sweet the way the whole room has divided itself between upper and lower, straight down the middle. Poor Nicki still hasn't got her computer working yet, so she's probably reading this in school at lunch - hi Nicki!

 WEll i ahev 3 peices of homwork tonite! :( I have to read a broadsheet newspaper SHOCK HORROR! ERm yea i had triple health and social care today, i was sooo tired after that day!

 Nicki says "Grrrrrr That is all. Milk."? That is a very bizarre message. hey ho, Only got Spanish to do tonight which is a bit of light relaxation. A whoile language from scratch to GCSE in a year- not bad! And we may even be doing the exam in January! Impressive. I'm bored. Need food. Bue bue.

 Awww! You poor thing! Don't worry, in two years time you'll look back at your first week at Oxted and smile. Nicki unfortunatly has a naughty computer which isn't being very helpful, so she can't actually get onto the internet. She passes on the following message... Grrrrr That is all. Milk.

 Ak well. Spanish alphabet, histograms, Fascism and Millionaire cities were all in the mix for me today. Whoppee. One free that I spent in the common room bored to tears on my own. Hey ho. Um yes. Well school is ok actually, I have a group of people I could call 'friends', probably more associates, but hey, I got to start somwhere. I'm still getting the 'oh let's all talk to the new girl and try to drag her into our clan' which isn't too bad, as everywhere I go people talk to me and yell hi across the corridors and stuff, which makes me feel liked so all's good atm.

 Well, i have done nothing so yea ill just be quiet...................... There we go! I'm bringing cards in tmor to play with and a ball for the tablefootball! Yay! But i have only one free! So i wont be in there for long!

 Food for poor ol' me as well!!!!! Yesterday was absolutely great. Not only did I get 30 for doing 5 mins maintenance/repair on someones PC, but I had a great night out too! Can't get any better than that. As my wallet has been 'topped-up' *smug* I can now afford my Only Fools And Horses DVD, Max Payne II (when it comes out in about a month) and I can also take Nic out for a classy meal when I get round to it one weekend. Corny. I have also done most of my homework so far. I'm hardly lagging which gets me in a happier mood :) P.S: BRAND new absolutemaxpayne.co.uk due for release in about 3 weeks (just before release, how convenient). Kinky.

 Oh dear. As some of you know I went to the BFI London IMAX cinema yesterday with Dave, Andy and Max to see The Matrix Reloaded. The movie was great! But, rather than finishing at about 9pm like we thought it would, it finished at 11pm. So after getting out of the cinema, into the station, getting some food for poor Andy, finding a train, then hanging around at Clapham Junction for 20 minutes to get to East Croydon I got home pretty close to 1am. If I fall asleep in the common room, just poke me or something.

 Well done Jackie. Can't believe the little amount of frees you have Jo. I have 14 I think. In fact period one tomorrow is free. Yay, Monday morning and I can sleep for an hour in the common room! I was not impressed on Friday. My Eng Lit lesson was crap, I nearly fell asleep. Its one of those teachers who talks in the same flat tones. AAAAAAH! Then I had a free so I did some school service. Then I had textiles which at the moment I hate. The teacher was treating uslike year 7's, don't talk when I am, don't talk you should be doing your work etc... She also said that when we bring in fabric we HAVE to share it, like if someone asks to use some of yours you give it to them. Nope. I'm not. I don't have much money so anything I buy I am using myself, they can go buy it themselves. I mean for textiles and art so far its already cost me 10 for the 4 sketch books. Outrageous. I don't see why I should supply the rest of the class with fabric. Anyways, I still have one more piece of textiles to do so chal.

 My results were: 114! i got 40 out of 70 questions correct! Yay!

 Well im doing Test the nation again... But im not doing to well! It's really hard this time! :D I will post the results wen i get them!

 I have 3 frees a week (we work on a 1 week timetable), that means 6 over the 2 weeks, and I lose 2 of them in october, leaving me with 4 frees every 2 weeks.

 WEll today was good but i got some homework already! :( I am really tired so i am gonna try and go to bed early tonite although i probably wont! lol Erm I have 4 teacher for my health and social care lessons! and 3 for P.E! I have 14 free lessons atm over the 2 week timetable so thats good although some peeps have many more!

 Rah well would blog but I've got so much to do it's ridiculous- Geography research (what and as much as I want to do for general background info), history research on publish health in the 1750s, Spanish stuff (the easiest of the lot- learning numbers!), French essays to write on the summer holidays- yay! Hey ho, at least I'm enjoying school and I am making friends, I've even been invited to someone's birthday party- and she's only invited 25 people. I guess it's out of pity for the poor new girl, but hey! Who am I to complain?!! Got to get my costume sorted for that, but she's gonna tell me what the theme is on monday. Shoudl be interesting........ My other bit of news is that I'm going to audition for Cabaret with Chloe on Monday night! That should be an absolute hoot. I can't remember whether I said that yesterday or not, but tbh I am so tired I really can't remmeber! hey ho. Got all my files sorted, so I'm ready to be off Monday morning and straight into a full week! Fortunately I only have to carry a daily file as we're not allowed to take in our whole file for each subject, in case we lose it somewhere and then we'll basically fail our AS levels wihtout the notes, apparently. Anyway! That's about it for today, I shall give u an update as to whether I am going on the Gold D of E canoeing expedition in a few weeks time when I find out on Monday- Holly and I are going to bribe the leader into letting me join in!

 Glad you had a good day Jo and that you are making friends :) I agree with Jackie, wasn't worth 20, maybe 10 but not 20. I enjoyed yesterday, I thought that the purpose of it all did work. I know my form seem a lot more relaxed with each other. My tutor is Miss Wilkins. Great. I have in my form who I know and get along with well, Olly, Max, Matt (can't remember his second name) and Lee Reeves. Then there are Michelle and Lisa who obviously I know and all. It should be okay. I also have Charlie in my form and he is a good laugh so should work out fine. I can't see how the Sixth Form block will work at lunch what with the lower and upper sixth all in at once. That's gonna be crazy. New guy James, was a bit lost at lunch as he couldn't find people so I told him to come on over and eat with us. Then Tom took him and the new girl Jenny off to the shops. Bless them. Bless Tom.

 Well today was interesting to say the least, i dont think it was worth 20 pounds but there again i wasnt paying my mum was so.... I have a stupid form tutor who i cant even remeber the name of! I have jenny, scott, natalie and andy in my group so thats okay, but i also have zahna, elle, phea and sam kennedy! :( But today was good fun and now im knackered!

 Today I had tutor this morning where some interesting discussions took place between a girl called Chloe and I- she was telling me all about her day at the REAding festival, each band that played in the main arena, which guys she fancies from various punk/rock bands, and all abotu her favourite george Orwell novels, aparently the best she has read was a crime solving thing from the point of view of a cat....... Anyway, she was quite cool and I ended up on duty with her at break time, guarding the main hall from little kiddies trying to vandalise anythign and everything. Turns out she doesn't like anyone else in our tutor group either, so I tink it's a safe bet that i'll be spending a lot of time with her in tutor activities. After lunch I had a geography lesson which was a bit boring but also quite bizarre- the teacher sat us down and explained the usual boring stuff, then said "here's the book cupboard, here's some paper, do something with it" and we were all kind like, 'uh???!' but then she said she wanted us to write notes around the subject of coast lines, ready for our field work trip which is like 4 weeks time! argh! That's then going to be our coursework which has to be done by 5th Novemeber, so it's all getting quite scary already! I also made a sort of buddy in geography called Amy, we shared the books around and helped each other out by swapping notes! how sad am I? I'm jsut desperate to make friends I guess! Anywho, last thing I had french and that was quite funny actually,the teacher I had today is like Mrs Mawer (Jackie will know!), but and english version and slightly less barmy. That was ok! According to Chloe and Garfunkel (? Who knows what his real name is, but Chloe called him Garfunkel) I have a good set of teachers, which includes the head of sixth form and the deputy head, both of which are quite cool. i've also been pursuaded to audition for the school production on Monday night....... CABARET! One MOnday night we all have to go along for 2 hours where we will be taught for a song and dance routine, and then we'll havbe to go back on Wednesday and actually do the audition to a panel of, um, teachers I guess! Nayway should be a laugh and the 6th form always get heavily involved (so I am assured by various upper 6th and school council members), so what the hell? I'm going along with Chloe and her friends, so should be a laugh if that;s all. Looking forward to tomorrow, Chloe has promised to bring me in her Placebo albums for me to borrow..............

 I don't like hospitals. Don't like 'em at all! Glad you enjoyed your first day Jo! I hope Oxted works out for ya, just don't forget about us lot!!!!! You know what Tom, I am really sorry. i totally forgot to ask you something which I should've, how was your trip to Edinburgh (can't spell sorry!!!!)?

 Well, i had a hospital appointment today so that was fun! had to wiat for like an hour just to see sum stupid doctor that said, okay ur doing well you can go now! How stupid and pointless is that? Grrrr, hospitals are soooo crap

 Well I had an induction half-day at Oxted today, and I think it's going to be cool. We had a house meeting and my head of house is really nice (always a good start when u have friendly staff around), then we went to various sessions on how to think, revise and work efficiently, some of which was useful (but most wasn't!). Got chatting to quite a few people about things, generally it's cool and my tutor is nice, in all aspects!! ;) Anyway! Not got much else to say really. Tah tah

 Hollywood Homicide: LOVED IT. Josh Hartnett in Hollywood Homicide: LOVED IT (Jackie can agree with that, lets see...every time Josh is on screen awwwww, bless him, awwwww looks at that sexy hair, aw look at his eyes etc....) So basically TWAS FAB. Today I have a job interview at 10.30 and at 2.30 a bank appointment so aaaaaaaah.

 Oh, im sorry how about this: Good

 Hang on Jackie! Too much information, I can't read all that, so much detailed information, you need to shorten it a bit.

 Cinema was good!

 I get to pay 5 to the school council, and then I get to go to 'fresher's frolic'- a fancy dress party at a night club! Yay!

 Nope, not yet, we find that out on our fun team building day on Thursday. We pay 20 quid to do fun team games and meet new friends. Well you know what? I don't want to know anybody else, the friends I have a lovely and the rest of our year are a bunch of twats. 200 of us paying 20 for one days 'fun' - you do the maths.

 Nice. Well i bought 2 pairs of shoes (admiteddly very cheap ones, but they serve their purpose) and a jumper today. I am now officially broke (until Saturday). Enrollment fun guys? Do you know what forms you're in?

 At least you're smiling in it, Jo. The builders have moved in, so urlLink this is what I get to listen to for the next 12 weeks! Grrrrr.

 lol fair enough! I've got a bit of a problem in that on my student card I've got one of the photos that we got done on the last day of school, and I'm in me warlingham uniform. That means everytime I have to show the damned thing on the train I'm probably gonna get mobbed by Oxted kids. It's weird thinking Oxted'#s my school now, and Warlingham's a thing of the past!

 Dunno they just say that you need 2 passport size photos otheriwse they wont be able to accept ur enrolment! so i decided to get em dun!

 Yes Jackie :( Why do you need photos for school?

 La la la la la la la la la la la la la, I can sing this song! Beans, beans, there gud for your heart Beans, beans, they make you fart The more you eat the more you fart The more you fart the more you eat The more you sit on the toilet seat Well i went to croydon today and got my photos dun for school. Jo i hear you're in Claire Stevens form at Oxted? Is that right?

 It's the 1st of September. What does that mean? Well I've pulled out most of my Autum/Winter clothing from the corners of my wardrobe, I've just heard the first advert for Christmas and I'm cold. The summer is over, I'm going into hibernation, see you in the Spring!

 lol JAckie, I've been in Croydon all morning on my own cos I coulnd't find anyone to go with! HOwever, went in at 9am and literally shopped-till-I-dropped, purchasing 2 jumpers, a pair of trews and then some bits 'n' bobs. So now I am oficially bankrupted. Hey ho, life goes on though! WEll I saw Hollywood Homicide last night, it's ok but it's not wonderful, it's a bit too predictable!!!

 I agree Tom. The odd fancy dress party like Andy sometimes has is fun and amusing because that is all it is, fancy dress and a party. But anyway, if your trick or treating don't bother coming to my house because we never open our door to any person silly enough to knock on complete strangers houses. I got back from Birmingham yesterday. It was cool. The uni is right in teh city centre so a five minute walk and there is the train station and many a shop. HUGE shopping centres there. I got some new clothes but I've run out of room so I need hangers and I need more drawers. Sorry about not blogging Jackie, I haven't had time. Harass Max. He hasn't said a word yet about Max Payne 2.

 I hate Halloween. It has strange routes that nobody is quite sure about, it's a bit of a famine in the 1840s in New England, USA. It's a bit of the Irish about a man called Jack who made a deal with the devil, making the Jack-o-lantern - used to be in a turnip but the USA decided it would be better to use pumpkins as there were more of them. Trick-or-treating comes from Celts and was actually to give food to the needy on 2nd November in return for giving prayers to the dead on their path to heaven. It is the Celtic New Year as the summer officaly ends, acording to the Celts in 5 BC. There really isn't much in it at all. I'm sorry to be the evil and unsprited one, but I refuse to be sucked into this. Children running around wearing stupid masks threatening people to give them sweets which are going to make them fat. Old people have a terrible time and every year you read about an old lady somewhere going to hospital or having her house attacked. I don't care how great it is to dress up and run around looking silly, you can do that any day of the week in my house and get away with it, come on round, it will be a ball.

 Can someone please Blog? No- one i s blogging! I feel like no one likes me! :(

 I'm Bored, i have never been so bored in my life! plz help me now before i kill myself! I have money so u can suggest stuff to me! plz someone tell me something to do?!!!!!

 My daddy was on the ITN News last night! I'm going to Birmingham today to stay with my sis so I'll talk to you all on Friday.

 I am blogging. See: Blog blog blog blog blog. Wahey. I'm back. I have 7 bars of Kendal Mint Cake. I slept the whole 6 hours back just about. I fell alseep on Rudland last night which was amusing. We still won the game of RISK though so yay our team. Its a feild of sheep. Thats proper bo I tell thee.

 Well you're blogging. Max blogs every full moon. Jo is in Wales. Nicki is in a bus coming back from the Lake District. I haven't got much to say.

 Why is no one blogging?

 I HAVE A JOB! I HAVE A PAYING JOB YES DATS RIGHT I HAVE A JOB ! YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAYYYYYYYYYYYYAYYYYY

 MAX PAYNE II IS HERE!!!! WHEYYYYYYY!

 :(

 Nope, Max Payne II is coming Saturday, again, unless Royal Mail deliver our post to next door (yes thats right, a few days ago, the whole street got their next-door neighbours post)

 Byebye Nicki. Yay! Max Payne II might come tomorrow, maybe Saturday, maybe Monday if Royal Mail fuck up.

 Byeeeee!

 I decided there weren't enough decent tracks on the album so I bought the single Mixed Up World, which should help my bank balance slightly compared to last months drama... Nicki is going to the Lake District, again, tomorrow. Lets all wave bye bye.

 Yeah, rockin'. My hair has gone very short. very. You lot might not recognise me if you saw me on the street.

 One band that I'm getting quite into more and more is Fatboy Slim. Well it's not really a real band because it's only one guy, but he's still pretty cool.

 Yeah she is quite cheesy. Well at least her smile is. But I would bet her feet probably are too.

 Cheese?

 no, Sophie Ellis-Bextor. She's pants. CAn't stand her music. Shame on you Tom. But it's a free country, so I'll let you choose.

 Monkeys?

 Sophie Ellis-Bextor :)

 You download it Tom :)

 What single? And are you talking about the SugaBabes??

 Awww, poor Nicki. You're right, Blaine is an wuss, stupid fool. Now, decsion time - do I buy the single, or wait for the album to come out in 7 days? Oh the choices...

 (In the style of Tom: fuck is replaced by Keanu) Blaine cried. Hes a wuss. He can keanu off back to America the fool. Yes I won. Keanu wopee. I get hugs. Ere you are Jackiemus: 1. 1 a year 2. 1 3. 30 4. 5 5. No idea 6. Half in each. Or right on the border. It it depends where the plane was from like it may have been Brittish Airways or something. 7. gas 8. An uncle. Or Stepdad. or Family friend. 9. what 10. because our brains are dumb and are not photographic enough 11. what are you on about 12. 9 13. lonely. keanu no. its, aaaaaaaaaaaah! I have no bloody idea! 14. inside blaines head 15. how are you. Right now all I have to say is: life can keanu off and keanu annoy some other poor keanu soul.

 Concorde stops flying on Friday :( Nicki got Picture 2 correct first (probably because she sent the e-mail at 7:30am that day) Max got both the pictures correct, but Picture 2 after Nicki. Jo bot both of them correct, but 1 day and 1 hour after Max. So Nicki gets a hug, Max gets 10p (unless he really wants a hug) and Jo gets a smile.

 Done ur quiz, Jackiemus. You never gave a final answer, Tom, for your quiz thingy. MAX PAYNE II ON FRIDAY!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

 Soz bout me blogging again but i thought i'd test you lot by giving you a bunch of riddles to do! (you dont have to do them) You can either answer on ere or email them to me! NUMBER A BLANK PIECE OF PAPER FROM 1-10 AND WRITE DOWN YOUR ANSWERS... THE CORRECT ANSWERS ARE AT THE END BUT DON'T PEEK UNTIL YOU FINISH!!! 1. How many birthdays does the average man have? 2. How many animals of each gender did Moses take on the ark? 3. What is 60 divided by 1/2? 4. If there were five apples and you took away 3 of them, how many would you have? 5. What tresure chest has no key, and inside is a golden surprise? 6. A plane crashed on the border line of the US and Mexico. In which country would you bury the survivors? 7. What can be measured, but has no length, width, or thickness? 8. A doctor and a boy were fishing. The boy was the doctor's son, but the doctor was not the boy's father. Who was the doctor? 9. What word can you pronouce faster by adding a syllable to it? 10. Why do you always find stuff in the last place you look? 11. Which two letters of the alphabet are nothing? 12. A farmer had 38 chickens. All but 9 died. How many lived? 13. What word allows you to take away two letters and get one? 14. What has cities with no houses, rivers without water, and forests without trees? 15. What qustion can you never answer "yes" to? What question can you never answer "no" to?

 Well Today I was approached by a neighbor ova the road asking whether I could babysit on a Monday night her two kids from bout 8ish till 10ish for a fiver as she goes to a keepfit class, now of course I said yes as it means I get a fiver for doing nothing as both kids will be in bed! Yay. I can watch T.V, do my homework or ne thing really! So it means I wont be on Msn much on a Monday any more cause I wont have time! Also I will find out on Wednesday whether I will have a job, hopefully I will cause I need some money! I am also enjoying Karate at the moment as its really good, although it does leaves you with aching legs for a couple of days after cause they make you do stretching for like 10 mins and it really hurts! But now I can touch my toes and before I went I couldn't touch them, so at least I have learnt something. I will also be starting my first Kata, this is the moves I need to pass for yellow belt, which I will be taking in something like 3 months! Yay Trampolining is also going well, I am starting to learn how to do a backwards somersault as I can now do a front somersault and a front piked somersault! My sister was home again this weekend from Uni, although she didn't spend much of it actually at home, she was out with her mates for most of the time! I think she spent apporx 3 hours actually at home not including sleeping! LOL unfortunately she has to leave at like 3 on a Sunday cause it takes like 5 or 6 hours to get back, this time she was getting driven back so she didn't have to get a number of trains and buses! I am looking forward to the sponsored walk, i don't know why as I'm gonna be knackered afterwards as I'm actually walking the thing instead of helping out! Oh yea does anyone want to sponsor me? You don't have to cause i already got a few but you can if you want to. HEHE

 I am been in the store room today so far putting, sorting, getting, moving xmas stock around. We close at 4 today but we won't leave until 5ish. Grrr. My sister is coming back from uni on Thursday and leaves on Sunday to see me. I'm on a geology trip. Grrr. But I am going to her uni on Wednesday and coming back on Thursday. Tom blog. Max blog. Please.

 I was working 8.30AM and left at 3.30PM. Tomorrow I am working 10.00AM til the shop closes but even then I will be there until about 5 putting new releases out and changing lightboxes. Which I did last week and omg I nearly fell off the ladder. Eeek!

 ooh and I got to use the till today! Nicki, I came into WOolworths to look for you today about 5ish, where were ya??!

 Ickle Nancy is a blue-belt at karate, it's so sweet. She can beat Louise up nowadays, even though she's still a lot smaller than Lou. Ha ha ha is all I can say.

 I feel good thanx! EVERYBODY! Woohooo Karate rocks! And i will find out if i have a job on Wednesday i think YAY Fingers crossed

 I feel crap :(

 We have no central heating :(

 I'm liking your input. Sooooooo today was ok. Tomorrow I am drawing naked folk all day. Won't that be fun. Tom is back, yipeeeeeeeeeeee! I have my 2 German hats so yipeeeeeee.

 I woke up. I went to bed.

 I ate some cheese The cheese disagreed with me The cheese came back up Cheese is not good! Monkeys eat cheese but only on sundays! I have a Secon intereveiw at WHSmiths so yay, i mite be getting a job! yayyyyy

 Now did ya'll find that boring?

 (These are me trying to do the dullest blogs possible) Earlier today I was sittiing on a chair. I stood up but felt a little dizzy. I sat down. I stood up again and put on my bag. I took a step forward onto my right foot. I stopped and picked up my jacket. I carried on walking. I went outside. It felt chilly. I took off my bag. I put on my jacket. I was warmer. I carried on walking.

 I never got as far as making the hot chocolate. I fell asleep on my bed.

 That's niice Nicki, is it related to something you've been doing in English, or just some random burst of spontinuity?? I am sitting here at the computer typing. I read Nicki's blog about hot chocola te. I suddenly get the urge to make some hotchocolate. I rise from my chair. I go to make some hot chocolate

 I am sitting at the computer typing. I take a few moments to look around the monitor. There is a floppy disk under a speaker. I put up the floppy disk. I put teh floppy disk away with the others. It looks a lot tidier. I carry on typing.

 okay....!

 I wanted to make a drink. I went into the kitchen and I picked up a mug. I put four heaped spoons of hot chocolate powder into the mug. I filled the kettle with water. I put some milk into my mug. I stirred the milk in with the powder until it was a chocolate goo. I waited for the water to boil. I poured the water into the mug. I stirred it up. I took a sip. It burnt my lip. I waited for it to cool. When it was cool I drunk some more. It was nice.

 I cant be bothered to do dat! lol Im just tooooo lazy! hehe

 Nicki was the first to win, so she gets to choose a hug/10 pence/take me out to dinner. Jo got it second, so she gets the runners up prize, a smile. :) Name the object srounded in white. What is curently on the white/black dot? It's an old photograph, so the buildings around it have changed. Do not post your ideas on El-Bloggo! Send them to me via e-mail to my normal address. You can now edit and change dates and times on El-Bloggo, plus you might give others ideas! Not sure how easy/hard you'll find those. If you get both of them you win a massive hug/20 pence/take me out to dinner. If you get one of them correct you win a medium sized hug/15 pence/take me out to dinner. If you get close on both/either of them you get a normal hug/10 pence/take me out to dinner. If you have no idea then you get a look of disapointment/-10 pence (you give me money)/take me out to lunch (not quite as good as dinner). Good luck! I get back Thursday late afternoon. Bye bye.

 WEll dun TOM!!!!!! Its not the cinema complex its the CHEESE BUILDING!!!!

 That was quite an easy one, I'll done another later - got to pack my bag first! My D in History GCSE has been remarked and is now a C! Yay!

 Yeah it is the cinema complex. You can make out the bit next to it with all thee sofa shops, then B&Q and IKEA next to that. Nice one Tom, can you do another one????

 its the cheese building! Cheese foreva! rock on cheese

 After a longer look I'd say its the cinema.

 Oooo! Its the cinema complex at valley park or its ikea!

 I can't sleep, so I've made a little game, it's called guess the building. I've highlighted a building with a white box. First person to guess what it is wins one of the following (you choose) a hug/10 pence/take me out to dinner. Good luck!

 "I'm proud to be an American " HAte to break it too you Nicki, but you're not American.

 If tomorrow all the things were gone I'd worked for all my life, And I had to start again with just my children and my wife, I'd thank my lucky stars to be living here today, 'Cause the flag still stands for freedom and they can't take that away. I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free, And I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me, And I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today, 'Cause there ain't no doubt I love this land God Bless the U.S.A. From the lakes of Minnesota to the hills of Tennessee, Across the plains of Texas from sea to shining sea. From Detroit down to Houston and New York to L.A., There's pride in every American heart and it's time we stand and say: I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free, And I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me, And I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today, 'Cause there ain't no doubt I love this land God Bless the U.S.A.

 Dats a nice picture! Lovely! How come no one is blogging? It seems to be only me! Well my first karate lesson was wicked! Now i cant wait till next week! YAY And go eat some CHEESE

 The view out of my window when I went to Edinburgh.

 Brrrr, me cold! Nicki get ur big butt back here so we can say ello! hehe Erm I HATE DOING PRESENTATIONS!!!! CHEESE

 Hmmmmmmmmmm. We have a coke machine, then nothing but a humoungous safeways and the rest of Oxted. Hey ho. Anyway. I attended one lesson today (1st lesson), then spent the rest of the day blowing up balloons and decorating a club, which I am going back to about 7pm tonight, but this time is fancy dress. The woman behind the bar is a lesbian and wants to get us all drunk. So should be fun. Byeeeeeee guys.

 Is there somthing you arn't telling us, Jackie? I bet the bloody food machine in the 6th form block doesn't work either. Well its now lesson three and i'm in the LRC. Two free lessons today! But double business in the same room, with the same teacher P4+5.

 my knob?

 Whose knob do I have to suck to get some chocolate around here???????? THERE IS NO BLOODY FOOD IN THIS HOUSE!!!!!!!! *hides in corner*

 me bk went well report more soon

 Day 3 Still ill. and miserable. with a sore throat. DAmmint. YEs Jackie, bananas sounds good. Apparently last year at Freshers' the theme was 'hollywood', but somebody randomly turned up as a pineapple. He he I saw 'Down with Love' on Sunday night with Paul. CAn't say I followed what it was about, I didn't really see all that much of it..........

 Wear a banana costume, and say "I'm a fruit, guess which one?"

 Me scared me getting ready fo rinterveiw! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh what do i wear what do i say! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh CHEESE

 Tom and I had hours of fun yesterday in Croydon. KENDAL MINT CAKE! Wooooooo! We saw 'Down With Love'. I love that film, its the best I've seen in a while, refreshing to have such a different type of film. GO SEE IT!

 I SERIOUSLY WANNA BEAT SIMON UP! He is such a fucking knob, he is gonna make me and lura get shit marks in a P.E presentation all cause he couldnt be bothered to help us.

 Yay! INSET day! Woohoo!

 erm yay! Pam? woohoo! I have my WHSmith Interview on WEdnesday! I'm kinda nervous! Tmor i cant leave early as i got finish some work for a presentation i have to do for P.E, i'm doing it with Simon and Laura so we gotta all be there! plus we have to finsh it cause we aint at school on Tuesday. Hopefully on Tuesday i will be geting my Work experince sorted out for Health and Social care, hope i do cause that way i dont have to keep fretting bout it! Erm i havent even sent of for my NUS card yet but i should be doing that tmor! And the same for the connexions card! I think dat is stupid, we should have it by now! Today i have been to my Grandparents, it was a bit boring, but never mind. We played cards most of the time! hehe. I really want a job! lol

 Sounds like everybody is having their ups and downs at the moment. My ups: urlLink My new website is finally finished! Nicola.J is talking to me again. In a nice way. Paintballing on the 11th!! I leave school tomorrow at 1:30! Yay! My downs: Paintballing is gonna take up all my money, and I need money for other things. (PBallin' comes first though). I have backache. My Connexions card hasn't come yet. (I want those 15 woth of Amazon.co.uk vouchers!!)

 Well first: I hate my bum but I am begining to like the rest of me. LOL. Today I was supposed to work from 9.30 til 4.15. I didn't leave until 5.30!!! That is good because I get paid overtime and its extra because its a Sunday. Btw Jackie, Pam was asking Lora about you. My day was fine. Right now I am not impressed as I am cold, I burnt my pizza again and I have just been attacked by a huge spider and now I am kinda depressed at James, Jon and Leon because I don't liek people hating me or hating me for no reason. Argh.

 Hello hello hello hello. I'm here. Friday I was doing loads of work. SAturday morning I had an interview for a new job (which I probably won't get) and then I went to work. WEnt home, packed my bags, went to Hollie's house, we all got merry, all crashed on her 'playroom' floor, woke up about 10am, came home, got dressed, sitting here freezing my butt off. I hate my bum.

 i love my bum

 You Know I Love You Nicola.J...

 James, Jon and Leon are those 'freinds'. I don't even know why, they are being silly. I haven't done or said anything to annoy them and thats the truth, I have torn it all apart trying to see what I did which has made them hate me but I haven't done anything. Whatever the problem is its theirs and I can't be bothered with them anymore if they are going to be silly. As I said, I am not that upset with it because I have you guys and you are what is important. Tom, glad its all working out for you! Yay! Max, Jo - BLOG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL.

 School is much better now. I've switched from doing AS Business & Economics to AVCE Business Studies. The main difference is the AS concenrates on the whys of thing, why does the economy work like it does, how does demand and supply work and things that happen right around the world. The AVCE is much more how a business works (as opose to how the world works), so it includes human resources, marketing and general business stuff - something which I'm finding much easier and will probably be more use to me in the long run. Unfortunatly I've had to drop Geography because of that (blocks don't fit) which is a shame - but you can't have it all can you! My NUS card arrived yesterday, and my Driving Licence arrived today! Yay! Hehe.

 what friends u lost?

 What survey? Well I am pissed off with the Sixth Form only because that the party they have organised for us is located at a club/bar we aren't even allowed in so that is gay and pointless. Other than that I am still enjoying Sixth Form. I thinks its fab. Over the past week I have lost 3, what I thought were close, friends but I am not too bothered as I have gained loads more and I still of course have you fabulas guys! Oh THAT survey.

 Grrrrr, thats stupid innit, we can pretend we are 18 and do the survey but then it would be pointless! ERm school woz fun! (never thought you would hear me say that eh!) Had a bit of a water fight and then had fun while doing some P.E homework in the computer room! AND CHEESE!

 What is the point. We can't take that survey cos we're under 18. Utterly pointless. Oh well.

 I'm good, but tired, not had much homework so far so thats good! Erm nice one Tom i like it!!

 Ok so I have had a good week so far, just way too tired to be hyper though. LOL. Seward has banned Neil and I from sitting anywhere near him on the minibus, we've been ordered to sit at the back. Hmph. LOL. Yes look I am home! Wahey! sally brought me some chips after school, so nice. 50p!

 This guy walks into a bar, pulls out a tiny piano, stool, and a tiny little man. The tiny man sits down, and starts to play the piano. This other guy notices it. "Hey, what's that?" "A twelve-inch pianist. You see, I found this magic lamp, rubbed it, made a wish, I got a twelve inch pianist." "Can I try?" The man with the piano agrees and a minute later, a million ducks fill the room. "Ducks? I didn't wish for a million ducks, I wished for a million bucks!" "You think I really wished for a twelve inch pianist?"

 Hey Nicki! I had a fab time in the Lake District, was absolutely wonderful! ONly problem was if you happen to fall out of your canoe (as I did a couple of times) it's blooooody cold. But yeah we had an absolute riot. Lost a canoe on the road, someone left half our food at home, singed a couple of eyebrows................

 me no wishlist, me no speaking correctly me gonna speak rong hehe me tired and hungry me gone me bye

 urlLink My wishlist !! I hear Jo is back - hope you had a great time and have learnt to love Cumbria / Lake District just as much as Tom and I. Jackie - the batik has come out really well, the colours are sooooo nice!!!! Max - paintballing......wooooooooo! Tom - baa. bleep. Ok so I had an argument with James from Cumbria trip last night, I don't know if we are speaking now or not but I'm not as bothered now that my friends have grown with new folk and like the grunger lot. Its not too bad. I have found out that on Saturday - and probably Sunday - I will be working at Woolies from 8.30AM to 5.30PM (or later). Argh!!!!! I will be so tired on Monday.

 I dunno, I think I left them on the seat beside me in the hall coz I wanted to just get out of there in a rush.

 Already lost them? How?

 Rudders = James Rudland New boy in our 6th form. I lost my GCSE certificates.

 Who the bloody hell is Rudders??? Anyhow. Speech day tonight. Yay. I've been shopping in London today, didn't get anything, booo. See y'all soon guys!

 Gossip: Rudders and Charlene are a couple.

 Ah thats better. My computer was playing up last night. Damned internet. Stoopid. Well today has been fun. I went to school, decided it was boring, so came home again. Yay!

 urlLink Cannot find server

 Well i never get invited places likes that ne way so dunn owot ur moaning bout! Grrr my fucking computer is a slag! Mouse has frozen once agen! Croydon today woz fun got myself some shoes! Yea thats a wrap.

 Oh. Right. Okay then. Glad you had a nice evening. I would've been there but of course when tickets were purchased I was forgotten about which I'm still slightly annoyed about but oh well. I'm used to it so never mind. Interesting day at work yesterday. Spent all day on stock room with Dean. Very amusing. He bailed on me for Wednesday though, he forgot he has to work so I only get him for like an hour and you can't see a film in an hour so now I'm gonna see if Rudders wants to come. Did have an idea for Wednesday which I was going to put forward to you Tom but it doesn't matter now seeing as you seem to be in London all the time and I'm sure if my plan work it would turn into another day going anywhere but the place I wanted. Or maybe we'd end up somewhere I didn't have aticket. Oh I don't know. Doesn't matter now. If Rudders doesn't wanna come to cinema then I guess I'll be at home all day. Wahey. Even though I have tonnes of xmas shopping to you. I have to go to work. I really don't want to today, I feel too bad and I think I will ask Pam if I can come home if it isn't too busy and there are enough people working. Got my pay. 160. Less than last time but I lost 30 when I was away for the geology trip. Ah well. What is money? Glad we won. We are the rugby world champions. Yay us. God bless you Johnny.

 One boy, one girl, two hearts, their world Time goes by, secrets rise One more, sad song, tears shed, she's gone She'd take it back, if she only could Woooooooo! All-American Rejects, London Astoria. Yay, that was brilliant. Fantastic place, didn't get squished, great music, nice venue, lovely to see Jo again with her super-cool short hair. They finished with The Last Song, and the stupid things is I joked about that before we went in. A couple of them had Union flag thongs, which was, um, nice? One of the support bands where a bit nutty, especialy the guy on the keyboard, he was bouncing around like a headless chicken. Funny though. Many more people crowd surfing than at Enanesence, but not quite as voilent. One guy got on the stage and started worshiping the second support band. So all in all a very pleasent evening, thanks Jo!

 Mwah, im knoackered worked all day today! MY FEET KILL!

 The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you to the Sixth Level of Hell - The City of Dis! Here is how you matched up against all the levels: Level Score urlLink Purgatory (Repenting Believers) Very Low urlLink Level 1 - Limbo (Virtuous Non-Believers) Low urlLink Level 2 (Lustful) High urlLink Level 3 (Gluttonous) High urlLink Level 4 (Prodigal and Avaricious) Moderate urlLink Level 5 (Wrathful and Gloomy) High urlLink Level 6 - The City of Dis (Heretics) Very High urlLink Level 7 (Violent) High urlLink Level 8- the Malebolge (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers) Moderate urlLink Level 9 - Cocytus (Treacherous) Very High Take the urlLink Dante's Divine Comedy Inferno Test You approach Satan's wretched city where you behold a wide plain surrounded by iron walls. Before you are fields full of distress and torment terrible. Burning tombs are littered about the landscape. Inside these flaming sepulchers suffer the heretics, failing to believe in God and the afterlife, who make themselves audible by doleful sighs. You will join the wicked that lie here, and will be offered no respite. The three infernal Furies stained with blood, with limbs of women and hair of serpents, dwell in this circle of Hell.

 The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you to the Sixth Level of Hell - The City of Dis! Here is how you matched up against all the levels: Level Score urlLink Purgatory (Repenting Believers) Very Low urlLink Level 1 - Limbo (Virtuous Non-Believers) Moderate urlLink Level 2 (Lustful) Low urlLink Level 3 (Gluttonous) Low urlLink Level 4 (Prodigal and Avaricious) Low urlLink Level 5 (Wrathful and Gloomy) High urlLink Level 6 - The City of Dis (Heretics) Very High urlLink Level 7 (Violent) Low urlLink Level 8- the Malebolge (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers) Moderate urlLink Level 9 - Cocytus (Treacherous) Low Take the urlLink Dante's Inferno Hell Test dunno if i dun that last bit right... hopefully did!

 Lucky you Jo, only Limbo. I'm a little devil nearly. A violent little devil. Where you two off to tomorrow? I think some of Jacko's music is ok, even good but as a person he is very very strange. Bush has gone home today. Hope he enjoyed his pub lunch. Media have been attacked in Baghdad. Wopee. The war is upon us again. I'm still feeling ill. Headache and stuffy nose now. I didn't leave school until 3pm which was pretty dumb seeing as we had an early closure and I had fourth free so I could've gone home at 1.30. Oh well. Work at 9am tomorrow. Yay.

 First Level of Hell - Limbo -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Charon ushers you across the river Acheron, and you find yourself upon the brink of grief's abysmal valley. You are in Limbo, a place of sorrow without torment. You encounter a seven-walled castle, and within those walls you find rolling fresh meadows illuminated by the light of reason, whereabout many shades dwell. These are the virtuous pagans, the great philosophers and authors, unbaptised children, and others unfit to enter the kingdom of heaven. You share company with Caesar, Homer, Virgil, Socrates, and Aristotle. There is no punishment here, and the atmosphere is peaceful, yet sad.

 Alll I can say is he's really a sick, sick man. And I hope they hang him. Tom, 5.30pm tomorrow at East Croydon. See you there. Don't wear anything that will get really hot or smelly or ruined.

 urlLink

 The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you to the Seventh Level of Hell! Here is how you matched up against all the levels: Level Score urlLink Purgatory (Repenting Believers) Very Low urlLink Level 1 - Limbo (Virtuous Non-Believers) Low urlLink Level 2 (Lustful) Low urlLink Level 3 (Gluttonous) Moderate urlLink Level 4 (Prodigal and Avaricious) Low urlLink Level 5 (Wrathful and Gloomy) High urlLink Level 6 - The City of Dis (Heretics) Low urlLink Level 7 (Violent) Very High urlLink Level 8- the Malebolge (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers) High urlLink Level 9 - Cocytus (Treacherous) Low Take the urlLink Dante's Inferno Hell Test

 well, im kinda bored.. not too much homework to do which is gud! I'm also trying to drop psychology cause its just crap!

 Well I got up at 10.30 today. I have no sore throat but now I have a stuffy nose, blocked ears and a werid head. I had to go to Croydon to get some fabric which I have been putting off for ages. met up with amy who I haven't seen for four months. We went to The George and I was drinking JD and coke and now I feel a bit funny cos I had a few. Apaprently you can get drunk on JD quickly so, er, I think I am bit tipsy? I wil be back tomorrow, shouldn't be cos I'm still ill but i can't afford anymore days off.

 I sat next to Sandra today in General Studies :p

 I haven't blogged since Sunday, naughty me. Not much to say I supose, other than Micheal Jackson needs to be shot. Several times. Doesn't help that he looks like a pedophile. The man is just disgusting to look at, I just want to throw up. Why have so much done to yourself? Idiot.

 I would love some diet vanilla coke. Not that anyone's every gonna see me!!! But hey.

 I didn't go into school today because I have a very bad cold and it got worse this morning once I got up....at 10.15. Yes, 10.15 I did arise. Thats my first lay in since I started work at Woolies! Today I tried to do some work but my brain wouldn't concentrate and I ended up either sleeping or watching Lord Of the Rings. I didn't go on the comp once! Not until now so i must be ill! LOL. Hoep I didn't miss much, hope ya'll had a better day than I!!!!

 Well, at Woolies we have a canteen and kitchen. But it is filled up with entertainment boxes so, er, yea. I vote for free coke!!! If ever you think of me Jackie, you know I like my coke :p

 Dat is pretty cool, but i get food and drink for free, although it had to be out of date... But as soon as it is one day out of day into the staff room it goes. And ne way out of dat stuff is never "off" ne way so it dont matter! Yay free food and drink! Ne one want me to grab them a diet vanilla coke or vanilla coke tmor?

 Yeah. Go Tom. I can get a can of coke for 30p and a packet of doritos for 23p from the vending machine at work. How cool is that?

 I'm too stupid to eat a Kit-Kat. I'm pissed off, this is PC or what ever gone way to far. On my Kit-Kat that I have just eaten it did not have Kit-Kat written on it, but on one bar break and the other here. My chocolate has ingraved into it instructions on how to eat it. What else I'm I going to bloody well do with it? It's a fucking Kit-Kat, you break it down the middle, that's why it's there, that's why it has that massive line, everybody knows that and if they don't they are too bloody stupid to read! Unfortunatly I can't boycott Nestl otherwise I'll have nothing to eat in the mornings (Shreddies, ummmm). But I'm boycotting Kit-Kat, along with McDonalds, Burger King and the Heathrow Express.

 Hey, I've just done a 4 hour shift- 10.30 till 2.30. I am knackered. My back doesn't ache today. Hey ho.

 Hey, I've just done an 8 hour shift- 10 till 6. I am knackered. My back aches too. Hey ho,

 Well, My week is boring, i am boring, but karate woz good. Cheese is not nice anymore. I'm working 9.30 till 1.30 tmor, hopefully i will get some overtime soon that way lotsa money for christmas and going out!

 Yeah. Go Nicki. I am working 10 till 6 tomorrow, and 10.30 to 2.30 on Sunday. Whoppee. But at least I get 83, and it still leaves me with time to do work. Yeah, That's the life. Not much else really, apart from when I was doing duties yeterday there was about 200 kids swarming, it was blatanlty obvious that something was happening, but what did we do? nothing. We decided it looked too scary and they were taller than us, so we just watched. Then teachers of all shapes and sizes started running after them, shouting and yelling at them and each other. It later aspired that there was some kinda major fight and then two other serious isolated incidents, and we did nothing. Makes me feel quite guilty really. Hey ho, life goes on.

 Come on folks. Lets hear about you and your week or your day. My week has been strange. Very stressful, very tiring. Had to work again last night, shut myself in a cage by accident while taking cages out to lorry. Erm...what else?? Textiles is going good. Geology still sucks but Seward is helping me a bit more now. I had a chat with him and at least we know where the other one stands. Scottie-doo is talking to me again even though I still don't know why he wasn't in the first place. But hey, hes back at least. Erm...what else. Yea Jackie brought me some mice earlier from Woolies. I ate them. I have to work tomorrow 8.30 - 6.00. Great. Oh well. I get to see Dean haven't seen him in a while.

 Mmmmm Jammy Dodgers!

 Whats tomorrow? Wednesday? Ah, middle of the week. T'riffic. Um, nothing a lot to say. Except Andy needs to be shot for putting Jammy Dodgers into my suede coat pocket. Grrr.

 im bored, and im bored oh no im not simpsons is on now! Yippee! well im off...

 awwww nicki, I'm sending you another virtual hug cos you sound like you are in great need --------> *HUG*. Note this is bigger than the last. Havenm't got much else to say really. Bye!

 I spoke to Carvell today. She is going to leave Seward a note and she said she'll sit in on a lesson next week. I'm not sure entirely why, maybe to see how I am in lessons or how Seward reacts to me asking for help? I'm not sure. I just hope it will work. Actually thinking about it now I hope I haven't got Seward into trouble. Shit. I've just messed everything up now haven't I? Omgomgomgomg. Why can't everything be simple??? Ok I better go now and sort my head out cos its just got incredibly full of random confused thoughts again like Friday.

 I love catalogs!

 Oh my gosh I love that shop! It tends to have mostly a load of crap in but its still cheap!! Helen and I do our summer shopping there. Whenever we are off on a school trip we always go shopping in Bromely. You can get a bus there but its like a hour's journey. Worth it though.

 Ok Nicki. I don't know fi I'm coming back on tonight cos I've been out all day today, and I have a little bit of work to do tonight. Fortuantely I don't have alot to do, otherwise I would be stuffed. I have till training at 5pm tomorrow, I hope it all goes ok and I don't end up looking too stupid! Anyway. I got my lovelly fleece and my name badge yesterday, I haven't got my trousers and my shirts yet, so at the moment I have to wear my own black trousers, a whiote shirt, and keep my jacket done up, lol. Fair enough. Anyway, I really should go and do some work now because I should. Otherwise I'll feel vyer bad. My bargain buy for the day was 3 paris of tights from Primark in Bromely- red, blue and turqoise- 1 each. To go with my bargain boots and my bargian skirt. Wahey. I'm strange. Whatever. See y'all later guys. Bye

 Thanks Jo. Don't wanna go into it on here, I'll tell you on msn or something. Yay Jackie and your job! Who went bowling? Work yesterday was pants. I was cold. I was bored. I kept pressing the wrong buttons on the till and now I have only 3 days next week to do homework in as Monday and Thursday I have to work. Wahey.

 Well my first day of proper work woz brill! Bowling woz crap!

 What did you do friday lunch time nicki? You don't sound like a happy bunny, so have a virtual hug here ------> *hug* Hope that helps a little bit. Had my induction at Safeways this morning. Was a bit boring. Just about what to do in fires, theft, that kinda crap. Anywho, things to do, chocolate to eat.

 Well the art trip is to Barcelona for a week. I think its the begining or March. My summer will consist of me working at Woolies if I still have a job. No park, no bowling. Just work. Pah. That blog about me feeling happier - lies! All lies! I need to speak to Madame Carvell on monday, Pennie has ordered me to. She said that I really need to go tell someone. I guess it makes sense. I don't want to spend every lunch time like I did on Friday. :(

 Grr, i'm dong nothing in the summer either. I'm going bowling tomorrow, should be a laugh :)

 im doing nothing in the summer! :( Karate sucks, my legs fucking kill me now! Grrrr Cheese iscool Nicki's Matrix coat will suit her once she buys it

 Cool. I'm going on holiday with my friends in the summer, Barcelona for a week. Sholud be good.

 For the first time a while I am generally happy. Saw revolutions last night - wohoo!!!!! So impressed must go see again at some point. Thinking of doing the IMAX for my birthday but not sure at the moment. What do you think? After the film (you'll all be proud of me for this! I am!!!) I went into the leather shop and asked them about the Matrix Reloaded jacket they have in the window. He let me try it on! Woooooooooooo! And it suited me! Honest it did! I WILL be saving up for it. Trust me. I'm going to Spain on the art trip. Wahoo!

 www.maxpayne.co.uk is mine. I am now officially the 'Center Of The British Max Payne Community'. I love the web. Now the problem is, whether to ditch absolutemaxpayne.co.uk...

 BOO! I'm scared bout working on Saturday

 James has my scarf. Correct. Danke. I'm tired. I am seeing Keanu with Jackie tomorrow. Wooo!

 Girls: Abigail, Anna, Neisha, Alicia, Amelie Boys: Malachy, Ralph

 James does. My future childrens names are going to be: Girls: Archana, Sandra, Eolandie Boys: Raphael, Vinnie Not much to say except I hope I finish that ICT by 4th lesson tomorrow or im going to be in deeeeep sh......

 not me either!

 Not me. Sorry.

 I am annoyed at myself. I feel like shit when I am not in school and I still feel like shit in school but when I around everyone I automatically appear happy even though I'm not. Its annoying mebecause I can't stop it! And maybe I want to be miserable for a couple days. Then maybe someone will realise something is wrong and will try and help even if its only a hug. Who has my scarf?

 TRUE

 Yeah that's very true. Good point. With my politics lessons we watched this thing called "Mark Thomas: Debt Collector" and what I heard was appauling. Loads of big corporations like HSBC and other ones that lent money to Saddam's regime and sold him weapons worth millions, now he's gone they're demanding their money back. Iraq's debt is something like 30 billion and is going up all the time due to interest. HSBC are demaning something like 200 million back from Iraq, which puts like a 12,000 debt on the head of every Iraqi- money they simply don't have and can't get. I thought that was really rude an absolutely ridiculous, but this program was really eye-opening. Anyway, enough of that, but I am finding politics really interesting now I actually understand about it! Shut up Jo. Go do something useful.

 There is something else I would like to bitch about. Attitudes to war. People are still slagging off Iraq and our involvment as well as Americas. I can see why people are so against it but I wish people would just give it up and give their soliders the support they deserve. I sat here and listened to someone go on and on about the mess we've made well we haven't! We've taken away the rules and are trying to put in place new ones will are more beneficial to the country. GAH.

 ROCK ON! YEA

 I agree with Jackie again. Except that I don't drink alcohol mainly because the stuff I do drink is never at the parties we go to. I am what some of my sisters uni mates call a 'mature drinker' because I drink stuff like JD and Coke or champagne. I don't like the cheaper alcopops and things. I can see why Jackie drinks and I think teh way she drinks is fine. She has a few but never enough to make her tipsy or anything more. I don't have a problem with people like that I just don't like folk getting drunk because its just plain stupid. Back to the example of Andy - missed his own party. Jenny at his party, threw up everywhere and probably felt like shit the next day liek most who got pissed. Its dumb. You can't remember it so whats the point in even going? Our leavers ball - it was mainly the popular or tarty lot that were drunk, they can't remember half of it. Our lot: no alcohol, just high on the buzz of the evening and we can remember every precious moment. Glad Dave's party was good. I spent the evening doing bloody homework because I was given way to much to do. I mean its half term for goodness sake, its a holiday. We should be relaxing, getting our systems back to their full potential not running them down further by working. Its not even as if I actually went away on holiday. I spent a few days on the geology trip which was doing geology work so that is fair enough, then two days with my sister at her uni who I haven't seen since she went which again is fair enough. I think family comes before college. I wouldn't be suprised if I told the teachers 'I haven't had time to do the work because I was in hospital after being a car accident' and even if it was true they would still yell at me. I am sick of life right now. I mean is it really worth all this? All this stress over a few pieces of work, the stress of earning enough money, the stress of knowing what you want to do in life and who you want to be with. Its too much and soon its gonna get me. As Spike says: From Beneath You It Devours

 Nicki - I wasn't having a go, anyway if you want me to, I will, so here goes.... MAX PAYNE 2 IS THE BEST GAME EVAR!!! There aint really much to say except its bloody brilliant. Yup, and Dave.D's party was kewl, Andy kept chucking stuff up this girl's skirt and Rob was dancing quite happily with this pissed girl. At the end of the party, Lee phoned his house to ask if his parents could pick him up. Okay, so when his parents didnt turn up half an hour later, we dropped him back home. He lived literally 30 seconds walk from Dave's house. *Hits head hard on table*.

 Yes i happily drink alcohol, but i have never drunk more than 3 bottles in one night, i have never got drunk and if there is no alcohol then i dont give a flying fuck. And from knowing my sister and her friends and half of the school most peeps are not like me, ask most peeps and there idea of a good night is going out and getting drunk so that they dont remeber a thing that happened! For me thats just sad? Why bother going out at all if your not gonna remebr ne of it? I'd rather go out and have no alcohol and be with my mates all night long! Just think Andy missed his own party cause he went over the top with alcohol. Alcohol is just another thing for the government to make money on. In fact i dont even like the taste of most alcohol the only reason ireally drink it is to fit in, if i go to a party and everyone is drink ing then i will do it or peeps say- "omg your sad, how can you not drink? your 16 not 6" I find dat quite annoying so i drink. I'm just glad im sensible not to drink to much to end up throwing all over the place! And just to let you know I'm feeling kinda stressed so if that sounds rude... Then it IS!

 Hey guys. I#m back from the wilderness. I'm alive. I feel a bit cold, but other than that i'm fine. Dunno when I start on my new job in Safeways yet, but I'm looking foward to it. Sad, aren't I? Anyway, Just got a whopping fat history essay to do today, ippee. I haven#'t seen PAul in over a week, boohoo. Can't see him today- too much work to do. Might be stating work tomorrow, but who knows? Life's to damned complicated. Tell all abotu DAve's party. I take it this is Dave Dodson??

 I agree with Jackie about the alcohol. You see what kinda of trouble sixteen year olds do get into and then eighteen year olds. Its pretty outrageous. And TOm I don't think Jackie is being hypocritical because yes she does drink quite happily at parties but she doesn't go out of her way to get drunk like Pennie and Helen. Jackie is one of these people where if there is alcohol she will have some, not loads, some. If there isn't then fine. It doesn't matter. I think? Jackie? Max - you never told me that. You haven't exactly blogged all aboutit like you usually do going on and on about the graphics etc.. You know how everyone seems to have 2 lines. One line is simple to get to, it can be crossed by something hurtful or by general stress. The second line is harder and when you get to it thats when you seriously start to think about things, life, people. Is it really worth it? I'm nearing that second line rapidly. I can't handle the amount of work I have. I don't have the time. I can't work any harder than I am now.

 Harass Max. He hasn't said a word yet about Max Payne 2. Jesus, where have you been? I beat the game on the day I got it. I'm off to bed, its quite late. Cigarettes are just like any other smoked drug, just legalised by the government so they make loadsa money.

 That is rather hypocritical Jackie, considering you quite happily drink at parties.

 erm No im not, 18 yr olds are irrisponsible with Alcohol so wot bout 16 yr olds! It's stupid, cigarettes should be banned. AND I FEEL LIKE FUCKING SWEARING CAUSE I FEAL FUCKING STRESSED! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. poo

 When you are 16, in the United Kingdom, you can... Buy and smoke cigarettes Have sex Enter in the National Lottery (gambling) Leave school Have a job But you can't buy alcohol! The system needs to be changed, who's with me?

 Boo Hoo, im annoyed some stupid habbo nicked my winnings in a game of revenge by pretending to be me by having the name crispyy! Grrrrrr, what a cock. Ne way i hav loadsa work to do, and on Monday i got till training! yay

 Well I had a very sleepless night last night. I didn't go to Dave's party because I had way too much work to do so yesterday afternoon / evening I sat upstairs and did my art and as much of my textiles as I can (bearing in mind the machine I borrowed from school broke, helpful). I think I had like a 40 minute break when I was the phone to Jackie and that was it. Okay so maybe 40 minutes is an exageration. I don't know. However, I didn't sleep well because I was stressing out way too much. I need these final pieces done but I can't do them. I still have all my English Lit to do and I can't do it because I don't have the time. This is way too much and if I am not careful I will probably have one of those anexity attacks or just generally freak out.

 Yes the film starts at 12.15. I said on the email see you in the screen rather than everyone meeting before cos they could be quite a few of us. The air marshalls would be disguised as normal passengers. The ones in Amnerica are on all flights in the US. If there were 6 terrosists as you say then ok so maybe it wouldn't work but at least those on the plane would have a better chance to live rather than dieing without a fight. Like those on teh plane that was headed for the whitehouse, it crashed before then because of the passengers taking over. They died yes, but they still gave themselves a small chance. I can see what you mean as well about them coming over from the Muslim countries but the amount of terrosists we have in our country right now is amazing. So many have been caught etc.. I don't know if it would work but I think its worth a try. Air marshalls to be on suspected flights or random flights. You never know, they may just be there to help one day.

 Erm! LOL Nice thought there Jo, Me too, id be shooting people left right and centre! Today i played simpsons monopoly with Darren, it woz quite a hoot except i lost. And eveytime i cheated it was worse than if i hadnt of cheated?! If ya get me! Guns Guns Guns Guns....

 Jo's conclusion for the day: I had a flash-thought: I would be quite dangerous with a gun.

 I believe that the air marshals are going to be disguised as ordinary civillians. Which then suggests that actually, they aren't going to be on many flights. very good point Jackie. The only time someone has tried to hijack a plane on their own was when that AFrican bloke who was criminally insane tried to take over. But he really was mentally ill I think. If terrorists were going to hijack a plane and do something really evil and horrible, then I would presume there would be a few people, like a team of them. That's what they did on 9/11, I think. I can't come to the cinema tomorrow, I have to be at work for 2pm. Sorry guys! How typical is this- (you know on american web pages where they put the top-5 searches? This is one of them, and not off a dodgy site either, the netscape news site!): Top Men's Searches Wet T-Shirts Beach Trips Micro Bikini Viagra Adult Toys

 Guns on airplanes to me sounds like a stupid idea! If that person needed the money someone cud buy them and get them to give them the gun on a flight! Not only that but if there are like 6 terrorists on the plane they can easily take the plane, the air marshals wud be shot and killed possibly with their own guns! Are these air marshals gonna be wearing uniforms? Or are they just gonna look like normal passingers? Nicki you saying about maybe only on transatlantic flights? Whats that gonna do? the terrorists will be more likely to pick on local flights as they did on the 9/11 attack. Most of the planes brought down were local ones! No onto more pressing matters... The cinema tmor? You sed meet at 12.15? The film actually starts then though!

 Hmmm. Well I'm still standing by my comments of yesterday, I just wanted to add a few things in response to people's comments. Although I agree to some extent with what Max said, there was still a fair amount of child abuse going on, it just wasn't 'done' to publicise it. For example Myra Hindley, the Moors Murders, the West murders, the kid who was abused and then hung from a tree in Reigate..... there were numerous notorious child abusers/murders. I think it can't have been so easy to get guns 20 or 30 years ago, I think a lot of the guns nowadays are imported cheaply and illegally from America. Hence tighter import checks and better security, and higher penalties for being caught. I don't like the idea of air marshals. Ok, perhaps it may stop loonies from trying to hijack a flight, but why sholud they get them just on trans-atlantic flights? I would have thought that there would be a much higher risk coming from flights from the middle east to Britain and from the middle east to the USA. Without being rascist (although it's going to sound it), most of the terrorists are 'freedom fighters' etc from Muslim and Arab countries. I understand that you can't put air marshals on their flights because they are Arab airlines (not British and American ones), but I really do not think it is anything to do with flights from Britain. What I want to know is, who is paying for these air marshals- us, the British tax-payers; or the Americans, who are the ones who are so up-tight about it anyway? I woudl lay my money on it being us who has to fork out for it. But there we go again, me getting back to how Blair has become Bush's lap-dog. Absolutley disgusting that one man can just do what he wants at will with a country. My final moan for the day on the point of guns. It's not directly related, but I think it needs to be said. I personally believe that capital punishment should be brought back. People like Ian Huntley do not deserve to live. Ok, God said "Thou shalt not kill", but surely that works both ways- we shouldn't kill him, but he sholudn't have killed in the first place? But look back to the old testament- "An eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth"- surely this suggests that he should get what's coming to him? More and more British citizens are being imprisoned, and half the time they aren't even British citizens! This pushes up the price of keeping prisoners all the time, and like all the other good things in life, the money spent on the prisons by the good old British governemtn has to come from the tax payers. It would be a darn site cheaper to execute them. No mess, no hassle, no money, no protests about them being allowed to go on hunger strike, not giving them the safety of being locked up so they can't be mobbed for their heinous crimes, not giving them the chance to take their own lives and become 'martyrs' for other criminals of their types. Numerous states in America still use capital punishment, so why can't we? I believe that would be the answer. We should become a more agressive state in our policing policies- more police, more security for them, more severe punishment. Not just 'life sentences' that turn into 10 years behind bars because the culprit has 'reformed' or is let out on 'good behaviour'. If they're sick enough to commit a crime in the first place, then that violent/sadistic/homicidal/perverted/abusive tendancy is always going to be there. Think that's all i wanted to have a moan about.

 I like the points everyone has made. Especially Jo's. Remember thsi can be discussed all week so we can keep this going. And make it to the blogs of note one day :) hehe. Guns. Well. I look at America where it is so easy to get a gun. Open a bank account, get a free gun! That is outrageous. It gives the police there no authority at all. I think here our poilce force should be allowed guns. Not big guns, handguns maybe, some sort of gun. Or at least get officers out and about where they can be seen with guns so not everyone can carry then. I think knowing the police have guns would make people think twice about it so I agree with what Jo said. Even though I dislike the French... I agree with you Jackie about there always being crime but hopefully the presense of guns would decrease general crime or at least put a stop to these shootings. Yes the highest trained gunman could miss but then think of the damage someone who isn't trained could do. I'd rather know there was someone at least slightly trained with a gun than someone who knows little. How about these air marshalls? Guns on planes? I think that we should have them on transatlanic flights, they aremost likely to be hijacked and as American have proved it has worked so far. I understand the worries about guns and the pressure of teh cabin but I think someone said on sky news they woudl take that into consideration and modify the planes or something. Someone else has created bullets which are made specially not to cause damage to the area. One shatters on impact and things like that. I think they are a good idea as I know what its like to be sitting there on a 9 hour flight and wondering what could happen.

 Let a load of people (like the Krays) out on the streets (with guns). When they were around, there was a lot less child abuse and the like. Why? Because the child abusers/killers were frightened because they would be found by em and get killed. Ian Huntley would have been dead long ago.

 Guns- Death Thats basically my veiw, guns shouldnt be allowed ne where, surely there must be a better way of patrolling the streets, even if the highest trained professional gun shooted could mis aim and therefor fatally injure someone. I beleive that things like stun guns should be made standard issue for policce officers as they are far less dangerous. But there again jo has made a good point, crimals wont be so inclined to perform illegal acts if they see police carrying guns. But if you think about it there will always be crime, whether it be viscious or not. There is nothng we can do to stop it. In my view prevention is better than stopping it mid way.

 No I don't think we should be allowed to carry guns. Bad news. Knives are illegal, and I presume so are guns? I deinetly don't think we shoudl be allowed them, because there is such a fine line between 'self defence' and 'attack' that it woudl be so hard to tell the difference, and there would just be unlawful killings happening left, right and centre. Can you imagine what croydon would be like with guns? http://www.defense.gouv.fr/gendarmerie/ However, I do believe that we should have two branches of the police, as france do. They have the 'Gendarmerie' and 'Police'. The police are like the local units who just work in the rural areas, minor offences in rural areas, blah blah, i think. Then the Gendarmerie are the more military-style ones '[I think they actually refer to themselves as being a branch of the French Army, see urlLink the official website (If not just for the pictures!) ) ], who patrol urban areas and cities. This reduces the crime rate in cities, and France have a very low gun-crime rate, I believe. I believe that this is due to the scary image of the Gendarmerie- they have bold blue uniforms (shirts, trousers and jackets, all of same colour), knee length leather boots, black caps, and they all carry guns , in highly visible places. Yet the french never have any 'incidents' of accidental shooting of police officers and innocent civillians. In addition, in the big towns like Paris, they have gendermerie armed with sub-machine guns. Now that is a scary site, but crime rates? What crime??! I believe our policing system should be changed to allowed armed officers in the centres of towns and high-risk districts, not to protect themselves and other citizens, but to deter and prevent gun-crime altogether. Say you were about to commit and violent mugging on a women, say you were going to knife her to ger her handbag, money and phone, you would perhaps consider it if you see two lone policemen walking down the street, say 500m away, not near enough to catch you. But what if those same two policemen each had a gun holster containing standard-issue pistols? I wouldn't even dream of it, and I don't think any criminal would either. I rest my case.

 Title bar is now gone. I've also brought a new coat. Its a bit matrix like.... lol. Lots of work to do now. Seeing family tomorrow who have come over from America so that'll be fun. Cinema on Wednesday, 12.15, Grants, Peter Pan. Come if you wish, bring who you want. Question / topic to discuss this week: Guns. A policeman was killed a few days ago from a shooting. Should we be allowed to carry guns? America have a death rate of over 11,000 people a year being killed by guns. Your views?

 I dont like it much, tis annoying, it should underline it or sumit

 Well. Today I went shoppign and bought quite a few things. Except I have to go back again tomorrow cos the jacket i bought has a grfaet big stain on it that i didn't notice in the shop. Grrrrrr. How annoying. Does anyone every look at those 'blogs of notes' on the blogger home page? Some of them are very interesting. 'Belle du jour' is a particularly, um, intersting one.....gives you a whoile new insite into people's lives........ Something else that I was going to say but OI've forgotten. So I'll go back to writing thank;you letters. Wahey.

 Ok so the title bar only appears when you are blogging but I guess that may help if you are scanning pats posts? I've been wokring since Friday. Yesterday luckily it wasn't busy at all and didn't have to open the front till too much. I got to put out the pic'a'mix yesterday with Charlene and Lora which was hilariously funny. You have no idea how much fun it is. LOL. Today I'm on entertainment all day as Caroline is off on holiday. Should be ok. Tomorrow I have to run into Croydon to get fabric for textiles and then I have to leave because mother is getting my Birthday things. Yayness. Wednesday I'm going to see Peter Pan with Ritchie. I will do something for my birthday with everyone but prob once we are back at college on an evening I know everyone is free. Took a trip last night up to the infamous addington estate. That is not an area you want to park the car in trust me...keep it moving. LOL. Dad was showing me some of the houses there. One of the houses is decorated with lights and whatnot. But tha front is covered, the back is covered, the side is covered and the roof is covered. And its soooo tacky!!! Have fun today!

 Well, christmas was gud! AIR HOCKEY RULES (i got an air hockey table) And work today woz busy, lots of refunds.. I dont like then >:(

 Slight change to the blog. Now you have a title bar to title your post! Makes it a bit more...interesting?

 Well I agree with 'bah humbug'. Scroog was right. Christmas sucks. Bleurgh. Had to work today. Not that busy. Bit pointless being there. May as well have stayed home and did some more textiles. Gah.

 Bah Humbug. Only joking :D

 MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR! i havent opened my pressies yet! >:(

 Groovy. Start on Monday, I'll post first topic just to start us off. Merry Christmas!!! Hope you and your families all have a brilliant day and that nothing goes wrong. Enjoy your day!!!!!

 Yeah ditto. post a topic every monday, and we discuss.

 Kewl, like the idea. 2hrs 5mins to go!

 Yes, sure

 Interesting idea. I had an idea a while ago which would make the blog more exciting (slightly) and would hopefully get some good discussions going. Each week I will ask someone to choose a subject / event or sme kind of question. Then basically you spend the next week discussing it as well as normal blogging. For example the title could be: "President Bush". Then people can use that as a starting point. What do you think?

 Have you read those blogs that won awards from that guardian competition? I read the two teenage winners. The boys one was good but not very funny, but the girl called Olivia, hers is just so random that it's really funny. Completly random. I think we should do something to spice up our blog. Like have different cateogries and put someone in charge of each category. Like Our News, World News and our Views, Events in our lives, stuff like that, make it funny and not just a regular ole blog.

 yay!!!!!

 Its Christmas Eve! 9hrs 30mins to go!

 That was a good ole film!

 Yay everyone!!! Well Yesterday I spent the day on crimbo light patrol as our old set are dead. So father and I went to about five different garden centres. Its our crimbo tradition anyway. We came back with nothing so we had lunch and with the firm instructions from mother of 'go and get some christmas lights' we headed out again. Went way out, right off to the M25 to a garden centre there. We brought a set of new crimbo lights, a new candle light set and this sicky stuff to hang your crimbo cards up on. So all in all, a sucess. Yesterday evening Jackie and I went to see Elf ! I loved it. I love kiddies films. Soooo funny. SAAAAAAAANTA! I know him! I know him!

 Lol, Well i have BROADBAND- Finally! I had to get Max to help me out as it wasnt downloading properly! how fucking stupid! Scuse my language! But yippee

 Awwwww! Donna and Lisa are comign round this afternoon! Yay! I haven't seen them for ages!! This morning I went to SAinsburys, and omg was it manic. We couldn't get into the car park, we had to park miles down the road, and then there was so many people in there it was dangerous!!! I nearly lost a toe, being run over by a mad old woman and her trolley. Safeways is a much safer place to live. Plus, they have all their xmas sweeties reduced already. Big Bags of chocolate coins for 39p, and HUGE drums of xmas-tree marshmellows for only 99p. Bargain. Plus 10% off, makes life so much more fun. My mummy got 47 off her shopping in double discount weekend, twas very cool! Meant that the alcohol i pursuaded her to buy was only 3.20- bargain! Anywho, must go now! Things to do, chocolate coins to munch!! Bye!

 Changing Rooms isn't on tonight :(

 lol, Jo, films gud innit! Trampoling tonite yay! Nicki dont forget to watch changing rooms- if its on tonite, cause i havent got to babysit and probably wont text ya!

 I saw LOTR last night, it was really scary, and very sad at the end i thought! Very good though. I'm working 4-8 tonight, then nothing until saturday- good because I don't have to go anywhere, but bad cos I will not get much money. Hey ho, it's life. I'm actually looking forwad to xmas because there are quite a lot of pressies under the tree for me!

 well, im bored once agen! nothing on TV at this timeof year! >:( But yippee im getting broadband tmor so yayyyyyyyyy

 That was very phiospical Max. Well on Thursday I went shopping with Jackie which was un as we found Beckett and spent about 30 mins sitting on those massage things. How amusing.Yesterday I went to Croydon with Lisa. We shopped ( I brought some skate jeans ) and had pizza hut which was fun. We have a Dutch waiter! Today I worked from 8.30 til 5.30. I have Dean his present, must have been happy with it cos he gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek so that made my made of course. Tomorrow I'm working from 10 til 4.30. Them Monday and Tuseday will most likely be me doing homework as I have many a final piece to do. Wednesday I'm working 1 - 6. Friday I'm working 12.30 - 5.30. Thats good because that is overtime pay so wopee!! On crimbo day it will be me, Mum, Caz and Dad. That is good because last year we had to post pone xmas for a day as Dad was working so we had our xmas on Boxing day. dad is working on my birthday though which means I'll be spending most of the day worrying because new year eve's party goers who get drunk and stuff can cause an awful amount of trouble and it has been known for police to get injured etc.. so I won't be that happy on that night. Gah.

 well I went out to a party last night and walked home about 1.30am. Twas a tad cold. Today I have been to croydon to help nancy finish her shopping, i am going to work for 6pm, then working again tomorrow morning until 2.30, going home for lunch and to see our guests, then going into croydon for the 6.30 showing of LOTR 3. I am really looking forward to it!!!

 Im not getting out. Theres nothing to get out to do. Everytime I do get out, im out of pocket (or its raining). Anyway, you are always bored.

 Okay Max, Maybe you need to get out a bit more? Well today woz judgement day, i went and saw lord of the rings. Now it woz a gud film although i beleive it could of been considerably cut down in length cause there were many parts you didnt need to see. Also the cinema didnt put a break in like they said a little while ago on there site! I was quite annoyed with that cause i didnt wanna miss ne of the film by going to the toilet! So i waited till it had finshed then rushed to the toilet, ask Andy Scott and DAvid i woz in there for a while! But over all a good film, i would advise you to go see it, but only if you seen the first two films otherwise you would get a bit lost in the plot! So wot are peeps Crimbo plans? Ne one going ne where specail? Tmor im working in the morning then going to my cousins for crimbo dinner, then sunday im working. On crimbo day i think my grandparents are coming over so that should be fun! Other than wokring thats about all im doing!

 Something pretty scary happened today... I was bored, and I looked at the clock on my PC. The year scale went right up to 2099. By 2099, I would be about 112. No way am I going to live that long. Then something occured to me; one of the dates that is sitting in right front of me is the day i'll die. Nice thought, no? And as well as the fact that the PC could outlive me in terms of time... Anyhow, um...prawn cocktail Wotsits are minging.

 CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE CHEESE

 hand holding - you like to be in constant physical contact with your special someone but you don't want to take things too quickly. Thats me! "Curling up in front of the fire together under a big blanket, drinking hot chocolate!"

 innocent kiss - you're cute and sweet and like it that way urlLink What Sign of Affection Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Aww im like you Jo!

 innocent kiss - you're cute and sweet and like it that way urlLink What Sign of Affection Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Alternatively, you could embrace the christmas vibe by inviting evey stray dog into the neighbour hood and feeding them roast ham and dog biscuits. That's always fun.

 cuddle and a kiss on the forehead - you like to be close to your special someone and feel warm, comfortable, and needed urlLink What Sign of Affection Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 No Jo. I am not excited. I have too much work to do. Fuck xmas, it can piss off this year. Damit. Its all your fault Jackie. Because you didn't babysit last night, and you didn't do the weekly text thing I completely forgot Changing Rooms was on! I MISSED IT. O how depressing. I think I shall fall into Hamlet mode: 'O that this too too sulied flesh would melt....' Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Yay for the trampoling thing though. An I don't go on about it, only mentioned it once because of the hand signal convo. Thats it. Its like my geology class. Every lesson its usually Beckett who brings it up but the subject of Dean and I always comes into conversation. And the room always goes quiet just as we aretalking about it so then either the whole class join in or we're told we are a bunch of gays by Seward. Ahhhh.

 No I'm not excited, possibly because i havent brought any presents yet! My sister arrived home around 1 hour ago, came in for about 20 mins and tehn went striaght back out again! ( You can tell she was glad to see us) I'm really happy at the moment as i just got back from trampolining and i can now do a back summersault into a seat drop! Considering i only passed my back summersault last week im quite proud of myself! I seem to have a bit of a cold, not a runny nose cold but a annoying sore throat, which isnt always there and a horrible throaty gooey feeling... I am also very happy cause i didnt have to babysit tonite! Which means that i have moe time to do homework.. Althoughi bet i dont do anything in this extra time i have been given. I wish i had never told people who i fancy now cause thats all they sem to go on about! Grrrr, How annoying. And no guys you aint finding out who unless i already told you or you find out from somone i told! Now this is feeling like a very long blog to me so i think i will bring it to a bit of a abrupt end.

 Bitch, thats the phone I wanted :D :) I'm sure you would make a gramatical error if you were live in front of the whole world too... Me? Excited? Never. Only 10 days to go...

 I'm here guys. I've just been exceptionally tired, ill, and so exhausting I come home from school and collapse, and I am getting up so incredibly early to use my light box now, I have hardly any spare time. Oh the joys of being a student/cashier at safeways. At least they pay me lots, and I'm getting a new phone! It's contract, 13.99 a month with 50 free texts amd 750 free minutes, and it's a Nokia 6100! Wahey! I'm excited. Are you?

 I can't believe the gramatical error made: "Ladies and gentlemen, we got him." It should be "we've got him" or "we have got him", not "we got him"; it doesn't make any sense like that. Argghh.

 This pisses me off, terrestrial television listing for today, 11:30AM: BBC1: Saddam news report BBC2: Saddam news report ITV: Saddam news report Channel 5: Saddam news report Channel 4: Hollyoaks Police force? It needs to be improved. A zero-tolerance rule should be applied like in the states. We havent got our Christmas tree up yet. It will be up Tuesday when my Dad gets back from knocking a wall down in his brothers house.

 Interesting interesting. No I haven't heard from Jo. Not since I saw her at Speech day. I spent half an hour last night sitting in front of my christmas tree thinking about my final art piece for Starky, based around Autobiography. It can be anything so long as you can somehow link it back to you. My link is that my father was a firefighter. My piece will be based around those firefighters lost in September 11th. (By the way, I releasied this in general studies last week, the Americans go on and on about what a tragedy it was for all those firefighters to die. Fair enough. But what about the paramedics and police? They died too. They all do the same life threatening job. Just in different ways.) What I will do is construct a war cross (American war cemetryes which I have visited - a plain white cross). I will not paint it white but photocopy headlines and pages from books about September 11th and the firefighters. I will cover my cross in it and then create rubble around the base. I want people to remember. I want people at the art exhibitiono to go: 'Wow. I remember that. That piece is really good, I'm impressed.' I remember at last years exhibition someone did a 9/11 piece. It created many a comment.

 I quite like these new community police, they are quite helpful and seem to be doing a great job. When we went up to London on Monday on a coach we drove the whole length of where Croydon is - it really does go quite a long way until it becomes London; but anyway, I saw about 10 of them and half of them were talking to people and doing things. Fortunately I haven't had to talk to a police man for quite a little while, but I hate this racist issue. The press seem to think that every single person in the Met is racist and say they should get more black officers. In case you haven't noticed, you can't advertise specifically for that kind of thing as that is racist. The whole thing has to much PC behind it and I hate it all. I am quite intilted to say what I am about to say as it is a view, a belief, an experience and is true, but there are more black people causing on-the-street crime than white. This is true, and I know myself, all three of the blokes who mugged me where black; and their ain't that many black people wondering around Sanderstead village at 4pm on a Tuesday afternoon in January. So, my point is, the whole thing about stop-and-search being done to more black people than white seems fair to me entirely. I know a police man, in fact I know three, but this one in particular was talking to me about this issue when he worked for Croydon police, and white people do more robbery from houses and other non-violent crime, where as black people do more violent crime. The problem is, there is more violent crime around at the moment. Point made. Another thing that is really annoying me at the moment is the 'new look' BBC News 24. It's rubbish. The idea of this channel was to become different from all the other 24 hour news channels, to be unique - which it was. Now it looks even more like Sky News which I despise, they are all following the horrible American TV which is truly terrible. BBC Three is dropping the only show I watch on that channel, Liquid News, and instead they had Johnny Vaughn with that chat show he did, which again is identical to these American ones where the audience clap whenever the presenter says a word that has 3 or more syllables in it. So I'm not impressed with the BBC at the moment - although I have been listening to Radio 4 quite a lot recently, I'm turning into an old man. Oh yeah, one more thing (maybe). Today, while in HMV, browsing my way through the CDs, two blokes next to me, having a chat. Normal everyday things people do; but what are they doing while talking to each other? Holding their penis. Really, you know it's there, you probably saw it this morning when you were getting changed, do you really need to hold it all the time? I know it sticks out a bit, but you can buy special underwear that holds it in if you have those kind of problems. If you're afraid it's going to fall off, don't worry, this is the 21st century, we can glue it back on. But seriously, stop holding your cock, it just isn't right, especially when you're talking to another bloke, and in public. I watched the Railway Children today, and it made me realise how much PC we have in this world today. It is so stupid it's not true. Signs everywhere telling us what to do and what not to do. Don't stick your head out the window. Don't jump off the cliff. This packet of nuts contains nuts. In the movie, the children are allowed to go out, run around the place, be happy, explore. Now, they would have to be with an adult and wouldn't be able to go and talk to the station master. Alright, East Croydon isn't exactly the best place, but smaller ones like Sanderstead and this wonderful little station in North Wales I went to. The village has about 10 houses in it, and the station is so small you have to ask the train driver to stop at the station when you get on the train; and wave your hand when you see the train coming to stop it. I'm worried about Jo. She said something about her PC not working, so I can understand her not being on MSN or blogging; but I've text her earlier today and no reply. Hope all is well, anybody heard from her? Blimey that's a long blog. Need to have a nap now.

 Well, i think they do there job and dts dat. I never had ne tihng to do with the police so i cant say much really. Although i think they need to arresyt more people! RAndom people

 Ok so no one is blogging. Lets have a discussion. Police. The British police. Croydon police. What do you think? Asking this because it comes up every bloody general studies lesson and I am putting together my argument about it so that next lesson I can have my say.

 My hand has gone kinda numb this morning and was hurting yesterday. As I won't be at the doctors anytime soon I thought I'd look up what I have on the internet. It may be wrong but I think this is pretty much hitting the nail on the head. Description Carpal tunnel syndrome occurs when tendons in the wrist become inflammed after being aggravated. A tunnel of bones and ligaments in the wrist narrows, pinching nerves that reach the fingers and the muscle at the base of the thumb. The first symptoms usually appear at night. Symptoms range from a burning, tingling numbness in the fingers, especially the thumb and the index and middle fingers, to difficulty gripping or making a fist. Treatment Carpal tunnel syndrome is treated by immobilizing the wrist in a splint to minimize or prevent pressure on the nerves. If that fails, patients are sometimes given anti-inflammatory drugs or injections of cortisone in the wrist to reduce the swelling. There is also a surgical procedure in which doctors can open the wrist and cut the ligament at the bottom of the wrist to relieve the pressure. However, only a small percentage of patients require surgery.

 Grrrrrrr, My stupid MSN aint working! Not fair stupid thing!

 lol

 Buy your CD's off me, ANY CD - 2, 100% hookie/Kazaa downloaded. Including custom bass/treble enhancements. I have finally found what was slowing my network down to 10mbps. It was the 10mb Hub. So, I need to get a new 10/100mb Hub. Seen one on eBay for a tenner. Yay! 10x network speeds for 10!!! Not that anybody cares. Anyway, I think its time to start the Official Christmas List Blogs. Here's mine: 16x DVD Drive for PC The Office - Season 2 DVD Command And Conquer - Zero Hour: Expansion Pack The Osbournes - Series 1 DVD Thats about it for now!

 Ok Jackie. Well done for blogging. In that case I must retaliate to you and WHSmith: Come to Woolworths and do some Christmas shopping. We have anything and everything from hardware, kitchenware to toys, cinfectionary and entertainment. Offers currently available in the store are as follows: 3 for 2 mix and match where you see the parcel symbol (buy 2 get the cheapest free!) Buy 1 chart CD get another half price Buy 2 chart DVD's and get 4 off Buy one DVD get another free out of our selection Wohoo!! Go Woolies!

 I would blog more often! BUT I dont have anything interesting to say! I will say one thing though, i am absolutly knakcered and i should go to bed, but as per usual i cant go to bed yet casue i havent finished... (started) my homework yet! I had to work Saturday and Sunday, which i am not used to and on Saturday i had to get up at 7.00AM which is earlier than i do for bloody school! Geez. I would of done some homework earlier but i came home and feel asleep on da sofa, then i went out to trampolining, then i had my dinner in like 10 mins be4 going out to babysit over the road. I dont get in from that until around about 10! And no thanx Nicki i would rather not a have a Sindy doll, they are tacky and crap! (WH Smith RULES) Hehe! By The Way- 10% discount evening this thursday! on EVERYTHING!!! So come in between 5.30 and 8 to get 10% off everything your buy! Plus have the added bonus of me serving you! Hehe enough advertising done by me now i think! ERm is this blog long enough yet Nicki? Cause i'm stuck on things to say now! So farewell oh yea and btw i do read th blog everyday just cant be bothered to write half the time!

 We have about 100 Cabin Crew Sindy's in our stock room. I spent a half hour this morning getting them out on the shelf so now we have about 50 in the stock room. They are only 4 and you get 10% off all toys today so go and buy them. Please. (Tom, chat tonight? I can't meet you tomorrow morning.)

 Jackie bllllllllllllllllllllllllllog. Max, bllllllllllllllllllllllllog. Work was ok today. Very busy very stressy. Got my work xmas do on Thursday so we may all come in on Friday hungover. So long as we don't buy the alcohol itsok so I'll be harassing everyone to get me some drink. I know I don't usually drink but hey, one night. I don't mind if I get a bit tipsy. For a change. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOM

 When I was seventeen, It was a very good year, It was a very good year for small, town girls and soft summer nights. We'd hide from the lights on the village green When I was seventeen Yay!

 That's a rather unfortunate acronym, kind of ironic as well. I haven't blogged for quite a while, nearly two weeks. What have a done? Not a lot really. I've been listening to Shut Up by The Black Eyed Peas quite a lot, which is quite odd because it's not my normal taste in music, but I really like this song; and I have been introduced to Sugarcult who just rock. Rather stressed with the amount of work I have to do, but it's nearly holiday time, only two weeks left, so I'm not too worried. It's my birthday on Saturday, having a driving lesson which should be amusing! Bought my Christmas cards this evening with Jo & co in Oxted (haha, that rhymes). So a mix of really good and really bad things - I supose they level out.

 Coooooool. www.sada.org.uk

 Glad you got them. Yes Jackie, new look hotmail. I think it better than before. I see what you mean Max. It can be annoying when people go off on a tangent. I am now avoiding Dean. This week everyone seems to have taken to confiding in me. Butch, Rudders and others. Its interesting but I don't mind. I can try but help.

 Jackie: New look Hotmail. New GUI. Login. GCSE Certificates are okay now, they were posted to me yesterday and I got em when I come home. 3 things that I think are totally different from each other: I love... (example: "I think she has a really kind nature that I like") I fancy... (example: "Rah! She's well fit!") I like... (example: "Aw, ur nice") Don't quite know how to put that one.

 What you mean? what happened to hotmail?

 Bloody hell, what happened to hotmail?

 aw Max that is quite bad.

 Bad day at work yesterday. Didn't see Dean as much due to Ritchie being ill so Dean having to take his place on entertianment desk. I'm not impressed this morning. Its cold, and wet, and windy. I want to go back to bed. Hmph.

 I'm not on strike, cause im cool Maybe its cause everyone is busy revising... Mwhahaha I got some dominoes! Yayness (Yayness is my new word)

 No one is blogging. Any reason for this or has everyone except Jackie decided to go on strike?

 Well, Today was snowy Boreing day to be honest! I need some domino's! Hehe Love Jackie x x x

 That Max is why you want a nice four wheeler. Camden was so good today. In fact all of today was good. Paul is so fab. I am presuming Jo is not posting deliberatly. Well if there is no word from her by end of week I will remove her from blog and we can invite someone else to join. I leave the choice of who to add into blog up to you guys as I think that is what will happen as Jo is being childish. Tom - your views on the subject of workload?

 Lol It's Snowing Yayness! Whoooo Hooo Snow!

 Technology: sometimes useless. Example: 10 minutes ago there was this car trying to get up my road. Its not a particularly steep hill, but nethertheless, this big brand new PHAT BMW was trying its hardest to climb the snowy road. Anyhow, it was doing this outside my house for a good 15 minutes. Along came an old, battered Citroen AX or something and went up the hill just as if it wasn't snowing. Useless car designs.

 Ah well that then brings back the question about technology that Max said. Is todays technology like computers, broadband etc.. distracting us from what we SHOULD be doing or is it really just a matter of choice? I personally don't think the workload is too much overall. Its more down to finding the time to cope with it. I for one cannot cope at the moment what with the mocks coming up. I have a 5 hour art exam this Friday and I don't have a clue what I'm doing. Ihave a 5 hour textiles exam next Wednesday and no idea what I'm doing. Add that to Eng Lit where we have to memorise literally the whole novel of 'Enduring Love' as it is not allowed into the exam with us and gelogy of which I do not have a clue. Plus general studies which I don't have any guesses as to what will happen. Its too much. Not too much work just too much pressure to have it at such a high standard even though it needs to be at that high a standard for alevel.

 no, I dont get too much homework ect.. But i don't have the motivation to do any of the work, For Example i have h/w to do for tmor, but i'm doing it now? No I'm on here instead!

 Subject for this week: A-level workload. Is it too much? Should people of our age be put under that amount of pressure?

 nope! I dont have any pressing questions i need answering! I'll tell ya when i get a question! Lol Any Neil ----> Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

