 urlLink Library Reference Search This is a good example of a search engine based on urlLink Overture . Results at Overture are determined by advertisers who bid on search terms. The results are of course very commercial. It is hard to find good "free" info in the results because every advertiser is trying to sell something. Unfortunately, lots of other search engines and directories are using Overture results and in many cases are not labelling the results as advertising. This includes Yahoo, AltaVista, Excite, Go, and hundreds of smaller outifts like Library Reference Search. As Yahoo now owns Overture, we can only expect it to get harder to find good quality results on the Web. All the more reason to teach our students to use urlLink Google ...

 urlLink Wikipedia This is a novel concept. It is an encyclopedia that anyone can stop by and edit. Despite the potential for abuse, Wikipedia seems to have been up successfully for several years now. I tried my hand at editing a few topics anonymously. I just added a few links and a small section on library instruction to the entry on Library. It worked just fine. I guess the community at Wikipedia has figured out ways to counter abusive, vandal minded, and crankpot contributors. If Wikipedia ever got big, I think the model Wikipedia would fail. It would be abused just like Usenet is. However, as it doesn't get a lot of attention yet, it still works. Watch out though if it ever gets a decent Google pagerank. Every spammer on Earth will try to place their links everywhere. But maybe the Wikipedians could handle it. I wish them luck and I think I'll contribute to the project a little myself.

 urlLink Welcome to LibraryInstruction.Com! Resources for Library Instruction. : If you haven't seen my LI site yet, please check it out and consider contributing. Here is the CFP for the site: "I have created this site with the intent of providing useful resources to my colleagues engaged in library instruction around the world. This site contains library instruction lesson plans, articles about library instruction, and links to library instruction resources. This site will work best if others contribute. Here is what I am asking: 1. Please send me any articles you have written that deal with library instruction issues. (Obviously, only do this if you still retain the copyright to them!) I will create a page for them at this site and link to it from the article page. You will retain the copyright to your work. I will remove it any time you ask me to do so. 2. Please send me any library instruction lesson plans you have written. These can be for any level of student. I will create a page for them at this site and link to it from the lesson plan page. You will retain the copyright to your work. I will remove it any time you ask me to do so. 3. If you know of any web resources that should be included in the links page, please let me know. Please e-mail me at support@libraryinstruction.com with any contributions."

 urlLink SatelliteTV.cc - Dish Network Satellite TV! As the new NFL season approaches, I realize that I probably once again will be unable to see many of the games of my favorite team. I love the Bengals but they are so bad that they never put them on TV outside of Ohio. All I will get to see is the Detroit Lions. Yuck. I am thinking of paying the money to get satellite TV so that I can buy an NFL package and watch the Bengals every week. Who knows, they might actually be good this year...

 urlLink Learning and Teaching on the Web I am an editor at Academic Exchange Quarterly and I am currently solicating submissions for manuscripts on dealing with the web. Here is the CFP: The emergence of the World Wide Web has changed the way that information is disseminated and the manner in which faculty and students seek to acquire it. How do librarians and faculty best instruct students in the ways to find credible information online? What are the best methods for teaching students to evaluate what they find on the Web and become educated information consumers? Further, what are the best ways for faculty to place information on the Web for student use? How does placing a course online change the needs of students who are seeking information? Contributions are welcome from many perspectives, including those dealing with: library user education, teaching competencies, distance education courses, models of instruction, teaching technology, information skills, web instruction issues for administrators, librarian/faculty collaboration, and various others. Who May Submit: Those who work with students and are responsible for teaching using the web or who teach students how to evaluate information found on the web. This can include classroom faculty, librarians, graduate students, and academic staff. Individuals who have developed and/or taught an online course would also be welcome to submit. Further, submissions are sought from administrators who have dealt with issues relating to teaching and learning on the web. Click on the link above for info on how to submit.

 I found a great site that would give newbies an opportunity to edit at a volunteer web directory. It is urlLink Joeant . It is fairly easy to use and the community is friendly. I believe that learning about "how" the Web works is good for college students so I will be incorporating info about volunteer directories in my freshmen library skills course this fall. I will be assigning a Joeant assignment. As Zeal and the ODP are a little too much for novices, I think Joeant will work fine.

 urlLink Using Weird News to Teach About Verifying Information on the Web Last month, I talked about the possibility of using the News of the Weird website urlLink to teach students about verifying information on the web. And just like that a lesson appears based on my suggestion. Miland Brown of Benton Harbor Community College submitted such a lesson plan to LibraryInstruction.Com and I have included the link at the beginning of this entry. Go ahead and give the lesson a try this fall. Please let me know if you use it and how it goes. Thanks Miland. I hope I can continue to get good reader feedback from this Blog.

 urlLink DotTK I have found that many of my students do not really understand how domain names work or how they are assigned. I have talked with students who think that a .org means that the site must be an organization or that .com must be a business. This is untrue as anyone can register either extension for any purpose if the registration fee is paid. The tiny New Zealand island territory of Tokelau has been assigned the extension of .tk. And wonder of wonders, they are giving out addresses for free. The domains you can get (up to three) will be redirecting frames to another address you specifiy, but they are real top level domains. Go ahead and try urlLink libraryinstruction.tk . It redirects to urlLink LibraryInstruction.Com . I am thinking about showing this site to my students and having them register a free domain. It might help facilitate a discussion on domain names and their meanings. I wouldn't mind visiting Tokelau either. Sounds like a neat place...

 urlLink Chaos Theory and Education : I was watching several tours come by the library today. One was well done and the potential students and their parents were enthralled. A few others were done poorly in my opinion and the participants were uninterested. This will certainly be the difference on some admission choices I imagine. How chaotic that the strength of a single campus tour can make a difference. It reminds me of my paper on chaos theory and education I posted online a few years back. It seems timely as the new fall semester approaches... First paragraph: "The universe is a chaotic place. It is full of uncertainty and it can be difficult to predict exactly what is going to happen at any given time be it the present or the far future. Scientists and mathematicians have developed a theory to explain this phenomenon. It is called chaos theory and it is highly relevant to the field of teaching. Education is an uncertain endeavor. Not only is it difficult to exactly predict what will happen in the class each day, it is nearly impossible to ascertain what the best course of education for any given person or class may be. The reasons for this are simple. Education is connected to the rest universe and as such is fully subject to the chaos that naturally exists in reality. " Full article is urlLink here .

 urlLink SearchEngineForums.com This is a great site to explore how many webmasters work to get high rankings in search engines. Most of us in the public see search engines as ways to find good quality free information. When we get this, the search engine of choice works. If not, it fails. Not to many webmasters. To them, search engines work if web searchers find their pages and buy stuff. In this case, a search engine is good only if it allows them to make money. Reading these forums is educational as you see the links webmasters go to manipulate the search engines. The Google forum is a particlularly good read. They panic en masse every time Google has a hiccup in its algorithm! LOL. Fortunately, Google monitors this forum quietly too so many schemes to manipulate it are discovered and countered. If search engines (like Google) return good results for the average non-webmaster, they will get used. If they fail in this, they will fail in being popular with the public. It is no surprise that pay-per-click advertising based search engines like Overture have to trick users into searching them by importing their results into more respected search sources. Who wants to search advertising when they want real information?

 urlLink NEWS of the WEIRD As this site proclaims, "Proof that true stories are weirder than made-up stories." This is a interesting site with a large number of funny (and sometimes disturbing) stories. I think this would make for a good information literacy assignment. How about we have students try to find out if the stories are true? With a little digging, and the help of Lexis-Nexis, it should be possible to track down all the events being described. I noticed that generic web searches for the news described brings up a lot of hits to newspapers who carry the weekly News of the Weird columns. It could be a challenging assignment that teaches how hard it is to verify claims on the Internet.

 urlLink Slayage: The Online International Journal of Buffy Studies As most instruction librarians know, Buffy the Vampire Slayer is a great TV show for teaching about information literacy. How many shows (especially ones that last for seven seasons) feature a librarian as a main player and show research as a regular component of real life? This online journal is for serious academics who are using Buffy for tenure and raises. There is some excellent stuff here I noticed as I browsed through eight back issues of the journal. It also has information on an upcoming Buffy conference in Nashville. I doubt I will get funding to go to that even if I can get a paper accepted. I was thinking of a title like, "And the Word Became Flesh: Dawn, Glory, and the Use of the Avatar on Buffy the Vampire Slayer." But I am probably just a Buffy scholar wannabe.

 urlLink Amazing Cheap Books I have been on a huge Amazon binge lately as I have been buying a lot of new Dungeons and Dragons books from them. I also got several seasons worth of Buffy DVDs from them as well. I decided to try another store today. It is called Amazing Cheap Books. If the service sucks, I will let you know. The prices were OK. Amazon.com is like the Walmart of bookstores. It is hard to compete with them. Giving new guys a chance every now and then is the American way I think.

 urlLink Open Site I mentioned the Wikipedia encyclopedia the other day. The Open Site Encyclopedia is a rival volunteer encyclopedia editing community. This one is from the same folks who bring us the Open Directory Project. The screen even looks the same. My guess is that this community will grow slower but ultimately have a better product. The standards for getting in and then having worked reviewed will be higher. And it will be hard for spammers to drop by and mess up good content. However, this is the Open Directory Project so those people who have problems with the hierachy and politics there probably will not fit in well at Open Source. This site bears watching. I don't think any librarians are on board yet as I see no entry for libraries or library science.

 urlLink DVD Rentals I have been considering starting a subscription with Netflix. This service allows for unlimited home delivery of DVD titles for the fee of $19 a month. Not bad at all. And the company has a good reputation for service. In addition to no late fees, Netflix pays postage both ways for the DVD titles. However, I like the local video store which is Family Video. They are not conviently located but they are cheap and have what I want. Maybe if my only choice was Blockbuster would I go the Netflix route. But I like the idea of Netflix and may subscribe someday soon anyway.

 urlLink Concerto in a Minor: Beans, Beans... I grew up believing that beans were a fruit. My dad convinced me of this as everytime we ate chili he would sing, "Beans, beans, the magical fruit, the more you eat, the more you toot." I remember arguing that beans were a fruit with my teacher in elementary school. She finally convinced me that beans were vegetables. You can see how I was confused by my dad. I am sure that this would be a good lecture point on how bad information gets passed off as fact but it is probably best if I avoid this topic with the students. And, my dad didn't even come up with this song! You can find the lyrics to it all over the Web...

 urlLink Burn Books, Burn I like my new community here in Mid-Michigan. However, we have nuts here too. A local church in Greenville had a book burning. Of course, the focus was on Harry Potter. (Don't these morons know that C.S. Lewis, the foremost Christian apologist of the 20th Century, used magic and witchcraft in the Narnia books?) Hum on that. Another Harry book burning. But this one gets better! They also burned copies of the Book of Mormon and any Bible that was not the King James version. Nothing like religious intolerance to get the old fires burning. Obviously, only the vision of scripture that this church has is the correct one. All else must be burned. This reminds me of the Taliban. They hold to an extremist version of Islam which is intolerant of any reading of the Koran that differs from their own. We have a Taliban like church right here in Michigan. Let's hope none of the church members try to run for political office. Just imagine the harm even one of them could do if he managed to get on a local school board.

 urlLink Academic Exchange Quarterly I have just accepted the position of Executive Editor at Academic Exchange Quarterly . I have been a feature editor and associate editor for the journal over the last year and half. During this time, the journal has a solid record for publishing scholarly articles dealing with teaching in higher education. Many of these articles have been from librarians. I hope I will be able to continue the high quality of the journal. If you or your library does not subscribe, I would encourage you to look over the table of contents page and the sample full-text articles. I think you will like what you see. Also, take a look at the different themes we are soliciting articles for right now. Our acceptance rate hovers under 50% but if you have a good idea and are willing to work with our reviewers you will find this to be an excellent publication to have listed on your vita.

 urlLink Introducing First-Year Student-Athletes to the Library I just gave a tour and orientation session for the freshmen football players. They were a good group and I enjoyed teaching to them. I got excellent questions and commentary from them as well. One of the students sat at the instructor station. Before he could finish his joke and take another seat, I drafted him and had him type in the examples while I walked around the room and lectured. I bet he doesn't forget his library orientation! Anyway, later I told a colleague about the session. Unfortunately, I got the "athletes are pampered, dumb, and given special treatment" response from her. I was annoyed but not surprised. Bias against student-athletes is rampant in higher education. How pampered are athletes? Lets see, they have no free time as they are always required to be in class, practicing, at a study table, or travelling to games. They are forbidden to hold jobs. And they have to jump through multiple NCAA requirements like the "do not gamble" seminar every semester. And people assume they are dumb and look down on them. For this, they get no payment except for free classes, food, and a dorm room. Mind you, the university will profit financially from their labor even as the athletes don't. Few make it to the pros. If sports in higher education is bad, then let's move to eliminate them. In the meantime, we should not give the student-athletes anything but our best. They are not responsible for the system. We owe the athletes a quality education. Being taught about library skills is an important part of this process. Librarians need to reach out to student-athletes and help educate them and provide them with services. This is one special population that needs the outreach. I hope the anti-athlete bias is becoming rarer and starting to die at most places.

 urlLink Revolting librarians (1972) Back when I was a toddler, a group of librarians got together and wrote a subversive book titled Revolting Librarians . Most of the chapters in this book can be found full-text at the link at the beginning of this entry. Some of them are good reads. In particular, I loved Library School Lunacy by Harleigh Kyson. Things haven't changed much in the world of librarian education. Sure, I am glad I have my MLS and it was a valuable learning experience being in library school. But, unlike many professions, most of what you learn about librarianship is done in a library and outside of academia. There is a new version of Revolting Librarians which was released this year. Scanning the chapter titles, it does look like it is leftist leaning. Here is an idea. Since librarianship attracts and is dominated by individuals who are to the left politically, a true Revolting Librarians title in this day and age would be written by right wing librarians trying to shake the system up. I can imagine a few chapter titles, "No, We Don't Buy Pornagraphy But Come Look at it on Our Computers: Or Why My Library Director is Brain Dead for Refusing to Use Filters" or "Stupid ALA Political Games: Bashing Israel, George Bush, and Anyone Who Disagrees with an Extremist Reading of the Library Bill of Rights." But alas, such a work will never come to be. Anyway, I hope we can see more Revolting Librarian type titles in the future. Regardless of the politics, they are are interesting reads.

 urlLink NFL.com - Football is back tonight! Yes. I have so missed watching the game of games this summer. Sure, it is the first pre-season game for both teams (Packers and Chiefs) meaning sloppy play and fourth stringers who will get cut. And I don't care for either team. But it is football and I shall watch it. This is why I love the fall. The students come back to campus. The leaves are crisp. The air has that nice chill to it. And the pigskins start flying everywhere. I need to come up with a library instruction lesson that centers on football. I do have my fantasy teams set and ready to go at Yahoo.

 urlLink Librarian Avengers: Why you should fall to your knees and worship a librarian Many of you are probably aware of Erica Olsen's Librarian Avengers site. In particular, that great page that explains why librarians should be worshipped. (Alas, my wife still ain't buying it.) The url has been changed though. The old Librarian Avengers domain (librarianavengers.com) was hijacked when Erica failed to renew in time. It happens. Please don't visit the old site as I don't want to help those parasites get any traffic. Anyway, she is back up at librarianavengers.org. Please go and give the site a visit. (And this situation set a fire under my feet. I have registered LibraryInstruction.Com through 2012!)

 urlLink A Novel Understanding of Ecology Here is a good article on using a book to get students interested in ecology. I think this is a good idea. What would be a good book for teaching about information literacy? If you have a semester long course, there is no reason why a good book couldn't be used to facilitate conversations relating to critical thinking in Web and library research. If anyone has any idead for fiction works I could use, please share. The abstract of the article, "While it enjoins readers to embrace radically new ways of thinking about the land, Aldo Leopold’s A Sand County Almanac bids teachers in particular to identify and develop means for encouraging students to better understand and appreciate the environment. As a response to Leopold’s implicit call for papers, this essay contends that the genre of the novel has untapped potential to facilitate an understanding of the natural world and to kindle student interest in ecological issues. Braiding together a discussion of Leopold’s philosophy, phenomenology, and Bakhtinian theory, this essay presents reasons why the often-overlooked novel lends itself well to helping teachers achieve these goals." Link is at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/choice1z.htm

 No link today. And I think that is appropriate. That big power blackout hit Michigan yesterday. In fact, some news reports indicate that the problem originated in Michigan before spreading to parts of Canada and the Northeast United States. What a mess. We went 5 hours without power in Mt. Pleasant and it seemed like an eternity. I like to log into the Web whenever I feel like it and I felt uncomfortable not being able to do it. I live such a different life than most of the people who have lived throughout history. Minor events like a power outage sure drive this home.

 urlLink The Cult Construction Set This is a neat site that lets you create your own cult quickly. It even generates Bible verses to support the beliefs you want to specialize in. I made a cult called Librarians for Krishna that believes in Polygamy, S&M, and that OJ Simpson is the messiah. I had no idea that OJ fulfilled so many of the scriptures. This site showed me the chapters and verses. It even has tips for how to get your cult started by giving advice on recruiting new members. I am not sure how this relates to information literacy, but I thought I would share anyway.

 urlLink Active Learning and Library Instruction I am spending some time today preparing my syllabus for my LIB 197 (Library Skills) course I am teaching this fall. It starts in a few weeks! As always, I want a lively class with involved students. I know that this is my responsibility as the students will be quiet and will be reluctant to get engaged. What can I come up with? Reminds me of my active learning article. The first paragraph reads, "From the beginning of academic library instruction in the United States, it was noted that perhaps lecturing was not the most effective way of educating students about the library. In 1886, Davis wrote about his frustrations in teaching students about the library who were not learning anything from his lectures. This phenomenon has been noticed by many other librarians as well. The assumption that library instruction should be lectured based probably has driven the opposition of many academic librarians to library instruction. After all, if lecturing to students about library use does not work, why do it? Active learning, also known as cooperative learning, is a model of instruction that many academic librarians have turned towards to better help students learn about the library in the classroom." Full article is at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/active.html

 urlLink Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization Is Bigfoot real? I hope so but despite centuries of sightings no one has bagged real evidence to prove it. There are a variety of Bigfoot sites on the Web. Some are pro-Bigfoot and some are more skeptically inclined. This is the second ranked site for Bigfoot on Google on August 12th, 2003. (The top ranked site is a software company. How many people want software when they type in Bigfoot? Very few. Google needs to tweak a little for this word.) The Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization is of the opinion that Sasquatch probably is real. And it would also like to sell you a variety of items. Comparing well done anti-Bigfoot sites with well done pro-Bigfoot sites could make for a good class discussion on how evidence is presented on the Web. Which side has the burden of proof in this matter? Notice how differing viewed sites treat the same 1967 Patterson Bigfoot film...

 urlLink Cedar Point Amusement Park, The Roller Coaster Capital of the World! Yes, I am taking the family (all but the 6 month old) to Cedar Point. The place is expensive and overwhelming but it is a family tradition. This blog will have a one or two day hiatus while I travel back and forth.

 urlLink A Brief History of Library Instruction in the United States of America As I enjoy this last weekend before classes begin on campus, I take a moment to reflect on those who helped create library instruction as we know it today in the USA. They have helped instruction librarians everywhere by their labors in the 19th and 20th Centuries. First paragraph, "It is likely that librarians have always to a limited degree been involved in classroom teaching. For example, it is hard to imagine that the librarians at the Great Library of Alexandria did not assemble from time to time small groups of students and visiting scholars and instruct them on the proper handling and use of the valuable scrolls that resided there. Throughout most of history librarians have been members of other professions (the clergy and scholars of various disciplines) who took on the additional duty of maintaining the library collection of their institutions. It is highly likely that these individuals introduced library concepts into their regular lectures pertaining to their area of expertise. Unfortunately, no written record appears to exist detailing how library instruction in the classroom was carried out or how often it was conducted." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/lihistory.html .

 urlLink AntiPlagiarism.com This is a site selling a book titled THE PLAGIARISM HANDBOOK: Strategies for Preventing, Detecting, and Dealing with Plagiarism . I am giving a workshop for CMU faculty on plagiarism this fall. I am also going to have an entire lecture dedicated to it for my LIB 197 students. This looks like a good book and I am going to try and get a copy of it. Regardless, there are some good tips for dealing with plagiarism at the site. (As students continue to download music with no regard to copyright, I wonder if this influences their beliefs on cutting-and-pasting the words of others into their papers without regard. These two areas of intellectual property are related I think.)

 urlLink Rise of Nations This looks like a neat game but... It gives the opportunity to dominate 6,000 years of world history. From the site, "Combining pulse-pounding real-time gaming with the epic scope of turn-based strategy games, Rise of Nations gives you a fast and fun experience..." So, how exactly does real time gaming work when the game spans 6,000 years? Will my family be playing this game for countless generations to come? Will I become exremely long lived? Does this mean the programmers don't have to finish the game yet because it will be a good 5,000+ before even the best players can get nuclear weapons? Sometimes I wonder what they are thinking when they write ad copy.

 urlLink Tales from the MSU Stacks I did an orientation for new faculty the other day. I did a stand up act that delivered my information but still kept them entertained. As I work on delivering orientation information to different groups on campus, I remember the big project I worked on at Michigan State University back in 2000. The Tales from the MSU Stacks tutorial has 30 minutes of video (good PBS TV station filmed and edited video) with some web links and interactive content. I am still amazed how well it came out. It also does a good job of entertaining students. Be warned, if you don't have a digital or network Internet connection, the streaming video may be too much for you to download and view.

 urlLink MUSEUM - Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum This is a neat arcade (and museum) that has old arcade games and coin operated novelties from the 19th, 20th, and 21st Centuries. Admission is free but of course everything costs a quarter to operate. One oddity is a PT Barnum replica of the Cardiff Giant. There is a whole page dedicated to its story. Strangley, the 10 foot giant is not coin operated. A 19th Century atheist-farmer decided to pull one over on fundamentalist Christians by creating this statue and claiming it was proof that the Biblical giants really walked the earth. The fundamentalists fell for it and the farmer made 300k despite the objections of scientists of the time who easily recognized the fraud. I would like to visit this museum in the future. I would have a blast there. And, the Cardiff giant story is a good one for teaching information literacy. Just because you want to believe something, it does not mean it is true.

 urlLink Jazz-Sax.Com | Exposing the Happy Birthday Story Did you know that the Happy Birthday song is copyrighted? If you use it in public, you owe the copyright owners money. In this case, there are some who claim the song is in the public domain. This is the point of today's blog entry. The author contends that the melody to Happy Birthday is in fact a public domain tune from the 1880s. It is an interesting claim. (And why doesn't someone sue the copyright holders forcing their hand? Repayments of past "copyright" settlements ought to make it worth it for some lawyer. Maybe this isn't such an easy issue.) Regardless, in a day when our students think nothing of downloading tunes for free from the Web, the whole idea of copyright and music seems quaint. I am going to have a lecture on copyright with my students this fall. This link may be the catalyst I use to introduce the topic. (And happy 5th birthday to my son Calvin.)

 urlLink Walter Sickert: Jack the Ripper? Patricia Cornwell published a book titled Portrait of a Killer . In it, she presents strong evidence that the English artist Walter Sickert was Jack the Ripper. There are a variety of proofs. Several of the "Jack the Ripper" letters received by London police in the 19th Century have been identified by handwriting experts as the handwriting of Walter Sickert. Further, throughout the life of Sickert, wherever he lived, prostitutes died. For example, when he lived in France, local prostitutes were murdered at a high rate in which ever town he was living in. Walter Sickert also painted a self-portrait which he titled "Jack the Ripper." It will probably will be impossible to ever prove this assertation. But the proof is strong. This is a good story for any librarian trying to teach information evaluation skills. Has Cornwell solved this case or is it wishful thinking on Cornwell's part?

 urlLink How Parents of Home Schooled Students Can Get Their Children To Use the Library Are some home schooled students discriminated against by public library librarians? This link leads to a reasonable article about how home schooling parents can help their children get involved in library research. However, it ends with the following: "Some home school parents have reported problems with librarians and library staff who give their children a hard time when they are in the library during school hours. If this happens, immediately let the library staff know that your child is home schooled and has the right to be there during the day." "Some parents have reported librarians who are unhappy or resistant to home schooled children because the librarians don't believe in home schooling. If this happens, report the incident to the library administration immediately. If you don't get a satisfactory response, write a letter to the library board and to the local paper. You pay taxes and the local public library is obligated to serve you and your home schooled child. If the library forgets this, remind the library staff forcefully." Is this really an issue? Are there actually librarians out there who would impede the library access of children who are educated at home? Hard to believe I think. Perhaps the home schooling parents are making unreasonable demands on the library and some (including the author) don't like the library response. But then again, librarians are a liberal lot and some may take umberage at students whose parents have deliberately shunned the public schools. I hope librarians will remember the Library Bill of Rights and will do their best to serve the home schooled patron.

 urlLink Shared Insights from University Co-Teaching : Do you like to share your class with another teacher? Do two librarians working together to share content in a class do a better job than one? Abstract of article: "Many educators across all levels of teaching and disciplines are exploring new ways of collaborating and effectively delivering instruction to diverse groups of students. In this article, we describe our experience with university co-teaching with special attention to using learning centers in an upper-level education course." Full article at: urlLink http://www.rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/choice2z.htm . I will be co-teaching a library skills course for teacher education students in the Spring of 2004. This article seems of particular interst to me.

 urlLink Zeal.com - Share your knowledge. Set the standard. This is another volunteer editing community similar to the Open Directory Project. It is quickly beginning to rival the ODP in the sheer number of editors. The reason for this is simple. Anyone can join and edit. There is no application. Once you pass a moderately hard quiz, you can submit. After you have a certain number of submissions approved, you can adopt categories and get to work. Only non-commercial sites can be added. Commercial sites can only be included by paying money. This allows the directory to add good content but still make money. The data at Zeal shows up at LookSmart and most importantly in the MSN.com searches. This model seems to be working and people keep joining as volunteers. The editing tools are slick and easy to use as well. This another place to show students how web results are generated.

 urlLink CMU Libraries -- LIB 197 Well, I taught my first class for my LIB 197 course. I have 25 students. Much to my surprise, most of them are upperclassmen. I think they are looking for an easy class. I probably will deliver. I will make them work but it is only a one credit hour class and it is about research, not rocket science. I stressed attendance and doing the work. I also used the Cardiff Giant story which I blogged last week. It did grab their attention. I opened with it. I closed with an ice breaker where I had them come up with social issues in their neighbothoods and how library research can help them in solving the problems. All in all, a good first class.

 urlLink The Big Tent Event I get to preach tonight in a big tent as part of the fall orientation activities. Well, not really preach. I get to stand by a table and hand out literature to students as they mingle. There will be about 100 total tables with different campus and community groups represented. But, you know, as an instruction librarian I always feel like I missed my calling to be a preacher. Put me in a big tent and let me preach the gospel! It doesn't matter that I am an agnostic. The desire is still there. Since I will be in the big tent tonight, I will shout and holler and do my best to convince the students that it is in their best interest to visit the library early and often. Research salvation is at hand and the damnation of information illiteracy can be avoided. Seek ye the truth today. Work out thine own salvation with fear and trembling. I wish I could pass the plate too. (The link is to just the revival type event that gets the blood and cash flowing. You have to appreciate it.)

 urlLink Toymaker Finds Librarian Who's a Real Doll This is a great! I always wanted my own librarian doll. Nancy Pearl is the model for the doll and she is the focus of the Seattle Times story I have linked to today. It is not your average doll. As a bonus, you can push a button and the doll goes hush! The Seattle Times writes, "Pearl predicts that the shushing motion — triggered by a button on the doll's back — will determine 'which librarians have a sense of humor.' She likes to believe that today's librarians are secure enough in their work that they won't take offense at the old cliché." The hushing sound is awesome. As a 33 year old librarian who is a male and balding, no one believes I am a librarian. Even after 10 years with an MLS degree, I get disbelief from strangers and students. No more! I plan on bringing this doll with me everywhere and I will pull it out and hush anyone who challenges my identity as a librarian. It should be great at staff meetings too! To those librarians giving Pearl and this doll a hard time, get a real life. This stereotype is alive and well rather you like it or not. Making a stink about this doll only convinces people that librarians are anal. Some of us are of course but I hope that most librarians can accept this doll in good humor. I am going to buy one. (This reinforces the stereotype that male librarians are gay and effiminiate as I will be playing with a doll. Darn! I will have have to have folks take this up with my wife.)

 urlLink Building on Students’ Experiences in Teacher Education : Active learning is an effective way to reach bored students who are not enamored with library lectures. There many approaches and techniques one can use to achieve an active (cooperative) learning environment in class. The linked site today is an article on how one professor is using student experience to teach about teacher education. With a little modification, this could be made into a library lesson plan. Abstract: "Student-sparked discussions of personal teaching experiences can be one of the most powerful learning experiences offered in teacher education courses. Framing practice-based discussions to provide reflective distance on experience and to encourage making connections to theory and research is often a challenge. This article chronicles and analyzes the use of a process of writing case studies as a structure for focusing and enriching discussion of practice within a graduate course on teaching writing to children." Full article at: urlLink http://www.rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/choice3f.htm .

 urlLink Yahoo! Sports Fantasy Football Yes, it is time once again for the NFL season to kick off. That means fantasy football at Yahoo. As usual, I will run two teams in the free public leagues. I will keep with my traditional team names of the Dowling Ninjas and Gweeb's Warriors. I realize I may be one of the few librarians into fantasy football, but I can't help it. It makes football games so much more interesting when I am rooting for players. I will watch games with teams I could care less about because I am hoping a running back will score tons of touchdowns and get big yardage. My LIB 197 class went well yesterday. I introduced my students to LC call numbes and the online catalog. Having them work along with me on computers as I lecture really helps for a better and more attentive group of students.

 urlLink Family Friendly Sites This is a neat directory that will only list sites which are friendly for children. This means the site: 1. Contains no adult-themed or sexually explicit text, images, or photographs. 2. Does not accept advertising for alcohol, tobacco, gambling, or pornography. 3. Does not promote hate, violence or discrimination in any way. 4. Does not promote any illegal substances or activities. 5. Posts and enforces rules in its chat rooms and forums to prohibit sexually explicit language, profanity, and remarks that disparage or ridicule other people. 6. Links only to sites that share the intent of being family-friendly 7. Agrees to remove its family-friendly designation, if the site itself or any of its links no longer meet these criteria. This is a good idea. The directory is somewhat limited and you can never be sure a site will be entirely safe for family viewing. But projects like this are worth trying and supporting.

 urlLink The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers Like most nomal human beings, I was excited to buy the Two Towers on DVD. What a great movie. In particular, the siege of Helms Deep is just a stunning battle sequence and worth watching over and over again. As today is Labor Day in the USA, I will not labor long on a blog entry and spend the time with my family instead. If you have free time, go and rent the Two Towers. Even if you don't like fantasy, you will like this movie.

 urlLink Understanding Information Literacy This is a good overview of information literacy by Barbara Humes. I found this public domain document buried at the US Department of Education website. Apparently, it was no longer deemed current or important as it was archived. Being in the public domain, I copied the text and loaded it at LI.Com. I hope my save of this document will allow many to read and use it. There is other good stuff in the public domain at the DOE site as well but most of it is not a good fit for my library instruction site. I hope others "rescue" these documents by posting them in easier to find spots. From the article by Humes, "We are outfitting our schools, libraries, and homes with electronic technologies--but are we preparing our students and teachers for the onslaught of information that is provided by these technologies? What happens when the student can get more information from the Internet than previously conveyed by a teacher or a textbook? What should a student do when faced with so many informational possibilities? Which of the information is credible and which is not?" Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/infolit.html .

 urlLink LM_NET On The Web This is a list for librarians in the K-12 setting. I joined it so I could send out an announcement for LibraryInstruction.Com. It looks like there is a spam filtering system that requires posts from new subscribers to be approved. Fortunately, my message was considered OK and forwarded to the list. This appears to be a good method for keeping out spam. From the list page, "LM_NET is a discussion group open to school library media specialists worldwide, and to people involved with the school library media field. It is not for general librarians or educators. We want to keep the activity and discussion focused on school library media. But, LM_NET can be used by library media people for many different things- to ask for input, share ideas and information, link programs that are geographically remote, make contacts, etc. We currently have over 14,400 subscribers from at least 64 countries. Conversation on LM_NET should focus on the topics of interest to the school library media community, including the latest on school library media services, operations, and activities. It is a group for practitioners helping practitioners, sharing ideas, solving problems, telling each other about new publications and up-coming conferences, asking for assistance or information, and linking schools through their library media centers." This lists generate about 60 messages a day. If you are into K-12 librarianship, this would be a good list for you to subscribe to get new ideas.

 urlLink NEWS of the WEIRD OK, I'll try to make this my final blog post about this site. Today I used the News of the Weird urlLink lesson plan which is at LibraryInstruction.Com. It went over well with my LIB 197 students although they were a little bemused by the approach but adjusted to it fine and really seemed to enjoy the class assignment. One warning, this is not a good idea for students not in college. Several of the groups decided to try to verify the strange sex stories that were at the site. As most of the reported stories had nothing to do with sex, I was surprised that several groups zoomed in on these. (I guess I shouldn't have been...) These groups of course volunteered to share what they found with the class. The story about the couple arrested in the park for their S&M games was a big class hit.

 urlLink The Smoking Gun Wow, a site that finds embarrassing quotes and actions done by politicians and celebrities. For example, Conan the Republican who is running for Governor of California has an 1970s interview from a sex magazine highlighted. (Don't take it personally Arnold, as a moderate Republican, and someone who likes sex, I would vote for you.) It also has mug shots for actors and others who have been arrested at one point or another. I guess I had better never run for public office. The Smoking Gun would probably find this site and make my life difficult. (And, The Smoking Gun is also a TV show now too. Cool!)

 urlLink TheButterflySite.com Butterfly Award ­ Here is a site that gives an award for family safe sites. While the FamilFriendlySites.com site I blogged the other day is a directory, TheButterFlySite.com is a butterfly site! Despite this, it has its own web award. Here are the listed criteria: "We offer an award to sites that are family-safe, well designed, easy to navigate, and have few pop-up windows. Please submit your name and email, the website name and address, and a brief description. We will review the website, then upon approval, send an invitation to list our award on the site with instructions. Websites that receive our award will also receive a link from TheButterflySite.com under Award Winning Sites." Seems simple enough. As I wrote a few days ago, I like the idea of fidning and identify kid safe sites. Maybe my local public librarian won't censor the Web, but I sure want to be able to censor the web for my kids. Any tool that can help is welcome.

 urlLink Helping Your Child Use the Library Those of us involved in college level instruction often forget that library instruction is done by public librarians, K-12 teachers, and parents. Indeed, parents may be among the best teachers and advocates of library use that a student will ever know. That is what the article linked to today is about. Sample paragraph, "Helping your children to enjoy reading is one of the most important things you can do as a parent and well worth the investment of your time and energy. Kids will learn reading skills in school, but often they come to associate reading with work, not pleasure. As a result, they lose their desire to read. And it is that desire--the curiosity and interest--that is the cornerstone to using reading and related skills successfully. By far the most effective way to encourage your children to love books and reading is to read aloud to them, and the earlier you start, the better. Even a baby of a few months can see pictures, listen to your voice, and turn cardboard pages. Make this time together a special time when you hold your kids and share the pleasure of a story without the distractions of TV or telephones. You may be surprised to find that a well-written children's book is often as big a delight to you as it is to the kids." Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/child.html En Espanol: "Ayudar a sus hijos a disfrutar de la lectura es una de las cosas más importantes que Ud. puede hacer como padre de familia, y es algo que justificará ampliamente el tiempo y el esfuerzo que Ud. le dedique. Los ninos a prenden a leer en la escuela; sin embargo, con frecuencia asocian la lectura con el trabajo más que con el placer. Como resultado, pierden el deseo de leer. Ese deseo--esa combinación de curiosidad y de interés--es precisamente la clave de saber utilizar la lectura y otros conocimientos relacionados con ella." urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/ninos.html

 urlLink 3rd Annual Lilly Conference on College & University Teaching - North Well, I am off to this conference later today. I will be at it until Sunday. I may miss a day or two of blogging depending on if I have Web access or not while I am there. This looks like it will be a good conference. I get to present at the first session on Friday so I will be able to relax and learn right away. My family is coming with me. As Julie probably would find Traverse City confining by herself with two small children, a family friend is coming as well. The four of them should be able to find fun and interesting things to do in Traverse City. This should be a good trip. We are staying at the Park Place Hotel. The ad for the place says that it, "recaptures the spirit of times gone by – the days of simple elegance, when courtesy and etiquette were synonymous with exceptional service." We will see if this is hype or not.

 urlLink Dealing with Cut and Paste Student Plagiarism I am giving a presentation on student plaigriarism early in the morning of Friday at 9:30 am est for the Lilly North Conference. This is a link to my PowerPoint presentation. From site: 'Why do students cheat? Some students do not come to higher education seeking an education. Instead, they want a credential that will get them a job. Learning is not a priority, getting a good job at graduation is." Full presentation at: urlLink http://www.michaellorenzen.com/plagiarism/lilly_files/frame.htm .

 urlLink Working with Adult Learners in the Library Classroom: A Personal Reflection. I know I have focused on school librarianship and teaching children lately in this blog. Today, I will turn this around 180 degrees and talk about teaching adults. This link is to a paper I wrote and placed at LibraryInstruction.Com. It is based on my experiences teaching a non-credit library course for the community at Michigan State University. I write, "I have had the opportunity over the last six years to teach non-traditional students about doing research in libraries. This experience has allowed my to think a great deal about adult learners in contrast to the traditionally aged college students I normally teach. In this paper, I will address my personal observations of adult learning as I understand it from my experience and from the education and library literature. I will also examine my personal pedagogy which I believe is appropriate to these learners. Further, I will look at how pedagogy can depend on the nature of the learner, the nature of the content, and the technology that delivers it." Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/adult.html .

 urlLink Survivor Sucks @ www.ezboard.com Well, the 7th season of Survivor is beginning Thursday night. I will be joining many of my former colleagues at Michigan State University in a Fantasy Survivor League. I have meet many librarians who like this show and just as many who are extremely negative towards it. You either like it or you don't but liking it doesn't mean your are intellectually challenged as some smug academics haughtily imagine. This show is actually rather sophisticated. I wish I could on the show. I'd make a serious run at winning. This Survivor speculation board has had good conversation in past seasons. The participants are quite good at guessing which contestants are likely to be booted next. They rarely nail it right all the time but the posters have good theories that can help narrow the choices down when picking for fantasy points. Supposedly, the show producer (Mark Burnett) frequents this board under various alias to plant false clues and lead people astray. I have threatened to "vote" students out of class before so I guess the show has some "weak" connection to information literacy. :]

 urlLink Faculty Use of Electronic Library Resources Are your faculty using all the neat and expensive electronic databases you are buying for them to use? Not only do we want the faculty to use this stuff but we want them to teach the students to use it too. There is a recent article on this topic at AEQ by Paula Barnett-Ellis and Luke Griffin. The abstract reads, "This study examined the use of electronic library resources by teaching faculty to determine which were important to them. Survey responses show the resources faculty members used most often or plan to use, and those they don’t use or don’t plan to use. Results indicate the library needs to increase faculty awareness of resources beyond the library’s online catalog and periodical databases. Faculty members indicated the need for training in the use of resources with which they are less familiar and the need to publicize these resources. The survey was conducted at Jacksonville State University, Jacksonville, Alabama." Unfortunately, the full article is not available online. You will need to hunt down the Fall 2003 (Volume 7, Issue 3) issue of Academic Exchange Quarterly . It is well worth doing. Most libraries would benefit by subscribing anyway. ILL is always an option too.

 urlLink Michael Lorenzen - Wikipedia While playing with my name on Google, I found this page. (I know I am not the only person who Googles himself...) I had no idea that I warranted a Wikipedia article. It is unsigned (as are most Wikipedia articles) so I am not sure who put it up. It is kind of eerie. Someone took the time to do a little research on me. I am also unsure how it is decided that someone is a leader in a field...

 urlLink Rich Lowry: The ideological librarians Or, "Kill the Librarians." There are dangers for the librarian profession to be seen as leftist. (Of course, seen is a weak term, the librarian profession is leftist.) Consider the following quotes: "That this is so is mostly the work of the American Library Association, which is doing for librarians what teachers unions have done for teachers: making an otherwise worthy profession seem a blight on the republic." and "A June meeting of the ALA provided an important clue of the organization's real priorities. It declined to pass a resolution -- even a tepid one -- supporting 14 jailed independent librarians in Cuba. These true martyrs to the free circulation of reading material held little interest for the ALA, since they are anti-Castro instead of anti-Ashcroft. Some ALA members even questioned whether the 14 are "true" librarians. Good point -- how can they be, unless their top priority is bashing the Bush administration?" What can we expect? We talk about intellectual freedom and balance but as a profession we always tend to take up left wing causes. It is OK to bash Israel, George Bush, and those who support filtering pornography (and any librarian who deviates from the PC view) but God forbid we ever try to balance our stands and fairly represent our communities which tend to have both left, middle, and right wingers present. Is it a surprise that those to the right notice? If history is any indicator, we can fully expect that both left and right wing politicians will be elected in the future across the country. As ALA (and librarians as a whole) are beginning to be seen as one sided agitators for the left, I bet we can expect less attention (and funding) when those to the right are in power. Maybe we can become less predictably leftist? ALA and librarians have valid concerns about the Patriot Act. Many conservatives in fact are having problems with this legislation. But the right will not listen to us if ALA is seen as a lackey to the left. An effort needs to be made to appear more politically neutral so that when librarians speak about intellectual freedom and funding we are not ignored.

 urlLink ALA | Instruction Section Publication Award Read any good library instruction articles lately? Then nominate them for this award. You might help a worthy author get some free recognition. "This annual award recognizes an outstanding publication related to instruction in a library environment published in the preceding two years. Award: A citation presented by the Instruction Section Awards Committee. Criteria: Publications are judged on the basis of relevance to the field of instruction in academic or research libraries, originality, timeliness, and quality of writing. Eligibility: Publications include journal articles, books, book chapters, and published proceedings. Submitted publications may be authored by one or more individuals, a group, organization, or committee. Section publications are not eligible for consideration for the award."

 urlLink Teletubbies -- Bed Game Admit it, your a stressed out librarian and you need a break. Try this Teletubbie game. It always relaxes my oldest son. And me too. Go ahead, give it a try...EH OHH!

 urlLink Loex of the West 2004 Early heads up on this conference. I attended it in 2000 when it was held in Montana. To this day, it is the best conference I have ever attended. Next year, it is being held in Idaho. If you are an instruction librarian at an institution with any travel money, this one is worth attending. The following are themes that you can make a presentation proposal for: "I. Students: Our Greatest Treasure Students present us with a great diversity of learning styles, a variety of cultural identities and differing ethnic and economic backgrounds. How can we create an environment and improve our learning strategies to address the needs of diverse student populations? What is the role of faculty in collaboration? Examples may include library instruction services, library outreach programs, inter-campus liaisons, or community liaison relationships that reach diverse student bodies II. Technology: A Gold Mine Truly innovative technologies present instructional challenges and require new conceptual strategies for developing successful learning environments and curricula. How can librarians manage to effectively and efficiently teach faculty and students about new technological capabilities? Do we begin our instruction where the users are ( googleing ) and painstakingly lead them to our more complex and value added resources (databases)? In light of new and simpler search interfaces do we give up our hierarchical, structured, MARC records so that simple keyword searching finds everything they need? How does the capability to use a single search interface across multiple databases change and shape instruction strategies? Does one strategy have to exclude the other? What is happening with actual person-to-person contact as academic libraries turn more to electronic interfaces? Share how your institution has grappled with these issues and give some practical strategies. III. Assessment: In Search of Quality Knowing a treasure when you've got one isn t always easy. Without quality assessment practices, it is difficult to recognize good work and share accomplishments in a meaningful way. Student-centered assessment measures what and how a student is learning rather than what the teacher is teaching. How do libraries create an environment that fosters collaborative assessment? How are results communicated to campus administrators and decision-makers? Share examples and experiences of the effective implementation of assessment best practices. Also of interest are assessment techniques that accommodate educational, cultural and physical diversity. Papers may focus on one-shot bibliographic instruction, credit instruction, or program assessment. IV. Information Literacy: Discovering Treasures The definitions and standards of information literacy are well established. What creative and useful ways have standards been implemented in your programs? How can libraries actually implement a program that integrates performance standards when librarians so seldom see the end result of their instruction effort? Since library electronic resources have increased substantially, allowing more remote access to the library, has face-to-face contact in the library diminished? What impact does this have on reference and instruction? Instruction and course portfolios, electronic portfolios and instruction program portfolios can detail the evolution of library instruction services. Areas for integration, such as the recent concern over Internet plagiarism, provide avenues to bring information literacy standards into the college and university curriculum. What opportunities have you found for integration at your institution? V. Round Table Discussions: Treasuring One Another This is an opportunity to meet in a small group setting and explore a topic in-depth. Submit a one-page position paper on a topic and include pertinent ideas and discussion questions. The topic may be related to one of the conference theme tracks or the topic may be a library instruction issue that you find to be timely, complex and/or challenging. Think of the roundtables as issues forums and plan to engage from four to a dozen people in conversation and friendly discussion."

 urlLink Dascenzo: The Mighty MAC This was a good football weekend for the Mid-American Conference. Teams from the conference knocked off three top 25 teams. This included Marshall beating Kansas State, Toledo defeating Pitt, and Northern Illinois beating Alabama. Further, Miami of Ohio knocked off Colorada State. Bowling Green barely lost at Ohio State. In previous weekends, Bowling Green beat Purdue, Northern Illinois beat Maryland, and Miami of Ohio beat Northwestern. Off course, when the season ends, the MAC will have exactly two bowl games while other conference have six or seven. Teams that lost to a MAC school will have good bowls while the better MAC teams will be at home with no bowl. It happens every year. However, this year, with all the big upsets indicating that the MAC is a power conference, it seems unfair. And even if a MAC team goes undefeated, they will have no chance at a national title or a big bowl game on New Years Day. The urlLink BCS is a monopolistic system designed to restrain free access to bowls for all qualified teams. It exists purely to assure that teams from big conferences get all the good bowl opportunities and the money that goes with it. I sure wish we could get this system changed. Aren't there any members of congress who went to MAC schools? Or from any of the other small conference schools in Division 1A?

 urlLink Google Technology One of the presentations I attended at the Lilly Conference was a presentation on how to search the Web for education sites. The presenter relied heavily on Google in her presentation. Unfortunately, it became evident (particularly after she was asked this by another attendee) that she did not know how Google ranked sites. As this is important for undertsanding how Google returns results (and a must for any Web lecture to students), I make the Google explanation of how results are organized the blogged site of the day. Writes Google, "Google runs on a unique combination of advanced hardware and software. The speed you experience can be attributed in part to the efficiency of our search algorithm and partly to the thousands of low cost PC's we've networked together to create a superfast search engine. The heart of our software is PageRank™, a system for ranking web pages developed by our founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin at Stanford University. And while we have dozens of engineers working to improve every aspect of Google on a daily basis, PageRank continues to provide the basis for all of our web search tools. PageRank Explained PageRank relies on the uniquely democratic nature of the web by using its vast link structure as an indicator of an individual page's value. In essence, Google interprets a link from page A to page B as a vote, by page A, for page B. But, Google looks at more than the sheer volume of votes, or links a page receives; it also analyzes the page that casts the vote. Votes cast by pages that are themselves "important" weigh more heavily and help to make other pages "important." Important, high-quality sites receive a higher PageRank, which Google remembers each time it conducts a search. Of course, important pages mean nothing to you if they don't match your query. So, Google combines PageRank with sophisticated text-matching techniques to find pages that are both important and relevant to your search. Google goes far beyond the number of times a term appears on a page and examines all aspects of the page's content (and the content of the pages linking to it) to determine if it's a good match for your query. Integrity Google's complex, automated methods make human tampering with our results extremely difficult. And though we do run relevant ads above and next to our results, Google does not sell placement within the results themselves (i.e., no one can buy a higher PageRank). A Google search is an easy, honest and objective way to find high-quality websites with information relevant to your search."

 urlLink Traverse City Convention & Visitors Bureau Well, my trip to the Grand Traverse Bay area was a success. Julie, Stephanie, and my boys had a good time exploring the town and area. I had a successful presentation and I found many of the presentations informative. I had a full house for my lecture on plagiarism. The room was a laptop lab with wireless internet connections. There were only 25 seats so my session was full a few minutes before I started. My lecture went well and I felt I made some good points. I got excellent questions from the audience. They liked my "identify the plagiarized papers" assignment and all the groups nailed the stolen papers quickly. I got high evaluation marks with a few exceptions. (One attendee clearly did not read the program description as he was expecting content I had no intention of covering.) I hope to attend this conference next year. It will also be in Traverse City in September 2004.

 urlLink LOEX 2004 - Call for Proposals It is time for proposals for the 2004 LOEX Conference. This is one of the few conferences geared towards library instruction and my visit to a past conference was worthwhile. (However, the darn thing is in Ypsilanti, Michigan. This is not my idea of a fun conference city.) Start of the call for proposals: "Fundamental shifts in both the digital information environment and the scholarly community challenge instruction librarians continually to revitalize the way instruction programs are designed, delivered, promoted, and integrated into the academic setting. The challenge is especially acute during times of tight budgets when institutions ask hard questions about the value of the educational experience. The goal of library instruction remains constant: to assist users in learning to function well in a dynamic information environment. The way we approach our mission, however may involve significant change. LOEX 2004 will provide opportunity to re-examine the need for library instruction and how library instruction programs can meet that need. LOEX invites all instruction librarians and others involved with or interested in instruction to share their expertise by submitting proposals to speak at one of the conference's breakout sessions." Full call at: urlLink http://www.emich.edu/public/loex/loex2004/proposals.htm .

 Balance in the Media - One topic that comes up in my classes on a regular basis is the bias of the news media. Most of my students are convinced that there is a liberal slant to the news. A few other students have argued the reverse in that they believe the news is slanted to the right. As past studies show that most journalists are to the left politically, I would argue the left bias is more obvious but it is clear that there are ample examples of media bias from both the left and right. A recent book on the left bias is from Bernard Goldberg and it titled urlLink Bias . The blub reads, "Think the media are biased? CONSERVATIVES HAVE BEEN crying foul for years, but now a veteran CBS reporter has come forward to expose how liberal bias pervades the mainstream media. Even if you've suspected your nightly news is slanted to the left, it's far worse than you think. Breaking ranks and naming names, Emmy Award-winning broadcast journalist Bernard Goldberg reveals a corporate news culture in which the close-mindedness is breathtaking, journalistic integrity has been pawned to liberal opinion, and "entertainment" trumps hard news every time. In his three decades at CBS, Goldberg repeatedly voiced his concerns to network executives about the often one-sided nature of the news coverage. But no one listened to his complaints-or if they did listen, they did nothing about the problem. Finally, Goldberg had no choice but to blow the whistle on his own industry, to break the code of silence that pervades the news business. Bias is the result. As the author reveals, "liberal bias" doesn't mean simply being hard on Republicans and easy on Democrats. Real media bias is the result of how those in the media see the world-and their bias directly affects how we all see the world. In Bias you'll learn: -How on issues ranging from homelessness to AIDS, reporters have simply regurgitated the propaganda of pressure groups they favor, to the detriment of honest reporting -The Peter Jennings test for classifying politicians-and how all the networks do it -The network color bar-why so many "victims" on network news stories are blond-haired, blue-eyed, and middle class -How one high-level CBS News executive told Goldberg that of course the networks tilt left-but in the next breath said he'd deny that statement if Goldberg ever went public -One of the biggest stories of our time-and why you probably didn't hear about it on the evening news -How political correctness in network newsrooms puts "sensitivity" ahead of facts -The real Dan Rather-a man who regards criticism of liberal bias as treason. If you ever suspected the network news was shortchanging the truth, Goldberg will not only prove you right, he'll give you a glimpse of just how it's done, and how fairness, balance, and integrity have disappeared from network television. " A recent book on the bias from the right in the media is from Al Franken titled urlLink Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them . A review from Amazon reads, "Having previously dissected the factual inaccuracies of a single bellicose talk show host in Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot, Al Franken takes his fight to a larger foe: President George W. Bush, the Bush Administration, Ann Coulter, Bill O’Reilly, and scores of other conservatives whom, he says, are playing loose with the facts. It's a lot of ground to cover, as evidenced by the 43 chapters in Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them, but the results are often entertaining and insightful. Franken occupies a unique place in the modern political dialogue as perhaps the media's only comedy writer and performer who is also a Harvard fellow as well as a liberal political commentator. This unique and vaguely lonely position lends a charming quixotic quality to adventures such as a tense encounter with the Fox News staff at the National Press Club, a challenge to fisticuffs with National Review Editor Rich Lowry, and an oddly sweet admissions visit to ultra-conservative Bob Jones University (with a young research assistant posing as his son when Franken's real-life son refuses to participate in the charade). Less useful are comic book dramatizations of "Supply Side Jesus" and a fictitious Vietnam War story featuring the numerous righties who, Franken intimates, improperly avoided service. And Franken's criticisms of conservative talk show hosts Sean Hannity, O’Reilly, and columnist Coulter, while admirable in their attention to detail, fail to shed much new light on people who have built careers on broad arguments and relentless self-aggrandizement. But Franken is at his best, and most compellingly readable, when he backs off the wackiness and the personal grudges and writes about more personal matters such as the political circus surrounding the memorial service of the late Senator Paul Wellstone. But even on these more serious topics, Franken's wit is still present and, in fact, grows sharper. In a time when much political discourse is composed of rage and shouting, it's refreshing that Al Franken is able to shout in a witty manner." I think a good lesson plan could be generated by comparing similar chapters in each book. Have the students read the selected chapters in advance and then have a discussion on how the media can frame stories and report on them in biased ways. This would tie into a more general discussion of how information can be presented in twisted ways in print, on TV, and on the Web as well.

 urlLink Library Journal Movers & Shakers Know anyone who is real leader in librarianship that lives in the USA or Canada? If so, check out this page at Library Journal . You can nominate the person to be one of the 50 recognized for 2004. The page reads, "The editors of Library Journal need your help in identifying the emerging leaders in the library world. Our third annual Movers & Shakers supplement will profile 50 up-and-coming people from across the U.S. and Canada who are innovative, creative, and making a difference. Now more than ever, librarians are creating ground-breaking services and collections for their users. But too often the people behind these exciting projects remain out of sight, known only to their peers. Movers & Shakers 2004 will profile people in every sector: school, public, and academic librarians; those working in public and technical services; new managers, systems gurus, and collections visionaries, both MLS librarians and other library workers. We will also identify those outside librarianship who are having an impact on libraries: vendors who have created innovative solutions to enhance services; publishers that work creatively with librarians to encourage reading; and trustees that are a model of leadership. Unlike lifetime achievement awards, those nominated for Movers & Shakers 2004 should be in their early or mid-careers."

 urlLink Library Instruction Outside of North America in the 20th Century. Did you know that librarians outside of North America engaged in library instruction activities? Of course you did. Or you at least suspected as much. Today's blogged link is a literature review of English language sources detailing library instruction programs around the world in the last century. Abstract: "Librarians are teaching in classrooms all over the world. A search of library literature reveals articles on academic library instruction programs in Asia, Oceania, South America, Africa, and Europe. This page will examine the 20th Century literature that explores academic library instruction programs around the world with the exception of those in North America. Only those articles that are written in English from 1901-2000 indexed in ERIC or Library Literature are considered. As such, many relevant articles written in other languages have probably been excluded. This also may explain why some countries that use English as a primary language (Nigeria, New Zealand) are well represented while other non-English speaking countries (France) and regions (South America) are sparsely covered in this literature review." Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/liinternational.html .

 urlLink FindLaw's Writ - Hamilton: Why Suing College Students for Illegal Music Downloading Is the Right Thing To Do I am going to cover copyright today in my LIB 197 class. Since the advent of wide spread music piracy online, teaching about copyright has become a lot easier. I know many of my students steal music and think there is nothing wrong in doing this. Further, many are belligerent towards the music industry. They want MP3 files and they want them for free. Many say they would pay a small fee for the right to do this legally but I am not sure if they really mean it. From the article, "In a society that enjoys the benefit of a strong, enforceable copyright law, it is too easy to forget what life would be like without it. While my son went to space camp in Huntsville, Alabama last week, the rest of us went to Nashville, the home of country music and the Country Music Hall of Fame. The museum is excellent at many different levels, but my favorite element was the film of television clips showing country music over the last 50 years. Now, my mother is from Wyoming and my father from Kentucky, so I was destined to be a country-western music fan. The film brought back a million childhood memories; it also reminded me why copyright is such an absolute necessity. Were it not for copyright's ability to build fences around intangible goods like lyrics and melodies, a performer like Loretta Lynn would not have been able to leave Butcher Holler, Kentucky, and share her gifts with the world. The list of country music stars that have come from humble beginnings is long, and the best country music never forgets its origins. The world would have been a lesser place but for copyright's ability to pave the road for these stars to travel from rags to riches, from hillbilly country to the big lights. The Country Music Hall of Fame gives you a real taste of that story as it displays the humble beginnings of some, as well as the gold-plated piano Priscilla Presley gave to Elvis on their first wedding anniversary. In a culture without copyright, only the rich, or the government-sponsored, could be this culture's full-time creators. Poor artists like Loretta Lynn would have to flip burgers long into their music careers - and might even give up on music entirely. For these reasons, imagining a world without copyright wouldn't just impoverish the musicians. It would also impoverish the museum, the culture, and music itself. If the class of creators were winnowed down to the rich and the government-sponsored, and the free market were thus to be replaced by a patronage system, the ability of art to speak to the American people would dwindle precipitously. Artistic works would cater to elites; classical music might survive, but rock and country would encounter grave difficulties. In the end, then, there is no such thing as cost-free downloading. It may be fiscally free today, but it will cost society dearly in the future." Full article at: urlLink http://writ.news.findlaw.com/hamilton/20030805.html .

 urlLink Peep Research - Information Literacy and Peeps Here is a site that has fun with information literacy. It examines a study which conducted research that shows whether a library visit increases the information literacy skills of peeps. (You know, that really bad Easter candy kind of peep.) It is funny because it is written so seriously. There are lots of great pictures too! From the site, "Although scientific and health research has been conducted on Peeps, most notably that appearing on the Peep Research website (see urlLink http://www.peepresearch.org ), we have noted an absence of research focusing on the ability of Peeps themselves to actually do research. To address this lack, we invited a small group of Peeps to visit Staley Library at Millikin University during the week of March 17-21, 2003 so that we could more closely observe their research practices. This was determined to be an ideal week for the Peeps to visit the library, as Millikin University students were on spring break. The research that follows documents their visit to the library and provides some evaluative commentary on our assessment of Peeps and library usage."

 urlLink Collaboration Between the Library and Business Faculty Working with faculty is important if the librarian is going to have a successful library instruction session with a group of students. The faculty member sets the tone for the instruction. Students will not take the librarian seriously if the faculty member is not supportive and energetic about the library instruction experience. The blogged site of the day refers to relationships between librarians and business faculty. The beginning of the article reads: Abstract: Collaboration between the library and the faculty of an undergraduate Academic institution can be beneficial for business students. This article discusses the experiences of a business librarian and business faculty member who team-taught a course in business research. It covers some of the content and applications of that material in developing students' knowledge and skills in Information Literacy, and includes a limited list of search engines used and a short list of the required outside readings. Background: The importance of critical thinking skills in the undergraduate library experience has been well documented. One popular mode of evaluating critical thinking ability in business schools is to require a student research paper analyzing a company or industry. At Villa Julie College, a small comprehensive college in Maryland, business faculty have developed good working relationships with their librarians, and manage to do a creditable job of incorporating research assignments into course design plans. When students first arrive on campus, they are typically given a brief orientation to the library and its resources, ranging from print materials to electronic. Students often then receive a library instruction session later in their schooling when they are given a research paper assignment. Since a single session may prove to be insufficient for students, library staff may spend considerable individual time with students as they struggle with the assignment, and there may be some disconnection between what the faculty member expects and what they receive. An alternative model in which collaboration between the faculty member and the business librarian extends to team-teaching an entire course on research affords a number of advantages: 1) it removes the onus from the faculty member to spend hours updating his or her skills in business research, since this responsibility resides with the business librarian; 2) the faculty member can step into the role of coach as students work on improving their research and critical thinking skills in the context of the course subject matter; 3) critical thinking and research skills are reinforced throughout the undergraduate experience; and 4) students learn valuable skills that they can take with them into their first professional career experience. Full article at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/mo2294w3.htm .

 urlLink ALA | Resources for Library Instruction I noticed that there is a library instruction resources page up at the new (poorly) designed American Library Association site. The site reads, "This page collects existing Instruction Section resources such as bibliographies, tips and ideas, conference program materials, etc. that may be of use for library instructors and instruction." Right now, that is not a lot here. However, it has the potential to be useful if more content is added. Also, it needs content that is not the result of some ALA committee.

 urlLink Bibliography of Print Resources on Library Instruction Looking for a good bibliography for library instruction papers? I have a large one divided into nine categories at LibraryInstruction.Com. There is an old version of this bibliography located on my old web space at Michigan State but this LI.Com bibliography is the one being updated. Here is the intro page: "This is my collection of print resources for library instruction (AKA bibliographic instruction) that I have collected over the years of my library career. Many have requested copies of this list as it has grown so I have placed it online for easy access. This list makes no attempts at being comprehensive despite the fact it has over 300 items included. I have left off many resources which I haven't had the chance to look at or I didn't think were that great. I have only included resources I have read and I feel make a contribution to understanding library instruction. I also am not trying to be comprehensive. There is no way I can stay on top of everything so I am just adding stuff as I find it. Hopefully, this will still be useful. I have divided this list into nine categories: urlLink History - This grouping is for resources that either are of great significance to the development of library instruction or articles about this history. Many of these articles, written a century ago, would be in a different category had they been written recently. urlLink Assessment & Criticism - This is for written works that attempt to evaluate whether or not library instruction is effective and how to make it better. It also includes articles from critics (some who are quite harsh!) who are evaluating the necessity of library instruction in general. urlLink Active Learning - This category is for resources pertaining to active learning. Many call active learning cooperative learning. urlLink Methods & Theory - Clumped here are all the articles dealing with approaches, methods, ideas, etc. to presenting library instruction. I have left out the bulk of "how-I-do-it-good-at-my-library" articles and concentrated on listing the more scholarly treatments. However, there are some nice "I teach good" articles out there and I have included the particularly well written ones. urlLink International - This category is for resources detailing international (outside of the US) attempts at establishing library instruction programs. urlLink Higher Education, Issues in - This is for articles that deal with issues that come about when library instruction programs are established on campus. urlLink Subject - This large category is for resources dealing with teaching library skills in a specific subject (i.e. nursing, history, philosophy) rather than to a specific student group. urlLink Special Populations - This is for articles detailing how to teach library skills to a specific patron groups (i.e. graduate students, international students, faculty) rather than a specific subject. urlLink Technology - Vague heading (I know!) for articles dealing specifically with library instruction and the Internet, library instruction and online catalogs, etc." urlLink urlLink

 urlLink Battlestar Galactica and Mormonism I have always loved the 70s TV series, Battlestar Galactica . As a boy, I really did think that this was the best show on TV. I still like it a lot and rewatch the original urlLink TV pilot on DVD. The SciFi Channel has remade Battlestar Galactica and I look forward to watching it in December. One aspect of the show which may or may not be incorporated into the remake is the extensive references to Mormonsim in the series. The blogged site of the day reads, "Religion and television directly influence one another. This often is made obvious when television programs openly talk about or are based on religious themes. The same is true when religious figures decry the influence of television on American culture from the pulpit. However, sometimes this connection is not always so obvious. This is made clear by the influence of the Church of Jesus Christ Latter-day Saints (popularly know as the Mormon Church) on the 1970s science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica. The show was heavily based on similarities in plot with the Mormon Church and several of the church's doctrines were incorporated into the series. The topic of Mormonism and Battlestar Galactica has been previously written about (Ford 83-87). This paper will explore some of the issues raised in that article more closely and examine some other issues that were not written about. Ford's examination of the Battlestar Galactica series appears to have been based solely on the key episode "War of the Gods." His lack of knowledge of the series is evidenced by his misspellings of Galactica (as Gallactica) and the character Baltar (as Boltar). Ford also mistakenly places the events in the series in the far future when the series clearly places the story as being contemporary. (See episodes "The Hand of God" and "Galactica Discovers the Earth.") However, Ford's article is worth reading, in particular for his plot synopsis of the episode "War of the Gods." Ford's article also appears to be the only published scholarship on the Battlestar Galactica series. " And reaches it climax with, "Ford wrote about the Mormon influences on Battlestar Galactica that, "these doctrines are generalized and 'philosophied' enough to lose any direct identification with Mormon theology" (Ford 87). However, this does not appear to be the case. No other Christian denomination teaches the doctrines of eternal progression or marriage for eternity. The Mormon belief in man having the potential to advance to godhood in the afterlife is a polytheistic belief that no other mainstream Christian denomination teaches. The elements of Mormonism in Battlestar Galactica are directly identifiable as Mormon. " Full article at: urlLink http://www.michaellorenzen.com/galactica.html .

 urlLink Management by Wandering Around: Reference Rovering and Quality Reference Service Wandering around a library (or a classroom) can tell you a lot about how patrons are using library resources. Is the library a big computer lab or is it primarily used to do research? If you observe patrons when you do reference, teach, or are just walking about, you can learn a great deal which can make you a better instruction and reference librarian. Abstract of blogged site: "Reference rovering is a method for eliminating the barrier of the reference desk which is between the librarian and the patron. This concept very closely parallels the business concept of Management By Wandering Around (MBWA). This paper looks at the literature examining the history and techniques of both MBWA and reference rovering. The techniques for how to conduct reference rovering are explored. Both the advantages and disadvantages of reference rovering are examined." Full article at: urlLink http://www.michaellorenzen.com/mbwa.html .

 urlLink Spam Free Web Search - GoGuides.Org Yet another volunteer editing community that is building a Web directory. Like urlLink Zeal and the urlLink Open Directory Project , editors are building a searchable database of the Web including only good sites. Unlike Zeal and the ODP, no search engines use GoGuides.Org data. The work is mostly in vain. This makes it similar to urlLink Joeant . However, Joeant is better developed. I signed up with GoGuides.Org and I will help to develop the library categories. I'll do what I can to make the Web more user friendly for users. And who can argue with a directory that works hard to kill spam sites? Maybe GoGuides.Org can make it big someday.

 urlLink Do Good Looks Equal Good Evaluations? For the second day in a row, I am blogging a Chronicle article. Here is the meat of the article today: "Daniel Hamermesh, a professor of economics at the University of Texas at Austin, and Amy Parker, one of his students, found that attractive professors consistently outscore their less comely colleagues by a significant margin on student evaluations of teaching. The findings, they say, raise serious questions about the use of student evaluations as a valid measure of teaching quality." "In their study, Mr. Hamermesh and Ms. Parker asked students to look at photographs of 94 professors and rate their beauty. Then they compared those ratings to the average student evaluation scores for the courses taught by those professors. The two found that the professors who had been rated among the most beautiful scored a point higher than those rated least beautiful (that's a substantial difference, since student evaluations don't generally vary by much)." And I thought my good evaluations were based on my teaching ability. Maybe it has been my good looks all along... It is very difficult to assess the impact of library instruction. With mostly one-shot class sessions and few long term relationships with students, determing how well we are teaching library skills usually means nothing more than a survey which we know does not always tell us what we need to know. And behold, the survey may actually be telling us how good looking we are! I guess if I want to see good results for my BI program, I should have only my cute librarians teach. I am not surprised by this research. But I am a little dejected. We try so hard to teach well and the students are more concerned about our looks. I guess teaching a lesson based on this survey would in and of itself be a good lesson for information literacy. After all, it is a big mistake to judge a book, website, potential spouse, car, teacher, etc. by appearance alone.

 urlLink Turning Ph.D.'s into Librarians This article in the Chronicle details how Yale University has a fellowship program which is intended to turn Ph.D. holders into librarians in a year. Note that Yale does not have a library school and that this program does not result in a MLS degree. This bothers me. Check out the following paragraph from the article: "What is so important about this new program is that it opens up a library career to Ph.D.'s after only a year of training in an academic library. The union card for library positions has always been the master's of library science (M.L.S.), and for Ph.D.'s that has traditionally meant two additional years of study and expense after completion of the Ph.D. Understandably, library professionals have mixed opinions about a shortcut for Ph.D.'s that bypasses a library degree. Some are pleased that this shortcut will bring more needed Ph.D.'s into the library, and others are worried that these Ph.D.'s will lack crucial knowledge about how libraries work." Bothered? You had better believe it. As a profession are we really going to undercut ourselves by saying OK to this? I am going to say no. If I am on a search committee and a "graduate" of the Yale Fellowship program applies, the applicant will be sorted right into the rejected "does not have an MLS" pile with the other librarian wannabees who think an advanced degree and a "love of reading" will get them in. Perhaps Yale should pursue ALA certification and start offering an approved MLS? How unfair to these Ph.D. holders who really believe the Yale program will get them library jobs. Most libraries just are not going to hire these folks in roles as librarians.

 urlLink Information Literacy and Teacher Education If all K-12 teachers would instruct their students in information literacy, those of us in higher education would have an easier time. Think of how easy library instruction would be with information literate students! What a wonderful world... Others have noted this as well. Here is the first paragraph of today's blogged site, "Critical thinking skills, problem solving, decision making: both the popular and professional literature use these phrases in reporting on skills that the K-12 curriculum must provide to equip students for the 21st century. All three of these phrases refer to cognitive skills that are necessary to create new knowledge and to learn how to learn. A recognition that learning how to learn is fundamental to economic and personal success in the information age has been cited by sources as diverse as Alvin Toffler and the Secretary's Commission on Achieving Necessary Skills (SCANS) and Goals 2000 reports (Doyle, 1994). This ability to learn how to learn is a key characteristic of those who are information literate; i.e., those who "know how to learn because they know how knowledge is organized, how to find information, and how to use information in such a way that others can learn from them" (American Library Association [ALA], 1989, p. 2). If teachers are to use information so that others can learn from them, then teachers must be information literate. This Digest will discuss the concept of information literacy (the ability to access, evaluate, and use information from a variety of sources) and its relevance for teachers." Full article is at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/information-lit.html .

 urlLink Satellite TV As I have been deprived of watching my favorite football teams on TV lately, I have gotten interested in satellite TV. I am not ready to pay for it yet but I have found some good information on it. Here is the beginning of an article I have blogged on satellite TV. "Satellite television is television delivered by way of orbiting communications satellites located 37,000 km (22,300 miles) above the earth's surface. The first satellite television signal was relayed from Europe to the Telstar satellite over North America in 1962. The first domestic North American satellite to carry television was Canada's Anik 1, which was launched in 1973. Satellite television, like other communications relayed by satellite, starts with a transmitting antenna located at an uplink facility. Uplink satellite dishes are directed toward the satellite that its signals will be transmitted to, and are very large, as much as 9 to 12 meters (30 to 40 feet) in diameter. The increased diameter results in more accurate positioning and improved signal reception at the satellite. The signal is transmitted to devices located on-board the satellite called transponders, which retransmit the satellite signal back towards the Earth at a different frequency. The satellite signal, quite weak after travelling through space, is collected by a parabolic receiving dish, which reflects the weak signal to the dish's focal point and is received, down-converted to a lower frequency band and amplified by a device called a low-noise block downconverter, or LNB (Direct broadcast satellite dishes use an LNBF, which integrates the feedhorn with the LNB)."

 urlLink TILT - Texas Information Literacy Tutorial This is a nice information literacy tutorial. It has a straight content version as well as a media rich version that requires plug-ins. What is really great is that there is an Open License for this tutorial. This means you can take TILT and create you own version of it for your students. You can keep it as it is and place your own name on it or change what you don't like. This a great and a wonderful way to share an information literacy resource. Here is the first part of the Open License: "The Open Publication works may be reproduced and distributed in whole or in part, in any medium physical or electronic, provided that the terms of this license are adhered to, and that this license or an incorporation of it by reference is displayed in the reproduction. All modified versions of documents covered by this license, including translations, anthologies, compilations and partial documents, must meet the following requirements: The modified version must be labeled as such. The person making the modifications must be identified and the modifications dated. Acknowledgement of the original author and publisher must be retained according to normal academic citation practices. The location of the original unmodified document must be identified. The original author's (or authors') name(s) may not be used to assert or imply endorsement of the resulting document without the original author's (or authors') permission. Proper form for an incorporation by reference is as follows: Copyright (c) year by author's name or designee. This material may be distributed only subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the TILT Open Publication License (the latest version is presently available at http://tilt.lib.utsystem.edu/yourtilt/). " Full text of license at: urlLink http://tilt.lib.utsystem.edu/yourtilt/agreement.html .

 urlLink SI.com - NCAA Football - BGSU hands No. 12 NIU its first loss - Saturday October 25, 2003 7:34PM Ok, this has nothing to do with information literacy or library instruction. (At least not directly anyway. I am sure I could make a lesson plan based on this game...) But, as a graduate of BGSU, and a native of Wood County Ohio, I am thrilled by Bowling Green's football win over #12 Northern Illinois. Go Falcons! I hope BGSU wins the MAC and gets a bowl game. From CNN, "BOWLING GREEN, Ohio (AP) -- Josh Harris threw for 438 yards and three touchdowns as No. 23 Bowling Green handed 12th-ranked Northern Illinois its first loss of the season, 34-18 on Saturday. Harris was nearly unstoppable, breaking his career high for passing yards in what might have been the biggest Mid-American Conference ever. Only once before -- in 1973 -- had two MAC teams ranked in the Top 25 met in the regular season. The Huskies (7-1, 3-1 MAC) were just one of four unbeaten teams in major college football coming into the week and were 10th in the first BCS standings." Full article at: urlLink http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2003/football/ncaa/10/25/northernil.bowlinggreen.ap/index.html .

 urlLink Directory of Online Resources for Information Literacy (DORIL) Although this site is a little dated in spots, this is an excellent place to look for good online resources relating to information literacy. DORIL recently changed hands and Mark Dibble at the University of South Florida is now managing the directory. It is organized into 12 sections: - Assessment - Bibliographies and Webographies - Conferences - Definitions - Electronic Mailing Lists - Information Literacy Plans - The Information Literacy Process - Organizations and Projects - Papers and Presentations - Programs in Higher Education - Programs in K-12 Education - Tutorials I am sure if you visit the site you will find something interesting and worthwhile.

 urlLink Designs for Active Learning : I recently looked this book over and liked it a lot. If you use (or our thinking of using active learning in your classroom) this book would be worth buying. Here is an Amazon review of the book: "This practical book for instruction librarians provides 54 active learning exercises useful for planning library instruction ranging from one or more classroom instruction sessions to full-semester library credit courses. Coverage includes exercises on basic library skills, online searching, resource evaluation, and discipline-oriented library instruction, all provided by practitioners in college and university libraries. Each exercise includes an introductory description, level of activity (e.g., basic, intermediate, advanced), time required, size of class, preparation needed, class instructions, and discussion, with appropriate handouts. A 3.5" disk (using Microsoft Word 6.0) accompanying the book contains the handouts, forms and teaching aids illustrated in the book, so that the exercises are readily adapted for local use. The book includes an introductory essay on active learning in library instruction and a list of selected readings. The style is clear and easy to follow, providing instruction librarians with usable examples of how to incorporate active learning techniques to improve library instruction."

 urlLink Using Outcome-Based Education in the Planning and Teaching of New Information Technologies. Regardless of the lesson plan you use, if students can't conduct library research when you are done teaching them, you wasted your time. The same goes for information literacy. An informationally literate student who can't actually use a library resource is going to have problems. That is why library instruction needs to address the need at hand. What does the student need to know to do this assignment? All the glitz and information literacy instruction can be heaped on after your done with that important task. One method of teaching which uses a successful outcome as a baseline for instruction is outcome-based education. Today's linked site related OBE to library instruction. It starts, "A considerable amount of work needs to be done when selecting new information technologies. From deciding which technology to use to dealing with the vendor's license agreement, a great deal of effort is expanded by library administrators. However, two important and crucial areas that are often overlooked are considering what outcomes a library wants from a new information technology and planning to introduce and teach library patrons how to use the new information resource. It is pointless to purchase an information technology unless it is used effectively by the patrons of a library. A variety of approaches can be taken when designing the curriculum of a library instruction program. Most of these approaches can be traced back to current pedagogical practices that are being advocated by the education profession. One current educational approach which has not received a lot of attention by librarians is outcome-based education (OBE). This approach is highly relevant to libraries planning on introducing new information technologies to patrons as it ties in closely to the goals of library instruction, and to a lesser degree, reference services." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/obe.html .

 urlLink God's Choice: The Total World of a Fundamentalist Christian School by Alan Peshkin I wrote a review of this book several years ago on a private fundamentalist school. I posted it on the Web and I get two kinds of feedback from it. First, those who dislike private schooling think I have to much admiration for Bethany Baptist Academy. Second, I get e-mail from those in the private school business because I actually question (and hence am of course ignorant in their view) some aspects of fundamentalist schooling. I stand by my review as fair. This type of schooling, as described by Alan Peshkin, fills a real need by some to get the education they want for their children. It may also cause problems for society. Excerpt from review: "Although there are some limits, most laws ultimately uphold the right of the parent to decide what is best for their own children. This exercise in parental involvement has lead many to home school children, send their kids to private schools, and more recently lead to the development of charter schools. It is no surprise that Fundamentalist Christians are exercising their parental rights to educate their children in ways that fit their cultural views. The public schools are not supportive of the fundamentalist way of life. In many ways, public education is open and willing to embrace every form of diversity in the world with the exception of western religion. Further, it teaches many things such as situational ethics and evolution, which the fundamentalists view as being diametrically opposed to their beliefs. Attempts to get public schools to address their concerns are usually unsuccessful and often result in the petitioning party being portrayed as a right wing zealot or nut by the teachers and local media. It is no wonder that fundamentalists consider the curriculum of schools to be a religion in and of itself called secular humanism' and their withdraw from public education seems to be a rational response to this hostile religion." Full review at: urlLink http://www.libraryreference.org/peshkin.html .

 urlLink Extending School-to-College Programs to the Community College The transition to college from high school is a difficult one for many students. Most 4 year schools have programs which help students with this stessful time. Librarians have long recognized this critical first year as well. Some of the most effective library instruction we do is in the first year. These programs are especially helpful for students we know to be historically at-risk. Today's blogged site looks at how this sort of program can be extended to community colleges. The article begins: "Each year, many special high school-to-college programs help youth attend college. Typically these programs target 'at risk' students- the underprivileged, minorities, or the academically challenged. Some programs are funded by private sources; others use public funds. Educators from more than 180 countries attending a U.N. meeting affirmed that more people need postsecondary education to be sufficiently skilled (Murray, 1999). Peter Drucker (1995) agreed when he said, “knowledge has become the key resource for a nation’s military and economic strength” (p. 37). School-to-college programs acknowledge the need for postsecondary training and provide increasing access to college as the way of extending opportunity for all (Tierney & Hagedorn, 2002). Although there is almost universal agreement on the need for postsecondary education, access to and success in college are not widespread and remain highly correlated with race, socioeconomic status, and other demographic statistics unrelated to student effort, goals, or true ability. America’s schools face difficulties in serving increasingly diverse groups of students. According to the latest census, 40% of those under the age of 18 are African American, Asian American, Hispanic, American Indian, or another “minority” (U.S. Census Bureau, 2000). Despite years of federal aid and promising strategies, students enrolled in the country’s low-income schools continue to lag behind in most measures of academic success (Levine, 1996)." Full article at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/mo2402j3.htm .

 urlLink Caldecott Award. As an academic librarian, I don't have a lot of training or experience with children's books. However, as a father of two sons, I am learning. My favorite books is Where the Wild Things Are . I just can't resist that part the goes, "We'll eat you up we love you so." I reach down and kiss my boys each time I get to that part. The blogged site of the day has some ideas on how to teach students about Caldecott Award winning books. Some listed ideas: 1. Hold a Caldecott Award party. Have the children read winning books by themselves and with each other. Have the teacher or librarian read a favorite winner or two. Decorate the library or classroom to fit a theme. Imagine a "Where the Wild Things Are" theme! 2. Have a Caldecott Award alcove in your library or classroom. Have all the past winning books on the shelve. Explain to students, parents, and patrons why these books are important. Encourage that they be checked out and read. 3. Assign each student in a class or reading group one of the Caldecott Award books. Make sure each child has a different book. Have them report back to the class or group about the book the student read at a latter date. 4. Have a costume day based on one of the Caldecott Award books. Again, "Where the Wild Things Are" would be great for this theme. However, other books that have won the award would work good as well. Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryreference.com/caldecott.html .

 urlLink Fostering Information Literacy : Yet another recent find of a good information literacy book. Here is a review of the book from School Library Journal : The authors' purpose is to offer library media specialists strategies "-to convince teachers that information literacy is not `something extra' to be taught in addition to their normal curriculum but is an attitude, a process-that can be introduced and encouraged while subject matter is being learned." A meshing of information-literacy standards with content-area standards, model lesson plans and reproducible transparencies, and exceptional annotated source notes and additional reading lists provide the necessary help for initiating staff development. Administrators who provide materials and personnel that allow for flexible scheduling, and library media specialists who act as instructional leaders and agents of change are identified as essential elements. Although evaluation modes are underscored, the one missing element is a clear-cut, strong statement regarding the administrators' need to evaluate classroom teachers regarding their effective use of and collaboration with the total library media program. LMSs can only offer services and assistance. It is this evaluation process that is a key component to success. Still, this book is to the point and useful.-M. Ellen Jay, Damascus Elementary School, MD I think the review is a bit harsh at the end but I am also not a school librarian so I won't judge the validity of the review. I think this book is worth looking at by librarians at many levels. The ideas in the book may be written for school librarians but much of the content can be translated for other settings.

 urlLink Michigan Library Association Conference Short post today as I am at the Michigan Library Association Conference in Lansing. I am not presenting this year so I can devote myself to professional development and fun. I plan on hitting sessions on government data, project management, and new fiction. I will also hear the special speakers at the keynote and closing speeches today and Friday.

 urlLink Several Ideas to Help 4th Grade Students Learn About the Library. Here is a lesson plan from urlLink LibraryInstruction.Com . I am including the entire lesson here with permission. It gives some good examples how to teach elementary school students library concepts. It was written by Maxine Bonneau. Lesson: "When my 4th grade students go to their weekly library class, I have a set topic for them to investigate. In September, with the Rocks & Minerals unit, they each pulled out two pieces of paper at random and looked up a rock and a mineral or gem in the encyclopedias. Another lesson had them look up Pilgrims and Native Americans to read about the first Thanksgiving for a play they were to write themselves. (We put it on the day before Thanksgiving in four acts!) Another great search was for famous composers. Once again, I had them pick two composers from a basket of names. They had to take notes on the composers, making sure they had a famous work (or works,) the birth & death dates, the country of origin, and what kind of instruments they played, if possible. After they had gathered the info from Encyclopedias and non-fiction books, they wrote reports of two paragraphs each on each composer. One paragraph about the composer's life, the other about their music. Then they created posters about them and presented them to the class. Next, we'll be researching Thailand for our upcoming International Day. Our school library is limited, so I encourage the students to visit the public library and get library cards. I give 5 bonus points to students who show me their library cards. The month of Jan. will also be their month for reading a biography for a book report. The book can be found at school or in the public library. This is a good time to introduce the Dewey Decimal System, showing them the categories and locating which category would include a biography about a famous person. The internet research sites such as Yahooligans, etc. can provide additional places for research and opportunities to print out pictures, maps, etc. for reports. The ed. sites show them how to locate appropriate categories and how to narrow down the search. The Encyclopedia Index book is invaluable for this search also. And they also have an incentive for exploring the card catalog to find their assigned topics I give them from each unit. The whole concept of a search mission or a mystery location adventure all add to the excitement of discovering the information they need to add to the class' understanding. We're all in the hunt together." Source: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/4thgrade.html .

 urlLink Teaching the Novel and Short Fiction This is a call for manuscripts for Academic Exchange Quarterly . It is seeking articles on teaching students about novels and short fiction. Many librarians work with classroom faculty at both the secondary and post-secondary level to do this. I hope there are some librarians out there who would feel like writing an article on their work in teaching novels. CFP full-text: Focus: If we consider the novel as a narrative in prose dealing with people and their actions in a certain time and in a certain space, all of which conveys a certain vision on the part of the author; if we utilize close reading of verb tenses, adjectives, phrases in apposition, choice of nouns, point of view, and so forth to focus on even only one of the defining aspects of the genre, we can forge a host of questions related to the central issues and interconnecting elements of possibly any great novelist's work. But that is just one way that I try to approach the many challenges we all face when trying to teach the novel, regardless of the language in which we may read and discuss it with our students. This issue is devoted to various practical and theoretical proposals that enable the teaching of the novel to be a genuinely meaningful and effective educational experience for students and instructors. Who May Submit: Manuscripts are sought from those whose experiences, methods, and assessments in the high school or college classroom have produced meaningful ways to teach the novel, whether in the traditional classroom, through on-line courses, or a combination of class meetings and web-based work. There is no restriction on the source language of the works and approaches that could be discussed, but I hope that submitted manuscripts will focus on ideas, practices, and suggestions that, while occasionally unique to a foreign language or English classroom, might also transcend the possible advantages and limitations of teaching the novel in any given language. Manuscripts devoted to the challenges of teaching short fiction are also invited. Please identify your submission with keyword: NOVEL Submission deadline: Regular deadline: any time until the end of August 2004. All accepted submissions will be published in this Winter issue, December. Full details at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/4novel.htm .

 urlLink The International Directory - www.skaffe.com There appears to have been a dispute over at the volunteer editing community Goguides.org. A new site (Skaffe.com) featuring the work of the GoGuide editors has emerged. Many of the editors at GoGuides seem to have moved over to Skaffe.com. The fate of the original GoGuides site is uncertain. As volunteer edited directories are important in helping users navigate the Web, this development is troubling. Yet, perhaps two strong directories will emerge where there used to be only one. The more sites that return results based on relevance and not advertising, the better web searchers are. Other volunteer created directories include the urlLink Open Directory Project , urlLink Zeal , and urlLink Joeant . These are all more stable than GoGuides and their results can be found influencing search engines all over the Web including Google.

 urlLink SUNY CLD Information Literacy Initiative -- Bibliograpy It is Sunday night and I don't feel like blogging. However, here is a nice and manageable list of good reads for information literacy. It is only 20 items so you could probably read them all. The drawback is that the list is from 1997. Doesn't anyone know how to do an occasional update?

 urlLink Despair, Inc. I have always been a fan of Dilbert. Even though I am now in middle management, I still appreciate the truths the strip uncovers and makes evident. (Although decisions that seem dumb to you make sense when you have all the secret facts which usually can't be discussed!) Despair Inc. sells products to inspire people to be there worst at work. Here is a quote from the site: "For longer than most can remember, motivational speakers, authors and publishers have inspired and delighted us by championing the idea that within each person exists virtually unlimited potential. At Despair, Inc., we agree wholeheartedly- and helping others to unleash their hidden potentials remains our singular obsession. Think about it- what hidden potentials exist within YOU? Perhaps you're a wholly reasonable person, with the potential to become an irrational fool? Perhaps you're a team player, with a potentially argumentative loner lurking about inside you? Or perhaps you're a dreamer, within whom lives a potentially disillusioned grouse, simply waiting to take flight on the wings of bitterness?" What a great idea! "You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor." This quote is framed with a great pyramid in the background. Should I buy this and post it on my door? Would my librarians mind?

 urlLink High School Students and Their Use of the Web for Research Wonder how high school students are using the Web for research? If you are a school library media specialist at the high school level, you probably already know. If you work in academia, you will find out soon. The blogged site today discusses a study on high school students and their use fo the Web for research. It reads: "The emergence of the World Wide Web has created another information resource for conducting research. The World Wide Web is a wonderful tool for individuals and organizations that want to reach large numbers of people. It is also a great resource for finding information on current events. However, the lack of traditional gate keeping that print material has used to filter information, such as editors and peer reviewing, is for the most part missing on the World Wide Web. This puts the users of the Web in the position of having to be their own gatekeepers of information. This has presented challenges in particular to students who are trying to find scholarly or factual information on the Web who are not necessarily able to evaluate the information they find. More bothersome is the fact that many students are not aware of proper methods of evaluating the Web and may not be aware that they need to do so. A study was conducted in the Spring of 2000 of a group of high school students. The study consisted of interviewing students about how they used the World Wide Web to find information for school assignments. In particular, the students were asked how they went about finding information and how they knew if the information they found on the Web was scholarly or factual. It was hoped that the results of this study would help school, public and academic librarians understand how high school students use the Web in research. School and public librarians are dealing with this group now. Within a few years, all of the high school students in the United States will be of college age. This means that academic librarians will be dealing with Web evaluation skills of these students soon. By understanding how high school students evaluate the Web, it will help academic librarians prepare to deal with the research needs of the students. The results of the study indicated that while high school students are still using libraries, they are also using the Web and their ability to evaluate the information they find on the Web is weak." Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/confusion.html .

 urlLink ROTC : Do you work with ROTC students? I know I have given library instruction sessions for ROTC classes before. I am sure others have as well. This theme of AEQ deals with ROTC students and I am guessing a librarian who wrote up his/her experiences teaching information literacy skills to future military officers would have a good shot at being accepted for publication. Here is the first part of the CFP: Focus: This issue of the Academic Educational Quarterly examines the theoretical and practical aspects of character development, i.e., critical thinking, ethical decision-making and life-long learning, as they are explained, taught and developed in a military setting. The issue will also highlight the concepts of JROTC, ROTC, and military education at Service Academies as vehicles for successfully internalizing character development and how these applications can be used in public education and society at large. Manuscripts are also sought that report on quantitative or qualitative evaluations of special needs/pressures faced by educators in a military setting. Who Should Submit: Faculty, Staff, Military Educators, Officers, and Instructors who have taught and/or have had experience teaching students/military officers are invited to submit manuscripts. Please identify your submission with keyword: ROTC Full CFP at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/rotc.htm .

 urlLink Instruction Clearninghouse (OhioLINK/ALAO) This is a nice collection of library instruction resources maintained by the Academic Library Association of Ohio. While it has not been updated in a year, most of the material presented still looks valuable. Resources include training scripts (lesson plans), handouts, tutorials, database handouts, pathfinders, and links to class pages and mission statements for information literacy. Many the resources are available in both Word or PDF downloads. Even if you are not using the same databases, these tools are helpful in that they can give you ideas for lessons or handouts. And if you are using some of the same resources, your work is almost done. This is a good site and I hope ALAO continues to maintain and update it.

 urlLink Napster.com It's back! And it is legal this time. The file sharing pioneer service is back with tunes. Customers can dowload song tracks for .99 cents. This is cheap and affordable. Being able to legally download music for less than a dollar a tune should encourage many users to stop pirating. I downloaded a few songs I wanted. I couldn't find a few others. The Napster library needs to expand. The fate of Napster will make for some good class discussion points. If it makes it, we can lecture about how copyright and intellectual property are important and are preserved in the new Web world. If Napster goes belly up, we can lecture on how creativity is being stiffled by piracy. Either way and we have a good example to discuss copyright with our students.

 urlLink The Lost Roanoke Colony Information literacy can be explored in the classroom by examining history. The mysteries of history can work well for this. One example is the Roanoke Colony and how it vanished back in the late 16th Century. Many theories have been advanced as to what happened to it and none can be proven. A lesson plan could be developed addressing the importance of information literacy skills in historical research. Here is a passage from the blogged site of the day regarding the Roanoke Colony: "It was not until 1959 that a theory was openly agreed upon by a group of historian and scholars. They theorized that the colony did go to the Croatan village and may have been assimilated into the tribe. It was possible that they later moved to one of two areas; the Chesapeake Bay area or the Chowan River area. They also agreed that there was the possibility that the group disbanded. If the colonists did not go to the Croatan village, it was surmised that they were attacked by the Powhatan and the women and children were taken captive. Of course, some people also believe space aliens are too blame. However, no credible evidence has been presented to verify this theory. However, the panel did not agree on one solid theory because they lack any physical evidence. These few possibilities may be as close as anyone will get to an answer." Full article at: urlLink http://www.libraryreference.org/roanoke.html .

 urlLink ERIC Digests I know I blogged the ERIC lesson plan site the other day. However, I thought I would point out the ERIC Digest site. This page has links to several thousand ERIC Digests dating back to the early 80s. There is a search box that allows the user to search it all without needing to conduct any tedious browsing. A search on information literacy returns dozens of results. Some of the hits are recent. Some are old. All of them have interesting content (with definitions, program descriptions, literature reviews) and are worth wading through. ERIC Digest are in the public domain. From the Eric site, "ERIC Digests are in the public domain and may be freely reproduced and disseminated, but please acknowledge your source." You can freely share the information you find in print, e-mail, or web form. I have taken several of these digests and reproduced them full-text at urlLink LibraryInstruction.Com . In addition to information literacy, try searching for library instruction, libraries, library education, library, and librarians as these terms also reveal some good content.

 urlLink What Should Parents Know About Information Literacy? This is a page designed to help parents understand the importance of information literacy for their children. It gives a definition of information literacy and offers suggestions to help kids be more information literate. This page is adapted from a public domain ERIC book. First paragraph: "You have probably noticed that the way students research and discover information has changed tremendously since you were a child. Students now have more ways than ever to find information for their schoolwork and their daily lives. With so many different resources available, students today need special skills—the skills of information literacy—to seek out information and to understand, evaluate, and apply what they find. Increasingly, it is more crucial—and more difficult—to be able to filter out information that is biased or unnecessary and weave together a vast amount of relevant information. The extent to which your children master these skills when they are young will have a significant effect on their quality of life as adults. This brochure explains the concept of information literacy, shows why information literacy is important for your children, describes how you can help your children become information literate, and directs you to additional resources." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/parents.html .

 urlLink AskERIC Lesson Plans If you haven't visited this site, it is worth a look. This is ERIC's collection of donated lesson plans. There are lessons here in several areas including arts, health, science, philosophy, and social studies. Of note to this blog is the collection of information literacy lesson plans. They all deal with library skills or web searching. There are lesson here for adults as well as plans for elementary students. Note from the site: "This collection contains more than 2000 unique lesson plans which have been written and submitted to AskERIC by teachers from all over the United States and the world. Contributions from individuals are essential to the collection; it is how it grows! If you have a great lesson plan you would like to share, please send it to us. Our lesson plans are also included in GEM, which links to over 25,000 online education resources."

 urlLink National Forum on Information Literacy This site has lots of information relating to information literacy. It lists upcoming programs and meetings, offers publications, provides information literacy definitions, and includes a member list. It appears to be a good site for those interested in information literacy. Here is a blurb from the index page: "The National Forum on Information Literacy was created in 1990 as a response to the recommendations of the American Library Association's Presidential Committee on Information Literacy. These education, library, and business leaders stated that no other change in American society has offered greater challenges than the emergence of the Information Age. Information is expanding at an unprecedented rate, and enormously rapid strides are being made in technology for storing, organizing, and accessing the ever-growing tidal wave of information. The combined effect of these factors is an increasingly fragmented information base, a large component of which are available only to people with money and/or acceptable institutional affiliations. In the recent past, the outcome of these challenges has been characterized as the digital divide."

 urlLink Information Literacy Toolkit: Meeting the Challenge of a Large Research University Here is the abstract of a nice information literacy article which is online at Academic Exchange Quarterly . Abstract: "The University of Minnesota's Information Literacy Toolkit was developed as a means to scale-up an information literacy initiative for a campus enrollment of over 46,000 students, including a large segment of distance and online learners. A collaborative team of librarians, instructional designers, interface designers, web programmers, and faculty are responsible for its creation and ongoing development. While the Toolkit delivers numerous self-guided tools in the hands of learners, it also provides instructors and librarians with an efficient means to develop customized learning resources in a time of expanding availability of information resources and more complex information access." This article is by John T. Butler and Jerilyn R. Veldof of the University of Minnesota and it appeared in the Winter 2002 (Volume 6, Issue 4) in Academic Exchange Quarterly . Article at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/mo2234z02.htm .

 urlLink NoIndoctrination.org This site exists for students who feel that they are being indoctrinated by the courses and activities they are taking or are participating in. It gives them a forum to report what is happening in the hopes that intellectual freedom for students who disagree with the dominant "politicaly correct" left leaning academia can be protected. Quote from site: "Universities in a free society should be places where open minds can flourish and examine ideas from a variety of reasoned perspectives. In recent years, however, sociopolitical agendas often drive the discourse - supplanting, suppressing, and ultimately excluding alternative views. NoIndoctrination.org provides a forum for college students to report courses and programs that in their opinion contain severe bias or amount to indoctrination. If you believe you have experienced courses or orientation programs that advance one-sided social or political ideologies, denigrate alternative views, or create an intimidating atmosphere for expressing diverse opinions, please post your experiences here (and, if possible, send corroborating material). The information we gather will help us in our mission to promote open inquiry in academia." I remember from my undergrad days that certain folks (often the professor or TA) would accuse and attempt to humiliate any conservative student who had the audacity to speak up. These students were called racists, sexists, homophobes, facists, etc. Some things never change. This might be a good topic for any course examining information literacy and intellectual freedom. Does diversity also include the views of people who see issues differently than you? Do students with right wing views deserve the same respect and courtesy that student with leftist views receive? You might be surprised with the firestorm this seemly simple question can ignite.

 urlLink Information Literacy Toolkit Here is another good book on information literacy that school librarians should check out. This is a review from School Library Journal : "The move from textbook to resource-based learning has created a new way of thinking about research skills for both librarians and teachers. This book provides three levels of information-literacy proficiency, and presents a process approach to teaching skills. Reading the national school-library standards is the beginning, but implementation requires planning, and this book provides the tools to achieve this transformation. An accompanying CD-ROM allows librarians to create a comprehensive, cohesive, and sequentially developed school-based information-literacy program. It allows librarians to enter teachers' names, units to be planned, and dates. Part one defines the six stages of the information-literacy process and shows the progression of skills for each stage across grade levels. Part two focuses on individual grades. It can provide the basis for collaboration between librarians and teachers. The systematic planning is one method for determining that all skills are covered for each grade level. Part three includes the teaching tools applicable across grade and curriculum units. Photocopying is permitted for use within a school, providing that the publisher's source line appears on each page. A must for school librarians."

 urlLink ERIC Reauthorization News I have blogged several ERIC sites lately. Unfortunately, it appears like ERIC as we know it is dying. Thanks to Kate Corby at Michigan State University for this ERIC update site. It looks like the ERIC Clearinghouses will die on December 19th of this year. From the site: "The ERIC Clearinghouses will come up for reauthorization this year. The part of the Department of Education that oversees them is being completely reorganized. There is nothing in the new legislation that assures that the current system will be maintained. Since the Clearinghouses are the entities that construct the ERIC database, this has implications for the content and accessibility of the database. Additionally, a focus on scientifically based research leads some observers to wonder whether qualitative research and the exchange of ideas will no longer be valued, and may no longer be seen as important information to be preserved and disseminated." Full site is at urlLink http://www.lib.msu.edu/corby/education/doe.htm .

 urlLink The Role of Libraries in Literacy Education Being able to read is an important part of information literacy. If you can't read, all the other aspects of information literacy are hard to achieve. Librarians can be a part of teaching people to read. Literacy education is a hidden (maybe neglected) aspect of our roles as instruction librarians. From the blogged site of the day: "Illiteracy among Americans, with its social and economic implications, has become a growing concern in recent years. National awareness of problems associated with limited literacy skills has led to legislation, beginning at the federal level, to fund new literacy programs and expand existing programs. Libraries and information centers are viewed as an important component of this massive educational effort." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/literacy-education.html .

 urlLink Using Critical Thinking To Conduct Effective Searches of Online Resources Many of us teach our students to evaluate Web pages. This site is a paper that uses critical thinking (including metacognition, hypothesis testing, and argumentation) as a tool for Internet evaluation. First paragraph: "More than 80 percent of academic, public and school libraries offer some form of Internet access (American Library Association, 2000); thousands of full-text electronic journals and serials are available online. However, most searches of these materials are cursory and ineffective(Hertzberg & Rudner, 1999). This Digest complements guidelines addressing the mechanics of online searching by considering how treating information searches as exercises in critical thinking can improve our use of online resources. It addresses the use and application of metacognition, hypothesis testing, and argumentation." Full article at urlLink http://www.michaellorenzen.com/eric/critical-thinking.html .

 urlLink Why Should Principals Support School Libraries? Well, should principals support their school libraries? Of course they should! This article lists some of the ways a prinicipal can help. The site reads: "How then can principals best support their libraries? * Educate themselves to library and librarian potential. * Reconfigure the librarian's job to maximize realization of that potential. * Hire high-quality, forward-looking, energetic, innovative librarians. * Provide budget resources adequate to new roles and demands. * Effectively and accurately evaluate both the program and the librarian on jointly developed criteria recognizing library media work as simultaneously integral to instructional quality but distinct from classroom teaching itself." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryreference.com/school-libraries.html .

 urlLink Quality Online Education - New Research Agendas Here is an interesting distance education article which examines some areas that probably should be researched. Abstract: "Quality assurance and online delivery are hot topics in universities, yet until recently discussions of each have had little to do with each other. These spheres of activity in universities may not have interacted very closely in the past. This paper describes current debates within quality assurance and online delivery policies within universities and proposes four themes as ways to consider these debates and their relationships with each other. Arising from this discussion are possible research agendas that are likely to increase in importance as universities' use and reliance upon online technologies increases and as the stakes for ensuring quality are raised." Full article at: http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/mo2268w03.htm. urlLink

 urlLink ALA | Call for Participation Instructions This is the 12th ACRL Conference Call for Proposals site. ACRL is collecting proposals for the 2005 conference in seven areas. One of these is information literacy. A blurb from the site reads: "Impact of information technology on library services. Librarians are aware that an appropriate institutional balance needs to be maintained between traditional library materials and services and those services (which sometimes overlap) represented by instructional and information technology departments. Should libraries house campus information commons? Should libraries report through an “information czar,” rather than through the traditional academic hierarchy? These are among the challenging questions for the profession and the academy. It is also important, though difficult, to maintain technological currency in the face of decreasing resources, rising costs, and differing views about institutional funding priorities." It is over a year way but it might be good time to get a proposal submitted...

 urlLink Information Literacy and Technology Research Projects A book from 2001 of interest is this title by Norma Heller. Here is the description of the book and why I feel it may be of interest to librarians: "With this versatile title, students are educated, hands-on, about the many roles information technology can play in their quest for knowledge. Brainstorming, strategizing, writing, critiquing, and oral communication skills are strengthened through collaborative problem-solving projects. The research problems presented in each chapter integrate many curriculum areas. Students walk away from each completed task with a greater ability to ask the right questions and locate the best, most accurate, and timely answers." A review from School Library Journal reads: "A collection of nine long-term collaborative projects in which students are required to use many research and reporting skills. Helpful assessment checklists allow students to be held individually accountable for group projects. The descriptions are broken down into manageable chunks to ensure step-by-step success. Each project requires critical thinking and offers a creative way for researchers to present their findings. For example, a propaganda unit ends with the creation of a student-made video. The biome unit ends with making a class database to compare findings. Heller provides enough detail for teachers and library media specialists to plan effective units based on research skills and content from the curriculum and many take on a multidisciplinary approach. Useful lists of Web sites with annotations are included, but there are no lists of books. Permission is issued to individual librarians and educators to copy the worksheets for classroom use. A useful resource to help break down a long-term project into pieces that are practical and helpful."

 urlLink Information Literacy Articles at LibraryInstruction.Com You may have read a few of these but you haven't read most of them. I recently redesigned LI.Com to make it easier to find the information literacy articles. They are now in their own section. There are eleven articles here. Please check them out. (And forgive the weak blog entry and self plug. I am still on the road visiting due to the Thanksgiving holiday. Not a lot of time to think about blogging...)

 urlLink Unbiased Teaching about American Indians and Alaska Natives in Elementary Schools. ERIC Digest. Happy Thanksgiving to all American readers! I hope you have a nice holiday. I tried to find a good information literacy site that related to Turkey Day but I had no success. Instead, I found an old ERIC Digest on PC sensitivity towards the indigenous population of North America. There is a section on Thanksgiving. Clearly, the story of Thanksgiving is different from what we were taught. This historical revision would be good fodder for a class discussion on history and info lit. Don't let it ruin your day though. Thanksgiving is what it is today, not what it was or may have been... From the site: "MYTH: Thanksgiving is a day of rejoicing that marks the advent of a mutually beneficial relationship between European settlers and Native peoples (see Ramsey, 1979). FACT: The "First Thanksgiving" stories were actually created in the 1890s and early 1900s to promote the "melting pot" theory of social progress (Larsen, 1987). They are substantially inaccurate (Valdes, 1986). Today, the ethnocentric image of Thanksgiving is reinforced extensively in the media, by religious groups, and other social institutions. This final example illustrates how teachers can--unwittingly--bring half-truths to the classroom. Actually, the "First American Thanksgiving" is an Indian tradition. It was probably first celebrated many thousands of years ago. Some Indian legends and traditions taught that the land and all things of nature must be respected and protected from overuse. Food was ritually respected in ceremonies that included prayers and the giving of thanks in honor of plants and animals. Thanksgiving, the American holiday, has always been a time of people coming together; so thanks have long been offered for the gift of fellowship among us all. Teachers have an important opportunity to present Thanksgiving as a time for appreciating American Indians in an unbiased perspective--as they really were and are." Full article at: urlLink http://www.ericfacility.net/databases/ERIC_Digests/ed321968.html .

 urlLink A Case Evaluation in Internet Assisted Laboratory Teaching Here is a full-text article from Academic Exchange Quarterly on using the Interet in teaching a technical subect. Please note the conclusion in the abstract below. Students used the Internet for help but ultimately the preference of the students was to ask actual people for assistance. Abstract: "This paper presents the preliminary findings from an evaluation conducted on the implementation of Internet assisted teaching of fluid mechanical engineering laboratory sessions on a university degree programme. It compares the particular merits of laboratory sessions in which students receive instruction from Internet based presentations compared with those who received instruction from 'traditional' tutor led sessions, through a process of questionnaire based surveys and direct observations. The paper concludes that Internet assisted sessions allow students to easily repeat experimental instructions and provide late or absent students the opportunity to easily catch up with missed work. However, students still appear more likely to ask staff for assistance than rely on the Internet resources for information, and the Internet based programme, as applied here, has encountered some practical difficulties that have greatly reduced its effectiveness as a teaching aid." Full article at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/mo2020z01.htm .

 urlLink Information Literacy Weblog If you haven't seen this blog, it is worth looking at. Quote from site, "Sharing relevant items and information relating to information literacy worldwide." It appears to be a collaborative blog with ten different individuals contributing. There are also options for adding your comments after each of their posts. Further, there is a searchable index of posts by category. It looks like this blog has good coverage of international information literacy activities.

 urlLink Philosophy Resources Yes, this is a subject guide to philosophy resources. It covers electronic resources, reference books, web directories, online philosophy texts, and online philosophy journals. How is this related to information literacy? Let me tell you a story... As a philosophy bibliographer, I repeatedly get vanity press books from wannabe philosophers who are donating their books to the library. Apparently, they are trying to gain respectablity by having their works in libraries. I, of course, always toss these books out. Sure, there may be some good thought here. But, even though I only have a bachelors degree in philosophy, I quickly note the serious flaws in the arguments these so called philosophers hold forth. Guess what? Some of these crackpot philosophers have websites. In some cases, they have dozens of sites each. And a few have done a good job optimizing their sites to rise to the top of Google and Yahoo for their key philosophy phrases. This means that some search results return questionable philosophy sites. And since students are lazy and go the the Web for information first... I had to work hard to make this philosophy guide as the weak stuff kept floating to the top. Someone needs to write a good article on information literacy and philosophy. I wonder if any philosophy professors have noted this Web quirk and wrote about it? How do they teach their students?

 urlLink Cocaine, ecstasy cause DNA mutations, scientists say From the site: "Cocaine and ecstasy have proved to be more dangerous than we had imagined," said Giorgio Bronzetti, chief scientist at the National Centre for Research's (CNR) biotechnology department. "These drugs, on top of their toxicological effects, attack DNA, provoking mutations and altering the hereditary material. This is very worrying for the effects it could have on future generations," he said. My Comments: WOW! As a teenager, I read lots of mutant comic books like X-Men and New Mutants . I often wished that I was a mutant with super powers. I imagined it would make it easier to get girls. When people talk mutants, this is what I think. As two X-Men movies have been big hits in the last several years, I am sure others feel the same way. I can just imagine some ecstasy addict thinking, "Hey, maybe my son will be able to turn himself invisible!" Of course, 99% of mutations are harmful. I doubt that super powers will ever manifest in this way... A good information literacy article could consist of a contrast of comic book mutations and real life mutations. What is real about this issue?

 urlLink Search the Web More Efficiently: Tips, Techniques and Strategies It is late Friday and I have found this nice article by Daniel Bazac. (Actually, the author e-mailed the link to me. I usually ignore this sort of mail but this web author got me at a weak moment.) Much of it is basic for the average librarian but it may serve as a nice introduction for students. We always talk about what qualifies as a good website. Here is what the article calls are the qualities of a good searcher: Qualities Of A Good Web Searcher: Patience. You can find what you're looking for in ten seconds, ten minutes or never. Keep in mind that searching the Web can be a very time consuming operation. Persistence. Don't be scared of millions of results. Don't give up too fast. Searching the Web is a process of trial and error. Good memory. When conducting extensive research, you'll have to remember all your previous search queries so you know what terms you have already tried. Write them down - it's easier. Good organizational skills. Plan your strategy ahead of time and stick with the plan. Creativity. Select the best words for your query. Decisiveness. Learn to quickly recognize relevant results in the search engine's result page. Don't waste your time with search tools or strategies that don't work. Learn and accept the Web's limitations. Sometimes you cannot find the information because there is no information available on the Web related to your search. But this happens very rarely. Most of the time, the problem is not a lack of information but rather being overwhelmed by relevant results. That is if you know where and how to search.

 urlLink ERICDigests.org - Providing full-text access to ERIC Digests. Here is a site trying to keep the public domain ERIC Digests available to the public. As the ERIC Clearinghouses are going away, this is important. There are several hundred digests up now with a promise that the remaining 2500+ will be added throughout 2004. From the site: "Why ERICDigests.org?' "The ERIC Clearinghouse system was eliminated in 2003. ERIC is being massively reorganized and most of the content at the former ERIC sites (including the ERIC Digests) is in the process of finding new homes. This site is striving to make it easy to find ERIC Digests that have been produced prior to the end of the former ERIC system. (For information on these changes, see http://www.lib.msu.edu/corby/education/doe.htm.)" "Please note that this site is privately owned and is in no way related to any Federal agency or ERIC unit. " Copyright "ERIC Digests are in the public domain and may be freely reproduced and disseminated in any format. On the Web, it is permissible to link to Digests or to post copies on other sites without express permission." "Text from ERIC Digests on this site are in the public domain and may be used how ever you like. However, all other information on this site is copyrighted and may not be used without permission."

 urlLink FIFA.COM The Official web site of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association Hard as it is to believe, qualifying matches for the 2006 FIFA Soccer World Cup have already started in some regions. The official approval for all the draws was done today. The USA gets a bye in the 1st round of qualifying but will have matches next year. Much to the astonishment of the world, the USA finished 8th out of 32 teams in 2002. This included some big wins over Portugal and Mexico. I am all for the USA winning the next World Cup. Wouldn't that be something? All those American hating countries would have to live with the fact that a soccer (football) indifferent USA can beat the world at it's own sport. Heck, if the USA wins in 2006, we can put the soccer balls away and retire from the game on top.

 urlLink Welcome to the 419 Eater Hate those damn spam e-mail messages promising you money from a Nigerian estate if you send them your bank account number? The blogged site of the day does something about it as it glorifies a sport known as scambaiting. (The Nigerian scam is know as a 419...) From the site: "I created this site to pay respects to all the good people out there who in their own small way are helping to fight the war against scammers, and also as a forum to publish some of my own productions of course!" "It doesn't matter if you are new to this 'sport' or a hardened veteran; if you're wasting the time of a scammer, that's good enough for me! Even if you are a newbie much fun can be had! If you are new to this game and need to know who/what I'm talking about, please click on the What is 419? button' to the left of this screen. See also Baiting Tips." "So what is scam baiting? Well, put simply, you enter into a dialogue with scammers, simply to waste their precious time and resources, and hopefully make them look like complete idiots in the process. We often use the term "scambaiting". "Of course, I didn't create this site just to show off my own work. I would encourage anyone to contribute to this site and the good cause of Scam-baiting by joining in the fun on the FORUM." Actually, I have a deal for someone. The Dean of the library at the Michigan Academy of Sasquatch Studies died recently in a tragic accident. He left his entire estate of 5 million dollars to me. I am trying get the money without my wife finding out. My lawyer assures me if I can get the money to Nigeria that I am home free and can keep it all. Can you kind Nigerian soul help me do this? If you give me your bank account number, I will transfer all 5 million to your acount and you can keep 20 percent (1 million)! This is risk free and it will work to both of our mutual benefit. I will pray that you do the right thing.

 urlLink Public Library Services for Home Schooling Parents teaching their kids at home is not a new thing. However, home schooling is growing at a huge rate. This means some parents are going to be the biggest providers of information literacy instruction for their children. Public libraries could play a huge role in this. From the site: "According to a survey of Ohio home school parents, 99% of them use the public library as an additional resource and 73% of them use the public library once a week or several times per week. Books, magazines, the librarian's help, video and audio tapes, reference books, and programs for children are the most widely used services (Schwartz, 1991). In 1993-94, Florida had 14,208 home schoolers, one of the largest numbers in the nation. The School of Library and Information Science at the University of South Florida perceived 'the need to pool the ideas, talents and experiences of children's librarians' and later compiled their professional observations into a resource for other librarians who 'are currently grappling with the challenge of how to serve the increasing number of their homeschooling patrons'." Full article at urlLink http://www.michaellorenzen.com/eric/homeschooling.html .

 urlLink Advancing Your Library's Web-Based Services Here is an article describing how the Cleveland Public Library is using the Web to deliver services to patrons. First paragraph: "Libraries will be utilizing the Web to provide services to an increasingly sophisticated and demanding computer user. The mission of the Cleveland Public Library (CPL) is "to be the best urban library system in the country by providing access to the worldwide information that people and organizations need in a timely, convenient, and equitable manner." The institutional values that influenced the development of the mission put the emphasis on information and people. The best way to ensure that the access and outcome of information services is timely, convenient and equitable is to develop Web-based services that mirror and improve traditional in-house and telephone services. This clear understanding of the Web as a service delivery method and not just as a digital brochure results in a project development path leading to both self-services and live, librarian mediated services offered online and 24x7." Full article is at: urlLink http://www.libraryreference.com/web-based.html .

 urlLink CFP - Information Literacy Academic Exchane Quarterly is seeking manuscripts relating to information literacy for the Winter 2004 issue. Elizabeth Blakesley Lindsay, who is the instruction librarian at Washington State University, is the feature editor for the topic. Here is the CFP: Focus: Information literacy has transformed many library instruction programs into broader based, more collaborative efforts that address not only use of information resources, but also identification of information needs, evaluation of information, ethical use of materials and promoting awareness of economic, legal, and social issues regarding the use of information. This issue will examine theoretical and practical approaches for transforming library/bibliographic instruction programs into information literacy programs, fostering collaboration between librarians and faculty, defining and implementing information literacy competencies and standards, examining models and methods of instruction. Other issues to be addressed include teaching information literacy via distance education, debates over integrating information literacy into the entire curriculum versus delivery of skills through a credit course, and addressing assessment of information literacy skills. Who Should Submit: Librarians and faculty who have designed, taught and/or assessed information literacy programs are invited to submit manuscripts. Please identify your submission with keyword: INFOLIT Submission deadline: Regular deadline: any time until the end of August 2004. All accepted submissions will be published in this Winter issue, December. Short deadline: September or October. All accepted submissions will be published in this Winter issue or in later issues. Full details at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/win022.htm .

 urlLink Information Literacy: Search Strategies, Tools & Resources. Here is an article which describes the SSTR information literacy system being used by some libraries. From the article: "One recently developed aid is the Information Literacy: Search Strategies, Tools & Resources (ST&R) Program that can be tailored to the local needs of colleges. It is comprised of three integrated instructional components: the ST&R book, a PowerPoint presentation for classroom use, and an HTML version of the book for installation on institutional servers. Implemented at the intersection of learners and Web-ready information resources, ST&R can initiate students to the world of information literacy. It is a comprehensive and flexible tool that has been developed to enable students to become self-sustained seekers and users of information sources and digital libraries. This can be especially useful in the community colleges where many students are from disadvantaged or lower socio-economic backgrounds and previously may not have had access to such sources. The program has been designed for anyone interested in the critical and effective use of all types of information sources regardless of their format (e.g., books, journal articles, manuscripts, log diaries, visual elements, and other artifacts) and medium (e.g., printed, electronic, and networked digital libraries). ST&R takes a user-centered perspective and focuses on the intellectual aspects of locating, evaluating, interpreting, and communicating information sources rather than on the technical aspects of these activities." Full article at urlLink http://ericdigests.org/1999-1/info-lit.html .

 urlLink Libraries in Today's Digital Age: The Copyright Controversy Teaching students about copyright is hard. Partly because it is so complicated... From the site,"In recent years, a copyright legislative battle has ensued between copyright holders (primarily represented by the publishing, entertainment, and software business industries) and those who wish to use or have access to copyright materials (primarily represented by library, educational, and public interest communities). Copyright holders argue that they will not make their copyrighted works available to the public in digital formats unless the law is revised to prevent piracy and protect the marketplace for intellectual property by controlling access and use. Libraries argue that users rights to information should be upheld regardless of technological innovation and digital formats. The big question: Can copyright law continue to balance the interests of both copyright holders and users in the digital environment?" Full article at: urlLink http://www.michaellorenzen.com/eric/copyright.html .

 urlLink Format Proliferation in Public Libraries This article deals with how the publication of items in multiple formats (a book that is turned into a movie which is then issued in both VHS and DVD for example) is causing public libraries difficulty in deciding what to acquire and how to then manage the collection. This is an important issue. I see it often in academic libraries in a different sense when a professor tells her students that they have to use the PRINT journal and that they are not allowed to use the ONLINE version. Of course, in this case, there is no difference. I even had a faculty member insist that his students had to use microfilm. We had ample print and electronic alternatives to the microfilm. We really need to educate patrons on the different types of format and when they are essentially the same teach them to treat them same. From the article: "Libraries are all about choice. That is why there is more than one book in a library, more than one point of view, genre, subject, age level, edition, and format. At the core of their work, librarians may have to choose among the tens of thousands of new works published every year. Making those kinds of choices under the constraint of limited finances is not new to librarians. What is unprecedented is the number and kinds of choices librarians must make in response to the greater number of formats demanded by their customers. A list of the available formats for a particular work might include hardcover, paperback, large print, foreign language edition, audiocassette tape, book on CD, eBook, videocassette, and DVD." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryreference.com/format.html .

 urlLink The School Librarian's Role in the Electronic Age As hard as it is to believe, some school districts have eliminated school librarian positions. They try to use community volunteers or rotating teachers to run their libraries. This is not a good idea. Isn't the information environment more complex in the era of the Web? From the article: "As schools change from passive learning environments into active ones, the role of the librarian has to adjust as well. School restructuring requires that the librarian venture from the library to collaborate with teachers and administrators. The addition of technology into the learning environment enhances information retrieval and offers the librarian a new entree into the classroom curriculum. New, more student-centered teaching methods demand the support of information resources and training in their use. Library technology reaches beyond the library walls via computer networks to put information resources into the hands of end users at the point of need. With networks linking all areas of the modern school, the best place to access information may no longer be within the walls of the traditional library." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/school-librarians.html .

 urlLink SCIFI.COM | Battlestar Galactica I am too excited to write about information literacy. A new version of Battlestar Galactica is premiering tonight on TV as a mini-series. I loved Galactica when I was growing up. It dominated my fantasy life in the late 70s. I imagined I was an 8 year old viper pilot fighting the Cylons... If you have read my blog for awhile, you know I have a site that talks about urlLink Battlestar Galactica and Mormonism . I will of course be looking for this. However, I know that a 25 year updating of this show will mean major changes. I don't care. I love the concept behind this show so much that I will watch it regardless of how much is different. And if it is any good, I will hope that it becomes a new regular series.

 urlLink Academics and Professional Military Education (PME) Here is an interesting article from Academic Exchange Quarterly regarding professional military education (PME). While not directly related to information literacy, I found it interesting. The author is arguing for changes in the way the faculty in PME in the USA are recruited. From the site: "Academics think of teaching most often in terms of conventional colleges. But teaching in a military institution is quite different and in some respects compares unfavorably with traditional colleges. The fact that PME does vary from more traditional college teach serves as a barrier to recruitment, especially in those disciplines like anthropology that are not represented. The greatest drawback to teaching in a PME setting is that it is more difficult to specialize in teaching. While to some extent becoming a generalist can be a refreshing departure from what many see as the excessively narrow specialization in higher education, [6] PME institutions may err in the opposite direction. For example, at the Command and Staff College of Marine Corps University both political scientists and historians teach a core course that includes case comparisons of four military campaigns, even though the subject lies more within the historian’s expertise. Teaching that blurs disciplinary boundaries can increase the difficulties of linking teaching with research interests because finding publication outlets for research that similarly blurs disciplinary boundaries can be problematic. The tendency to make faculty too much the generalist that creates such research dilemmas is perhaps more acute at smaller educational institutions with smaller faculties. In the world of PME, the Marine Corps War College and Command and Staff College suffers the most from excessive generalization because the programs are the smallest in military education." Full article at http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/mo2567l4.htm. urlLink

 urlLink Information Literacy. ERIC Digest. This is an ERIC Digest on information literacy. It tries to cover information literacy at several levels including K-12, higher education, and the economic impact on the workforce. From the site: "The inclusion of information competencies as a graduation requirement is the key that will fully integrate information literacy into the curricula of academic institutions." "Information literacy instruction in higher education can take a variety of forms: stand-alone courses or classes, online tutorials, workbooks, course-related instruction, or course-integrated instruction." "State-wide university systems and individual colleges and universities are undertaking strategic planning to determine information competencies, to incorporate instruction in information competence throughout the curriculum and to add information competence as a graduation requirement for students." "Academic library programs are preparing faculty to facilitate their students' mastery of information literacy skills so that the faculty can in turn provide information literacy learning experiences for the students enrolled in their classes." Full article at urlLink http://www.ericdigests.org/1999-4/information.htm .

 urlLink Google Introduces Book Searches Following the footsteps of Amazon, Google is now blending results from the texts of books within its searches. Just like Amazon, the amount of full-text is limited. If you want to read the book, you will have to buy it. This seems like another good opportunity to explain copyright and how publishers want to make money off of their products to students. This stuff is not given away for free. Despite this, the copyrighted stuff you have to pay for (or get free from a library) is often the best source of information. Maybe seeing this in a Google search result will help bring this point home. From the blogged article: "Google has launched an experimental program that indexes excerpts of popular books, blending the content from these works into regular Google search results." "Google Print differs from Amazon's recently introduced Search Inside the Book program, which makes the full text of books available online to readers. By contrast, Google is indexing only a small excerpt from each book, typically taken from the inside cover, jacket reviews, author biographies or the book's introduction." "If you want to purchase the book, Google provides links to the book's description page at major online retailers including Amazon, Barnes and Noble and Books-A-Million. These book sellers pay nothing for the links, and Google says it is not benefiting if you make a purchase from one of these retailers." Full article at urlLink http://searchenginewatch.com/searchday/article.php/3290351 .

 urlLink Library Literacy Programs for English Language Learners Just a reminder that reading literacy is an important part of information literacy. As an academic librarian, I often forget this. From the site: "As early as 1629, Puritans bound for Salem, Massachusetts, included a collection of books in their cargo; in 1655, colonist Robert Keayne willed money for the founding of a public library in Boston (Shera, 1965). While many early libraries resided in universities, later industrialist philanthropists, such as Enoch Pratt and Andrew Carnegie, endowed public libraries and stipulated that local governments also provide financial support for local community libraries. Pratt's credo, "My library shall be for all, rich and poor without distinction of race or color," resonates among libraries today (Schuchat, 1985, p. 7). In the 1960s, the federal War on Poverty Program increased funding to help support literacy programs (Comings & Cuban, 2000). Individual states and communities have continued to fund projects to reach increasingly diverse local populations. From 1988 to 1995, for example, the California State Library funded the Partnerships for Change Program, which involved 26 community libraries that analyzed and restructured programs and policies to better serve their culturally diverse communities (California State Library & Library of California, 2001)." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryreference.com/literacy-programs.html .

 urlLink Respect the public domain. This is one of several sites trying to keep the public domain of copyright free material as large as possible. In particular, it is a response to virtual elimination of new work entering the public domain due to ever increasing copyright extensions. From the site: Why should I care about the public domain? The short answer is: because you've been cheated. The long answer? Because the movie industry wants you to honor your part of a deal, even though they no longer honor their part of the same deal. You see, the public is being admonished to respect copyrights, but the copyright holders have not respected the public domain. Instead, they have lobbied for extension after extension, indefinitely delaying their obligation to release works into the public domain. This runs contrary to the "limited time" restriction in the U.S. Constitution, and has effectively killed off the public domain. What is the problem? The problem isn't copyright itself. The founders of the United States had it right, and struck a fine balance. Copyright originally lasted 14 years with 1 option to renew for an extra 14 years. That is long enough for the owner of a copyright to profit from it, but short enough that the public could reclaim their culture while they were still alive to appreciate it. But now, copyrights can last the lifetime of an author plus 70 years. And that's a problem! The end result is that nothing created since 1923 has fallen into the public domain! Some people, such as Jack Valenti and Mary Bono, have urged Congress to extend copyright to forever less one day.¹ This is far, far beyond reasonable. Our society is a human institution. And as such, "limited times" should be viewed from a human perspective. Lengthy and repeated copyright extensions undermine the spirit of the Constitution, and ignore human reality: we die. Limited times that extend beyond our own lives are useless, nothing more than a token gesture. Until corporations and government officials understand that they're dealing with human beings, they will continue to experience failure here. What is the solution? First of all, we encourage movie goers to take advantage of the movie industry's guilt-trip trailers: make their platform your soapbox. Boo their ads right in the theater, or shout "respect the public domain!" Don't underestimate the influence even a quick quip can have on a theater full of people getting lectured in the dark.

 urlLink Role of the Academic Library in the Academic Enterprise If you are in the Midwest of the USA, you may wish to consider submitting to speak at this workshop which takes place Friday, April 30, 2004, at Eastern Michigan University. Information literacy topics are on the list of suggested topics. The Call: Theme for the Symposium: “The Role of the Library in Academic Enterprise”, one of ALA/ACRL’s “Top Issues Facing Academic Libraries” Format and Submission Guidelines: Proposed topics should reflect the above theme and be of interest to academic librarians and library staff. Possible topics include, but are not limited to: § Librarian-Classroom Faculty partnerships and projects § Librarians as instructors of information literacy § Library as place – Library as the heart of the institution § Library’s role in scholarly communication § Role of online resources and digitization of collections § Dealing with the current funding environment § Organizational structure and change – in the institution and in the library § Library’s link to K-12 education Presenters will have 20-25 minutes for their Symposium presentation. The Symposium agenda will include additional time for questions and discussion sessions following the presentations. Each presentation will also be published as a paper in the MLA Forum. Presenters should prepare their paper following APA style, 5th edition. Final papers will be due by May 10, 2004. Presenters will be sent an author agreement and will need to follow requirements of the Forum editors. Please include the following in your proposal: § Your contact information § An abstract of your presentation/paper in 300 words or less Send proposals via email or US mail to: Ann Lindsay, Access & Systems Librarian, Kalamazoo Valley Community College Library PO Box 4070, Kalamazoo, MI 49003 alindsay@kvcc.edu Selection Process: Proposals will be blind reviewed by members of the Symposium Planning Committee. Selection will be based on interest to the audience, relevance to the Symposium theme, and clarity of expression. Time constraints and program balance will also be considered. You will be notified of the status of your proposal by February 13, 2004. Questions: Ann Lindsay, Symposium Planning Committee 269-488-4515 or alindsay@kvcc.edu

 Saddam in American Hands. What can I say? YEAH! No matter where you live in the wold or how you feel about the American lead war in Iraq, I bet most people are happy that Saddam (after all that he has done to the people of Iraq and Kuwait) will be brought to justice. What a great day.

 urlLink Learning and Teaching Information Technology Computers Skills in Context Here is an article at LibraryInstruction.Com by Michael B. Eisenberg and Doug Johnson. From the article: "There is clear and widespread agreement among the public and educators that all students need to be proficient computer users or 'computer literate.' However, while districts are spending a great deal of money on technology, there seems to be only a vague notion of what computer literacy really means. Can the student who operates a computer well enough to play a game, send e-mail or surf the Web be considered computer literate? Will a student who uses computers in school only for running tutorials or an integrated learning system have the skills necessary to survive in our society? Will the ability to do basic word processing be sufficient for students entering the workplace or post-secondary education?" Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/info-tech.html .

 urlLink National Institute for Literacy (NIFL) From the site: "The National Institute for Literacy's activities to strengthen literacy across the lifespan are authorized by the U.S. Congress under two laws, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (AEFLA) in the Workforce Investment Act and the No Child Left Behind Act (NCLB). The AEFLA directs the Institute to provide national leadership regarding literacy, coordinate literacy services and policy, and serve as a national resource for adult education and literacy programs. The NCLB law directs the Institute to disseminate information on scientifically based reading research pertaining to children, youth, and adults as well as information about development and implementation of classroom reading programs based on the research." This looks promising...

 urlLink “Bringing Instructional Activities under an Information Literacy Umbrella" Merry Christmas! Here is a new information literacy article from Academic Exchange Quarterly with full-text online! Abstract: "Instructional activities at Joyner Library, East Carolina University, currently include course-integrated instruction, online tutorial use, class web pages, research consultations, a customizable subject guide database, and a writing contest. These instructional activities can be more usefully planned and evaluated with proper program building. With an improved planning process, an Information Literacy umbrella will also allow the instruction librarians to target certain student groups more effectively, specifically incoming first-year students, distance education students, and students who are participating in a new 3-year-to-degree program." Full article at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/cho24653j.htm .

 urlLink Library instruction - Wikipedia This is an entry on library instruction from the free web encyclopedia Wikipedia . Entry begins: "Also known as bibliographic instruction, library instruction is the process of teaching students how to use the library and conduct research." "It is likely that librarians have always to a limited degree been involved in classroom teaching. For example, it is hard to imagine that the librarians at the Great Library of Alexandria did not assemble from time to time small groups of students and visiting scholars and instruct them on the proper handling and use of the valuable scrolls that resided there. Throughout most of history librarians have been members of other professions (the clergy and scholars of various disciplines) who took on the additional duty of maintaining the library collection of their institutions. It is highly likely that these individuals introduced library concepts into their regular lectures pertaining to their area of expertise. Unfortunately, no written record appears to exist detailing how library instruction in the classroom was carried out or how often it was conducted." "German library literature records various examples of library instruction from the 17th to 19th centuries. Ewert in 1986 gave a summary of this literature and detailed where the library instruction occurred, who generally was conducting it, and what was covered. It shows that a tradition of library instruction in academic institutions had developed in Germany prior to the its origins in the United States in the late 19th century. As the United States' higher education system is based on the German model, this may have influenced the earliest academic library instruction practitioners in the US."

 urlLink What is Information Literacy? And why should I care? This is a web site for school (k-12) age students explaining information literacy and why it is important. I like the general approach and how it attempts to make information literacy appear to be relevant. From the site: "School research is a training ground for real life. Information literacy skills are skills you will need through your life. We are always seeking information. What car or stereo should I buy? Which college should I choose? Which book should I read next? How can I sell this idea to my boss? How can I convince the school board to act on my proposal? Information helps us reach conclusions, make our choices, and communicate more effectively. But the good stuff is often buried in heaps of junk. We need to continue to improve our searching, evaluating and communication skills in a changing information environment."

 urlLink Library Instruction Links at LibraryInstruction.Com. Here is a long list of library instruction resources at LibraryInstruction.Com. It includes links in several categories including library instruction, examples of library instruction resources, information literacy, and library instruction tutorials. There are currently 85 sites listed on the page. This is a good list and I use it to help identify sites to blog. Suggestions are also being accepted for inclusion and directions for submitting are included.

 urlLink 'Library Guy' Keith Stanger's Home Port Keith Stranger is a librarian at Eastern Michigan University. He has a personal site up with links to Web resources and weblogs he likes. He also has a collection of pages and slide shows up that are designed to help students "navigate the information clutter" which is the Internet. This is a good site and most librarians teaching students would find it interesting.

 Happy New Year! I wish you and those you love a great year to come. 2004 should be fun.

 urlLink Library - Wikipedia Here is the Wikipedia encyclopedia entry for library. I think it is well written. From the entry: "In its most general sense a library is a collection of books and other reference materials. The term is usually used to refer to a public, school, or institutional library. Such a library is open to consultation by the public, students, or patrons or employees of an institution, and often features a reference desk. Many libraries (called lending libraries) make at least some of their books available for borrowing, so readers can use them at home, over a period of days or weeks. As well as books, many libraries are now repositories and/or access points for other media, such as maps, microfilm, microfiche, audio tapes, CDs, LPs, video tapes, CD-ROMs and DVDs, and have facilities to use the Internet." Etymology of the word "The word is derived from Latin liber, which means "book." Derivations from the Greek Bibliotheke (from Biblos, book) are used in at least German, French, Spanish, Swedish, Polish, Portuguese, Russian and Dutch. Other languages, such as Icelandic, Finnish, and Estonian, use words that derive from their own words for book (Bokasafn, Kirjasto, and Raamatukogu, respectively)." Library management "Basic tasks in library management include the planning of acquisition (which materials should be acquired), library classification, preservation of materials (especially rare and fragile materials such as manuscripts), borrowing, and developing and administering library computer systems. More long-term issues include the planning of the construction of new libraries or extensions to existing ones." Library instruction "Many users do not know how to use a library correctly. Fear and anxiety are common in some users. An entire movement has sprung up to advocate library user education. The common term is library instruction." Full entry at urlLink http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libraries .

 urlLink Free E-mail for MSU Fans! I have been using this site for three years for free e-mail. I don't want to use my primary e-mail address for lists so I use an address at iam4msu.com. The service is decent and the advertising is tolerable. Give this a try if you want a throw away e-mail address that stands out from Yahoo or Hotmail. Of course, if you like MSU (Michigan State University, Memphis State University, Minnesota State University, etc.) the address is even better.

 urlLink Library in the Sky - Educational Web Resources This is a useful and large list of websites relating to education broken down into different categories. Well worth a visit for librarians. From the site: "The Library in the Sky is a database of interesting and useful educational Web sites for those involved in education. Find the information you want through the Search, User Tabs, by Department, or Materials." "Currently there are 1551 educational Web sites listed in the Library in the Sky. Search the entire database of resource links, or narrow your search to those Web sites that will most likely be of interest to you."

 urlLink Poverty, Racism and Literacy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest looks at how racism and poverty impact literacy skills. It is reasonable to assume these factors also impact information literacy skills. From the site: "In the prevailing and traditional definition, literacy is regarded as central to helping people obtain and retain employment, which is the key to moving them from dependency toward greater self-sufficiency. This functionalist definition, espoused by many policymakers, funders, and employers, is based on the assumption that there are jobs for the poor who are able to improve their literacy skills (Hornbeck and Salamon 1991). However, the U.S. economy currently does not produce enough jobs that pay sufficiently well to create pathways out of poverty (Wilson 1996). Job loss and low wages are unequally distributed across races/ethnicities, with Blacks and Hispanics more likely to lose employment than Whites and more likely to be hired for service work than for better-paying jobs (Bureau of Labor Statistics 2002)." "Auerbach (1992) suggests that there exists a 'literacy myth' in which economic mobility is touted as the result of literacy acquisition when, in reality, race and gender play a greater role in shaping an individual's economic prospects. Without the availability of jobs that pay a living wage, literacy education loses its value and appeal. Literacy alone cannot overcome the effects of class and race on access to educational and employment opportunities (D'Amico 1999)." "Another perspective cited in the literature with increasing frequency suggests that literacy is more than the acquisition of reading and writing skills; it is also a social practice or social currency, and, as such, a key to social mobility (Gee 1991). Learning the hidden rules and cultural codes of the dominant culture, according to this perspective, facilitates upward mobility. To be successful in accessing educational and employment opportunities, members of minority groups must become bicultural, i.e., they must be able to function both in the culture of their identity group and in the dominant culture." Full article at urlLink http://ericdigests.org/2003-5/poverty.htm .

 urlLink IllumiRate : Lighting your Way through the Web This is another volunteer edited directory for finding information on the Web. I signed up a few days ago and so far like it. It is new but it has a database to start up with as this appears to be the old Hotrate.com directory under new management. If enough editors volunteer their time, this might become a useful directory if 1. webmasters believe it is worth their time to list a site (i. e. it helps their Google Page Rank) and 2. if the avergae joe decides this is a good place to search. Otherwise, this will be just another hobby site for those who like to organize the Web. (And there is nothing wrong with that...) If you want to edit at a Web directory and find that Zeal, DMOZ, Skaffe, and Joeant are too frightening for a newbie, give this one a try. I'll add some sites to it in the coming weeks and see how it goes.

 urlLink ALA | All Users Are Local Another good looking online seminar from ALA. Announcement: Registration is now open for “All Users Are Local: Bringing the Library Next Door to the Campus Worldwide," a three-week online seminar from ACRL, February 2 to 22. Participants will learn how to design a plan for library support of distance education at their institutions. The course is designed so that activities completed along the way result in a planning document to guide future program development. Walk away with the tools to create a comprehensive plan. By the end of the seminar, participants will be able to complete an institutional self-assessment on current involvement and future plans for distant education; assess current library support and set future goals; identify staff and funding needs and sources for future support; identify current and possible future features of a library’s website for faculty, students, and staff at distant locations; and analyze administrative, design, and content issues with regard to their impact on the library’s website.

 urlLink ALA | Information Literacy and Assessment This looks like a good online seminar. Announcement: ACRL and TLT Group be offering their online seminar, Information Literacy and Assessement, February 5-19, 2004. Registration is now open! The seminar is one of three in a series of information literacy seminars that ACRL and TLT have partnered to offer. The seminar has both synchronous and asynchronous components. Seminar Dates: February 5-19, 2004 Seminar Leaders: Debra Gilchrist, director of library/media services, Pierce College; Tom Kirk, library director and coordinator of information services, Earlham College; and Robin Zuniga, associate director of Flashlight Program, TLT Group Synchronous Webcasts: Thursdays, 3-4 p.m. Eastern (February 5, 12, and 19) Course Description: A sequence of three synchronous Webcasts will introduce four important activities and/or documents relevant to assessment of information literacy programs. These include: Characteristics of Programs of Information Literacy That Illustrate Best Practices ; Information Literacy Competency Standards for Higher Education ; the ARL SAILS (Standardized Assessment of Information Literacy Skills) Project; and the TLT Flashlight Project. With a practical focus, the seminar leaders will provide specific examples of how to use these documents/activities and their associated ideas to conduct an assessment of information literacy programs. ACRL members, staff of TLT group subscriber institutions, and ALA members can register at a reduced rate. There is also a discount for registering more than one person from the same institution. Participants also have the option (for an extra fee) of submitting a draft plan for advancing their own information literacy programs for careful critique by expert leaders.

 urlLink Library and information science - Wikipedia Here is the encyclopedia article for library and information science at Wikipedia. If you don't like the writing, go the page and make changes. This is a collaborative project. (Someone needs to add an entry for information science...) From the site: "Library and information science (LIS) is the study of issues related to libraries. This includes academic studies (most often surveys) about how library resources are used and how people interact with library systems. These studies tend to be specific to certain libraries at certain times. The organization of knowledge for efficient retrieval of relevant information is also a major research goal of LIS. Basic topics in library science include the acquisition, classification and preservation of library materials. In a more present-day view, a fervent outgrowth of LIS is information architecture. LIS should not be confused with information theory, the mathematical study of the concept of information." "Library science is distinct from librarianship, which is the practical services rendered by librarians in their day-to-day attempt to meet the needs of library patrons. Librarianship tends not to create new knowledge, nor to strive to advance any field or discipline. Librarians only rarely engage in library science, and then usually outside their jobs as librarians. But the study of library science is part of the requisite training of librarians." "The term library and information science should not be broken into these separate pieces. Library and information science is a hybrid academic field that grew from library schools' fight for survival in the electronic age. The politics of academia, issues of status and prestige, issues of perceived obsolescence and other forces created these programs. Programs in library and information science are interdisciplinary, overlapping with the fields of systems' analysis, computer science, statistics and various parts of the social sciences." Full article at urlLink http://en2.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_and_information_science .

 urlLink RateMyProfessors.com Have you seen this site? Students can "grade" their professors on several scales including looks, course ease, helpfulness, and clarity. It is really popular and there are tons of ratings on the site. This endeavor has also gotten a lot of press in the last several years. While this may prove useful to some, the ratings are fraught with peril. Generally, only students who are unhappy with a professor will take the time to submit a rating. (Any one who teaches will always get a few of these...) Further, many students confuse how easy a class is and how well they do in it with quality. They don't care if they learned anything. There criteria for a good professor is 1. did I have to work hard and 2. did I get an A. I think this site could be beneficial to professors. If you are teaching, go ahead and grade yourself. HARD. Write that the course is a lot of work and that you only got a B-. Do this a dozen times with different writing styles. Also, do it at different times from different computers so it is harder for the RateMyProfessors people to figure out the same person is doing the rating. If you are lucky, the lazy students looking for an easy course will see your fake ratings and avoid your course! That will make life easier for you. Good luck.

 urlLink Proof of the Power: Recent Research on the Impact of School Library Media Programs on the Academic Achievement of U.S. Public School Students. ERIC Digest. Obviously, school libraries are important to student learning. This ERIC Digest summarizes the proof of this by looking at studies that show school libraries help students learn. From the article: - The practical implications of these research findings are a clear and straightforward call to action. * School library media programs should be funded sufficiently to employ both professional and support staff and to have both information resources in a variety of formats and the technology necessary to extend the LM program beyond the walls of the library media center. * Library media specialists should be recognized and utilized by principals and teachers as professional colleagues in the teaching and learning enterprise. Where such recognition and the collaboration to which it leads do not exist, the LMS must exercise some leadership in changing the environment. * Technology is an essential part of a successful LM program. Information resources, including licensed databases, should be available throughout the school via networked computers in classrooms, labs, and offices. Full article is at http://www.ericdigests.org/2002-2/proof.htm. urlLink

 urlLink Factors Affecting Student Adoption of Online Education Many of us are working with faculty who are putting courses online. Some of use have any done this ourelves. Teaching and learning is different in an online environment. Some students resist the online model are are just not ready for it. This article from Academic Exchange Quarterly looks at this and other issues impacting online education. From the article: "Online education is creating excitement among educators in colleges and universities in the United States and further afield. For some it offers a way to reach a wider audience, including those not targeted by traditional higher-education institutions. For others, it offers a new pedagogical tool that has the potential to transform the learning process. And for others, as exhibited through the University of Phoenix Online Education model, it is perceived as an inexpensive way to grow their student population and revenues (Economist, 2002; Olsen, 2002). While the reasons for implementing online courses and programs vary, a few common themes emerge from an examination of the literature: expanding access to under-served populations; alleviating classroom capacity constraints; capitalizing on emerging market opportunities - such as working adults - and, serving as a catalyst for institutional transformation (Aron, 1999; Berger, 1999; Eastman & Swift, 2001; Fornaciari, Forte, & Matthews, 1999; Oliver, 1999; Volery & Lord, 2000; Webster & Hackley, 1997)." "The use of online education has grown significantly as a result of its real and perceived benefits (McGinn, 2000). Urdan and Weggen (2000) state that revenues from Web-based training for online education are forecasted to climb from $550 million in 1998 to $11.4 billion in 2003. John Chambers, CEO of Cisco, states that “education over the Internet is so big, it is going to make e-mail look like a rounding error” (Chambers, 1999). The number of colleges and universities offering online education has also increased dramatically – from 93 in 1993 to 762 in 1997 (Hankin, 1999), including many established universities such as Duke, University of Baltimore, Colorado State University, University of Florida, New York University, University of Maryland, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Ohio University, Pennsylvania State University, Stanford University, the University of Wisconsin, and the University of Tennessee (Eastman and Swift, 2001). In 2000, U.S. universities offered over 54,000 courses online with an enrollment of over 1.6 million students (Driver, 2002). A more recent estimate suggests that 2.2 million students enrolled in online courses in 2002 (Sausner, 2003)." Full article at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/cho25934w.htm .

 urlLink CMU Libraries -- Reed Elsevier Information Page Like every other academic library in the USA, Central Michigan University is being hammered by a huge price increase from Elsevier on a variety of titles. Our budget is cut and they want 250K more. This is not going to happen. I am advocating that we simply dump all Elsevier titles and use the money elsewhere. We are in the process of educating the faculty about this issue. The response has been positive for the most part. The blogged page contains links to a variety of articles which deal with the issue and how libraries are responding to Elsevier. The simple fact is that university faculty (most with public funds) create most of the research in journals. The faculty then sign over copyright to the publisher. The publisher then sells back to the universitites research that the universities already funded. This is crazy. We have to stop playing this game.

 urlLink Library in the Sky - Editor's Picks I am happy to see that LibraryInstruction.Com was selected as Library in the Sky Editor's Pick of the Week. urlLink I have put a lot of work into this site over the last year and a half. It now has over 40 articles and a dozen lesson plans. There are also a few PowerPoint presentation available for download. I don't know who the editor is at Library in the Sky but thanks. I am grateful and hope some more educators find my site.

 urlLink Weather Underground: Welcome to The Weather Underground We got eight inches of snow today in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. It had not been forcasted. Through the day, weather reports repeatedly said we were going to get 3-6 inches. WRONG. It just kept snowing. My oldest son got sent home early from school. I found the most acurate weather prediction at the Weather Underground site. I know this is an old site and most people know about it. Still, I found it really helpful today and thought I would return the favor by giving it a link here.

 urlLink Finding Information on the Internet This is a web searching tutorial from the UC Berkley Library. I think it is well done. From the intro: "This tutorial presents the substance of the Internet Workshops offered year-round by the Teaching Library at the University of California at Berkeley. The content on this site has been updated to reflect our new "Research Quality Web Searching" class. The title reflects our belief that there is a lot great material on the Web - primary sources, specialized directories and databases, statistical information, educational sites on many levels - and we have better tools for finding this great stuff."

 urlLink Digital Dilemma: Issues of Access, Cost, and Quality in Media-Enhanced and Distance Education. ERIC Digest. Integrating media into distance education creates many problems. Many are hard to solve. Being able to fully integrate the appropriate resources for students (regardless of location) is important for both faculty and librarians. The faculty want to teach well. The librarians want to be able to deliver information resources to all students. From the article: The following seven recommendations address the pressing issues of access, cost, and quality: 1. Prepare to lobby more aggressively for state and federal policy reform of higher education issues. 2. Develop a reward system that places a high value on teaching and the innovative uses of technology, even though the two will be mutually exclusive in most cases. 3. Promote universal Intranet access to campus networks by standardizing hardware and software configurations. 4. Promote universal access to the National information Infrastructure as a vital social utility. 5. Affirm the social nature of learning. 6. Require of all students the generic skills of mediacy and numeracy. 7. Preserve the quality and core values that undergird and distinguish higher education from corporate training, even as the institutions work to untangle the knotty issues of productivity, efficiency, and effectiveness. Full article at urlLink http://www.ericdigests.org/2001-3/digital.htm .

 urlLink Media and Theory Through the Writing Process This is a full-text article at Academic Exchange Quarterly . While not directly tied to information literacy, I do like how the author used the writing assignment described in this article. Abstract: "Fostering critical and literate habits of thought requires that teachers move beyond using learning strategies that compel students to “binge and purge” information in the manner of the bulimic. Utilizing concepts from Levi-Strauss, Whorf, Bahktin, Barthes, Kristeva, and Foucault, and Roland Barthes, this essay theorizes about a counter-an applied pedagogy, one that moves students from the position of subjugated vassal and passive knowledge vessel to an active and engaged intertextual creator. As an application of theory, a discussion ofn a media-based assignment follows on a media-based assignment." Full article at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/cho24214w.htm .

 urlLink ALA | Information Literacy and Assessment Here is information on an upcoming information literacy online seminar: ACRL and TLT Group will be offering their online seminar, Information Literacy and Assessment, February 5-19, 2004. Register Today! Seminar Dates: February 5-19, 2004 Synchronous Webcasts: Thursdays, 3-4 p.m. Eastern (February 5, 12, and 19) Seminar Leaders: Debra Gilchrist, director of library/media services, Pierce College; Tom Kirk, library director and coordinator of information services, Earlham College; and Robin Zuniga, associate director of Flashlight Program, TLT Group Course Description: A sequence of three synchronous Webcasts will introduce four important activities and/or documents relevant to assessment of information literacy programs. These include: Characteristics of Programs of Information Literacy That Illustrate Best Practices ; Information Literacy Competency Standards for Higher Education ; the ARL SAILS (Standardized Assessment of Information Literacy Skills) Project; and the TLT Flashlight Project. With a practical focus, the seminar leaders will provide specific examples of how to use these documents/activities and their associated ideas to conduct an assessment of information literacy programs. ACRL members, staff of TLT group subscriber institutions, and ALA members can register at a reduced rate. There is also a discount for registering more than one person from the same institution. Participants also have the option (for an extra fee) of submitting a draft plan for advancing their own information literacy programs for careful critique by expert leaders.

 urlLink Learning About Books & Libraries This is a good book for teaching elementary aged students information literacy skills. I had a look at it and liked it a lot. Review of book from School Library Journal : "This practical resource for media specialists, classroom teachers, and homeschoolers assists in introducing students to the worlds of children's literature and research. The text is divided into three main categories of games. Those related to fiction include guessing and creating book clues, title charades, and a book-character scramble that is similar to Scrabble. The second category of nonfiction activities introduces subjects such as the Dewey System, bibliographies, keyboard skills, and genres. Lastly, games related to specific stories, such as "Three Billy Goats Gruff" and Helen Lester's Hooway for Wodney Wat, are offered. Each idea is accompanied by a suggested range of grade levels from kindergarten through sixth grade. A useful index/grid reiterates this information along with the skill taught for each game. An excellent, well-planned, and thorough book." Review by Joyce Rice, Limestone Creek Elementary School, Jupiter, FL

 urlLink CFP - Assessment Assessing library instruction sessions is one of the hardest things we do. How do we know if students actually learned anything? Have you had success? if so, consider submitting a manuscript to Academic Exchange Quarterly . Submissions are due by the end of May for consideration for the Fall 2004 issue. From the CFP: "Our ever more probing measurement of the learning process in all its diverse forms and contexts has enabled significant advances in educational theory and practice at all levels and in all fields. Effective assessment can play a vital role in appropriately placing students, diagnosing learning problems and progress, improving and enriching teacher performance, and in achieving and maintaining academic standards. Assessment can be at the level of the individual learner, the class, the institution, or the educational system as a whole. Studies of a theoretical or empirical nature (including case studies, portfolio studies, exploratory, or experimental work) addressing the assessment of learner aptitude and preparation, motivation and learning styles, learning outcomes in achievement and satisfaction in different educational contexts are all welcome, as are studies addressing issues of measurable standards and benchmarks. To be most helpful in this academic exchange, empirical studies should be clear and explicit about their methodology so that others can replicate or advance their research."

 urlLink The Essential Elements of Cooperative Learning in the Classroom. ERIC Digest. I have been a big fan of cooperative (active) learning ever since I sat through my first workshop with cooperative learning guru Karl Smith 8 years ago. I have tried many cooperative learning elements in my classes teaching students library skills with great success. (And a few failures too...) The blogged site of the day has a good overview of cooperative learning. From the site: "Over the past decade, cooperative learning has emerged as the leading new approach to classroom instruction. One important reason for its advocacy is that numerous research studies in K-12 classrooms, in very diverse school settings and across a wide range of content areas, have revealed that students completing cooperative learning group tasks tend to have higher academic test scores, higher self-esteem, greater numbers of positive social skills, fewer stereotypes of individuals of other races or ethnic groups, and greater comprehension of the content and skills they are studying (Johnson, Johnson, and Holubec 1993; Slavin 1991; Stahl and VanSickle 1992). Furthermore, the perspective of students working as "academic loners" in classrooms is very different from that of students working cooperatively and collaboratively in and as "cooperative learning academic teams" (see the chapter by Stahl in Stahl and VanSickle 1992)." "Even with its increasing popularity, a large majority of the group tasks that teachers use, even teachers who claim to be using "cooperative learning," continue to be cooperative group tasks-not cooperative learning group tasks. For instance, nearly all "jigsaw" activities are not cooperative learning jigsaw activities. Merely because students work in small groups does not mean that they are cooperating to ensure their own learning and the learning of all others in their group (Johnson, Johnson, and Holubec 1993). This emphasis on academic learning success for each individual and all members of the group is one feature that separates cooperative learning groups from other group tasks (Slavin 1990)." Full article at urlLink http://www.ericdigests.org/1995-1/elements.htm .

 urlLink Library Instruction as Conducted by Student Workers: A Personal Reflection Many of us in higher education have student workers conduct simple library instruction sessions be it tours or basic OPAC instruction for freshman. This is true at Central Michigan University as well. I asked one of my students to write an article about her experiences. Here is the result. From the article: " Library instructions have always been taught by the librarians from my experience and when a group of us were told that teaching those sessions were going to be a part of our duties it was surprising and a little nerve wrecking. As with most, I was not one to feel comfortable in front of a group, so to say the least I was a tad nervous. After being told that we were now going to be doing these sessions we were trained on how to do them. All of us had already seen many of the instructional sessions before so the concept was not all that new. We were given a sheet that read like a script which was going to be what we would teach. I read through the sheet and it did not look challenging and it set me at ease. Everything that we were to instruct was so second nature and there was nothing new to be learned. One of the nicer aspects of the library instructional sessions conducted by students is that the groups that we teach are never at a level higher than we are studying. The groups that the students teach are at the 101 level of courses, high school students, or visiting groups not affiliated with the university. For those reasons the instructional sessions that we teach are basic introductions to Central Michigan University's home page and the library itself." Full-article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/student.html .

 urlLink Site of the Month Archive I am pleased to report that this blog has been selected Blog of the Month at urlLink Joeant . Thanks Aunt Em. Joeant is an nice volunteer edited directory to the Web. It only includes quality sites with good content. While not immune to spam, the review process for new editors makes it hard to get poor quality sites into Joeant. Try it for a few searches next time rather than Google. You may have fewer hits but the relevance of those hits might just be better.

 urlLink Library Latchkey Children. ERIC Digest. Last summer, my academic library had problems with a bunch of trouble making juveniles from the community. We learned that they had been banned from the public library. Further, we learned that their parents were dropping them off at our library and using us as a babysitting service! We clearly were not equipped to do this. The blogged article of the day has tips for public libraries to deal with the latchkey children issue. From the article: Based on the author's research, the following recommendations are offered for public librarians who wish to provide more effective service to latchkey children: 1. Interact with representatives from community agencies to develop alternatives concerning latchkey children. 2. Learn about latchkey children in library school and by attending in-service training. 3. Develop and publicize positively worded written policies and procedures for dealing with latchkey children. 4. Conduct research about library latchkey children in public library settings. For example, interview latchkey children to learn which activities they prefer libraries to provide for them. Then implement and evaluate those recommendations. 5. Consider library latchkey children as providing an opportunity to work cooperatively with the community, to turn a captive audience into program potential, and to recruit future library users who enjoy books. 6. Create a separate area where children involved in after-school activities will not disturb other patrons. 7. Use the mission statement as a guide to determining the library's appropriate role in serving latchkey children. 8. Use volunteers, and designate, if possible, a librarian to be solely responsible for after-school programs. 9. Provide arts and crafts supplies, learning games, and a wide selection of books for children to use independently. Full article at urlLink http://www.ericdigests.org/1992-4/latchkey.htm .

 urlLink Information literacy - Wikipedia Here is a new article at Wikipedia on information literacy. I think it is a good introduction to the topic. If you don't like it and want to make changes, go ahead. Wikipedia is open source and anyone can make additions and changes to the encyclopedia. (It sounds like this is a vandals paradise but the hundreds of heavy users of the site run a tight ship and have methods of banning and reverting the mischief of pranksters.) From the article: "Although alternate definitions for information literacy have been developed by educational institutions, professional organizations and individuals, they are likely to stem from the definition offered in the Final Report of the American Library Association (ALA) Presidential Committee on Information Literacy, "To be information literate, a person must be able to recognize when information is needed and have the ability to locate, evaluate and use effectively the needed information"(1989, p. 1). Since information may be presented in a number of formats, the term information applies to more than just the printed word. Other literacies such as visual, media, computer, network, and basic literacies are implicit in information literacy." Full article at urlLink http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_literacy .

 urlLink Information Literacy in an Information Society This article has a good definition of information literacy as well as details on how to implement it into the curriculum. It also has a good (but dated) bibliography. From the article: "As American society has shifted from an economy based on capital goods (industrial) to an economy based on services (information), there has been a corresponding shift in what is expected from American education. Knowing how to ask the right questions may be the single most important step in learning. The process that is conducted in order to find answers to the right questions leads to the point at which information becomes knowledge. Information Literacy--the ability to access, evaluate, and use information from a variety of sources--is central to all successful learning and by extension to all successful living." Full article at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/information-literacy2.html .

 urlLink Georgia Conference on Information Literacy This looks like a good conference to present at this year. Call for Proposals: Call for Proposals has been extended to February 15, 2004 Georgia Conference on Information Literacy Georgia Southern University October 8-9, 2004 Jointly hosted by the Zach S. Henderson Library, the Department of Writing and Linguistics, and the College of Education at Georgia Southern University, the Georgia Conference on Information Literacy seeks proposals for workshops and presentations that address the following themes and issues: *Strategies for teaching information literacy to students and/or faculty across the curriculum *Empirical studies on the effect of information literacy initiatives on student retention and/or learning *Learning communities and information literacy *Creating teaching partnerships between reference librarians and instructors * What constitutes information literacy in the 21st century *Encouraging lifelong learning through information literacy *Technological developments and their impact on student research *Strategies for evaluating sources *Information Literacy and the Sciences *Computers in the writing classroom: how the research paper has changed *Developing learning outcomes for information and technological competence *Preparing students for the modern University http://conted.georgiasouthern.edu/informationliteracy.html We look forward to receiving your proposal. If you have any questions, please contact me at dchampion@georgiasouthern.edu or 912-681-5555.

 urlLink (IBERRY) Or, otherwise known as The Higher Education Links List (HELL). It includes annotated links to education courseware and resources relating to higher education as well as other education topics including humor and job openings. The site is well organized and it is easy to navigate among the different categories. In particular, I liked the list of student plagiarism paper mills.

 urlLink Active Learning Environment for the Digital Libraries There are differences in teaching and learning between the physical library and the digital library. Many of these differences are obvious. Some are not as readily identified. This paper by Champa Jayawardana, K. Priyantha Hewagamage and Masahito Hirakawa takes a good look at this issue. From the article: "Studies related to learning methodologies and techniques have been conducted for centuries,including those done by philosophers and educators like Socrates. Learning is a process ofknowledge construction in which the learner carries out many activities (Lorenzen 2001;Fitzgerald 1998). Active learning can be described as the ability of learners to carry out thoseactivities effectively and efficiently while incorporating them into a process of their owneducation." "Consequently, learners are easily absorbing knowledge through their interaction. In activelearning, learners take responsibility for their own education, and study strategies to accomplishtheir academic goals (Lee 1999). With respect to digital materials, there are three actions thatcreate the tools for active learning: active consuming, information gathering, and informationseeking. Active consuming is carrying out activities effectively with respect to different mediatypes. These include active reading, active watching and active listening. Constructing the user'sreference collection with ease is the main concept of the information-gathering portion. Toprovide intelligent support in a digital learning environment, information seeking facilities areneeded to locate suitable materials. This paper describes how these three facilities can besupported in a personalized information environment for digital libraries." Full article at urlLink http://216.239.39.104/search?q=cache:oAwvKDeXpU8J:wings.buffalo.edu/publications/mcjrnl/v8n1/active.pdf+active+learning+and+libraries&hl=en&start=1&ie=UTF- 8

 urlLink Active learning - Wikipedia Here is the Wikipedia article on active learning. I recently added it to Wikipedia. Feel free to make changes if you want to improve it. From the article: "Research has consistently shown that traditional lecture methods, in which professors talk and students listen, dominate college and university classrooms. It is therefore important to know the nature of active learning, the empirical research on its use, the common obstacles and barriers that give rise to faculty members' resistance to interactive instructional techniques, and how faculty, faculty developers, administrators, and educational researchers can make real the promise of active learning." "Until recently there has been no common definition of 'active learning.' Consequently, many believe that all learning is inherently active and that students are therefore 'actively involved' while listening to formal presentations in the classroom." "Research suggests that the use of active learning techniques (as defined in the introduction) may have a positive impact upon students' learning. For example, several studies have shown that students prefer strategies that promote active learning rather than traditional lectures. Other research evaluating students' achievement has demonstrated that many strategies promoting active learning are comparable to lectures in promoting the mastery of content but superior to lectures in promoting the development of students' skills in thinking and writing." Full article at urlLink http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Active_learning .

 urlLink Promoting Health Information Literacy Here is a good full-text article on information literacy for health science students from Academic Exchange Quarterly . Abstract: "The recent development of public health informatics as an interdisciplinary field, and the dissemination of this body of knowledge, have brought forth new opportunities for collaboration between the faculty of health sciences and academic library. This paper explores the potential areas for collaboration, describes empirical collaborative projects between these two parties in enhancing the information literacy of public health discipline in a major health science center, and discusses the lessons learned, including the opportunities and challenges associated with the collaboration."

 urlLink Colleges, Code, and Copyright - Call for Papers - UMUC Of possible interest to many librarians and educators out there. From the call: Potential authors are encouraged to submit papers that address one of the main topic tracks of the conference. Special attention will be given to those papers focusing on Track II topics. Authors may submit papers on alternative topics provided they are compatible with either of the main track topics listed below: Track I - Framing the Issues or, Track II - Possible Solutions Track I- Framing the Issues: P2P file sharing: Civil Disobedience or Simple Opportunism Do Digital Rights Management (DRM) systems have a positive or adverse impact on the dissemination of information within higher education? What issues do higher education institutions have to consider when implementing DRM systems? What are the causes of rising textbook and journal costs for students and university libraries? Does fair use have a future? Track II- Application and Possible Solutions: Identifying, implementing, and utilizing effective strategies for dealing with copyright infringement via P2P file sharing on the university campus. P2P and the library: Case studies on innovative uses Alternative models for scholarly publishing Open source software usage in the university community DRM systems: Are they compatible with the re-uses of information characterized within the higher education community? Are universal DRM standards attainable or desirable? Impact of the TEACH Act on the expansion of DRM on campus. Technological solutions for copyrighted content delivery in the online classroom. Possible legislative solutions to current copyright concerns. What are the promises and perils of using peer to peer technology in the university community? Constituencies Scholars, librarians, professors, students, publishers, commercial vendors, database administrators, system and network managers, and other authors are all invited to submit papers. Submission Requirements To propose a paper for consideration by the 2004 Symposium Abstract Review Committee, please submit: Abstract (approx. 150 words); or 1-2 page summary of your proposed paper; or Completed paper (draft acceptable); Contact information of author(s). name, organization, mailing address including postal code and country, e-mail address, phone and fax numbers; and Brief biography of the author(s) Proposals may be sent by mail or as an e-mail attachment. All submissions must be written in English. E-mail: cip-odell@umuc.edu Please send your electronic submission in PDF or Word format, with "2004 call for papers" in the subject field. or send to: 2004 Call for Papers Center for Intellectual Property, SFSC 3219 University of Maryland University College Adelphi, Maryland 20783 USA

 urlLink ERIC Digests on Libraries Here is another good resource. It lists (with some annotation) the different ERIC Digests that relate to libraries, librarianship, and library science.

 urlLink ERIC Digests en Espanol Lo que sigue es una lista de recursos españoles preparados por el sistema de ERIC (Centro De Información Educativo De los Recursos).

 urlLink Total Choice Web Hosting Family - Nonprofit Sites Here is a nice little directory of non-profit web sites hosted by this company. Nothing too earth shattering, but since I have blogger's block today, I thought I would link to at least a semi-useful site...

 urlLink Groundhog .org - the Official Site of the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club Happy Groundhog Day! This is a great minor holiday and I still think I ought to get the day off paid! Some history from the site: "Groundhog Day, February 2nd, is a popular tradition in the United States. It is also a legend that traverses centuries, its origins clouded in the mists of time with ethnic cultures and animals awakening on specific dates. Myths such as this tie our present to the distant past when nature did, indeed, influence our lives. It is the day that the Groundhog comes out of his hole after a long winter sleep to look for his shadow." "If he sees it, he regards it as an omen of six more weeks of bad weather and returns to his hole." "If the day is cloudy and, hence, shadowless, he takes it as a sign of spring and stays above ground." "The groundhog tradition stems from similar beliefs associated with Candlemas Day and the days of early Christians in Europe, and for centuries the custom was to have the clergy bless candles and distribute them to the people. Even then, it marked a milestone in the winter and the weather that day was important."

 urlLink When Worlds Collide: Libraries & Writing Centers Here is a new article at Academic Exchange Quarterly . It is a good article which details how libraries can work well with writing centers. Only the abstract is online but the full article can be found in the Spring 2004 issue which will be out soon. Abstract: "Most college campuses have writing centers, where students can get help from professional and peer tutors with their writing skills. When students need research help, they can get help from librarians. But wouldn’t it be great if writing centers and libraries could collaborate and combine the benefits of peer tutoring with research assistance? This article presents one collaborative approach to combining a writing center’s peer tutoring program with a library’s research assistance program."

 urlLink Reference and Bibliographic Instruction Here is an article from Illinois Libraries which examines BI philosophy statements from various libraries. From the article: "What is your philosophy toward reference service?" "What is your philosophy towards bibliographic instruction?" These are common questions put to candidates for librarian positions in public services. What interviewers are trying to elicit is some statement of the candidate's beliefs, priorities or values on the subject. Although responses vary, statements of philosophy generally point to the candidate's professing to fall at either the instructional or the informational end of the spectrum. Statements of reference philosophy might point to a belief in teaching students how to find their own answers (instruction) or in providing the answers themselves (information). Similarly, statements of bibliographic instruction philosophy might point to a belief in promoting student self-sufficiency and life-long learning (instruction) or in providing students with just enough information to get them through the current assignment (information). Philosophy statements pose difficulties. A library may have its own philosophies toward reference and bibliographic instruction, or it may have an amalgam of philosophies held by individual librarians. If library-wide philosophies exist, they may be written or unwritten. If unwritten, they may or may not be widely understood. If written, they may have come "top down" from the library administrator of "bottom up" from discussions among librarians themselves. And even if these philosophies, written or unwritten, are widely understood, they may not be followed in practice. Full article at urlLink http://www.lib.niu.edu/ipo/il980257.html .

 urlLink Shoreham Elementary/Partners in Education Mystery Quest Project In honor of Abraham's Lincoln birthday, I am blogging this lesson for 5th graders from Shoreham Elementary that uses Abraham Lincoln's murder to teach about the judicial system using information literacy concepts. From the site: The Murder of Abraham Lincoln is an introduction to our Judicial System. The Mystery Quest is designed to have students work in groups so as to become familiar with our legal system. This project initiates students into a unit on the American Judicial System. This project is consistent with current Information Literacy standards and practices. Students working on this unit will: - Work in groups to research the historical significance of Lincoln's assassination. - Develop an understanding of the complexity of a trial, especially one as important as Lincoln's assassination. - Work with the trial's transcipts, Booth's Diary, and evolving conspirary theories to describe characteristics of our judicial system . - Share written work in theShoreham Fifth Grade Weblog, work collaboratively on writing and editing, and communicate via Chats and Asynchronous Discussions about ideas, themes, and issues raised in the writing.

 urlLink Information Literacy Roundtable Award Nomination The Information Literacy Roundtable of the Michigan Library Association is seeking nominations for their information literacy award. Here is the wording from an e-mail from Anthony S. Guardado at Hope College: Wondering how to spend this chilly winter day? Well, energize yourself by nominating someone for the 2004 Information Literacy Award sponsored by MLA’s Information Literacy Roundtable. The Information Literacy Award recognizes a Michigan library advocate, from any type of library, who has made an especially significant contribution to instructional activities in libraries. The nomination process is now easier than ever before. For more information and nomination requirements, simply go to: urlLink http://www.mla.lib.mi.us/units/roundtable/ilr/ilrtawardform.htm The deadline for the 2004 award is July 1, 2004. All nominations are active for three years. Self-nominations welcome. Have a question? Feel free to contact any member of the Information Literacy Roundtable board.

 urlLink SBC Knowledge Network Explorer : Online Learning : Blue Web'n Homepage This is a nice collection of education sites divided into categories. They even assign web sites Dewey numbers! From the site: "Blue Web'n is an online library of 1800+ outstanding Internet sites categorized by subject, grade level, and format (lessons, activities, projects, resources, references, & tools). You can search by grade level (Refined Search), broad subject area (Content Areas), or specific sub-categories (Subject Area). Each week 5 new sites are added. You can get a list and description of these additions sent to you by signing up below for free weekly updates!"

 urlLink Magical Library Lessons This is a delightful book by Lynne Farrell Stover which contains a variety of lesson plans for 4th to 8th graders. These are very well done. One reviewer at Amazon.com wrote: "Magical Library Lessons by Lynne Farrell Stover (Library Media Specialist at Wilbur S. Pence Middle School, Dayton, Virginia) is a consumable workbook of 15 "stand-alone" lessons -- each of which can be taught within a 30-45 minute time frame, and are specifically designed to introduce children to the wealth of resources their school and community libraries have to offer. Sprightly language and engagingly varied themes distinguish this fun and informative instructional planner for teaching elementary through junior high students how to make effective use of a thesaurus, how to write using foreshadowing and flashbacks, how to distinguish between primary and secondary sources, and more. Magical Library Lessons is a thoroughly "kid friendly" addition to any Library Science curriculum for grades 4 to 8."

 urlLink The Emerging Role of Tribal College Libraries in Indian Education. ERIC Digest. One rarely looked at area is academic libraries serving tribal colleges. Often lacking good funding sources, these libraries attempt to provide their students and faculty a wide range of resources and teach information literacy at the same time. This article examines two different research studies on tribal college libraries. From the article: "This digest examines the emerging role of tribal college libraries as one aspect of Indian education, which encompasses pre-school through adult education and higher education. Tribal college libraries have received comparatively little attention in the research literature. When these libraries are mentioned at all, readers learn only a few briefly stated facts (see, for example, Carnegie Report, 1989). Now, two recent studies provide more extensive information. One study examines the role of libraries in the development of tribal colleges and the other offers perspectives of tribal college presidents about the expanding role of tribal college libraries. Both studies clarify the growing importance of tribal college libraries in the overall tribal effort to educate Indian people." Full article at urlLink http://www.ericdigests.org/1992-2/role.htm .

 urlLink Web-Beacon This is a new volunteer edited Web directory. As it is being started by a veteran of the volunteer edited directory urlLink GoGuides.org , it may actually be a successful project. The benefit for librarians and teachers to help at these types of directories is obvious. A manually reviewed Web directory means only the best sites get listed. This in turn results in better search results for Web searchers. From the site: "First of all, what is Web-Beacon and what is its mission? Web-Beacon is a virtual community made up of people from all over the world brought together by common goals: to build and maintain a directory of the highest quality and give each and every member a voice in its growth and operation." "Together we are working to make Web-Beacon known, not only for its dedication to the highest quality, but equally so for the value and importance placed on each and every individual member in our growing community of editors and reviewers. We are striving to have a directory of excellence--in line with public standards of taste and decency--a safe environment for families." "In short, we are volunteers creating a search directory of high quality websites while valuing each other's input."

 urlLink Wikinfo This is another volunteer written online enyclopedia. It is a spin-off directory from urlLink Wikipedia using the same software but building it's own content. Note on site: "Wikinfo, or Internet-Encyclopedia, is a project to create a universal open content encyclopedia. The site was launched in July, 2003. So far, there are 20873 Wikinfo articles, with Wikipedia articles available via XML import. Wikinfo is a wiki: visit the help page and experiment in the sandbox to learn how you can edit any article. Inspired by Wikipedia, Wikinfo is different in a number of ways, notably, in editorial policy. Here, the main article on a subject is written from a sympathetic point of view; another difference is that Wikinfo is much more tolerant of a number of things Wikipedia is not." Articles of note: urlLink Information Literacy urlLink Library Instruction urlLink Library and Information Science urlLink Active Learning urlLink Michael Lorenzen urlLink Coperative Education

 urlLink Usage of Content in Web-Supported Academic Courses Librarians and faculty spend a lot of time (and money) making library resources available to students online. This is particularly true for web supported courses for distance learning students. Do students actually use this content? This is a full-text article from Academic Exchange Quarterly written by Rafi Nachmias and Limor Segev of Tel-Aviv University in Israel which looks at how students use online content placed on the web for their use in a course. Abstract: "The use of the Internet as an instructional tool in higher education is rapidly increasing. We are witnessing the development of huge amounts of learning materials for academic web-sites. Still, there is little empirical evidence regarding the actual use of these contents by students. In this study, computer logs are used in order to evaluate how online contents are consumed, the individual differences among students in terms of contents usage are investigated as are the amount of contents that is presented in courses' web-supported sites. Finally, further implications of information related to content usage are discussed, and their relevance for the evaluation of ICT implementation in higher education institutes is shown." Full article at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/cho23003w.htm .

 urlLink From Library Skills to Information Literacy This is a book from the California Media & Library Educators Association that I found useful. Book description from the publisher: This popular and ground-breaking guide to information literacy and its incorporation into the school and library media center curriculum is now even more valuable as it provides models and strategies for working with regular and English learner students. With the rapid rise of new immigrants in our society, this guide demonstrates how all learners, no matter their background language, can profit from learning and information literacy model and applying it to their everyday life and to their educational quests. The volume begins with a three-dimensional model of information literacy. The next chapter explores the various models of teaching from behaviorist to constructivist and the role of the library media specialist in collaborating with both teaching styles. The role of information literacy in both resource-based teaching and resource-based learning is explored. The balance of the book provides very practical advice for integrating information literacy activities into a broad range of teaching and learning situations. Critical thinking activities, journaling, developing questions, building background, tapping the multiple intelligences are just a few of the ideas covered. A valuable addition are rubrics for the assessment of information literacy and projects containing information literacy components.

 urlLink Library Support Staff in an Age of Change: Utilization, Role Definition and Status. ERIC Digest. I recently worked on an unsuccessful proposal for a presentation for the LOEX Conference this year. It was titled, "The Use of Support Staff in Library Instruction." While I am not surprised the proposal was not selected (many of my library instruction colleagues resist using support staff for library instruction roles), I was disappointed. The roles of support staff in libraries are continuing to evolve and instruction is just one area that papaprofessionals are actively assisting librarians in. From the article: THE EMERGENCE OF THE PARAPROFESSIONAL Over the past twenty or more years, automation of library processes, declining budgets, contraction of higher education generally, and entry into the electronic information age have changed libraries. New library tasks have been created and others realigned. This redistribution of the library workload has given rise to a new category of employee, the paraprofessional. Driven largely by forces from outside the profession, the emergence of a paraprofessional category of library employment has been largely uninhibited by associational policy or guidelines. THE ROLE OF THE PARAPROFESSIONAL In a recent survey of their role, status, and working conditions, Oberg (1992) found that paraprofessionals constitute a vital, growing force within our libraries. Few traditional or newly created tasks are off-limits, and paraprofessionals are assigned complex duties that a generation ago characterized the work of librarians. Today, paraprofessionals administer major functional areas of our libraries, are assigned reference and information desk duties, perform a variety of systems work, and catalog most of the books that are added to our collections. Paraprofessionals have had a dramatic impact upon technical services. In the brief period since the advent of the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC), they have come to dominate this workforce. A similar increase in the utilization of support staff may be occurring in public services as well. A movement toward tiered (or differentiated) reference service, and a past record of successful performance at reference and information desks is ensuring paraprofessionals a larger role in the direct provision of information. In a number of libraries, they have already assumed primary responsibility for basic reference. Full article at urlLink http://www.ericdigests.org/1996-1/support.htm .

 urlLink Yeandi Web Directory This is a cute little directory. It actually is rather decent... From the site: The Yeandi Directory The name is derived from the phrase "yet another directory". Submitting Sites To submit a site you need to browse to the appropriate category and click the add site link in the top right of the site listing pane. Not all sites get listed, it's a family friendly directory, aiming to list useful sites - there's no need to submit multiple times - and, unless the site is exceptionally large, it will only be sited in one category. Category Suggestions Feel free to make suggestions for further categories - you can email info@yeandi.com.

 urlLink LMC Information Literacy Titles Here is a nice collection of information literacy book titles geared towards the K-12 crowd. The first listed title ( Build Your Own Information Literate School ) looks particularly interesting. Blurb for Build Your Own Information Literate School : "The book: Info Tasks has been well received across the country as a unique book for teaching information literacy. Now these excellent authors have written a more extensive and innovative method of teaching information literacy. While following a general information literacy model, each skill is a two-page spread of wonderful advice on how to teach and assess how well children and teens can practice what they are taught. But this book is very different! The authors present teaching tips for teaching each skill to novices, apprentices, and InfoStars (novice to advanced). Then they give examples from various curricular areas so that the guide can be used across the curriculum and across the grade levels. Their coverage not only covers traditional finding, locating and sorting information, but they tackle analysis and synthesis of information as well. Many useful worksheets provide ideas for teaching. According to David Loertscher this is the very best information literacy book to appear in years and is extremely useful and practical for elementary through high school because of its unique approach."

 urlLink ACRL - Internet Education Project This project is highlighting good instructional resources that teach students to use the Web. It includes a databse of these materials as well a site of the month archive. From the site: "The Internet Education Project (IEP) is a means to promote and share peer reviewed instructional materials created by librarians to teach people about discovering, accessing and evaluating information in networked environments. The Committee hopes that publicizing selective, high quality resources will help librarians to respond to the educational challenges posed by still emerging digital technologies."

 urlLink Illinois Libraries This site gives access to the text of articles from the journal Illinois Libraries . Currently, all issues from 1998 to the present are available. It also appears as though the intent is to get all the issues back to 1950 online as well. This is a good solid library journal with contributions from librarians across the USA despite the obvious Illinois focus. I have published 5 papers here myself. It is also indexed by ERIC and Library Literature . I think most librarians could find an article of interest within a few minutes of browsing.

 urlLink Course Integrated Library Instruction. This is from 1988 but it is a well crafted and thought out article. Much of what was written about is still applicable today for those of us trying to better integrate our library instruction programs with the courses being taught at our schools. From the site: "I would like to suggest that the work done by bibliographic instruction librarians over the past 15 years has changed, at least to some extent, the negative image of librarians held by some faculty, and has paved the way for the kind of integrated instruction that is occurring in some academic institutions today. In addition, the advent of database searching, CD ROM players, and online catalogs has caused faculty to turn to librarians for help in greater numbers than ever before. As a result of these factors (and perhaps others as well), faculty are beginning to recognize the expertise of reference librarians and to acknowledge the desirability of working with them as equals. For an instructional program to be truly integrated, such recognition and acknowledgement are essential; we know from long experience that, unless the instructor of a given course cooperates fully with the librarian, any instruction on library use given in that course remains peripheral to it." "Course-integrated library instruction requires that the librarian and the instructor work together closely in planning research assignments and in introducing students to the library. It requires that the research expertise of the librarian be recognized as an important component in completing course assignments. It also requires that the librarian thoroughly understand the goals of the course and that he/she have a basic knowledge of the subject matter. The librarian and the instructor become working partners in preparing the assignment and in working it through with the students. It may also require that the librarian be involved in the evaluation and grading of the papers for the course."

 urlLink ERIC Digest Blog This blog is trying to keep ERIC Digests in the forefront now that the ERIC Clearinghouse system is dead. It blogs a different digest each day. With over 2800+ ERIC Digests, this means that blog will have over 8 years of life. :] From the site: This blog features the different education ERIC Digests created by the ERIC Clearinghouse system. These clearinghouses are now gone but this blog will highlight the various ERIC Digests. These digests were well done and they deserve the continued attention of parents and educators.

 urlLink Library Instruction This Geocity site is some library school student's website. I-Tan Mao posted this paper on library instruction for high school students. It is actually pretty good... From the site: WHAT IS GOOD LIBRARY INSTRUCTION? According to Dewald (1999), there are some characteristics of good library instruction 1. Library instruction has to relate with students' courses. When students can see library instruction’s benefit to their coursework immediately, it is more received by them. 2. Drueke (1992) has indicated that active learning is more helpful than only lecture. It can be performed with individual or cooperative exercises, or other forms of practice. 3. It is necessary to offer more than one medium to help students. Some students learn best through a listening channel and some learn well through a visual channel. If instructors put these media together, the effect of library instruction will be more effective than either medium alone. 4. Wright (1991) has pointed out that clear educational objectives are very important. They can help the librarian to develop the instruction and provide an outline for the students. 5. Good library instruction teaches concepts, not only mechanics. Even if students are in a different library or use dissimilar databases and computer interfaces, they should know how to use the resources. 6. Good library instruction does not end with class. It includes asking the librarian for help in the future. White (1992) emphasizes this ongoing availability of the librarian would make students self-sufficient.

 urlLink UTS_Library - Australian Information Literacy Standards These are a few years old now but here are the information literacy standards being used by Australian librarians. From the Site: Australian Information Literacy Standards In October 2000, the Council of Australian University Librarians (CAUL) adopted seven standards for Information Literacy in Australia. Complete Australian Information Literacy Standards documentation is available from CAUL. According to these standards, the information literate person: recognises the need for information and determines the nature and extent of the information needed accesses needed information effectively and efficiently evaluates information and its sources critically and incorporates selected information into their knowledge base and value system classifies, stores, manipulates and redrafts information collected or generated expands, reframes or creates new knowledge by integrating prior knowledge and new understandings individually or as a member of a group understands cultural, economic, legal, and social issues surrounding the use of information and accesses and uses information ethically, legally and respectfully recognises that lifelong learning and participative citizenship requires information literacy These Australian Information Literacy Standards are derived from the United States Information Literacy Competency Standards for Higher Education, which were approved by the Association of College and Research Libraries in January 2000.

 urlLink Building a Learning Organization @ Your Library This article is from MLA Forum which is the online journal of the Michigan Library Association. It focuses on public libraries but the underlying theme of having a library which is a "learning organization" would apply to any library setting. From the article: "Encouraging staff members to be personally involved in the community is another important step in bridging the gap between library and non-patron. Staff members should volunteer with local non-profit organizations like literacy coalitions and local schools. These informal methods, combined with regular needs assessments, will provide your library with the insights needed to ensure its continued growth and vitality." "It is also important for librarians to get involved in professional organizations as Margaret Auer, dean of University Libraries at the University of Detroit Mercy, emphasized to a graduate class of library professionals at Wayne State University. According to Auer, being involved in professional library organizations allows you to give back to the profession and "gives you an opportunity to build a network of other library professionals that you can call on when you have an issue or problem you want to think through. Meeting and working with personnel from other libraries also allows you to learn different approaches to working with patrons, how others approach technology or technical issues, how people deal differently with personnel issues, and the list of information you can gather is unlimited." The only cost to the library is support for employees' involvement and time away from the desk to attend meetings." "Creating a library that is truly a learning organization takes leaders with vision - a vision of a library where communication, information, respect, and ideas circulate as freely as the air. It also takes commitment - commitment to the people, the institution and the community. It will cost an organization time and money, but as Cetwinski (2000) says, "The rise in job satisfaction and retention is well worth it. As we acquire new skills and ideas, we become more interested in our work. We raise confidence levels, which prepare us for future responsibilities within the organization. We take ownership in our work and are more likely to feel a loyalty to the organization" (¶ 12). In short, we become the very best librarians we can be."

 urlLink ERICDigests.org - 2004/3/2 -- List of 55 ERIC Digests. The ERIC Clearinghouses are gone but the last ERIC Digests they produced are still being published. 55 new ERIC Digests were posted yesterday. None of them deal with libraries but I am sure that all of them will be useful. Are these the last ERIC Digests ever? Will more appear? Here are a few that might be of interest to librarians: urlLink Evaluating and Selecting Online Magazines for Children. ERIC Digest. urlLink Exploring the Function of Heroes and Heroines in Children's Literature from around the World. ERIC Digest. urlLink Learning through Discussion: Designing Tasks for Critical Inquiry and Reflective Learning. ERIC Digest. urlLink The Impact of Electronic Communication on Writing. ERIC Digest. urlLink Technology Professional Development: Successful Strategies for Teacher Change. ERIC Digest. urlLink Understanding and Preventing Teacher Burnout. ERIC Digest. urlLink Telecommunications Distance Learning and Teacher Preparation. ERIC Digest. urlLink Building an Instructional Framework for Effective Community College Developmental Education. ERIC Digest. urlLink Indicators of Teacher Quality. ERIC Digest. urlLink Youth in Adult Basic and Literacy Education Programs. ERIC Digest. urlLink Employment of People with Disabilities. ERIC Digest.

 urlLink SYMPOSIUM FOR ACADEMIC LIBRARIANS 2004: The Role of the Library in Academic Enterprise - If you live in the midwest of the USA, you may wish to consider attending this workshop/conference. From an advertising blurb for the event: Sponsored by the Michigan Library Association's Academic and Research Libraries Division Please join us for a day of ideas, research, shared experiences, and discussion. The Symposium's theme, "The Role of the Library in Academic Enterprise", is one of ALA/ACRL's Top Issues Facing Academic Libraries. ** When: Friday, April 30, 2004 ** Where: Eastern Michigan University - Halle Library ** Registration: $55 - ARLD members | $65 - MLA members | $90 - Non-MLA members ** Registration form: http://www.mla.lib.mi.us/development/workshops/index.htm#ARLD ** CEUs: Applied for ** Door Prizes: YES!

 urlLink Assessing the Effectiveness of Problem Based Learning in Higher Education: Lessons from the Literature I have complained how difficult I find assessment before here. I am always happy to find good articles which look at this difficult topic. The blogged site of the day is a literature review on the subject from Academic Exchange Quarterly . It focuses on problem-based learning in higher education but is certainly applicable for librarian/teachers at all levels. Abstract: "Problem‑Based Learning (PBL) is an innovative educational approach that is gaining prominence in higher education. A review of the literature of PBL outcomes summarizes, across multiple studies, the positive effects of problem‑based learning. Since PBL brings with it unique challenges to traditional assessment, however, this study suggests alternative approaches. Alternative assessment may provide additional insight into the effectiveness of PBL and other alternative pedagogies."

 urlLink LEAPzine 2004 - The Online Newsletter about February 29 Happy Leap Day! This day only comes around every four years so enjoy it. I think that those who have to work on this day should get four times their normal salary. I would'nt like to have a Leap Day birthday. However, in the paper this morning, I read about a couple who are celebrating their 15th (actually 60th) wedding anniversary. The man in that couple was wise. He only has to worry about remembering their anniversary every four years. The blogged site of the day has a variety of information, games, and items for sale relating to Leap Day. It is a nice site but I imagine most of the traffic it gets only peaks every fourth year.

 urlLink Open Directory - Reference: Libraries: Library and Information Science: User Services: Information Literacy I have blogged the Open Directory Project Information Literacy category today. There are 57 quality sites on information literacy here. The Open Directory Project is the best Web directory out there right now. (Yahoo, the second best requires a $299 fee for a site to be considered. The quality of Yahoo continues to decline. How many good non-commerical sites won't pay?) Other good Open Directory categories: urlLink Reference: Education: Instructional Technology: Evaluation: Web Site Evaluation urlLink Reference: Libraries: Library and Information Science: User Services: Library Instruction (Note the Yahoo category with this name has 3 sites. That is so pathetic and insulting to instruction librarians...) urlLink Science: Science in Society: Skeptical Inquiry: Critical Thinking urlLink Society: Issues: Education: Literacy: Information Literacy

 urlLink Yahoo! Directory National Library of Education > ERIC Educational Resources This list is from Yahoo. The editors there seem to be doing a good job updating the urls of the former ERIC Clearinghouses as they take on new identities as non-government agencies. A couple former ERIC Clearinghouses of note: urlLink The Educator's Reference Desk - This is from the folks who ran AskERIC. urlLink Clearinghouse on Educational Policy and Management This is the former ERIC Clearinghouse on Educational Management. urlLink Educational REALMS This is the former ERIC Clearinghouse for Science Mathematics and Environmental Education. urlLink Early Childhood and Parenting Collaborative This is the former ERIC Clearinghouse on Elementary and Early Childhood Education.

 urlLink Information Technology and the Informed Citizen: New Challenges for Government and Libraries. ERIC Digest. This pre-Patriot Act government publication on information literacy and the need for libraries to keep citizens informed is interesting. It looks at many issues such as using libraries as gateways, librarians as educators, and costs but fails entirely to look at national security concerns. The times are always changing... From the site - Thomas Jefferson wrote: If a Nation expects to be ignorant and free in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.... [I]f we are to guard against ignorance and remain free, it is the responsibility of every American to be informed. (Letter to Colonel Charles Yancey, January 6, 1816) The link between popular government and an informed citizenry was a theme that ran throughout Jefferson's writings and efforts, from the establishment of the University of Virginia to his advocacy of public libraries. Every generation since has faced the challenge of achieving an informed citizenry that is capable of making reasoned decisions and acting on those decisions. The current generation of citizens is faced with a three-fold challenge made more difficult by the volume and complexity of information relevant to public affairs: (1) how to access information, (2) how to find the best information for the given task, and (3) how to make sense of the information once obtained (that is, how to transform information into useful knowledge). The burden of citizens in becoming informed has increased dramatically as electronic technology has accelerated the production and transmission of information. As in Jefferson's time, libraries continue to be essential institutions as people in the "Information Age" grapple with their responsibility to become informed.

 urlLink ALA | What Do Latino Students Know Anyway about Information Literacy? This is a good article which looks at one group (Latino students) and their knowledge of information literacy. Nothing too earth shaking here but it is an informative read. From the site: With some notable exceptions, there's not a lot in the literature of academic librarianship on library and information services to the largest minority group in the United States -- Latinos and Latinas. Librarians who are members of Reforma, the National Association to Promote Library and Information Services to Latinos and the Spanish Speaking, have a lot of knowledge about Latinas and Latinos, and have been at the forefront in the profession even as the profession has not noticed their efforts. Reformistas, like John Ayala, Luis Chaparro, Ana María Cobos, Ron Rodriguez, Susana Hinojosa and Richard Chabrán, have written about library service to Latino students. Librarian Susan A. Vega has produced extensive websites that document practical approaches to crossing information literacy with Latino Studies in particular and with Ethnic Studies in general. And there is the work of individual librarians like Lori Mestre, who has focussed on library instruction for Latinos students. Information literacy is becoming a popular concept in higher education. The Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) has made information literacy one of its key initiatives. Courses on information literacy are showing up in many universities, colleges and community colleges. As an indication of its popularity in the field, note that the online library literature index, LibraryLit, showed 338 hits in July 2001 on the exact phrase “information literacy,” 146 of these since 1998. In comparison, only 71 items showed up with the keyword “Latino” and since 1998 only 26. Only 14 items came up with the keyword "Latina" and many of these were not about Latinas but about América Latina! So it would seem that as a profession, librarianship knows more about information literacy than it knows about Latinos. Interestingly, when I searched for articles that combined the keywords “information literacy” with “Latino” or "Latina" I got 0 (zero) hits.

 urlLink Sample feedback from authors I am the Executive Editor of Academic Exxhange Quarterly which is a higher education teaching journal. I have learned a lot over the last year on what submitters to scholarly journals should and should not do when working with a journal. (I think I can do a workshop now...) Here is a "sample" problem exchange. From the site: EIGHT From: Academic Exchange Quarterly Hi: No problem, your submission was removed from journal's review process and placed on suspended list http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/redak01.htm We understand your decision. However, may I point out that your understanding of AEQ review procedure and/or editorial policy is wrong. Here are two instances: PRIMO, you are wrong when you say in reference to redactory fee "To enter into a monetary transaction to assure that my articles are published would be viewed with disdain at my university." Because, didn't we tell you in previous email "SIX" that AEQ does not accept "fee for publication" and that any payment of redactory fee does not guarantee publication? SECUNDO, your label "AEQ for profit operation" is misleading in the context you present it. AEQ is for profit journal same as Harvard Educational Review. Both (AEQ and HER) are unit of larger entity: AEQ - Rapid Intellect Group; HER - Harvard Education Publishing Group. Both were set up to make profit in order to pay related expenses... AEQs expenses are covered by subscription and optional redactory fees http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/karte9.htm paid by authors unwilling or unable to comply with submission guidelines http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/rufen1.htm In your instance, it seems that you had no desire to shorten your submission length from 3671 words to 3000... To this effect, wouldn't it have been easier to say so at the beginning instead of fishing for a discount or a favor... AEQ prides itself on having optional redactory fees only. Other journals meet their expenses by mandatory fees, see http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/redfee.htm

 urlLink Library Instruction History: Bibliography This is a bibliography listing articles which describe the history of library instruction or old articles of historic importance which help in understanding library instruction history. From the bibliography: Bishop, W. W. (1912). Training in the use of books. Sewanee review, 20 (July), pp. 265-81. Branscomb, H. (1940). Teaching with books: A study of college libraries. Chicago: American Library Association and Association of American Colleges. Davis, R. C. (1886). Teaching bibliography in colleges. Library journal, 11 (September), pp. 289-94. Dewey, M. (1876). The profession. American library journal, 1 (September), pp. 5, 6. Hardesty, L. L., Scmitt, J. P., and Tucker, J. M. (1986). User instruction in academic libraries: A century of selected readings. Metuchen, New Jersey: The Scarecrow Press. Hopkins, F L. (1981). User instruction in the college library: Origins, prospects, and a practical program. In College librarianship, ed. By W. Miller and D. S. Rockwood. Metuchen, NJ: Scarecrow Press, pp. 173-204. Hopkins, F. L. (1982). A century of bibliographic instruction: The historic claim to professional and academic legitimacy. College and research libraries, 43 (May), pp. 192-98. Johnson, B. L. (1933). Stephens College library experiment. ALA bulletin, 27 (May), pp. 205-11. Knapp, P. B. (1964). The methodology and results of the Monteith pilot project. Library trends, 13(1), pp. 84-102. Knapp, P. B. (1966). The Monteith College library experiment. New York: Scarecrow Press. Lorenzen, M. (2001). Brief history of library instruction in the United States. Illinois libraries, 83(2), pp. 8-18. Full bibliography at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/libib1.html .

 urlLink Learning Partners -- Let's Use the Library! Teaching information literacy skills is important and the earlier children are exposed to the concepts the better off they will be. Visiting the local public library as a toddler can help to set the tone for evaluation skills later in life. The blogged page of the day discusses ways that parents can get their children involved at the public library. From the site: Most public libraries offer a wide variety of children's books and magazines, with many in Spanish and other languages. In addition to printed materials, libraries often lend audiotapes and videocassettes of childrens' books and movies, and more libraries are making computers available to the public. Many libraries also sponsor special programs, including children's story hours, summer reading programs, and homework help. If your child has special needs, be sure to ask about services the library offers for the blind, the deaf, and those who are gifted or need remedial help. Many libraries have specially trained librarians for children. Feel free to ask them for help. Here are some things you can do to introduce your child to the library: Include children--even toddlers--in trips to the library, and go often. As soon as you can, help your child get a library card. Borrow recordings of children's stories and songs, cassette tapes, compact discs, videotapes, even puppets and educational toys. Find out if your library has computers and how your children can use them to learn or upgrade skills. Encourage your children to use the library to find information for their homework. Encourage your children to ask for help from you and the librarian in finding books and materials. Work with the librarian to teach older children how to find things in the library on their own. Teach your children how to take care of themselves in public places, especially if they use the library alone. Stress common sense guidelines for behavior in the library.

 urlLink Information Skills for an Information Society: A Review of Research. ERIC Digest. This is a good review of pre-1987 research on information literacy. It is written by Susan Hubbard and is shorter version of Carol Kuhlthau book, Information Skills for an Information Society: A Review of Research . From the article: Living in an "information society" implies dealing with a barrage of information on a daily basis. Our success and survival depend upon our abilities to locate, analyze, and use information skillfully and appropriately. Yet, in recent years, reports have documented the "functional illiteracy" of many adults, who are unable to manage the information they need. Internationally, educators have begun research and development of means to increase information literacy. In schools, administrators, teachers, and library media specialists are working together to develop strategies that will enable school children to gain competence in using information. Library school media centers are key places where skills and resources are integrated to provide students with access to information about subjects across the curriculum. In addition, information technologies and information literacy programs have been developed for use in schools. Public education's previously inadequate responses to the dynamic changes taking place in society were brought to national attention by the 1983 report, "A Nation At Risk: The Imperative for Educational Reform." As awareness increased of children's need to be able to manage information, several major developments in education occurred. These developments have been categorized as belonging to three groups: (1) acknowledgement of the need for a more integrated approach to curriculum development; (2) recognition that larger problems lie beyond the immediate one of providing students with basic computer literacy; and (3) adoption of a holistic approach to education centered around fundamental problem-solving techniques (Information and computing recommendations, 1986).

 urlLink Bad Medicine: Study Finds Problems with Online Healthcare Information Yet another important area to promote Web evaluation skills in. I am not the least surprised that searchers have difficulty finding reliable health information online. From the article: Searching for health information on the web? Be careful: A new study says that it's difficult for many people to accurately access and evaluate credible health information. High quality, reliable health information abounds on the web, from such sources as the Centers for Disease Control and the National Library of Medicine's PubMed. Directories like the U.K.'s OMNI Gateway serve as trusted guides to many other credible sources. The problem is that many people aren't aware of these resources. And many other, often quite dubious sources of information, are promoted heavily and easily found with search engines, posing a risk for users who accept the information or products offered by these sites without critical judgement. Full article at urlLink http://searchenginewatch.com/searchday/article.php/3319441 .

 Announcement of online information literacy seminar from ALA: ACRL and TLT Group are offering their online seminar, Effective Collaboration for Campus-wide Information Literacy: The Blended Librarian’s Perspective on How To Make It Work, April 6-20, 2004. Registration is open! Seminar Dates: April 6-20, 2004 Seminar Leaders: Steven Bell, Philadelphia University and John Shank, Penn State University Synchronous Webcasts: Tuesdays, 3-4 p.m. Eastern (April 6, 13, & 20) Seminar Goal: To help participants identify techniques and tools that will enable academic librarians, faculty members, information technologists, instructional design professionals, et al. to discover or develop and implement new approaches to collaboration among these groups to achieve maximum integration of the library into the teaching and learning process throughout their institutions. To help guide such collaborative efforts toward library, curricular, and other related institutional goals - especially those of advancing information literacy. The seminar will bring a new perspective on information literacy and collaboration through a conceptual framework the workshop leaders refer to as "Blended Librarianship." For more details about the seminar and a link to the registration page, visit: urlLink www.ala.org/ala/acrl/acrlproftools/collaboration.htm Registration discounts are available for ACRL members, those affiliated with TLT subscriber institutions, and ALA members. This seminar is part of a three-part information literacy series offered by ACLR and TLT (for more information visit: urlLink www.acrl.org/e-learning ).

 urlLink Amazing Cheap Books Web Directory Here is new Web directory based on data from the Open Directory Project. It looks nice even with the numerous Amazon ads. (I always like funky backgrounds.)

 urlLink Assessment & Criticism of Library Instruction: A Bibliography Assessing library instruction and information literacy endeavors is hard. I still have not completely figured it out. The blogged site of the day is a bibliography on literature about this topic. Start of the bibliography: Ackerson, L. G. and Young, V. E. (1994). Evaluating the impact of library instruction methods on the quality of student research. Research strategies, 12 (Summer), pp. 132-44. Baldwin, J. F. and Rudolph, R. S. (1979). The comparative effectiveness of a slide/tape show and library tour. College and research libraries, 40 (January), pp. 31-35. Barclay, D. (1993). Evaluating library instruction: Doing the best you can with what you have. RQ, 33 (Winter), pp. 195-202. Biggs, M. M. (1979). On my mind - "The perils of library instruction". Journal of academic librarianship, 5 (July), pp. 159+. Colborn, N. W. and Cordell, R. M. (1998). Moving from subjective to objective assessments of your instruction program. Reference services review, 26(3/4), pp. 125-38. Currie, M. et al. (1982). Evaluating the relationship between library skills and library instruction. Canadian library journal, 39 (February), pp. 35-37. Duff, A. S. (1995). Is intellectual property theft? BI's hidden agenda. Research strategies, 13 (Summer), pp. 132-37. Dunn, K. (2002). Assessing information literacy skills in the California State University: A progress report. Journal of academic librarianship, 28, pp. 26-35.

 urlLink Critical Thinking in an Online World This article by Debra Jones is from 1996. It is amazing how relevant it still is. Abstract: In a rapidly evolving information technology era, librarians find their foundations of professionalism shaken. Critically evaluating the intrinsic role of the librarian reveals our responsibility for the education of independent information seekers. Using the model of the expert and apprentice, librarians need to focus on the teaching of critical thinking skills, over and above the more mechanistic skills of evaluation of resources and mastery of search tools. The design of instruction in a situated learning environment, utilizing constructivist tenets and a self-directed inquiry based approach leads to higher order cognitive skills and applicable, transferable learning. An instructional design project for teaching critical thinking skills in the evaluation of online resources is described as an example curriculum?

 urlLink Critical Thinking in College English Studies. This article talks about the role of critical thinking in college English programs. As most academic librarians reach students through English writing programs, this article seems relevant. What new ways can libraries and English departments work together to promote critical thinking? From the site: In California and elsewhere, college-level critical thinking instruction has largely been assumed to be the realm of philosophy departments. Within the discipline of philosophy, however, the critical thinking movement has turned from an emphasis on formal logic and linguistic analysis, and toward informal logic, or the application of principles of reasoning to everyday situations. The movement has also seen a growing attention to the mental attitudes and emotional "dispositions" that foster or impede critical thinking within the broader context of psychological, cultural, social, and political influences. This changing emphasis within philosophy has promoted interdisciplinary coordination of critical thinking studies with English and rhetoric along with many other fields--preeminently developmental psychology.

 urlLink USA-Presidents.Info - Biographies and information on every American president. This is a nice site that I am sure will serve as a primary reference tool for many children doing homework. It is a straight forward site which has biographies (with pictures) of American presidents. There are no stupid banner ads slowing the site down. It also is integrating data from Wikipedia. A couple of famous presidents; urlLink George Washington urlLink Thomas Jefferson urlLink Abraham Lincoln urlLink FDR urlLink John F. Kennedy urlLink Ronald Reagan urlLink George Herbert Walker Bush urlLink Bill Clinton urlLink George W. Bush

 urlLink Active (Cooperative) Learning in Library Instruction This is a bibliography of articles in the library literature dealing with active learning. From the bibliography: Allen, E. (1995). Active learning and teaching: Improving post secondary library instruction. Reference librarian, 51-52, pp. 89-103. Cameron, L. (1989). Cooperative learning as a teaching strategy for library instruction. LIFLINE, 39 (January), pp. 5, 6. Cook, K. N., Kunkel, L. R. and Weaver, S. M. (1995). Cooperative learning in bibliographic instruction. Research strategies, 13 (Winter), pp. 17-25. Dabbour, K. S. (1997). Applying active learning methods for the design of library instruction for a freshmen seminar. College and research libraries, 58 (July), pp. 299-308. Drueke, J. (1992). Active learning in the university library instruction classroom. Research strategies, 10 (Summer), 105-10. Gedeon, R. (1997). Enhancing a large lecture with active learning. Research strategies, 15, pp. 301-309. Laverty, C. (1996). The cooperative jigsaw: A new approach to library learning. In New ways of "learning the library" and beyond, ed. by L. Shirato. Ann Arbor, MI: Pierian Press, pp. 113-23. Lorenzen, M. (1995). Remember the gin and tonic! Using alcohol to teach boolean searching. Library instruction roundtable news, 17(4), pp. 10. Lorenzen, M. (2001). Active learning and library instruction. Illinois libraries, 83(2), pp. 19-24. Full bibliography at urlLink http://www.libraryinstruction.com/libib3.html .

 urlLink ALA | Building faculty-librarian partnerships to prepare students for information fluency Hannelore B. Rader wrote this article and it appears in C&RL News , February 2004, Vol. 65, No.2. Fortunately, ALA put it up full-text online. The blurb for the article reads, "Building faculty-librarian partnerships to prepare students for information fluency: The time for sharing information expertise is now." That sounds good to me. From the article: Educators in the 21st century must prepare stu- dents effectively for productive use of information, especially on the postsecondary level. Students will need to graduate from higher education institutions with the appropriate information skills to allow them to become productive citizens in the workplace and in society. Technology is having a major impact on society; in economics, e-business is moving to the forefront; in communication, e-mail, the Internet, and cellular phones have reformed how people communicate; in the work environment, computers and Web utilizations are emphasized; and in education, virtual learning and teaching are becoming more important. These are a few examples of how the 21st- century information environment requires future members of the workforce to be information fluent so they: - have the ability to locate information efficiently. - evaluate information for specific needs. - organize information to address issues. - apply information skillfully to solve problems. - use information to communicate effectively. - use information responsibly to ensure a productive work environment. Individuals can achieve information fluency by acquiring cultural, visual, computer, technology, research, and information management skills to enable them to think critically.

 urlLink MSNBC - All Eyes on Google This is the full-text of this article which has appeared in the new issue of Newsweek . It is a nice write up about what many librarians (myself included) consider to be the best search engine out there. One quote caught my eye though. Google Engineering VP Wayne Rosing said, ""It might take a decade or two to put all the world's information into Google and do things with it but it's an achievable goal." Really? So Google really thinks that it can solve all the copyright issues (making sure that copyright holders can get paid for giving their content away on the Web) and make sure that all that pre-1923 public domain content gets scanned and put online? Good luck to them. I am sure that the next several decades will see a lot more content on the Web. But I have my doubts if the vast majority of intellectual content in existence will show up free on Google. Economic realities dictate otherwise. There is one really neat quote from the article I liked. "The ultimate goal is to have a computer that has the kind of semantic knowledge that a reference librarian has," says Google's director of technology Craig Silverstein. Right on!

 urlLink Library Reference Search - Information Literacy I am going to highlight another directory that contains a collection of information literacy related links. The blogged link goes to the information litetracy category at Library Reference Search. Other categories of note at Library Reference Search: urlLink Library Instruction urlLink Evaluation of Web Sites urlLink Skeptical Inquiry and Critical Thinking urlLink Literacy and Information Literacy Ignore the part of each page which reads "Featured Web Pages." These are ads in disguise. Everything else looks to be legitimate.

 urlLink Quality Library Media Programs Affect Academic Achievement Here is another write up of several studies that clearly indicate that school library media programs help make K-12 students more academically competent. From the site: The evidence is mounting! By early 2000, researchers affiliated with the Library Research Service of the Colorado State Library and the University of Denver—myself included—had completed four statewide studies on the impact of school library media programs on the academic achievement of U.S. public school students: "Information Empowered: The School Librarian as an Agent of Academic Achievement in Alaska" "Measuring Up to Standards: The Impact of School Library Programs and Information Literacy in Pennsylvania Schools" "How School Librarians Help Kids Achieve Standards, The Second Colorado Study" "Good Schools Have School Librarians: Oregon School Librarians Collaborate to Improve Academic Achievement" Philosophically, these studies are rooted in the "Information Power" model espoused by the American Association of School Librarians and the findings from 6 decades of research related to the impact of school library media programs on academic achievement. The latest edition of Information Power: Building Partnerships for Learning (1998) identifies three roles for school library media specialists. In a learning and teaching role, library media specialists advance the instructional goals of the school. As providers of information access and delivery, they develop collections and services and facilitate their use. And, as program administrators, they serve as library media center managers as well as school-wide advocates and trainers for information literacy. Full article at urlLink http://www.infotoday.com/MMSchools/sep01/lance.htm .

 urlLink Cooperative Learning: Increasing College Faculty Instructional Productivity. Another good article on cooperative learning. This one is focusing on how college faculty can be better teachers using this teaching technique. From the article: The use of active learning strategies, such as cooperative learning, is growing at a remarkable rate. Professors are incorporating cooperative learning to increase students' achievement, create positive relationships among students, and promote students' healthy psychological adjustment to school. This monograph is about how college faculty can ensure that students actively create their knowledge rather than passively listening to the professor's. It is about structuring learning situations cooperatively at the college level so that students work together to achieve shared goals.

 urlLink Pierian Press :: Integrating Information Literacy into the College Experience The proceedings of the 30th Annual LOEX Conference are now available. This is good content that is hard to get first hand. Registration for this conference always fills up in 30 minutes! Book description: The keynote speaker at the 30th National LOEX Conference, Dane Ward, inspired conference atendees to focus on the process of teaching and implementing information literacy programs. He set the goal of achieving an information-literate student population. His optimistic message prepared the audience for the next two days of the conference. The featured speaker, Mary Reichel, President of the Association of College and Research Libraries, stressed the teaching role of all librarians, not only those whose primary responsibility is library instruction. She encouraged conference attendees to broaden perspectives on their roles in the academic mission of their institutions. Dan Ream challenged attendees to question if students are as enthusiastic about information literacy as librarians are. Do they understand what information literacy is? Do they believe librarians can help them become information literate? Dan provided a reality check, and offered related advice and insights. Numerous presenters of breakout sessions shared their experiences and insights with the participants. Their sessions ranged from streaming video and library instruction to revising a research assignment to instructional design principles to collaborating with faculty. They addressed many diverse issues that are part of our information literacy landscape, and provided useful guidance for making all related programs more productive and effective. The detailed table of contents (below) reveals the breadth and usefulness of this conference -- and conference proceedings.

 urlLink 4th Annual Lilly North Conference on College Teaching If you live in the midwest of the USA, please give this conference a look. It will be in Traverse City, Michigan in September of this year. Traverse City is beautiful in the fall and this conference will have lots of good presentations on college teaching. urlLink I will be presenting as well . I am an invited speaker and will be giving my plagiarism lecture.

 urlLink Yahoo! Directory Librarians Just a note that this blog is now listed in Yahoo in the Reference: Libraries: Librarian category. Thanks Yahoo.

 urlLink USA-Presidents.Info - Millard Fillmore I profiled this site a few posts back. One reader e-mailed me, "Why did you only show the famous presidents? I am tired of people forgetting important figures like Millard Fillmore." I imagine this is a joke but just in case...Also don't forget urlLink William Henry Harrison , urlLink James Buchanan , urlLink John Tyler , or urlLink Chester Arthur !

 urlLink Research Strategies This is an online textbook on information literacy by William Badke. It is excellent! If you like it, consider supporting the author by buying a paper copy of the book. From the preface: Are you ready for your next research project? Really ready? Do you have the skills and strategies to get the job done efficiently and effectively without panic attacks and the need for a long vacation when you are done? Do you have confidence that you can start with a topic you know nothing about and end with an understanding of it that is neither trite nor superficial? Are you prepared to enjoy the experience? [Yes, I did say “enjoy.”] If the previous paragraph has left you feeling somewhat queasy, this book is for you. Even if you have significant research skills, you can learn better ones if you take the time to read on. You have the privilege of living in the information age, with a zillion opportunities all around you to find out anything about anything. But faced with a humongous number of Internet sites, not to mention library databases of increasing size and complexity, knowing how to navigate through the information fog isn’t something you can pick up easily on your own. Yet you can hardly call yourself educated if you don’t know how to handle information systems and do research effectively, not in a world in which most careers are built on what you know or can find out. Getting back to my earlier use of the word “enjoy,” learning how to do research does not have to be painful. It can be fun. Honestly. Personally, I have so much fun that my family has to kidnap me out of the library whenever they want to go on an outing or buy groceries. You can have the same joy that I have. Read on.

 urlLink Is This Really Mean? Sheila Webber at Information Literacy Weblog posted this last week. She notes that Academic Exchange Quarterly is having a special issue on information literacy. She then ends by writing, "The downside of this journal for authors seems to be that, though it is peer-reviewed, authors don't get any sort of free copy of their article unless their library subscribes. Now that's what I call mean." Mind you, my title at AEQ is Executive Editor but that stills make me stop and shake my head. It is nice when a journal sends you a complimentary copy when you publish an article. But this is not always the case. I published an article last fall in Illinois Libraries . I was sent a link to an online version of the journal. I was not sent a paper copy of the journal. I published an article last year in Research Strategies . Elseiver did not send me a copy of the journal either. Are all of these publishers mean? Further, AEQ is rather inexpensive. The no "free copy" results from journal's broader policy objectives. Academic Exchange Quarterly keeps annual subscription low, $156, and does not offer free author copy. Other journals like Cambridge Journal of Education keep annual subscription high, $509, and offer free author copy. Which policy is better for majority of educators? Which is better for library budgets? Is AEQ mean for not giving free copies to authors? I think not.

 urlLink Teaching Information & Technology Skills: The Big6 in Secondary Schools I just read this book. I really enjoyed it. Even though it was aimed at high school educators, I still found some helpful information. Here is the School Library Journal review fo the book: There is much to be said for finding and adhering to an information literacy model that flows smoothly and intuitively, yet is thorough and concrete enough to be taught easily. Eisenberg and Berkowitz's Big6 is certainly the most widely promoted and student-friendly taxonomy around, and this secondary take on what was previously a K-8 model provides a compact, technologically updated, remarkably accessible template for both library media specialists and classroom teachers. Part I details the rationale for and implementation of the Big6/Little12 model, while Part II provides clear lesson/unit plans and worksheets for all of the Big6 steps, individually and collectively. Reproducible forms, instructional tools, and evaluative matrices will simplify an already clean conceptual model. A great resource for all school librarians.-Mary R. Hofmann, Rivera Middle School, Merced, CA

 urlLink Health Literacy beyond Basic Skills This ERIC Digest deals with what might be the most important area of information literacy which is health. What more important area can there be for most people? From the article: The relationship between health and literacy is often discussed in terms of the health-related problems that may be associated with low literacy. However, health literacy is an issue that spans education and age levels. This Digest looks beyond adult basic education to address issues of health and literacy for all adults and educational responses to them. In contemporary society, a constellation of changes has complicated the adult's challenge of being healthy: the health care system's shift from a paternalist to a partnership model, with more individual responsibility for prevention, informed decision making, and consent; complex choices about insurance; the need for self-management of chronic conditions such as diabetes and high blood pressure; and responsibility for both children's and elders' health care. Adults at all literacy levels must cope with conflicting media reports about environmental health hazards, diet and nutrition, the safety of hormone replacement therapy, and the appropriate frequency of screening tests; myths and misconceptions about communicable diseases such as smallpox, anthrax, and SARS; pharmaceutical company advertising about new drugs; and the vast amounts of health information available on the Internet. Health literacy is defined as the capacity to obtain, interpret, understand, and use information to promote and maintain health (Greenberg 2001; Shohet 2002). Health consumers must be able to evaluate information for credibility and quality, analyze relative risks and benefits, calculate dosages, interpret test results, and locate health information, tasks that may require visual, computer, information, and computational literacy (Sullivan 2000). Nutbeam's model (1999) depicts three levels of health literacy that encompass the skills and abilities in these definitions: (1) functional health literacy--basic reading and writing skills to understand and follow simple health messages; (2) interactive health literacy--more advanced literacy, cognitive, and interpersonal skills to manage health in partnership with professionals; and (3) critical health literacy--ability to analyze information critically, increase awareness, and participate in action to address barriers.

 urlLink Seven Faces of Information Literacy in Higher Education This is a good Australian page on information literacy from Christine Bruce at the Queensland University of Technology. It takes a good look at the issue as it applies to higher education. From the site: Information literacy is usually described as the ability to locate, manage and use information effectively for a range of purposes. As such it is an important ‘generic skill' which allows people to engage in effective decision-making, problem solving a nd research. It also enables them to take responsibility for their own continued learning in areas of personal or professional interest. Whilst there is growing advocacy for information literacy in higher education, comparatively little in known about how it is experienced by those who use information. The various faces of information literacy described here are drawn from the experienc e of higher educators in two Australian universities. They provide a picture of information literacy that is very different from the lists of skills and attributes that are usually found in literature on the subject. As a phenomenon, information literacy includes the full range of experience, and students need to be enabled to experience information literacy in these ways. They also need to reflect on the variations in experience which they encounter and understand which forms of information literacy are relevant to different situations. Learning to be information literate could be seen as coming to experience using information in these ways.

 urlLink Googleopoly: The Motivation Behind Gmail I blogged the new GMail page at Google a few days ago. I still think that the new Google e-mail is neat and will benefit most people. Yet, there are detractors... Here is an except from one such article: Gmail is a direct attempt by Google to destroy any competition before it arises. With 10 times the amount of storage and what appears to be a superior interface for viewing and organizing mail messages, Gmail is not simply a nice thing to offer to web surfers. Gmail is an attempt to put an arrow through the heart of Yahoo! Mail and Hotmail. The services will not be comparable in quality, and that is the way Google wants it. The goal of Gmail is to make Hotmail and Yahoo! Mail look like laughable solutions to web based e-mail. If Gmail is successful in converting Yahoo! Mail users and Hotmail users, the search engine wars will most likely be much ado about nothing. The battle and war will be won, and the victor will be Google. But don’t expect MSN, AOL, or Yahoo! to simply watch Gmail launch without developing a plan to strike back hard. Yahoo! alone has invested incredible amounts of money to acquire Inktomi and Overture just so they can compete head to head with Google. It would be uncharacteristic of them to simply fold. And do not forget about the power MSN has with their search. Remember that Microsoft controls what search engine is used by default on most every computer around the world. That is a competitive advantage that Google will have a very hard time overcoming.

 urlLink Loex of the West 2004 This conference is now open for registration. I spoke at it in 2000 and enjoyed it a great deal. The optional post-conference trip to Bruneau Dunes State Park looks great too! From the site: Throughout history, libraries have been considered treasure houses and conservators of cultural heritage. However, the mission of the academic library reaches far beyond being a storehouse. Outreach and instruction are essential and today, librarians are actively involved in teaching students (and faculty) how to most effectively and efficiently access and use the treasures in our print and digital collections. Treasures can be a unique collection, or the latest electronic database or aggregated periodical collection. Students are treasures as well; they are our future. Discussions on the list servs and in the professional literature are wide-ranging about how to best bring the two together. The dialog that we will engage in over these three days will stimulate us, will further our understanding of how to more effectively teach, and will give us new ideas for evaluating the outcomes of our teaching and our programs. As attendees, we will create new connections between our student’s needs and our instruction activities, and between ourselves and other participants. In addition, it is our intent that each attendee leave the conference with at least one idea that can be incorporated into their library instruction program. This conference will interest librarians and other educators who instruct others in the finding, evaluation and use of information resources. Presenters will draw from their experiential and theoretical knowledge to discuss interaction with students, with technology, and with information resources in a learning environment, and the assessment of such interactions.

 urlLink Project SAILS - Kent State University This is a neat project at Kent State University to assess information literacy skills. I worked with the Project group a few years ago back when it was first starting up. Description from site: Believing that the ability to locate, access and evaluate information is essential to closing the gap between the information rich and the information poor, libraries across the country have increasingly adopted information literacy as their instructional framework. For many libraries, particularly in schools and higher education institutions, it has become the focal point of their mission and a growing source of demand for resources. Simultaneously, competition for public resources had intensified. Universities and colleges are being held to increasing levels of fiscal responsibility. Assessment has become a key initiative both for programmatic improvement and to fulfill the obligation for accountability. At Kent State University, we realized that if university administrators were to be persuaded to allocate resources necessary for us to grow our information literacy program, then we must be prepared to substantiate the claim that these skills indeed make a difference institutionally. We asked: What are students' entry skills upon admission to the university, and is there a significant change in skill levels from the freshman year to graduation? If there are significant changes in students' information literacy skills, do those skills then have any correlation to student's academic success and retention? A thorough search of the library literature revealed that our profession was not yet in a position to agree upon the best method for assessing those skills, let alone assert they make a difference. The purpose of the Project for Standardized Assessment of Information Literacy Skills (SAILS) has been to develop an instrument for programmatic level assessment of information literacy skills that is valid and thus credible to university administrators and other academic personnel. We envisioned a tool to measure information literacy that: - Is standardized - Contains items not specific to a particular institution or library - Is easily administered - Has been proven valid and reliable - Assesses at institutional level - Provides for both external and internal benchmarking With such a tool, we will be able to measure information literacy skills, gather national data, provide norms, and compare information literacy measures with other indicators of student achievement. Armed with this tool, libraries that utilize SAILS will be able to document information literacy skill levels, establish internal and peer benchmarks of performance, pinpoint areas for improvement, identify and justify resource needs, assess and demonstrate effect of changes in their instructional programs. This tool will enable librarians to clarify for themselves and their institutions what role, if any, information literacy plays in student success and retention.

 urlLink How to Find Information in the Information Age This is a new library lesson plan at LibraryInstruction.Com. It is written by Jeanne Guthrie and geared towards 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th grade students. Description: This unit of study will ask students to become familiar with the Dewey Decimal System, the many different sources of information available in libraries, and how technology can be used in the research process. It will utilize web links to teach the way information is organized in a library and how students can find the data that they need for reports or just to satisfy a curiosity.

 urlLink GMail I think Hotmail is toast. Google is now giving away e-mail. Their e-mail accounts will allow up to 1 gig of storage! My domain hosts won't give me that much e-mail space and I pay them every month. Google will also have ads appear next to the e-mail that match the content of each e-mail message. This completely alters the free e-mail landscape. Here is the Google ad copy for service: A Google approach to email. Gmail is an experiment in a new kind of webmail, built on the idea that you should never have to delete mail and you should always be able to find the message you want. The key features are: Search, don't sort. Use Google search to find the exact message you want, no matter when it was sent or received. Don't throw anything away. 1000 megabytes of free storage so you'll never need to delete another message. Keep it all in context. Each message is grouped with all its replies and displayed as a conversation. No pop-up ads. No banners. You see only relevant text ads and links to related web pages of interest.

 urlLink The Instruction Commons: an information literacy initiative at Iowa State University This article describes a good information literacy project at Iowa State University. Abstract: The Instruction Commons information literacy initiative at Iowa State University provides users with both an information literacy program and a virtual space in which students, librarians, and members of the teaching faculty at Iowa State can explore new ways of integrating electronic resources and library research instruction into teaching and learning. Furthermore, the concept of a "commons" implies not just a collaborative information space for students, faculty and librarians, but also an area in which an information literacy program can subsist with learning materials which promote IT literacy. The following paper describes the institutional background of the Instruction Commons, its history, funding, and organization while also providing a description and tour of the Commons. Future directions are also anticipated, including the need for effective program assessment with a view to extracting useful planning and management information. With regard to functionality, we anticipate the integration of more interactive features, including increased use of learner-controlled paths and quizzes to provide immediate feedback. Finally, the paper offers a useful summary of some other related projects in the USA.

 urlLink Library instruction and information literacy This is a very detailed literature review of recent articles on library instruction and information literacy. Some of the articles are available full-text via links at the end of the article. Two of my articles made the list so it must be a good review. :] From the abstract: This article presents an annotated bibliography of literature recently on library instruction and information literacy in academic, school, public, special, and all types of libraries. Interest in the topic remains strong, with a growing number of pieces also including the importance of assessment. Other themes discussed in the articles include research, collaboration, the use of tutorials, tours, distance learning, active learning, problem-based learning, and the role of accreditation bodies.

 urlLink The Big Six Information Skills As a Metacognitive Scaffold: A Case Study This is a nice article on the Big Six information skills from School Library Media Research at ALA. I'll admit that any article discussing "Metacognitive Scaffold" is difficult but this article is worth perusing. From the article: Several information problem-solving models exist for teaching and reinforcing the research, problem-solving, and writing processes. The Big Six information skills model (Big6) is one that is primarily aimed at kindergarten through twelfth-grade students. This model is intended to foster the acquisition of research, problem-solving, and metacognitive skills through the cooperation of both school library media specialists and classroom teachers. While a strong anecdotal record exists supporting the use of Big6, empirical research support is less evident in library and education literature. This study examines the effect of Big6 on a class of eighth-grade students asked to research and write about events surrounding the African-American Civil Rights movement. This study describes the context of the task students were asked to complete, student's experiences and reactions, and some conclusions that might be drawn from their experiences. It is a study based on a very small and homogenous set of students, but it tends to show the value of concise models that illustrate the full problem-solving process in order for young "researchers" to perhaps more fully grasp the extent of the task facing them. Such models, maps, and organizers should continue to be tested among many groups of learners to determine the full range of their value for giving the student greater confidence and understanding of the complexities involved in information problem-solving.

 urlLink Technology Professional Development: A Case Study This is a new online full-text article from Academic Exchange Quarterly . It is by Dolores T. Burton at the New York Institute of Technology. From the article: This study examined the outcomes of a technology professional development initiative for elementary teachers. The professional development model used cohort collaboration, multiple strategies, and job embedded experiences to help teachers incorporate technology into their practice. Five sources of evidence, surveys from administrators and teachers, as well as interviews from teachers, computer aides and the staff developer were used to examine outcomes. The evidence identified a change in teacher practice and belief that included an increase in the self-reported frequency of the use of technology, the use of computers for research and project-based learning, and the Internet for instruction. The changes identified were consistent with the Phases of Instructional Change (Sandholtz, Ringstaff, & Dwyer, 1992).

 urlLink German Immigrants: Their Contributions to the Upper Midwest This is a new lesson plan at LibraryInstruction.Com. It uses German immigration to the USA as a method of teaching information literacy skills. From the site: Content Objectives: Students will: gain an understanding of how contemporary lifestyles/cultures/traditions are influenced by the contributions of the settlers of that region; and use their prior knowledge of German to discuss photographs of people. Information Literacy Objectives: Students will: become familiar with the American Memory collections. learn, develop and apply varying search processes and strategies to access resources in American Memory (IP standard 1, indicator 5). formulate questions based on informational needs (IP standard 1, indicator 3). distinguish among fact, point of view and opinion (IP standard 2, indicator 2). integrate new information into their own prior knowledge (IP standard 3, indicator 2). use and appreciate non-text forms of information (IP standard 5, indicator 2). derive meaning from information presented creatively in a variety of formats i.e. visual literacy (IP standard 5, indicator 2). develop creative products in a variety of formats (IP standard 5, indicator 3).

 I am happy to say that Yahoo has finally added my urlLink personal home page and my urlLink Library Instruction site to their directory. They can be found in the urlLink Society and Culture > People > Personal Home Pages > L category and the urlLink Reference > Libraries > Professional Resources > Library Instruction category. I have been trying for years to get these added. Unfortunately, my submissions have been ignored until now. (And I refused to pay $299 to get my sites reviewed. Why should I? They are not commercial...) I guess the moral of this story is if you are willing to keep submitting a good site to Yahoo, eventually they will add it for free.

 urlLink SearchMonster.Org This is another directory of the Web which uses volunteers to help build it. One problem I see is that only editors get free listings of their sites. Everyone else has to pay $30. Won't this skew the directory towards commerical sites? (Most of the time, searchers aren't looking to buy...) Regardless, I am supportive of all attempts to categorize the Web by human effort. It really does cut down on spam in search results. Sample category: urlLink Reference > Education

 urlLink Community Colleges I am the feature editor for an upcoming issue on community colleges at Academic Exchange Quarterly . I would love to see some submissions relating to information literacy or library instruction at community colleges. Here is the CFP: Call for Papers - Junior & Community College: Practices and Challenges Academic Exchange Quarterly (a peer reviewed higher education journal) is accepting manuscripts for an upcoming issue on the theme title of "Junior & Community College: Practices and Challenges." Possible topics include; -- Technology -- Student Development -- Teaching and Learning -- Institutional Development -- Global Awareness -- Library and Information Literacy Issues -- Diversity on Campus Submissions are welcome from teachers, administrators, and researchers at all levels in all contexts. Full details are at: urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/4sucomc.htm Deadline for submission is May 31st, 2004. About Academic Exchange Quarterly Academic Exchange Quarterly has a readership of over 25,000. It is also available electronically through several indexes including Gale’s Expanded Academic Index, Expanded Academic International Index, and InfoTrac OneFile. Article acceptance rate varies by topic and has been as low as 17% and as high as 55% in previous issues.

 urlLink Accommodating all learners: critical inquiry and learning styles in the LIS classroom This paper is by Denice Adkins and Christopher Brown-Syed. It was presented at the 2002 IFLA Conference in Glasgow. From the Introduction: Most graduate programs in Library and Information Science (LIS) require that students complete anumber of mandatory “core” courses before proceeding to elective courses. Some of these courses lendthemselves to hands-on exercises, computer laboratory work, or solitary learning activities such as literaryresearch. Others demand group work, role playing, or other interpersonal activities. Teaching methodsfrequently include multiple instructional modes, from the grand lecture, audiovisual or Web-assistedpresentations, lab time, and group work. Many involve class presentations, with increasing instructorpreference for computer-produced slide shows. Which of these delivery methods are likely to be more useful for incoming LIS students, and have theirlearning styles changed along with technology? Education and LIS literature published fifteen to twentyyears ago (Ford, 1985; Johnson & White, 1981; Jonassen & Hodges, 1982; Stein, Hand, & Totten, 1986;Stein & Totten, 1983; Varlejs, 1985) has suggested that LIS students tended to be less people-oriented, tobe more interested in theoretical or abstract ideas, to get meaning from seeing information rather thanhearing it, and to possess strong values systems. Regardless of location, LIS students on the whole tendedto exhibit similar learning styles. Moreover, those styles were dissimilar to students in other fields, suggesting that LIS education attracted a particular type of student. Nonetheless, the advent of technologyand the Internet have considerably changed the LIS profession and the education of LIS students(Holland, 2000; Poole & Denny, 2001). The literature further suggests that accommodating students’particular learning styles might improve the learning process. Since not all students feel comfortableusing every mode, making students aware of their own learning styles might encourage them to plan theirstudy time, stave off anxiety about stressful activities, and seek extra help if necessary. This paper presents results of a recent study designed to identify learning styles in LIS students of thetwenty-first century, and to determine whether information-oriented students are more likely than acontrol group to exhibit sequential and visual learning styles. This paper will also discuss the results of aclassroom experiment designed to make students aware of differences in learning styles and the need toaccommodate multiple learning styles when creating learning activities in practice.

 urlLink Teaching Internet Library Instruction Sessions in the Electronic Classroom: The Adult Learner, the Internet, and Training Skills & Teaching Styles This is a new lesson plan aimed at librarians at LibraryInstruction.Com. Introduction from Lesson: Description: This workshop is designed to address the needs of all professional librarians who will be expected to conduct library instructions in an electronic environment, whether or not they now regularly conduct library instruction sessions. By the end of this training, participants will have gained knowledge and skills leading to more productive library instruction dedicated to better serving the students’ needs. Goals: Learn about the concept of training adult students. Learn about the Internet and the challenges of teaching it to adult students. Learn about some specific training skills and teaching styles used for delivering a successful Internet library instruction session to adult students in an electronic environment.

 urlLink Delivering Course Materials to Distance Learners over the World Wide Web: Statistical Data Summary This full-text article is from the Journal of Library Services for Distance Education. (Vol. 1 Issue 2, June 1998). It summarizes the data collected from a year-long library study, conducted at the University at Buffalo, on developing and implementing a web-based support service for distance learning. From the introduction: In 1996, the State University of New York (SUNY) Office of Educational Technology (OET) awarded the libraries at SUNY Buffalo, Binghamton, and Plattsburgh an $85,000 grant to conduct a year-long study of the feasibility of delivering library and other resources over the Internet to students in distance education programs. One of the goals of the project, addressed in this article, was to determine the technical requirements for developing and operating a Web-based distance learning support service. A variety of project data was collected to determine such matters as the optimal scanning equipment for this type of work and the optimal file formats, in terms of both efficiency and accessibility. This article summarizes the data that was collected over the course of two semesters at the University at Buffalo (UB). Another goal of the project was to determine if the Internet was the most effective means of delivering instructional materials to students for the purpose of distance learning.

 urlLink Using Critical Thinking To Conduct Effective Searches of Online Resources. This essay is by Sarah K. Brem and Andrea J. Boyes. As the title suggests, it looks at ways teachers and librarians can help students learn to use their critical thinking skills to find information online. From the essay: More than 80 percent of academic, public and school libraries offer some form of Internet access (American Library Association, 2000); thousands of full-text electronic journals and serials are available online. However, most searches of these materials are cursory and ineffective(Hertzberg & Rudner, 1999). This Digest complements guidelines addressing the mechanics of online searching by considering how treating information searches as exercises in critical thinking can improve our use of online resources. It addresses the use and application of metacognition, hypothesis testing, and argumentation.

 urlLink Bibliographic Instruction I haven't plugged urlLink Joeant in a while. This is a nice spam free directory of the Web which is built by volunteers. I am highlighting the Bibliographic Instruction category but most are pretty solid. I am of course a Joeant editor (Level 22) and am a bit biased but if you have some free time you might want to register as an editor and start adding sites you like. Other sample categories: urlLink Education urlLink Presidents urlLink Weblogs urlLink Meta Search Engines urlLink Personal Homepages

 urlLink Information Literacy: An Overview This paper is by Robin Angeley and Jeff Purdue at Western Washington University. From the paper: Information literacy, then, should for most in higher education simply be a new term for familiar concepts. For instance, as a form of critical thinking, information literacy implies a critical engagement with technology and information sources, not simply using them unquestioningly. Yet we will be hearing about information literacy more and more-whether locally, state- or nationwide. Why? Partially, there is a growing sense that the rapid increase of computer-based resources, both in researching and presenting information, has in some way changed the nature of the college experience for undergraduates. Further, there is a sense that many computer-related skills are increasingly important in students' lives beyond college, both in the workplace and in the larger society. Lastly, there is some concern that, with the World Wide Web, students have access to information that has not been subjected to the normal selection criteria of the university library. Thus some educators feel that before such issues become overwhelming, information literacy needs to become a central part of the higher education curriculum. Yet despite ALA's fine definition, there remains some confusion about what information literacy means. Part of the confusion is the word "literacy" itself, which at its most basic level is the ability to read and write. Yet literacy has seldom been restricted to that simple definition. Rather it has been frequently used to describe something more: the idea that people need to interpret what they read, to place it in a specific cultural context. In contemporary adult literacy education, this context has been understood primarily in economic terms; literacy is often seen as an entry-level skill for participation in the economy. And while such training is certainly a laudable goal, it has never been the sole purpose of a university education, or of education in general.

 urlLink The Information/Media Specialist in the Academic Learning Community: Integrating Kuhlthau into the undergraduate curriculum This is student paper at Drexel from 2002. Again, I hesitate to link to it as student pages are rudely taken down after they graduate (why not leave good content up I ask?) but I'll take my chances. From the site: A new staff member of the undergraduate library at a large urban research university has been hired as the coordinator of information literacy instruction. The coordinator will present her vision of a new, integrated instructional program to the library committee, which is comprised of teaching faculty from the university, and to the library department heads and Dean of Libraries. The new program the coordinator proposes is one that strives to transform the undergraduate student body into a populace of college graduates who are information literate citizens and workers, as well as independent and lifelong learners. Proposal for an Instructional Program The following components are crucial to an effective instructional program that will help to achieve the objective of producing information literate graduates: · Constructivist, inquiry-based program infused with critical thinking skills · Integration with the teaching curriculum and collaboration with faculty · Authentic assessment which is outcomes-based and incorporates “backwards design” · A holistic program that employs a diversity of teaching methods and activities · Mentoring relationships between students and educators (faculty and librarians) Carol Kuhlthau (1993), the creator of the model to be introduced later, discusses the nature of learning as constructivist, citing Dewey, psychologist George Kelly, and Jerome Bruner. As such, her model reflects the idea of learning as a process of construction and of seeking meaning. In Understanding by Design (Wiggins & McTighe, 1998), the authors also cite Bruner, and talk of “narrative building” (p. 50) as the true meaning of constructivism.

 urlLink Student Perceptions, Beliefs, or Attitudes Yet another CFP for Academic Exchange Quarterly . I have taken over the promotion duties for this theme and I hope lots of librarians submit manuscripts. This theme is very easy for a librarian to address. From the site: Student perceptions, beliefs, and attitudes, are constantly changing. As educators, at any grade or level, it is our responsibility to measure these variables continuously in order to enhance the learning environment. This edition is dedicated to the enhancement of the learning environment through student perceptions, beliefs, and attitudes (Defined as students’ beliefs related to classroom climate, classroom instruction, teacher beliefs, and many other topics.) Manuscripts are welcomed and encouraged in both research realms (qualitative and quantitative). Who May Submit: Submissions are welcome from anyone (researchers, administrators, teacher, and trainers) working with students, of all ages, in a learning environment. Full details at urlLink http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/ontstu.htm .

 urlLink The Foxfire Approach to Teaching and Learning: John Dewey, Experiential Learning, and the Core Practices. ERIC Digest. This is a good summary of the Foxfire approach to teaching. Although I have never used the Foxfire books, I am familiar with them from my days as a librarian in Appalachia (Reference Desk, Ohio University at Zanesville.) Many of my patrons loved these books. I remember they came in handy when a patron wanted information on washtubs as musical instruments! From the site: The student-produced "Foxfire Magazine" and a series of books on Appalachian life and folkways are popular manifestations of an experiential education program originally intended to teach basic English skills to high school freshmen in Appalachian Georgia. The Foxfire Approach to Teaching and Learning emerged from those classroom experiences. It evolved as a result of efforts to understand and replicate the project's success in helping learners meet curricular mandates (Wigginton, 1989). Over time, hundreds of teachers have helped develop, edit, and revise Foxfire's 11 core practices to reflect new understandings and lessons learned through implementation. The core practices remain dynamic, and the work begun more than 30 years ago continues to expand and evolve. This Digest describes the Foxfire Approach to Teaching and Learning as defined by the core practices, the decision-making framework the approach provides for teachers, and the ways the framework fits with John Dewey's notion of experiential education.

 urlLink Information Literacy in Higher Education While browsing using Google, I found this interesting paper. It appears to be a student paper from 2000. I probably shouldn't blog it because if I do it will probably vanish but I'll take my chances. From the introduction: The topic of information literacy is of great interest to me. I feel passionate about the teaching-learning process and am always eager to discover what new skills students are learning. When I first heard of information literacy, I was intrigued. I knew of literacy, the ability to read, and since I had developed an interest in the Internet and the World Wide Web, I wanted to find out precisely what information literacy was. I wondered if I was information literate. After doing my research, I discovered the answer to that question, and it surprised me. Information literacy is a skill that all students need to acquire; however, since my “track” in graduate school is academic librarianship, I’ve focused on information literacy in higher education.

 urlLink Enhancing Information Literacy: A Practical Exemplar This article is from New Zealand authors. It is by Jeanine Graham (MA, PhD Auckl) who is Acting Chairperson, Department of History at the University of Waikato and Kathryn Parsons (BA, DipLibr Well) who is New Zealand Collection Librarian at the University of Waikato Library. From the Abstract: This case-study outlines a teaching partnership between library and academic staff at the University of Waikato. It describes the strategies adopted to develop greater student information literacy and knowledge of source materials; and demonstrates the inter-relationship between student assignments and library resourcing. Both achievements and areas of difficulty are discussed. At the University of Waikato, with 14,000 students, academic and library staff have sought to foster information literacy in ways that are effective and cost-efficient. Two clear trends have emerged over a decade of practical experimentation: the increased involvement of librarians in the academic teaching programme; and the deliberate designing of assessment tasks to ensure that students become confident users of the Library's resources. Developed initially in relation to a New Zealand history paper which attracts 80-100 students, the partnership involves strategies that are carefully inter-related and readily adaptable to a variety of disciplines and teaching situations, an information literacy outcome that has long been advocated in the literature. (1) Underpinning all of the assessment ideas, though, is the in-house bibliographical guide to the New Zealand Collection (NZC), Map Library and relevant electronic resources.

 urlLink Ajdee Internet Directory This web directory has a plan for making money from site owners while still allowing non-profit sites a way in. Commercial sites must pay $25 to be reviewed. Non-profit sites only have to pay $1. Why a dollar? It keeps spam out. Unethical web owners who are trying to get crap sites listed (or get the same site listed under different urls) probably will not give their credit card numbers and pay a dollar. Most legit non-profit webmasters will. The result means Ajdee can make money off of commercial sites and still give non-profit sites an avenue in without opening the doors to spam. This is a great idea. I hope Ajdee does well. Yahoo, take note. Maybe you can charge non-profit sites a nominal fee to get reviewed? $299 is too steep when your site is not designed to generate income. Those non-profit sites are usually what your searchers want anyway.

 urlLink Nutch Like many, I am discouraged by the way search engines work. Unfortunately, all of the search engines are accepting advertising money and this has lead to a more commercialized set off results for end users. Even Google allows advertisers to bid on keywords. The rest also allow for advertisers to buy their way into their directories. Getting into Yahoo's directory is $299 a year. I blogged a project today that is trying to come up with an open source non-commercial search engine. I wish them luck. From the site: Nutch is a nascent effort to implement an open-source web search engine. Web search is a basic requirement for internet navigation, yet the number of web search engines is decreasing. Today's oligopoly could soon be a monopoly, with a single company controlling nearly all web search for its commercial gain. That would not be good for users of the internet. Nutch provides a transparent alternative to commercial web search engines. Only open source search results can be fully trusted to be without bias. (Or at least their bias is public.) All existing major search engines have proprietary ranking formulas, and will not explain why a given page ranks as it does. Additionally, some search engines determine which sites to index based on payments, rather than on the merits of the sites themselves. Nutch, on the other hand, has nothing to hide and no motive to bias its results or its crawler in any way other than to try to give each user the best results possible. Nutch aims to enable anyone to easily and cost-effectively deploy a world-class web search engine. This is a substantial challenge. To succeed, Nutch software must be able to: - fetch several billion pages per month - maintain an index of these pages - search that index up to 1000 times per second - provide very high quality search results - operate at minimal cost This is a challenging proposition. If you believe in the merits of this project, please help out, either as a developer or with a donation.

 urlLink Cooperative Learning Strategies and Children. ERIC Digest. This article discusses how cooperative learning can be used with children. As most papers of this kind deal with older learners, I thought this might be of interest for those who would like to try this great teaching method with a younger crowd. From the article: Cooperative learning is a teaching strategy involving children's participation in small group learning activities that promote positive interaction. This digest discusses the reasons for using cooperative learning in centers and classrooms, ways to implement the strategy, and the long-term benefits for children's education. WHY TRY COOPERATIVE LEARNING? Cooperative learning promotes academic achievement, is relatively easy to implement, and is not expensive. Children's improved behavior and attendance, and increased liking of school, are some of the benefits of cooperative learning (Slavin, 1987). Although much of the research on cooperative learning has been done with older students, cooperative learning strategies are effective with younger children in preschool centers and primary classrooms. In addition to the positive outcomes just noted, cooperative learning promotes student motivation, encourages group processes, fosters social and academic interaction among students, and rewards successful group participation.

 urlLink A Collaborative Approach to Information Literacy in the Freshman Seminar This article on information literacy is by Elizabeth Blakesley Lindsay. She is the Head of Library Instruction at Washington State University. She also is an adjunct professor for the University of Maryland University College. In addition to her MLS, she holds an MA in comparative literature. Abstract: This article discusses the collaboration between the Libraries and the Freshman Seminar Program at Washington State University. Many goals related to information literacy competencies as defined by the library and higher education associations are met through this partnership. The librarians have an active role with the seminars and also take part in the peer facilitator training process. Introduction: Anyone who has taught or participated in a library instruction session knows that teaching students research skills without a specific context is usually a waste of time. Without a particular assignment or project, students are not motivated to learn and often do not come away with a clear understanding of what resources the library can offer. Working with a freshman seminar over the course of a semester has been rewarding for the students, who have learned both concrete research skills and higher order critical thinking and information literacy skills, and also for the librarians. Playing a part in the training process for the undergraduate students who actually deliver the freshman seminar has been another successful venture. Through another course, GenEd 300, librarians spend eight weeks teaching information literacy and research skills to a group of students who need that information not only for their coursework, but also for their upcoming jobs as freshman seminar peer facilitators. This collaboration between the librarians and the Freshman Seminar Program has provided the librarians with the opportunity to teach motivated learners, and the material can be seen having an immediate, real impact.

 urlLink International Alliance for Information Literacy This new group looks promising. From site: Upon a recommendation from the Prague Conference of Information Literacy Experts held September 20-23, 2003, the following organizations are committing to creating an International Alliance for Information Literacy. The evolving purpose for the Alliance is to facilitate the sharing of information and expertise on information literacy across regions and nations of the world. The ultimate goal of the Alliance is to facilitate people’s participating effectively in the Information Society, as part of the basic human right of life long learning. The Alliance will consist of organizations that act as nodes around the world. Member organizations will generally be regional or national organizations that are broadly based, including representation from the economic development, education, health, human services, librarianship, public policy, and information and communications technology sectors. Founding Members: The following founding members welcome new participants. Australian and New Zealand Institute for Information Literacy (ANZIIL) http://www.anziil.org/ European Network on Information Literacy (EnIL) (European Union) http://www.ceris.to.cnr.it/Basili/EnIL/index.html National Forum on Information Literacy (United States) http://ww.infolit.org NORDINFOlit (Scandinavia) http://www.nordinfolit.org

 urlLink Students' Online Learning Experiences This looks like a nice and interesting project from the UK. From the site: SOLE is a project to undertake an independent evaluation of students' usage of virtual learning environments (VLEs) in higher and further education and draw out the effectiveness of VLEs in supporting different subject areas, different national agendas (such as that of widening participation) and student learning in general. Research is being carried out at several UK universities and FE colleges, covering a broad range of subjects with diverse online learning requirements. The collaborating LTSN subject centres involved as research partners are: Economics, Psychology, Education, Information and Computer Sciences, Hospitality, Leisure, Sport and Tourism. The project began in October 2002 and will run until March 2004. A wide range of dissemination and outreach activities are taking place throughout the life of the project. SOLE is funded by the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) via the Learning and Teaching Support Network (LTSN) Tranche 2 initiative and the Joint Information Systems Committee (JISC). It is hosted at the Institute for Learning and Research Technology, University of Bristol.

 urlLink The Value of a College Degree. Yes, they really are worth something. In addition to being better educated and more sophisticated, you can actually increase your earning power over time. This would be a good article to share with junior high and high school students who are reluctant about college. From the article: The escalating cost of higher education is causing many to question the value of continuing education beyond high school. Many wonder whether the high cost of tuition, the opportunity cost of choosing college over full-time employment, and the accumulation of thousands of dollars of debt is, in the long run, worth the investment. The risk is especially large for low-income families who have a difficult time making ends meet without the additional burden of college tuition and fees. In order to determine whether higher education is worth the investment, it is useful to examine what is known about the value of higher education and the rates of return on investment to both the individual and to society.

 urlLink Separate but equal: librarians, academics and information literacy This is an interesting article by Curt Asher. It is published by the Australian Academic & Research Libraries Association. Abstract: Efforts to fit librarians into subject disciplines as teachers have been a destructive trend in library science. Lifelong learning was the aim of bibliographic instruction long before the term 'information literacy' was coined. Librarians and academics provide separate, interdependent instruction, both of which have intrinsic value. Merging the two professions weakens both. Introduction: In a June 2002 article in Australian Academic & Research Libraries, Lupton[1] argues that successful information literacy programs require a dramatic shift in librarian self-image. Librarians must, she argues, view themselves as teachers first and librarians second. This essay argues that any trend that moves librarians away from libraries and into academic classroom settings is accomplished at the expense of students and ultimately weakens, rather than strengthens, the role librarians can play at a university. One of the most destructive trends in library science in the past decade has been the floundering effort to fit librarians into subject disciplines as teachers. Information retrieval skills cross disciplinary bounds, and a researcher who has mastered these skills can become capable of locating information in nearly any subject area. While libraria ns are trained in information retrieval as part of their graduate education, the idea that this knowledge qualifies them to intrude into classrooms and share teaching duties in literature or biology or mathematics or any other subject discipline is simply illogical. If, as Lupton argues, 'neat operational boundaries [can no longer] be delineated as in the case of library skills or information skills,' then the role of librarians has not just shifted, it's been dissolved. The librarian's value is in separateness from the professoriate. He or she has a sum of skills that allow access to and acquisition of information. The academics' skills are different. While they may have highly polished information retrieval skills, their value to an educational institution has far more to do with their ability to analyse and apply information in a subject discipline. There are distinct operational boundaries that separate these two professions and it is their independence and interdependence, not their merging, which best serves students. The term information literacy has replaced the term bibliographic instruction in library circles because the 'biblio' element of library science is steadily being displaced by digitised images. But the concept is the same. Lupton argues that 'an understanding and set of abilities enabling individuals to recognise when information is needed and have the capacity to locate, evaluate, and use effectively the needed information' is a definition that does not clearly delineate the difference between information literacy and bibliographic instruction. The reason is that there really is no difference, other than format and semantics.

 urlLink Find it Fast: Enticing Faculty to Library Instruction Workshops This article is by Allison V. Level and Catherine L. Cranston both of whom at are at Colorado State University. Allison is the agricultural reference librarian and provides instruction for the agricultural and natural sciences. She has an MLS from Emporia State University and an MEd in Higher Education from Kent State. Catherine is an instruction librarian. She has an MA in Library Science from the University of Iowa. She coordinates instruction for the English composition classes and the honors program. From the site: Abstract It is often difficult to engage academic faculty and staff to attend workshops about changing library technologies and resources. This article discusses a successful program, “Find it Fast: Research Tips for People in a Hurry.” This instruction program targeted academic faculty and staff who were not aware of new online journals, databases, and computer linking services such as SFX. “Find it Fast” outlined advanced Web searching skills, ways to maximize your research time, and new library services. Recruitment, evaluation results, and the fit with overall outreach efforts is discussed. Introduction The information and research environments of academic faculty and staff are continually changing. Library technologies and resources also change, but it can be difficult to get faculty and staff to explore and expand their comfortable research environments through the new resources and services available. People know what it is like to search Google and get 400,000 hits for things they do not care about. What they want to know is how to focus and get 40 hits for the things they need. In this article the authors describe a professional development workshop that became a springboard for recruiting faculty and staff to attend research workshops in an academic library. The popular and well-attended Professional Development Institute (PDI) has been in place for twenty-four years at Colorado State University (CSU). The PDI program is sponsored by the Office of Instructional Services. Faculty and staff are encouraged to present programs on topical areas including teaching and learning, technology in the classroom, personal and professional development, advising, outreach and service, or administrative issues. The programs are scheduled on-campus for early January, between semesters, each year. Attendees include administrators, faculty, staff, and graduate assistants. In Fall 2002, the CSU Libraries launched new services, online journals, and a redesigned website. Capitalizing on new resources, a campus-wide well established PDI model, and the desire to “do more with less,” two reference and instruction librarians decided to offer a PDI workshop that would play to a diverse audience. The CSU Libraries has offered several different workshops geared towards faculty and staff over the past five years. One of the early programs, “Fast, Free, Easy” was popular and had good turnout. Since then, with a few exceptions, the turnout has decreased. Recent programs structured around new databases or resources such as Web of Science or SFX have been popular. Other libraries have reported similar experiences. In Mosley’s (1998) article about experiences at Texas A&M she reported, “Faculty participation at electronic database instructional sessions held in the library had a history of being erratic, and there were concerns with regard to attracting busy faculty members to attend the workshop” (34). Workshops can be a balancing act between offering instruction sessions to educate faculty, while not portraying them as out of touch with the latest resources. As Cunningham (2002) points out, "…faculty may perceive information literacy training as remedial for them and their students, so care should be taken to approach collaboration as an opportunity for mutual benefit and "keeping the saw sharp" rather than remediation for anyone" (346).

 urlLink Paths to Understanding This article is by Robert S. Nelson and Vera Stepchyshyn who work at Long Island University Brooklyn Campus. Nelson is an Assistant Professor and the Library Instruction Coordinator. Stepchyshyn is an Assistant Professor, a Reference Librarian, and Chair of the Library. From the Introduction: This article discusses the information-seeking behavior of students in a large urban university and the impact that behavior can have on the development and delivery of instructional and reference services. This study was conceived to be a tabulation of student responses to information-needs. What developed was a realization of where we, as reference and instructional librarians, fit into the academic lives of our students. The information we received brought to light something that we had long suspected and secretly feared. As a whole, our perception of the importance of the library in the academic lives of our students was miscalculated. In this article, we endeavor to discuss both the information-seeking behavior of urban university students as well as the challenge that behavior poses to our own concepts of instruction and reference services. This small amount of paper cannot match this herculean task, but it should serve as a platform for discussion and further research.

 urlLink Herzberg's Theory of Motivation and Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs. This is a good summary of the learning theories taught by Herberg and Maslow. From the site: Among various behavioral theories long generally believed and embraced by American business are those of Frederick Herzberg and Abraham Maslow. Herzberg, a psychologist, proposed a theory about job factors that motivate employees. Maslow, a behavioral scientist and contemporary of Herzberg's, developed a theory about the rank and satisfaction of various human needs and how people pursue these needs. These theories are widely cited in the business literature. In the education profession, however, researchers in the '80s raised questions about the applicability of Maslow's and Herzberg's theories to elementary and secondary school teachers: Do educators, in fact, fit the profiles of the average business employee? That is, do teachers (1) respond to the same motivators that Herzberg associated with employees in profit-making businesses and (2) have the same needs patterns as those uncovered by Maslow in his studies of business employees? This digest first provides brief outlines of the Herzberg and Maslow theories. It then summarizes a study by members of the Tennessee Career Ladder Program (TCLP). This study found evidence that the teachers in the program do not match the behavior of people employed in business. Specifically, the findings disagree with Herzberg in relation to the importance of money as a motivator and, with Maslow in regard to the position of esteem in a person's hierarchy of needs.

 urlLink The Search for Meaning in Educational Research This is a good article by Deborah Court of Bar-Ilan University in Israel. Deborah Court researches educational cultures in Israel and abroad. She teaches qualitative research methods and curriculum evaluation at Bar-Ilan University in Israel. From the article: Abstract This article explores different senses of the concept of meaning in educational research, presenting ‘meaning’ as personal (the researcher’s quest for meaning through research), contextual (meaning in relation to linguistics and culture) and shared (through communication), offering illustrative examples from the literature and from her own work. Why Do We Perform Educational Research? When I was finishing my undergraduate degree in anthropology thirty years ago, the professor of our cultural anthropology course gave us a provocative assignment for our final paper. We were supposed to ask, and attempt to answer, one of the great, unanswered questions in cultural anthropology. Flirting with youthful cynicism on the one hand, and beginning a genuine search for meaning on the other, I entitled my paper, “One of the great, unanswered questions in cultural anthropology: Why are we doing this?” The details of my answer are long forgotten in the dustbin of essay history, but the gist of it was an attempt to find human significance in the description and analysis of cultures. Looking back, I blush at the naive presumption that I could answer such a question, but the question itself, “why are we doing this?” has recurred, sometimes at a hum and sometimes at a roar, for most of my professional life. Why, collectively, do we perform educational research? At first glance the answers seem clear. We want to learn about effective programs and teaching methods to help students learn. We want to discover relationships between variables in educational settings to plan interventions. We want to understand cultural contexts of schools to create schools that embody justice and reduce prejudice and inequality. From the individual researcher’s perspective we investigate topics about which we are curious or passionate; as well, we do research because it is an integral part of the academic role and a central factor in academic promotion. We may sometimes be paid or co-opted to do research in a setting that we did not choose out of personal-professional interest, but I think examination of most researchers’ work over years or decades will offer substantial revelation of what is important to those people. A researcher’s voyage may be long, the seas calm or stormy, the tides of circumstance insistent, but the journey is driven at least in part by the winds of ontological longing. Individually and collectively, we do educational research as part of a quest for meaning.

 urlLink Links2go PPC Search Engine This appears to be yet another pay-per click (PPC) search engine. That is, advertisers bid on keywords and the top bids appear at the top of results. I dislike this practice. Only people trying to make money from the Web bid. Most searchers want free information. This creates a disconnect between the search results and the end user. Yet, I will support this new search engine. Why? Commercialization of search results will continue unimpeded no matter what anyone says. Users will not pay to search. Banner ads are rarely clicked on anymore. How else can a search engine make money but to stick it to the people who want their sites found in the search results? This search product is worth support because it uses Goguides.org as the backfill for results. Despite management changes (and two spin off rival directories using GoGuides data!) the volunteer edited Goguides directory is a good source of spam free content. I want Goguides to continue strong and if this PPC search engine helps that cause, so be it.

 urlLink Update May 2003: Information literacy: a crucial role for schools This is by Barrett, L. & Banks, M. It ws published in Library and Information Update, 2(5), 42-44, 2003. From the paper: Lynn Barrett and teacher Mal Danks say you need to lay the foundations early. At Dixons City Technology College they have formed a partnership which does exactly that. In December, TFPL convened a seminar to explore information literacy, with representatives from the business world, colleges and universities — and one school librarian. It soon became evident that institutions offering further and higher education share a common problem with the business sector. The majority of students and employees cannot handle information effectively, even after 11 or 12 years of compulsory education. Both these sectors would benefit if the skills of information literacy were a greater priority in schools. Young people need a foundation that is applied in all areas of the curriculum so that they can transfer the skills to FE/HE or employment. Further training at these institutions could then focus on specific needs rather than tackling the basics. I was one of several people asked to give a case study of the work in this area — in my case, at Dixons CTC in Bradford. But what is information literacy and how does it differ from information skills? Is it just another name for something old hat, or is it a developmental concept that needs to be taught and supported through school and into FE/HE and work? I believe it’s the latter, and I don’t think many would disagree with me. However, we must define it clearly.

 urlLink TL Forum 2000: Atkinson and Dowling - information literacy and library reference reading for online courses This article is by Atkinson, Roger & Dowling, Sue. It is from the Teaching and Learning Forum 2000, Flexible Futures in Tertiary Teaching. Proceedings of the 9th Annual Teaching Learning Forum, 2-4 February 2000. Perth: Curtin University of Technology. From the site: The development of online teaching and learning has created requirements for "online readers", or sets of Internet accessible reference readings. However, is it feasible to aim towards reference reading which is entirely Internet based? Will a "wholly online reader" enable the desired teaching and learning outcomes? What are the staffing, technological, financial, organisational and management issues? This session of TL Forum seeks to explore these issues, drawing upon concepts in information literacy as a foundation for reviewing teaching and learning outcomes.

 urlLink Open Directory - Society: History: By Time Period: Ancient: Rome: People: Roman Emperors I have created a new category for Roman Emperors at the Open Directory Project. I have made subcats for about 18 emperors with the intent of adding categories for another 30. It is amazing how many sites are out there for even minor rulers like urlLink Galba or urlLink Otho . Anyway, I hope this librarian has made it easier to find good sites on Roman Emperors on the Web.

 urlLink Beginning a Team Journey of Discovery Patricia Ann Marcellino is an assistant professor of higher education. She was awarded the Doctor of Educational Administration by Hofstra University. Her teaching-research agenda includes leadership and team development in education and business settings. Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an exploratory action research investigation of team units in an educational leadership course. The instructor and action researcher presents her qualitative journey with seventeen graduate students who were registered in an educational leadership program. Students were teachers and aspiring principals. Results illustrated that students gained self-awareness and learned about the strengths and weaknesses of working in teams. Team members provided multiple perspectives about their teams, which enabled the instructor to increase her understanding regarding team units. The instructor was able to redesign her team instructional model or “action plan” concerning utilizing teams in the classroom.

 urlLink Information Literacy Instruction in Higher Education: Trends and Issues. ERIC Digest. As an academic, I always appreciate good overviews of how information literacy can be better taught in colleges and universities. From the site: Students today face a daily explosion of information resources and the challenge of using these resources effectively and responsibly. Academic libraries worldwide have responded by providing instruction in information literacy, described as the "ability to locate, manage, critically evaluate, and use information for problem solving, research, decision making, and continued professional development" (Orr, Appleton, & Wallin, 2001, p. 457). Information literacy instruction (ILI) requires a shift in focus from teaching specific information resources to a set of critical thinking skills involving the use of information. This change is reflected within the Information Literacy Competency Standards for Higher Education, developed by the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) (American Library Association, 2000). ILI in an academic setting includes a variety of instructional approaches, such as course-related library instruction sessions, course-integrated projects, online tutorials, and stand-alone courses (Spitzer, Eisenberg, & Lowe, 1998). Those running formal ILI programs consider curricular objectives, invoking combinations of instructional solutions over a period of time. This ERIC Digest examines characteristics of successful programs, presents approaches currently being taken by academic libraries to support ILI, and addresses common challenges in developing and maintaining ILI programs.

 urlLink Information Literacy - Implications for Early Childhood Teaching This article is by Donna Berthelsen, Gail Halliwell, Judith Peacock, Jess Burke, and Irene Ryan. (Did it really take 5 people to write this?) They are with the School of Early Childhood (Division of Information and Academic Services) at the Queensland University of Technology. I have read a lot of good Aussie articles on information literacy lately. They sure know information literacy in Australia. Abstract: Information literacy encompasses both technological skills and skills to locate, evaluate, and use information from a range of sources. Early childhood teachers require knowledge, skill and confidence in such skills to inform their teaching practice and to facilitate their ongoing professional development. Increasingly, within early childhood programs, there is a focus on the development of information literacy skills of children from the time they enter formal school programs and this continues across their schooling years. Cohorts of students in a Bachelor of Education course, completed surveys in which skills levels and knowledge of information literacy were explored. Students were found to have a range of skills and confidence levels and they indicated commitment to such skill development. The importance of a focus on early childhood students' skills in information literacy are discussed in terms of the need for systematic planning and integration of a range of information literacy tasks across students' undergraduate programs. The implications that such experiences have for teachers' professional practice, as educational contexts change and increasing importance is given to children's information literacy skill development, is explored.

 urlLink Study questions Google's long-term dominance - News - ZDNet Check out this long quote: Beyond the threat of copycats looms perhaps an even more disturbing finding for Google. Vividence claims that Google trails behind its rivals in encouraging people to click on advertisements, the site's primary source of revenue. Google ranked last in Vividence ad tests that examined how frequently people followed sponsored links or advertisements. Ask Jeeves garnered the most clicks on advertisements, followed by Lycos, MSN, Yahoo and Google, respectively. Google provides Ask Jeeves with search-related ad links. Watkins said part of the reason why Google lags behind its competitors is the company's stringent practice of keeping ads well marked, while the other sites sometimes mix solicitations in with regular search results. "Should Google sacrifice some of its image in order to get more clicks on ads? Maybe yes," he said. "This is a company on the verge of a $2 billion IPO, so you'd have to think that competitors will copy their format, and if these competitors can also sell more ads, it makes you wonder about the future." End of Quote: Hello? Does anyone have a problem with this? If Google's competition is getting a better click through rate on their ads because of deception (mixing advertising in with real results and not marking the ads as such), then Google's competition should be charged with fraud. Advertising on TV, the yellow pages, and in the newspaper is clearly marked. It is consumer fraud to make searchers believe they are getting unbiased non-advertising results and then serve the searcher up to the highest bidder. Talk about a need for information literacy skills. We need to teach our students and patrons how to identify ads and avoid them unless they want a commercial. Google does not need to change it's search results to be more deceptive. Instead, all the other search products need to change to be more honest.

 urlLink Information Literacy and the 21st Century Workplace - Preliminary Thoughts This article is by Dr. Walter R. Beam. It is based on an Information Literacy Workshop, November 3, 2000, given at the Capitol College Seminar on Information Technology. From the site: Literacy and the American Society. Possession of literacy skills as a major criterion for employment is a relatively novel concept, except for those engaged in law or 'letters'. At the start of the 20th Century, few Americans attended college and even fewer completed a degree. Though some trade schools had evolved, most trades were considered to be best learned through apprenticeship – that included medical and legal practice, well into the 19th century. Reading had been recognized as an essential skill for all learned professions – and especially for teaching, which was held in higher esteem a century ago than it is today. Both reading and writing skills were essential for law practice. Skill in (applied) mathematics was necessary in engineering, simpler parts of it in accountancy and, to a lesser degree, in business. Competent business people often hired others having skills they themselves not possess, and still do. However, marginal skill in reading, writing or math has often led to trusted employees breaking their trust. From "the three Rs" to communication. Of the three traditional literacy components, readin', (w)ritin', and (a)rithmetic, the first has long been a key to personal knowledge and progress. It is easy to believe this will continue true for the future. For those able to grasp and retain what they read, it is the fastest path to knowledge. Manual writing skill has traditionally been emphasized in early youth, though relatively few master the cognitive skills of writing in high school or even in college. Integration of reading, writing, speaking and use of graphics, sometimes referred to as communication, is a compact representation of non-mathematical, or more generally, non-specialist literacy. In the past generation, even Communications has been turned into a specialized college degree.

 urlLink School-Libraries.Org: Information Literacy and Library Skills Online Resources for School Librarians This is a good easy to use list of Web resources that deal with information literacy. This includes sections for General Information, Library Instruction, Web Page Evaluation, Web Page Evaluation Instruction, and Tutorials. The big drawback in this site is that it has not been updated in 2 years. (I guess that explains why an important site such as LibraryInstruction.Com is not listed.)

 urlLink Amazon.com: DVD: Buffy The Vampire Slayer - The Complete Sixth Season (2001) Another season of Buffy is available on DVD. Season 6 had the famous "Buffy the Musical" episode. Buffy also came back from the dead. Her digging out of her grave gave me the spooks. This show is all about information literacy. One character is a librarian and research in the library and on the Web is featured repeatedly. Vampire lovers and the transcendent blondes ain't for everyone but I love Buffy. (An early article on Buffy and information literacy was written by DeCandido, Graceanne A. "Bibliographic Good vs. Evil in Buffy the Vampire Slayer." American Libraries (September 1999): 44-47.)

 urlLink The Journey Out: Conceptual Mapping and Writing Process This article is by Beth Brunk-Chavez and Janette Martin. Beth Brunk-Chavez received her Ph.D. from The University of Texas at Arlington. She is currently at The University of Texas at El Paso where she teaches rhetoric and writing. Janette Martin received her Ph.D. from Bowling Green State University. She is currently at James Madison University where she teachers composition, rhetoric, literature, and American Studies. I think the idea of conceptual mapping ties in very closely tied to information literacy concepts. It is clearly an area that librarians can offer to help teach writing students about the library and research. From the article: A simple exercise in conceptual mapping of students’ writing process can yield surprisingly rich results. In this active learning exercise which students find quite pleasurable, students draw steps in their writing process by employing personally expressive symbols, metaphors, and linking devices. These maps help to conceptually integrate the writing process, which is generally experienced as a fragmented activity. Sharing of conceptual maps helps forge community in the classroom as students read and learn from each other’s maps. Moreover, maps can serve as a unique form of prewriting to help students make discoveries about themselves as writers and organize that information in preparation for assignments that call for reflection on writing.

 urlLink Information Literacy in an Information Society. ERIC Digest. This is a nice short essay on why information literacy is important and how educators can help students become more information literate. From the site: Information Literacy is the ability to access, evaluate, and use information from a variety of sources. As students prepare for the 21st century, traditional instruction in reading, writing, and mathematics needs to be coupled with practice in communication, critical thinking, and problem solving skills (Costa, 1985). DEFINITION An information literate person is one who: * recognizes that accurate and complete information is the basis for intelligent decision making * recognizes the need for information * formulates questions based on information needs * identifies potential sources of information * develops successful search strategies * accesses sources of information including computer-based and other technologies * evaluates information * organizes information for practical application * integrates new information into an existing body of knowledge * uses information in critical thinking and problem solving (Doyle, 1992)

 Yes, you are at the Information Literacy Land of Confusion . It looks different now because I changed the blog design. I think this looks better and more dignified than my old plain basic look. I also have changed the settings so that each post creates a seperate web address for that post. However, I have declined to turn posting of reader comments on. I fear the spam bots...

 urlLink American Presidents Blog I have started a new blog which deals with American Presidents. This also includes sites that deal with the US Presidency. I am trying to draw attention to sites on presidents from all eras. I have been going for 6 months now and thought I should probably mention it here.

 urlLink Supporting the Development of Information Literacy Skills This paper was written by Donna Berthelsen and Kerryann Walsh of the School of Early Childhood Faculty of Education at the Queensland University of Technology and Irene Ryan and Peter Sondergeld of the Kelvin Grove Library of the Queensland University of Technology. From the abstract: Information literacy encompasses both technological skills and skills to locate, evaluate, and use information from a range of sources. Such skills are best acquired within the specific context of students' learning needs. Within a subject concerned with the inclusion of children with special needs in early childhood programs in an undergraduate Bachelor of Education course, the skills of information literacy were operationalised as the ability to access and search electronic data bases, and to browse and evaluate internet sites. Students were required to complete two tasks around the demonstration of those skills. Students were found to have a range of skills for the set tasks and for students with less experience and confidence to compete the tasks, a higher level of support was required. The implications for the development of information literacy skills are discussed in terms of the need for systematic planning and integration of a range of such tasks across students' undergraduate programs, as well as issues related to staff development.

 urlLink Fundrace.org This is a nice site which shows how much people are donating to the different US presidential candidates. You can search by address and neighborhood. Who is your neighbor supporting? It also provide maps of the country and of big cities showing the breakdown in contributions. One interesting fact is that George Bush gets most of the small donations ($50). Meanwhile, John Kerry gets the highest percentage of big donors. This surprised me as supposedly the Republicans are the party of the rich. I guess a lot of average joe's are putting their money on Bush and a lot of rich folks are rooting for Kerry.

 urlLink The Roman Empire This is not directly related to information literacy (like many of my posts...) but I have found this site fun. It has an excellent overview of the history of the Roman Empire from the founding of the Republic to the fall of the Western Empire. It is a particularly good source for the biographies of Roman Emperors. I imagine there is not a ton of money to be made off of a Roman history site so I admire the site owner for doing such a good job.

 urlLink Information Literacy as a Liberal Art This is by Jeremy J. Shapiro and Shelley K. Hughes. The subtitle is "Enlightenment proposals for a new curriculum." From the site: What does a person need to know today to be a full-fledged, competent and literate member of the information society? As we witness not only the saturation of our daily lives with information organized and transmitted via information technology, but the way in which public issues and social life increasingly are affected by information-technology issues - from intellectual property to privacy and the structure of work to entertainment, art and fantasy life - the issue of what it means to be information-literate becomes more acute for our whole society. Should everyone take a course in creating a Web page, computer programming, TCP/IP protocols or multimedia authoring? Or are we looking at a broader and deeper challenge - to rethink our entire educational curriculum in terms of information? In responding to these questions, it is useful to return to the 18th-century Enlightenment, when thinkers began to confront the relationship between scientific progress and the emergence of a free society. It is exactly 200 years since the publication of Condorcet's Sketch for a Historical Picture of the Progress of the Human Mind, the Enlightenment's greatest philosophy of history manifesto, written while Condorcet - mathematician, scientist, philosopher, educational reformer, journalist - was in hiding from the Jacobin terror of the French Revolution. In his Sketch, Condorcet told the story of humanity as a story of progress, in which "nature has joined together indissolubly the progress of knowledge and that of liberty, virtue, and respect for the natural rights of man," leading inevitably to humanity's "perfection" and "happiness." Condorcet is relevant to us today because he was attempting to project and plan for the future at a historical turning point.

 urlLink The National Science Foundation's Massive Digital Library for Education: Opportunities and Challenges for Teachers and Librarians This is a good write up off the National Science, Mathematics, Engineering, and Technology Education Digital Library (NSDL) program. From the site: The National Science Foundation (NSF) released its first call for proposals for the National Science, Mathematics, Engineering, and Technology Education Digital Library (NSDL) program early in 2000. Building on work supported under the multi-agency Digital Libraries Initiative, this program aims to establish a national digital library that will constitute an online network of learning environments and resources for science, mathematics, engineering, and technology education at all levels. BACKGROUND Fiscal year 1994 marked the beginning of the Digital Libraries Initiative (DLI), a multi-agency research effort involving the National Science Foundation (NSF), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and the Department of Defense's Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA). NSF served as the lead agency in this program that provided support for basic research into the transformative potential of information technology as applied to library and information science. Six multi-year projects were funded in the first four years, featuring collaborations of researchers and users from a variety of organizations, including leading universities, state agencies, secondary schools, prominent libraries and museums, the publishing community, government laboratories, and the computer and communications industry. In a brief note in Educom Review, Paul Evan Peters (1995) provided very short summaries of these projects; but more importantly he posited the term "digital library" as the logical replacement for what Peters called two prior terms of art: the "electronic library," with its basic "bits on silicon rather than ink on paper" concept, and the "virtual library," as captured in the idea of "not only what you own but what you have access to." (It bears mentioning that this same early to mid-1990s time period also marked the emergence of the first text-based browsers, which were followed very quickly by graphical browsers.) In 1995 initial thinking about digital libraries for science education began with an internal concept paper for the NSF Division of Undergraduate Education (DUE), and the concepts were developed and informed by a series of workshops and accompanying reports (Manduca & Mogk, 1999; NRC, 1998, 1999; NSF, 1998, 1999a, 1999b). By FY98 the initial DLI had gained more partner agencies and under the umbrella of a new DLI-2 effort, a prototype program was conducted for two years to explore the application of digital library research to undergraduate science education test beds. Spurred by both enthusiasm from the broad educational community and both the legislative and executive branches for the promise of digital libraries to enable improvements in education, the formal NSDL program (http://www.ehr.nsf.gov/ehr/due/programs/nsdl) was established in 2000.

 urlLink Information Literacy This article is by Patricia Senn Breivik. It was presented at NORDINFO in 2001. From the site: We received much good advice yesterday, and I shall build upon those earlier comments. In particular, I would ask you to remember Hans Geleijnse’s admonition to have a vision before you which is central to the mission of your institution. I would further suggest that your version should be broad enough to include the larger environment which shapes your institution’s mission and then - as urged by Mirja Ryynänen of the Finnish Parliament - there is the need to aggressively market your vision. Information literacy is certainly one such vision. It responds to concerns for graduates’ needing to be prepared for lifelong learning, problem solving and critical thinking. Information literacy is actually the liberal arts concept of preparing people for a lifetime of learning updated for an Information Age, and it directly addresses the digital divide. There are some myths that can obscure the vision for an information literate society and its importance. Let us briefly consider those. - The myth that technology and/or Internet access is all that is needed to solve our world’s problems. Americans have always liked quick fixes, so this myth especially appeals to us. The problem is that we have too much evidence around us that the digital divide is growing not shrinking. - The myth that computer literacy is enough. Again, we have too much evidence to the contrary in developed nations. For example, Taizo Nishimuro, President of Toshiba Corporation states: "Information technology, in particular the Internet and the web, have introduced a new society where people can share information freely, anywhere, at anytime, across the globe. Information networks have become an essential element of our lives and the global economy. With widespread use of the Internet, it becomes clear that skills required are not merely how to use a computer or how to get information, but rather how to solve problems and how to create values with the help of others through information networks. Therefore, the term information literacy means more than so-called computer literacy." - The myth that everything is on the web. This is a misconception in two ways. First, much information is not digitalized; much local information, for example, is often not available, because it is not commercially profitable to mount such information online. Second, much information that is online is not accessible to most people due to the limitations of search engines. This limitation is significant because 85% of users use search engines to locate information.2 Let me quote from two research studies. The first comes from a 1999 article published in Nature. It documented the following: - Search engine coverage relative to the estimated size of the publicly indexable web has decreased substantially since December 1997, with no engine indexing more than about 16% of the estimated size of publicly indexable web. - Search engines are typically more likely to index sites that have more links to them (more ‘popular’ sites). They are also typically more likely to index US sites than non-US sites. - Indexing of new or modified pages by just one of the major search engines can take months. - 83% of sites contain commercial content and 6% contain scientific or educational content. - A summary of this research project stated "The current state of search engines can be compared to a phone book, which is updated irregularly, is biased toward listing more popular information, and has most of the pages ripped out."

 urlLink IMPLEMENTING AN ASSESSMENT PLAN FOR INFORMATION LITERACY This paper is by Kristine R. Brancolini and Erla P. Heyns. It was presented at Living the future II, Organizational changes for success, April 21-24, 1998, The University of Arizona Library, Tucson, Arizona. From the site: Abstract The "Assessment Plan for Information Literacy" at Indiana University Bloomington asserts the need for the teaching faculty to form partnerships with librarians to ensure an acceptable level of information literacy for all students. Several projects for implementing the plan will be presented, along with a case study on one School. Paper Our presentation this afternoon will be divided into three parts. First, I will describe the Indiana University "Assessment Plan for Information Literacy," which was adopted in 1996. Then, I will update you on our general progress in implementing the plan over the past two years. Then Erla Heyns will provide specific information about the challenges of implementing the plan in one school, Health, Physical Education, and Recreation.

 urlLink Information literacy and news libraries: the challenge of developing information literacy instruction programs in a special library environment This is a master's thesis dealing with information literacy in a type of special library from the Curtin University of Technology. It is by Fiona Bradley. From the abstract: This study examines the current situation of training provided to journalists by news librarians in the United States and Australia. The study examines the factors affecting the provision of training and the potential for information literacy instruction to comprise most of the training provided. The definition of information literacy was explored in the context of journalists and news organisations. The study questions the adaptability of the concept to a workplace environment, where organisational and individual development is important. The results of a self-administered questionnaire are presented. Respondents indicated that news librarians are very willing to plan and conduct training, a clear majority agreeing that they should train journalists to search for their own information. Respondents also expressed a need for more training themselves with regard to the skills needed to deliver instruction. The results also found that training is at an early stage in news libraries, with few hours available for planning and conducting training, and mixed success with different training methodologies. A model is suggested as a method of selecting information literacy competencies for individual journalists. The model describes the relationships between individual, organisation, and occupation determined competencies. The study also discusses the implications of the lack of workplace training for journalists, which has impacted upon news libraries' ability to introduce training services. News librarians are providing training, and are pro-active in providing services and information to journalists, but managers do not yet recognise this as a major role for librarians in news organisations. Information literacy instruction needs to become an organisational goal in order to succeed. The difficulties of assessing and evaluating information literacy instruction in the workplace are outlined. The need for measurable outcomes and preevaluation in training are emphasized. Several considerations for further research are detailed, including the need for further clarification of the nature of information literacy in the workplace, as well as the relationship between the role of information literacy instruction in formal university education and the workplace.

 urlLink EDUCATION FOR INFORMATION LITERACY IN CZECH TECHNICAL UNIVERSITIES This article is by Vladimir T. Borovansky of Arizona State University. From the site: Czech technical universities have emerged from the more than forty years of communist domination only a little less effected than other institutions of higher learning. Since they were considered more important for the defense industry than the universities with the humanities and social sciences disciplines, they received better funding. Nevertheless, their libraries and information services remained underfunded and understaffed by western standards. And yet the information support of research and teaching is critical in today's global competition. The situation is only a little better today, mostly thanks to many progressive and hard working library professionals. In addition to the acquisition of needed information sources in both, the traditional as well as the electronic format, they are faced with the education of their users in exploiting these resources and the critical use of the Internet information. During his sabbatical in the spring semester 2000, the author worked at the Czech Technical University Prague, one of the seven technical universities in the Czech Republic. CTU is one of the oldest technical universities in the world founded in 1717 as the Estates Engineering School. It has passed through several developmental phases until it became the Czech Technical University. In addition to the CTU, the author visited several other major Czech institutions of technical learning, namely the Brno Institute of Technology, the Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague and the Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and Technical University Ostrava. The main topic of the sabbatical was to assist in the education of engineers in using information resources. The author has had experience from more than thirty years of serving and educating the science and engineering clientele at Arizona Sate University including one year in Saudi Arabia.

 urlLink Educating the Consumer about Advertising: Some Issues. Advertising is everywhere. It even dominates the vast majority of search engine results online. Our students are not always the best at identifying commercial messages in the world. This site has some good suggestions which could be incorporated into an information literacy curriculum. From the site: Advertising can be defined as communication which promotes the purchase of products and services, and advertisements are pervasive in the American culture. Ads are sandwiched between programs on television, interspersed with popular songs on the radio, and scattered among news features in the daily paper. While advertisements may distract from a TV program or a newspaper's other messages, might they also serve a more positive purpose? Can advertising advance consumer knowledge? At the same time, can consumer education help people become more knowledgeable and critical about the goals of advertising? This digest provides a basic overview of issues related to advertising and the consumer. ADS ARE EVERYWHERE People sometimes complain about the perceived overabundance of advertising in daily life. While consumers are accustomed to ads on television and in magazines, commercial promotion appears to be cropping up in more and more places. A proposed cable TV channel (Channel One) for use in schools faltered when it was learned that the channel would carry commercials aimed at the students, but it now appears to be heading for success, even though school administrators are divided on its merits (Rist, 1989). A profile of Channel One founder, Chris Whittle, in "The New York Times" reported that, while many teachers and administrators extol the value of the newscast which Channel One presents, others will never accept the infusion of commercialism in the schools. Whittle, however, has already signed up the 8600 schools he needed to cover his capital costs and achieve the audience size he felt would interest advertisers (Kleinfield, 1991). Advertising is also found in some of the free curriculum materials which businesses supply to schools. A content analysis of materials within the areas of nutrition, energy, and economics education revealed that business-sponsored materials were found to contain significantly more advertising statements than did non-business-sponsored materials. Additionally, sponsored materials contained significantly more references to brand names/models and more company/brand logos and names than did non-sponsored materials. Many educators believe that the value of these materials is suspect, because of the preponderance of the commercial message over the informational content (Rudd 1986). Each time a new communications technology is developed, merchants are quick to devise ways of exploiting the medium for advertising purposes. Advertisers move rapidly to exploit the commercial possibilities of radio, television and cable. Facsimile machines are now used to transmit ads. Sports arenas' and stadiums' electronic scoreboards carry product names in yards-high lettering. The developing technologies of teletext, electronic mail, and interactive cable television are now being used to sell products as well. Research suggests that as a result of these developments, advertising is now less likely to contain meaningful product information, and more likely to be intermingled with other kinds of messages (Sepstrup 1986). Consumers, as the targets of these increasingly complex promotional strategies, must become much more aware of the persuasive nature of advertising.

 urlLink Journal Writing and Adult Learning. Thia is not directly related to information literacy but I found it to be a good read. I hope you do too. From the site: "The value of journal writing to a course with adult students cannot be overemphasized." (Sommer 1989, p. 115) Journals and diaries have a long history as a means of self-expression. Several themes prevalent in adult learning--coming to voice, developing the capacity for critical reflection, and making meaning--are reflected in the way journals can be used in adult education. Journals are useful learning tools in a variety of adult education settings. Dialog journals, for example, have become popular in adult literacy and English as a second language classrooms. This digest focuses on several types of journals, exploring their value in assisting adults through their learning journey and summarizing advice from the literature on effective ways to use journals. TYPES OF JOURNALS One type is the reader response journal or literature log, in which learners record their responses to readings. Used on all levels from adult basic education through graduate study, such logs enable readers to enter the literature in their own voice (Perham 1992), placing themselves in relation to the text and discovering what they think about it. Over time, the log itself becomes another primary text to which they can respond (Perl 1994). Usually, entries are shared with the class, stimulating discussion. In one variation described by Perham, a looseleaf notebook accessible to the whole class becomes a collaborative journal in which learners and teacher make ongoing comments. Both Perham and Perl feel that these response journals have the power to build a community of learners though the process of critical co-reading and co-writing. The learning journal is a systematic way of documenting learning and collecting information for self-analysis and reflection. When used in an adult education class, they can be more or less structured depending on the objectives and degree of self-direction of the learners. Examples from Schatzberg-Smith (1989), Oaks (1995), and Clark (1994) illustrate the wide range of learner levels and applications. Adult students in community colleges who are academically underprepared (Schatzberg-Smith 1989) use them to record their study habits and attitudes; through journal dialog with a more academically skilled adult, they receive support, insight, and feedback; learn to connect the abstract and the concrete; and develop metacognitive strategies they will need for higher education. Distance learners lack the physical presence of co-learners for dialog and collaboration. At Empire State College (Oaks 1995), a structured learning journal replicates for distance learners many of the functions of a collaborative writing group. The learners are given specific questions that stimulate their journal entries and reinforce their movement through the writing process. In a sense, the journal substitutes self-dialog for communal discourse.

 urlLink Drowning in information, starved for knowledge: information literacy, not technology, is the issue This is by Alan Bundy of the University of South Australia. It was presented at Books and Bytes: technologies for the hybrid library 10th VALA Conference, Melbourne 16-18 February 2000. From the abstract: The main issue of the so called information age is still being given scant systematic attention. Even if they recognise their need for information, people often lack the understandings and skills to identify, locate, access, evaluate and then apply the needed information. Librarianship is the only profession which is really alert to this issue but has itself allowed a preoccupation with technology to obscure its response to human need , as well as to its primary responsibility for the record of civilisation. All librarians in the 21st century will need to promote the fact that it is good libraries and information literacy, not just information technology, which largely determine who are the information rich and information poor. They will also need to reintermediate through balanced use of analog and digital resources; challenge those who peddle technology as the panacea for the world's educational, economic and societal needs; assert their values and insights; and review constantly how technology in libraries is affecting their users, and the paper records of civilisation, most of which will never be digitised and with which libraries will remain entrusted.

 urlLink Challenging technolust: the educational responsibility of librarians This is by Alan Bundy of the University of South Australia. This paper was presented at the annual conference of the International Association of Technological University Libraries (IATUL) held at the Technical University of Crete, May 1999. From the site: The high expenditure on information technology in educational institutions is occurring too often for political reasons, driven by technolusts; a quest to be perceived at a technological cutting edge which will always be a mirage; and commercial interests which have fostered information technology anxiety and competition within, and between, countries. Even senior educational administrators are vulnerable to the siren sounds of the technolusts and their proffering of an educational panacea and change agent through information technology. This is a danger in developed countries. It is much more so if developing countries conclude that information technology is the solution to their educational deficits. Because they are heavy and effective users of information technology, librarians, more than any other profession, have a balanced and discriminating view of the place of information technology in education. They are aware that the fundamental educational issue is information literacy, not information technology. This awareness needs to be reflected more strongly in library mission statements, to provide an overt basis for the contesting of any educational process or expenditure which does not have enduring learning and information literacy outcomes.

 urlLink Alternative Library Instruction This is a call for manuscripts for a special theme at Academic Exchange Quarterly on alternative library instruction. Although I am biased (I am the Executive Editor of the journal), I think this is a great journal for librarians to be publishing in. Cynthia Tysick of the University of Buffalo is the feature editor for this theme. From the CFP: Focus: The goal of this issue will be to provide examples of alternative library instruction created by librarians or faculty members in all settings, K-12, public, academic, special, etc., that can be implemented by others. Alternative library instruction can be, but is not limited to: -- Curriculum integrated instruction -- Virtual instruction -- Audio/video tours -- Interactive instruction -- Active learning experiences -- Game oriented instruction Who May Submit: Manuscripts are sought from those librarians or faculty members who have produced engaging and effective library instruction programs that move beyond the traditional methods of instruction either through the use of technology or creativity. Please identify your submission with keyword: ALTERNATIVE

 urlLink World History Blog This is neat little blog that covers world history. It is well done and has entries going back to December. It is blogs like this that make blogging fun for readers of blogs.

 urlLink DISTRIBUTING THE LIBRARY TO THE LEARNER (Beyond the Beginning: The Global Digital Library) This is by Peter Brophy. It was presented at Beyond the beginning: the global digital library. An international conference organised by UKOLN on behalf of JISC, CNI, BLRIC, CAUSE and CAUL. 16th and 17th June at the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre, London, UK. From the abstract: This paper concentrates on lifelong learning. After introducing the topic and examining some of the attributes which differentiate it from conventional education systems, the paper considers the demands it makes on library provision. Some current exemplars of libraries providing support to lifelong learners are described. Principles underlying the evolution towards support of lifelong learning are listed, and the paper closes with the challenge faced by libraries in this regard.

 urlLink Fundamental Skills in Science: Observation. Many of our students are scientifically illiterate. They believe in astrology, UFO abduction stories, crop circles, etc. The problem is that students lack an undertsanding of how science works. (They also forget to turn on, as the late Carl Sagan described it, "their bull-shit detectors.") The skills used in good scientific observation closely parallel the skills used in information literacy. From the site: Long before our ancestors invented writing, they created art representing their observations, and detailed observations of the night sky were being systematically recorded nearly 3,000 years ago (Kavassalis, 2000). Though the early Greeks recognized the importance of our senses in constructing knowledge, the primacy of observations was formally put to the test by Galileo who faced charges of heresy for supporting the heliocentric theory of the universe. Risking his life for the sake of ideas, Galileo not only believed in what he observed through the newly invented telescope, he believed in the newly emerging views of scientific knowledge based on reasoning and observations. De Duve (2002) has characterized science as being "based on observation and experiment, guided by reason" (p. 285), and this combination is what distinguishes science from other paths to knowledge. Derry (1999) makes the same point by saying that "well constructed scientific arguments, defending a scientific conclusion, generally rests on two foundations: reliable empirical evidence and sound logical reasoning" (p. 89). Martin (1972) was more explicit: "Scientific theories are primarily tested against observation and accepted, rejected, or modified mainly because of observational data. Observation is thus generally considered to be the touchstone of objectivity in science; it seems to be primarily observation that provides an independent standard for the evaluation of theories and hypotheses. If it were not for observation, there would be little reason for choosing between scientific theories and fictional accounts, between science and pseudoscience, between warranted assertions and fanciful hopes. " He goes on to caution, though, that "observation clearly cannot be maintained as infallible or certain. The existence of perceptual illusion, hallucinations, and other less dramatic perceptual errors proves that people can be deceived by their senses" (pp. 112-113).

 urlLink INFORMATION LITERACY FOR THE SKEPTICAL LIBRARY DIRECTOR This is by Patricia S. Breivik. IT was presented at the 2000 IATUL Conference Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia 3rd - 7th July, 2000. From the site: In the United States in the 1980s, there was a major educational reform effort that focused on both K-12 and higher education. During those years it seemed that every organization that had anything to do with education, and a lot that had nothing to do with education, wrote a report on how the educational system in America was not working and recommended how things should change. One of the things that was really remarkable about these reports which tapered off at the end of the 80's (so we're talking only 20 years ago) was that only two of them mentioned libraries. Not only did they not mention libraries, they didn't mention information technology. They didn't even mention the Information Age, even though Alvin Toffler 1 years before had sent out the alert that we were in the Information Age. So it was remarkable that so many brilliant people, or at least people who thought they were brilliant, could be suggesting how to reform education while ignoring the world in which current and all future generations were going to live and work. So in a spirit of frustration and concern Bob Wedgeworth, who was at one time Executive Director of the American Library Association and at that time Dean of the library school at Columbia, and I got together. I had called him and said, “We need to change higher education; and, if you want to be part of doing that, let's meet for breakfast before you fly back to New York City.” I remember that he laughed and said “Well, you're not going to tell me anything more about this are you?” and I replied “No, not until we meet.” We got together the next morning and came up with an idea. It was for a one time collaboration between the University of Colorado, where I was working, and Columbia University. With support form the CU President and others at Columbia, we organized a higher education summit. We also invited not only librarians, but the highest, most prestigious people from higher education including Ernie Boyer, whom some of you may know. His book, College: the Undergraduate Experience in America 2 came out very late in the reform effort and was the only one which envisioned a role for libraries in the improvement of learning. In it he said it was important for students to spend as much time in the library as they did in the classroom learning how to use the whole range of information resources. We invited this esteemed higher education leader, and he came! And others did too. Going into the conference, we didn't know what would happen. Would they just laugh at us? That was a possibility, but we also knew that nothing would change if we did not take the risk. Then we locked them away in old New York Governor Harriman's estate on the Hudson River, and for three days we talked about the role of libraries in quality education. Out of the conference came a book 3, but more importantly out of it came the beginning of the information literacy movement, as we know it today. One of the people at that conference was Margaret Chisholm, the incoming president of the American Library Association, and she called me and said, “This is too important to stop here. And it's got to be expanded to include K-12. Do you think we can get together a prestigious enough group of educational leaders to come together with librarians to continue this dialogue?” And that's what we did. We recruited to the effort people like the Executive Director of the American Association of School Administrators and the Executive Director of the American Association of Colleges of Teacher Education. Seven education leaders came together with six librarians and produced in 1989 the ALA Presidential Committee on Information Literacy Final Report 4 which was released in Washington, DC, as part of the ALA Midwinter meeting at a press conference.

 urlLink Teaching Information Skills in the Information Age: the Need for Critical Thinking This article is by John J. Doherty, Mary Anne Hansen, and Kathryn K. Kaya. It was published in Library Philosophy and Practice Vol. 1, No. 2 (Spring 1999). From the article: A recent report by the Boyer Commission on undergraduate education concluded that universities have too often failed, and continue to fail, their undergraduate populations [1]. Students are graduating without some of the basic skills they need to function in the professional world, such as knowing how to think logically, write clearly, or speak coherently. Thousands of students, they note, graduate without having tasted the basics of research [2]. The report challenges universities to rethink their traditional instructional models, to move to a model of inquiry-based learning wherein the student is involved in research from the beginning. Everyone (faculty and student) involved in the teaching-learning experience should recognize that they are both discoverers of knowledge and learners: The skills of analysis, evaluation, and synthesis will become the hallmarks of a good education, just as absorption of knowledge once was. [3] In the current educational climate such a model is highly attractive in meeting the faculty's need for research and the student's need for good teaching and learning. As librarians know well, however, research is a much more difficult process due to the proliferation of information. In discussing his vision of the future, Daniel Bell noted that: In the coming century, the emergence of a new social framework of telecommunications may be decisive for the way in which economic and social exchanges are conducted, the way knowledge is created and retrieved. [4] When Bell first promulgated this vision of the post-industrial society, or the information age as we now call it, ARPANET, the progenitor of the Internet, was still in the secretive hands of the military. He notes that his vision would be a total break with the past, as there would be "a changeover from a goods-producing society to an information or knowledge society" [5]. The key to this emerging new era, he adds, is the combination of computer and telecommunications technology, which is something we now see with the Information Superhighway of the Internet.

 urlLink An instructional role for librarians: an overview and content analysis of job advertisements This article is by Laurel A. Clyde. It was published in Australian Academic & Research Libraries Volume 33 Nº 3, September 2002. From the abstract: In library and information science programs, decisions have to be made from time to time about introducing new courses and reviewing existing course offerings. This article reports on a descriptive study undertaken to gain an overview of current library and information workplace needs (as of early 2002) for professionals with knowledge and skills related to user education and information literacy instruction. A secondary aim was to support the course development process by identifying the specific knowledge and skills that are presently in demand in the workplace. A literature review provided the basis for an overview of user education in libraries and information agencies. This overview is followed by a description and discussion of a small-scale research project that used content analysis techniques to study job advertisements posted to the international LIBJOBS listserv over a period of three months. More than half of the advertisements required at least some experience of and/or skills in user education of some kind. The final section of the article discusses the implications for a library and information science education program.

 urlLink Computer Skills for Information Problem-Solving: Learning and Teaching in Context. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest was authored by Michael B. Eisenberg and Doug Johnson. It does a good job of connecting information literacy theory with computer skills. From the site: There seems to be clear and widespread agreement among the public and educators that students need to be proficient computer users--students need to be "computer literate." However, while districts are spending a great deal of money on technology, there seems to be only a vague notion of what computer literacy really means. - Can the student who operates a computer well enough to play "Doom" be considered computer literate? - Will a student who has used computers in school only for running tutorials or an integrated learning system have the skills necessary to survive in our society? - Will the ability to do basic word processing be sufficient for students entering the workplace or post-secondary education? Clearly not. In too many schools, most teachers and students still use computers only as the equivalent of expensive flash cards or electronic worksheets. The productivity side of computer use in the general content area curriculum is neglected or grossly underdeveloped (Moursund, 1995). There are, however, some encouraging signs concerning computers and technology in education. For example, it is becoming increasingly popular for educational technologists to advocate integrating computers into the content areas. Teachers and administrators are recognizing that computer skills should not be taught in isolation, and that separate "computer classes" do not really help students learn to apply computer skills in meaningful ways. This is an important shift in approach and emphasis. And it's a shift with which library media specialists have a great deal of familiarity.

 urlLink Global Academic Research Academic Exchange Quarterly is seeking country editors. Articles originally published in Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Russian, Spanish... now, English version is published in Academic Exchange Quarterly , AEQ, with author and/or original publisher consent and assistance - under editorial supervision of journal designated Country Editor, also, in Copyright Notice, referred to as English Version Editor. Each Country Editor must be familiar with academic publications in a particular language and accept responsibility for: - identifying 2-3 articles, each 2000 - 5000 words in length, suitable for journal's given issue defined by KEYWORD INDEX. - abridgment permitted so long as the original intent of the article is not changed . - article selection, translation, format editing, clearance of copyright ought to be completed no later than the end of AEQ issue regular deadline. - each submitted article is assigned submission # and, for scheduling purposes, is listed in TRACK-YOUR-SUBMISSION. - each country editor, author and/or original publisher receives a complimentary copy of the published article. - each editor is listed as Assistant Editor in Editorial Review Board, after first successful publication. If you want to get involved in editing work, and know another language, this would be a good opportunity. Details on how to apply are at http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/rufen4.htm.

 urlLink Elementary School Blog : This is another blog I have became aware of recently. It is written by Norma Jean Smith who is a school librarian in Austin, Texas. It is very well done. It focuses on professional sites for primary grade teachers. She has pegged a few library related sites as well. My oldest son is in elementary school now so I have an new found interest in the primary grade levels and find this to be a good read.

 urlLink Can an online tutorial pass the test for library instruction? This is by Marion Churkovich and Christine Oughtred. It is an evaluation and comparison of library skills instruction methods for first-year students at Deakin University. From the site: An online, interactive tutorial, Smart Searcher, was introduced at Deakin University as part of the library's information skills program in late 2000. As liaison librarians responsible for library skills training we wanted to compare and evaluate this mode of instruction with our normal face-to-face delivery of library instruction. This study found that students with face-to-face instruction did, in fact, gain higher post-test mean scores than students completing the online tutorial. Also, students attending these library sessions felt more confident about their library skills than those in the online tutorial only session.

 urlLink For a clever country: information literacy diffusion in the 21st century This is by Alana Bundy. It is a background and issues paper for the first national roundtable on information literacy conducted by the Australian Library and Information Association (ALIA) and held at the State Library of Victoria 28 February 2001. From the site: Information literacy - what is it? Information literacy is an understanding and set of abilities enabling individuals to ‘recognise when information is needed and have the capacity to identify, locate, evaluate, and use effectively the needed information’. An information literate person is a person who has learned how to learn, and is able to * recognise a need for information * determine the extent of information needed * access the needed information efficiently * evaluate the information and its sources * incorporate selected information into their knowledge base * use information effectively to accomplish a purpose * understand economic, legal, social and cultural issues in the use of information * access and use information ethically and legally * classify, store, manipulate and redraft information collected or generated * recognise information literacy as a prerequisite for lifelong learning Information literacy - why? Information literacy is required because of proliferating information access and resources. Individuals are faced with diverse, abundant, information choices¾in their studies, in the workplace, and in their lives. Information is available through community resources, special interest organisations, manufacturers and service providers, media, libraries, and the internet. Increasingly, information comes unfiltered. This raises questions about authenticity, validity, and reliability. In addition, information is available through multiple media, including graphical, aural, and textual. These pose special challenges in evaluating, understanding and using information in an ethical and legal manner. The uncertain quality and expanding quantity of information also pose large challenges for organisations of all types, and for society itself. Sheer abundance of information and technology will not in itself create more informed citizens without a complementary understanding and capacity to use information effectively.

 urlLink That Tangled Web This is by Kerry S. Kilburn from his Dr. Mom's Guide to College. I found his site while editing at the Open Directory Project today. I of course added it to the ODP. From the site: 1. The internet is a wonderful thing. The resources that are now available on-line are unbelievable to those of us who did all this in the dark ages of slide rules and keypunch cards (if you don’t know, don’t ask). Even though it has wonderful things to offer, though, it is not your one-stop-research-shop, and a healthy dose of skepticism is an important tool for any college surfer. 2. The list of web sites you should be familiar with begins with your college’s own site. Increasingly, students are expected to use their university’s web site to monitor their academic progress, register for classes, pay fines, search the library catalog, get e-mail from faculty members, and more. So spend some quality time surfing through it and bookmark essential sites (Student Services, the Registrar, Financial Aid, student organizations, etc.). Look at it this way – if nothing else, you’ll be able to amaze your friends and instructors with your ability to locate obscure web pages (“how to sign up for the distance education underwater basketweaving section” . . .). 3. In case you hadn’t figured it out by now, anyone can create web pages and post anything they want on the web. Just because it’s online doesn’t mean it’s true, relevant, or legitimate to use on your latest term paper. Learn to evaluate web sites with the same care you evaluate other information sources and avoid the pitfall of thinking that the web is a legitimate substitute for the campus library. And forget you’ve ever heard of sites that post student research papers “for information purposes.” Really.

 urlLink Julie Lorenzen This is my wife's new site. It is her homepage with access to her book reviews and articles. No, she is not a librarian and this post is not related to information literacy. However, I am mentioning it here to give the new site a plug and a link that will get it indexed fast by Google. I also will point out that Julie is a graduate student and posting her work here. I wish other students would do this. I hate it when college students write papers and then put the papers online at the school. As soon as the students graduate, the papers vanish! If students could put up their own no frill pages with their own domains, this wouldn't happen. Buying a domain and getting hosting is not very expensive. From the site: Hi, welcome to my site. My name is Julie Lorenzen. I am a part-time graduate student working on a Master's degree in the Humanities at Central Michigan University. I live in Mount Pleasant, Michigan with my husband Michael Lorenzen and my two sons, Calvin and Caleb. I have created this site to provide visitors an access point to two things: 1. My book reviews: I have reviewed a few books for classes in the past. Further, I am also a reviewer for Ohioana Quarterly . I will be placing new reviews as I write them here. (Some of my previous reviews are currently hosted at Library Reference Search. I will provide links to those reviews as well.) 2. My articles: I will be posting articles I write for class here. As I have a ways to go in my degree program, I expect this section of my site will be growing a great deal in the coming years. I realize by posting my work online that I am just asking for people to plagiarize my work. Online plagiarism is the trend for students now and many teachers are either unwilling to confront the issue or are clueless. I can only hope that my work will not be misused and that readers find it of interest.

 urlLink Assessing student learning: Available resources This article is by Amy E. Mark. It appeared in the May issue of College & Research Libraries News . It is a collection (with annotations) of sites which have good information on assessing students. From the site: The national attention on assessment in education is here to stay. Teaching librarians are focusing on assessing student learning both to justify library instruction to stakeholders and to improve student learning by working toward graduating entire classes of information literate students from colleges and universities. Librarians have become increasingly involved in assessment culture while searching for methods to assess information literacy. This column of Internet resources on student learning assessment differs from a list of information literacy assessment Web sites by embracing the paradigm shift away from evaluation and moving toward the assessment of student learning. Librarians are transitioning from skill-based measurements of evaluations to outcomes-based assessment. By reviewing the resources below librarians also open themselves up to research outside of librarianship, cognizant that other disciplines have expertise with measurement and instruments from which we can borrow.

 urlLink Information, Librarians and learning: The Challenge Ahead This presentation was given by Miriam A. Drake in 1996. It was a Follett Lecture given in London. From the site: The challenges in higher education are enormous and a bit frightening. My unscientific survey reveals a chaos on both sides of the Atlantic because no one knows how teaching and learning will change. There are many competing and conflicting forces at work. The situation is highly dynamic and likely to remain so for the immediate future. There is a high level of complexity and uncertainty. Our old and comfortable world is going away. Traditional structures and methods of teaching and learning are giving way to an new order, as yet undefined. The elements in the new situation include more students, less money, assessment, quality, technology, productivity, student responsibility for learning, lifelong learning, distance learning and a generation that does not learn or gain understanding as we did. I call it the "point and click" generation. They have been nurtured on a diet of television and video games. In some ways, we have exposed our children to television in ways that stifle their imaginations, curiosity and fantasies. Neil Postman said, "our politics, religion, news, athletics, education and commerce have been transformed into congenial adjuncts of show business . . . the result is that we as a people are on the verge of amusing ourselves to death."1 The addition of computers in infant schools and above could exacerbate the problems. If teachers are to be more productive, that is, teach more students in a given period of time and if students are to take more responsibility for their own learning there will have to be some big changes. For some people, technology is the magic answer. There are people who believe that technology will solve all the problems. Government officials and politicians look at private industry and see that we are producing more goods with fewer people . Processes of reengineering, using computers to control production work well for goods where uniformity is desired. They do not work well for people. The cookie cutter approach does not result in educated people. Teachers will have to transform themselves into multimedia producers, team leaders, directors and coaches. Faculty accustomed to teaching with lectures, chalk and blackboard are likely to encounter difficulty in meeting new demands. In the process of restructuring, we may lose some excellent teachers whose experience and skills we need. Research also is changing. It is becoming more interdisciplinary on the one hand and more specialized and fragmented on the other. There are researchers studying smaller and smaller areas while others are branching to other disciplines and combing those disciplines into new areas. These trends are apparent in all fields.

 urlLink Immersion in Australia: an information literacy health spa for librarians? This is by Irene Doskatsch. It was published in Australian Academic & Research Libraries , Volume 33 Nº 3, September 2002. From the site: Abstract: The establishment of the Association of College and Research Libraries' (ACRL) Institute for Information Literacy Immersion program was partly in response to the laments of influential US university library directors who publicly stated that many new librarianship graduates did not have the skills and knowledge to competently adopt the educative role. The author reports on the results of an informal survey to ascertain the desirability and suitability of an Immersion program for Australian and New Zealand librarians and describes her experience of the ACRL Immersion program. The role of the Australian and New Zealand Institute for Information Literacy (ANZIIL) in facilitating Immersion style programs is also discussed.

 urlLink Teaching Democracy. I just read that Iraq was handed sovereignty back today. I wish the people of Iraq well. What they do with the freedom that has been given to them is in their hands now. This article by John Patrick on teaching democracy seems apt today. Let's hope the Iraqi people learn and live as a free democratic people respectful of their neighbors and members of minority ethnic and religious groups. From the site: During the past 30 years, there has been a global surge of democracy. For most people of the world today democracy is the prevailing source of political legitimacy. This ERIC Digest discusses (1) the status of democracy in the world, (2) a globally applicable conception of democracy, (3) components of education for democracy, and (4) recommendations on how to teach democracy. THE GLOBAL STATUS OF DEMOCRACY There is a broad international agreement today on a minimal or threshold standard by which to judge whether or not a regime is a democracy. This minimal criterion is the regular occurrence of free, open, fair, and contested elections by which an inclusive citizenry selects its representatives in government. Thus, there is government by consent of the governed in which the people's representatives are accountable to the people (Huntington 1991, 7; Karatnycky 2002, 722). In 2002, 121 of the world's 192 sovereign states could be recognized as democracies in terms of the minimal global standard for an electoral democracy. The collective populations of these electoral democracies accounted for 64.6% of the world's population (Karatnycky 2002,7). By contrast, in 1900 there was not even one country in the world that met today's minimal global standard for democracy. In 1950, there were only 22 authentic democracies comprising 14.3% of the world's population. By the end of the twentieth century, however, there was a dramatic global trend toward electoral democracy as communist regimes and other types of autocratic or authoritarian systems withered and died (Karatnycky 2002).

 urlLink Reflections on What Happens When Librarians Become Teachers This is by Kimberley Donnelly. It was published in Computers in Libraries , vol. 20 no. 3, March 2000. From the site: Instruction librarians and teaching libraries are getting a lot of attention these days. Are you thinking you should pursue these activities in your library? Would you like to become a teacher? Do you think you should? Most librarians agree that someone has to teach our library users how to use our resources effectively, and that somebody should be teaching students effective ways to use the Internet for research. However, few agree on who should teach and just how the instruction should be carried out. On some college campuses, the logical solution to teaching research is to create a course. While this may be an objective worthy of librarians’ advocacy and involvement, a delicate balance exists between the rewards and the costs of becoming a teaching library. Here at York College of Pennsylvania (YCP), librarians were thrust into the classroom in 1997 when a two-credit, core-curriculum information literacy course was introduced. Generated by a faculty task force as part of a new core, Information Literacy 101 (IFL) is dramatically changing the jobs and roles of our librarians and focusing attention on the library, since it’s designed and taught by faculty librarians. Schmidt Library, formerly viewed as an academic support service, is now an integral part of the educational mission of the college. Hundreds of students pass through the turnstile every day on their way to the IFL classroom. The changes we’ve seen are both philosophical and practical. For this article I’ve gathered some personal reflections—my own and those of our other faculty librarians. So I am offering some firsthand insight into what happens when a group of librarians becomes teachers. All the changes are connected to the way our relationships are changing, the amount of time and energy that IFL requires, and the kinds of shifts that IFL is causing in our priorities.

 urlLink History of Nations This is a site which has brief histories of every nation in the world. It looks like a nice reference resource. I am sure that school children all over the world will cut-and-paste this resource extensively as they write papers. I fished around and it looks like the information was taken from the US State Department with a lot of new content blended in. Here are a few examples: urlLink History of Egypt urlLink History of Israel urlLink History of Costa Rica urlLink History of Vanuata urlLink History of Brazil

 urlLink Michigan Library Association Annual Conference 2004 If you are in the Midwest of the USA, you may wish to consider attending the MLA Annual Conference in Traverse City, Michigan in October this year. Traverse City is a great conference city! And the preliminary schedule looks pretty good. I am part of a panel giving a pre-conference on publishing for librarians. One neat activity is the Librarian on the Loose. The doll being circulated is of course the famous librarian doll that made all the controversy last year. From the site: The MLA Auction Committee is sending a Librarian Action Figure on a Summer tour of Michigan! She will spend the Summer touring Michigan towns and libraries, having her picture taken at each stop. At the end of her journey she will then be auctioned off, with a photo album of her trip, at the MLA Annual Conference at the Grand Traverse Resort in Traverse City, October 26-29, 2004.

 urlLink University Students' Information Seeking Behaviour in a Changing Learning Environment This is by Eeva-Liisa Eskola of Abo Akademi University. It was published in Information Research , Volume 4 No. 2 October 1998. From the site: The theoretical basis of this study is partly in theories and conceptions of learning and partly in that research in information seeking, needs and uses which emphazies the user and takes the social context into consideration. The need for changes and improvement in the quality of education has become apparent also in Finland in the higher education during this decade. The reasons have been the growth of information, a growing number of students in higher education, demands on output and productivity from the society, and the criticism against existing university policy. University policy has been critizised both in national evaluation reports of Finnish universities and in the OECD-report on evaluation of Finnish universities from 1994. Generally the development in scientific research in learning and knowledge has influenced the need for changes also in the university pedagogy. (Sallinen 1995, 10-12) The old educational system has been critizised for its conception of knowledge. In the education learners have received pieces of information which have no connection with the real life. For that kind of information and knowledge is little use in the modern society. Instead there is a need for knowledge and skills for problem-solving and critical and creative thinking (Voutilainen et al. 1991, 19-21). The old static conception of knowledge has to be replaced with a dynamic conception of knowledge. According to the dynamic view knowledge is something continuously changing and growing when individuals are actively using and producing it (Voutilainen et al. 1991, 9-10). Instruction and study are always based on some conception of learning. Two main traditions in the conceptions of learning are the empirical/behavioural and the constructivist conceptions. The constructivist conception of learning has during the last decades challenged the behavioural one. The constructivist conception has its roots in the rationalistic epistemology and in "image of man" of evolutionary theory. It has been influenced by pragmatics (Peirce), functionalistic psychology (James), progressiv pedagocics (Dewey) and symbolic interactionism (Mead). Representatives of these approaches emphasized the critical role of action in the existence of human beings generally and also in learning. The constructivist conception has also been influenced by the ideas of Gestalt psychology, Bartless' theory of schemes, Piaget, Vygotsky and the cognitive approach (von Wright 1994).

 urlLink Technology Infrastructure and Information Literacy. This is by Eugene A. Engeldinger. It was published in Library Philosophy and Practice Vol. 1, No. 1 (Fall 1998). From the site: The fundamental purpose of higher education is the preparation of students for their futures. If graduates of today and tomorrow are to flourish in the modern, fast-paced, high-tech world, they must have information seeking and technology skills. They must be information and technology literate. The means of acquiring these literacies must be imbedded in student learning and be part and parcel of their educational experience. For this to be so imbedded, it is necessary for the institution to develop and maintain a robust information technology infrastructure. Information Literacy Information literate people have a number of qualities and skills. First of all, they recognize when they have an information need. This, as we all know, is not a quality possessed by everyone. They know the appropriate places to look for information, and they know the appropriate strategies to use for each of them. The information literate person has the ability to recognize the information when it is found, and then to determine if it is the best, most accurate, or most current information available. Information literacy can combine various elements of library literacy, computer literacy, media literacy, network literacy and other literacies, but it should be noted that in the best educational experiences, students become more information literate in the natural course of learning subject content and research methodologies of the various disciplines they study. Whether our institutions of higher learning expressly articulate it or not, they all want their graduates to have developed these competencies and many believe their students have done so. Even though all want their students to be information literate, few have specifically built the means of acquiring those skills into the curriculum. We are all aware that inculcating these competencies should be a curriculum-wide responsibility. But because of the differences in technical expertise among the faculty and the technical resources on our campuses, not all can contribute equally to the effort.

 urlLink Online Encyclopedia - LoveToKnow This is the 1911 Encyclopedia Britannica . It has been put online at this site. As it is pre-1923, it is in the public domain. However, the following note appears on each page: "The Contents (see License Agreement for definitions) of this site are licensed only for the personal, household, educational use by a single individual. Although linking to this site is encouraged, reproducing Contents on another site or redistributing Contents is forbidden. Taking Contents from this site and editing it and posting it on another site is forbidden and will result in swift legal action. You may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Contents of this site in whole or in part." Sorry, but as a librarian I know you can not claim a copyright on this work. Perhaps they can claim a copyright on the page design and layout but the underlying information is public domain. Either the site owner is ignorant of copyright law or (more likely) he/she is just trying to scare away potential competition. It is unlikely that "swift legal action" would ever occur. I just can't see a case. This edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica is in the public domain!

 urlLink The Life Experience Degree Diploma Mill University This is a clever site which parodies all those diploma mills which operate on the Web. In particular, I liked the page which was titled "The University of Bull Shit." I hope this site discourages people from purchasing "easy" degrees. From the site: We are a panel of educators, employers, and administrators who believe that veterans, parents, spouses, those who have conquered addictions, successfully dealt with hardships, or have mastered their trades, should be granted respect, and credit, in the form of a degree from a prestigious University. Actually, we are not such a University, but we'll do our best to play the part! Let's be honest here. We're the only site that will tell you THE TRUTH! Actually, Here Is How It Goes: A webmaster creates the web pages for this site, a graphic artist, a printer, a calligrapher and a shipping service coordinate to issue our "diplomas" to our "alumni". But even though many people are involved with this process, our "tuition" is the most affordable around. Surf the Internet and you'll see we speak the truth about "Life Experience Degrees" . . . They're all "BULLSHIT" . . . and employers know it, too!

 urlLink Redefining roles: librarians as partners in information literacy education This is by Williams, Helene & Zald, Anne. It was published in Information Research , Volume 3 No. 1 July 1997. From the site: As research and teaching increasingly rely on global networks for the creation, storage and dissemination of knowledge, the need to educate information-literate students has become more widely recognized. Students often lack the skills necessary to succeed in this rapidly changing environment, and faculty need training and support to make use of new technologies for effective teaching and learning. The current environment provides an opportunity for librarians to play a key role in the evolution of an integrated information literacy curriculum, in contrast to past efforts which were sporadic and rarely programmatically based. In a 1989 report, the American Library Association states that "Information literacy is a survival skill in the Information Age" (1), and calls for a restructuring of the learning process itself, rather than the curriculum. Revamping the process would ensure that students: - know when they need information - identify what information will address a particular problem - find the needed information - evaluate the information - organize the information - use the information effectively in addressing the problem There are many challenges inherent in changing the learning process, and often the results are mixed. However, since our patrons, collections, and campus connections span all disciplines, librarians are uniquely situated to create and foster new ways of teaching and learning information technology. According to Fowell and Levy, "Information professionals have the opportunity to take a leading role in developing and delivering the learning support strategies which will be appropriate to this new environment, acting as significant culture change agents in their institutions" (2). Perhaps our greatest challenge is to act on this opportunity, and create the necessary changes.

 urlLink Changing Organizational Partnerships to Build an Information Literacy Program in the Extended Campus Environment This was presented by Leslie Wykoff, Director of Vancouver Information Systems, Washington State University Vancouver; and Karen Diller, Assistant Campus Librarian, Washington State University Vancouver at In Living the Future 11: Tucson: University of Arozona, 1998 From the site: At WSU Vancouver, the Library, Computing and Educational Television Departments merged into the cohesive service organization called Vancouver Information Services (VIS), enabling the campus to develop and integrate program in information literacy. This paper will review the trials and triumphs of merging information technology departments and show how VIS is integral to the campus information literacy goals.

 urlLink IASL Newsletter, December 2000: Article: Information Literacy in South Africa This article is by Sandy Zinn. It was published in the International Association of School Librarianship (IASL), IASL Newsletter December 2000. From the site: This article is the result of expressions of interest in the paper I presented at the IASL conference in August 2000 in Sweden. I will elaborate on the Information Literacy/ICT projects mentioned in my conference paper. Firstly, I will briefly describe the current situation of education in South Africa. I will then contextualize the information literacy debate within the framework of educator development and training. A short history of information literacy in South Africa follows with a final wrap-up examining 3 projects which re-inforce information literacy in our education. Understanding Education in South Africa Since 1994 our country as a whole has been undergoing radical social, political, economic and cultural changes. Within education itself systemic change has taken place on the curriculum front, employment front and structural front. An outcomes-based system of education was introduced which is drastically different from education of the Apartheid past. One single Department of National Education replaced the 19 or so different education departments of the Apartheid era. The rationalization of the civil service drained the teaching core of thousands of valuable, experienced teachers (in the Western Cape 8000). Thus, in our attempts to transform the inequities of the past and introduce enriched conceptions of education, instability has unfortunately occurred. Not withstanding all these changes we have now reached the stage where key educational policies are in place and the implementation of these policies is our next step. Improving the Quality of Teacher Training There is a huge drive at the moment to improve the quality of teaching and learning in South Africa. Inservice teacher development and support was identified as a key area which needed improvement by the Curriculum Review Report (May 2000). Both the Norms and Standards for Educators gazetted in February 2000 and the Framework for Educator Development and Support draft document of August 2000 inform the inservice as well as the preservice training of teachers.

 urlLink Librarians in Pornography While I am in the topic of naked librarians (see my last post) I might as well blog this site. It is a site put up to share the results of study done that was presented at the 1990 Conference of the Popular Culture Association / American Culture Association in Toronto. The author (Dan Lester) looked at 49 pornographic paperback novels that dealt with librarians and presented his conclusions. There are also some detailed annotations of some of the novels. From the site: This survey of hard core pornographic paperback novels covers 49 books published between 1978 and 1988. As most have been purchased in the western United States or by mail from western distributors, west coast publishers predominate. There are undoubtedly many other novels of this type that have been distributed in other parts of the country or that have escaped the my notice; for example, other hard core novels may describe libraries but lack titles or covers suggesting that fact. I am interested in purchasing or borrowing any pornographic materials (book, magazine, article, film, video, etc.) from any era that describe libraries or librarians in order to expand this compilation. Sources will be kept confidential if desired. In all of these novels 90 percent or more of the text is explicit description of all types of sexual activities. The remaining passages that describe a setting and characters are the subject of the annotations. Unless otherwise noted, all of the novels contain passages describing vaginal, oral, and anal sex in a multitude of positions, and lesbian sex. The characters, most frequently female, portrayed as librarians are always library employees, but may actually be paraprofessional, clerical, or student assistants. The libraries described include public, academic, high school, and special libraries of a variety of types and sizes. Some library descriptions seem to have been written by librarians or by regular library users, as they're quite realistic; other authors have apparently never even been in a library. The annotations further describe the characters and settings, give a brief plot summary, and provide information about sexual activities other than those mentioned above, such as male homosexual sex, bondage, violence, rape, and animal sex.

 urlLink Naked Librarians . This is a fun site showing women (who may or may not be librarians) in varying states of undress. Some of them are drawings while others are pictures. There is even a reproduction of a Playboy pictorial featuring a real librarian from the 50s or 60s. I think sites like this help to liven up the image of librarians. I like this quote from the site (which is unattributed), ""by the time a man can read a woman like a book, he is too old to collect a library." From the site: okay, it's sort of a cheat. they're not necessarily librarians and some of them aren't even definitely naked. even so, I find the juxtaposition of scant clothing and reading material compelling. hope you do too.

 One Year Anniversary of the Information Literacy Land of Confusion! &nbsp; Yes, it is true.&nbsp; As of today, I have maintained this blog for one year.&nbsp; In that time, I have over 330 posts.&nbsp; Considering that over 90% of blogs die within 3 months, I am proud of this accomplishment.&nbsp; I want to thank all the readers of this blog who have taken the time to e-mail me comments and site suggestions during the last year.&nbsp; I appreciate your feedback.&nbsp; Here is to the next year!

 I have recently&nbsp;compiled several library instruction&nbsp;bibliographies for the urlLink Infography .&nbsp;&nbsp; These are: urlLink The Infography about Library Instruction urlLink The Infography about the History of Library Instruction From the Infography: This reference tool enables a student, librarian, or teacher to identify superlative sources of information about a subject of inquiry, viewed through the lens of expert opinion. The subject specialists who select the citations published in The Infography are urlLink professors, librarians, and other scholars who know the literature about their subjects of expertise, who know which information sources are seminal for research. The Infography (in-fóg-ra-phy) serves as the antidote to information overload and qualitatively suspect sources. It integrates citations to books, Internet sites, journal articles, and other sources that provide excellent information. Each subject entry in The Infography refers the learner to six highly recommended sources of information, and most subject specialists also include a longer list of other worthwhile sources for further research. Librarians depend upon citations to good information in order to serve their patrons and institutions, and The Infography brings quality, efficiency, comprehensive scope, and precise focus to their reference readiness. It invigorates their response to the most common question in libraries, "Can you help me find good information about this topic?" Students can best engage the process of learning if they first read the finest sources of information before deepening their survey of the literature. Such "top-down research" begins with the reading recommendations of the professors and other subject specialists who share their wisdom through The Infography.

 urlLink World History Web Resources: An Annotated Guide I created a new web guide for history resources on the Web. I am really sick and tired of a lot of the Web sites out there that are low quality that students are using as "scholarly" resources for history papers. This page might not help much but it makes me feel better. From the site: I have prepared this guide to help students find the best history resources on the Web. Unfortunately, there is a lot of garbage on the Web. Some of it is from people who have real biases on issues and they are trying to portray historical events in a skewed manner. Others simply write and post material which they sincerely believe to good history. The reality is that many of these people have no training in history and the end results of their efforts is misleading, wrong, or strange. I hope this guide simplifies the search process for history on the Web. Don't just type a search phrase into Yahoo! or Google and use what you find. Some of the worst sites do well in search engines and relying on them could seriously harm your grades!

 urlLink Designing Internet research assignments: building a framework for instructor collaboration This is by David Ward and Sarah Reisinger. It was published in Information Research , Vol. 6 No. 1, October 2000. From the site: Internet knowledge is increasing steadily among instructors in the academic world. As courses incorporate more instructional technology, traditional undergraduate research assignments are adapting to reflect the changing world of information and information access. New library assignments reflect this shift as well, with term papers and research projects asking students to use Web sites as an information resource, in addition to the standard literature of periodicals and monographs. But the many pitfalls the library profession has learned in its own metamorphosis during the past decade are often repeated in these newer course assignments. The authors in this paper present a framework for librarians to interact with instructors to incorporate Internet resources into traditional term paper and research assignments. They suggest a framework for creating sample assignments librarians can take to campus instructional units, to show the teaching community at large what the library profession has learned from first-hand experience.

 urlLink INFORMATION SKILLS VIA THE WEB: REPORT OF A PROJECT IN PROGRESS A This paper is by Barbara White and Ruth Quinn of Northern Territory University. It was presented at the Lifelong learning conference, Central Queensland University, 2000. Abstract: This paper will discuss the Information Skills program at the Northern Territory University Library, which has developed from limited, voluntary face-to-face sessions, to the inclusion of information skills into the curriculum for the Common Units, and the development of web-based modules. Challenges experienced along the way will be discussed.

 urlLink Disinfopedia This is a nice Wiki that allows users to collaborate on a directory of those who try to influence public opinion. It has a definite leftist bent (it is ran by the Center for Media & Democracy) but left wing organizations attempting to manipulate public opinion are also covered. The powers that be are also quick to kill spam and vandal edits. From the site: Welcome to Disinfopedia, a collaborative project to produce a directory of public relations firms, think tanks, industry-funded organizations and industry-friendly experts that work to influence public opinion and public policy on behalf of corporations, governments and special interests. Sponsored by the Center for Media and Democracy, the Disinfopedia was started in February 2003 and contributors are now working on 5075 articles.

 urlLink Cunnan This is a wiki dedicated to the middle ages. It does not appear to have a lot of active editors but some of the articles are nice. As with all wikis, you can add and edit articles. The country articles are weak with very little history. I added a few links to try and improve them. Unfortunately, I got accused of spamming (damn link paranoia! The link was to history stuff not viagra or gambling). I think I have smoothed it over and will try again. This could turn into a nice site and I hope some librarians go over and help them out. From the site: "Welcome to Cunnan, a Wiki collecting information for re-enactors of the Middle Ages and Renaissance with a heavy slant towards members of the SCA. Cunnan is the largest SCA wiki in the world - anyone can edit our articles. You should be bold in updating pages! Articles can only be improved if people are contributing new information and improving old information. So add research information, how-to pages, event information and anything else you can think of. Cunnan should be applicable worldwide, so be mindful of regional differences - use comments such as "In Lochac...". If you see anything that is different in your area, add a note on your local variation." Here are a few articles: urlLink Middle Ages urlLink Feast urlLink Alchemy urlLink Germany urlLink France

 urlLink History of Israel I blogged this site because I think it might make a good information literacy assignment. See the following: "Israel has endured constant hostility from it's Arab neighbors who hate Jews. It is probable that peace will not come to the Middle East until Arab states cease their anti-semitism, demand Palestian's to end their terrorist acts, and accept Israel as a sovereign nation with the right to exist peacefully." This ends what was until then a rather balanced essay. Clearly, this site has some bias which is not readily evident until the reader has invested some time into reading the essay. I think an assignment could be created that used this site, a pro-Palestinian site, and an unbiased site for the students to compare. I think small groups followed up by a group reports on what everyone discovered could really benefit students and help them to detect bias in history pieces on the Web.

 urlLink Modeling Information Seeking and Using Process in the Workplace This article is by Bonnie Wai-yi Cheuk of Nanyang Technological University (Singapore). It was published in Information Research , Volume 4 No. 2 October 1998. From the site: This paper reported a qualitative study into the information seeking and use process of eight auditors and eight engineers in their workplace contexts. (This doctorate research project has also studied eight architects, however, the analysis and findings have not been completed and are not reported here). The aim of this research project is to empirically develop a model, referred to as information seeking and use process model (or ISU process model), that can meaningfully reflect real-life practice. This model would have implications for information professionals involved in the management of information services, systems design and information literacy education.

 urlLink INFORMATION SKILLS FOR DEMOCRACY: AN EMPIRICAL ACCOUNT This paper is by Clare M. Walker and it was presented at the Library and Information Association of South Africa annual conference, 1999. From the site: In the beginning was: the library talk and tour;. the a-v programme with exciting music; the computer demo of the OPAC; the library instructional leaflet; the colour-coded DIY leaflet tour of the library; the tape-guided DIY tour. We have had Readers Advisers, BI (bibliographic instruction), User Education, Reference or Information Skills, Information Literacy. Underpinning all of these activities and programmes has been implicit the bottom line of understanding the structure and operation of libraries – all libraries. The catalogue, the call or shelf number, the subject index, the differentiated and specialised material formats and locations and services, we assumed were almost self evident, certainly in the broad perspective. What we were really saying was that we took for granted that our users expectations and experience more or less matched the structures we have been building and elaborating for decades. With few exceptions, students entering university have never confronted such complex information resources, in print, audio-visual and electronic formats. They may be basically computer literate but are unlikely to have an extensive understanding of the purpose and possibilities of a computerised library system of catalogues, call numbers, databases and the Internet. Being able to use an ATM is not, as suggested from time to time, an adequate preparation for using electronic resources, not even in the "one stop shop" approach. The extremely basic level at which students are introduced to the library’s facilities comes as a shock to many professional librarians and academics, and it has even been suggested that this may be insulting. But our users, or would-be users, do not very often have the knowledge, experience or expectations we think they do and what we see in SA, though an acute case, is common to much of the rest of the library providing world. As organised religion has done to retain dwindling congregations, so we have gone through many exercises to increase "user friendliness" and perhaps it is true to suggest that user friendliness has become subconsciously synonymous with democratic access, the antithesis of the "elitist" LIS systems of the old regime. Perhaps the greatest challenge to us in opening the world of information access to those previously excluded, is to steer this narrow course between the Scylla of assuming very little understanding and the Charybdis of information overkill. This paper describes and questions the starting point of some of our practical attempts to enable the student to launch himself into the exploration of the information universe he may scarcely know exists. Since preparing the abstract on which this paper was to be presented, I have encountered in a small academic discussion group some further questioning of a seemingly "directionist" and "mechanistic" approach – one might call it utilitarian - that epitomises most user education in higher education libraries.

 urlLink Memory Alpha This is an encyclopedia of the Star Trek universe. It is based on the same software and model as urlLink Wikipedia . That means that anyone at any time can come along and add new articles and revise current ones. This project is nicely done and I am sure it is one of the best Trek reference sources out there. (I looked at some of the talk pages and noted heated discussions of what is and is not "official" canon. It is all fiction but what fiction is gospel and makes the encyclopedia!) A couple of articles I looked at: urlLink Klingon urlLink James T. Kirk urlLink USS Voyager urlLink Earth urlLink New Zealand

 I am on vacation this week. I should be back to posting next Monday! Best wishes, Michael Lorenzen

 urlLink Information literacy in Europe: a literature review This article is by Sirje Virkus of Manchester Metropolitan University. It appeared in Information Research , Vol. 8 No. 4, July 2003. From the abstract: Examines the developments in information literacy in Europe and provides an overview of the concepts used and discussed by European authors. Some examples of information literacy initiatives in schools and the higher education sector, as well as of institutions and organizations, projects and conferences concerned with information literacy, are given. Some research initiatives are also introduced. The overview is based on literature reviews and personal observations and involvement and presents a selective review.

 urlLink Knowledge Management in Instructional Design. This is an interesting essay on how knowledge management can be used in instructional design. Both knowledge management and (obviously) instructional design have implications for information literacy and library instruction. From the site: Instructional designers engage in activities related to the planning and implementation of instructional and performance support solutions. Available tools and technologies influence the way in which instructional designers accomplish their tasks. Knowledge management represents a technology that is changing how instructional design professionals work. This article will review what instructional designers do, describe knowledge management, and indicate how knowledge management is influencing instructional design. INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGN Instructional design (ID) professionals aim to improve individual and organizational performance. ID may be defined as a systematic approach to instructional planning that typically involves a project team analyzing a problem situation, exploring alternative performance support or instructional solutions, and then planning, implementing, evaluating, and managing solutions (Richey, Fields, & Foxon, 2000). This process is often poorly-structured and iterative, involving people from different backgrounds and areas of expertise. In an instructional design project, different kinds of resources and artifacts are created: proposals, memos, analyses, solution strategies, lesson plans, evaluation plans, media support for lessons, performance data, and so on. According to the International Board of Standards for Training, Performance and Instruction (Richey et al., 2000), ID is an engineering discipline with principles, rules, and heuristics, many of which are sensitive to local conditions (individual learners, specific settings and resources, learning cultures, and so on). ID professionals are required to resolve complex issues, such as connecting learning and performance objectives with assessable outcomes. Several people are often involved in these problem-solving processes. Some team members may work on one task/aspect of an instructional or performance solution (developing assessment measures, for example) while other team members may work on a different ID problem (for example, storyboarding specific lessons). ID activities may be accomplished at different times as well as at different locations. In short, ID is a complex, collaborative enterprise, requiring careful planning and management in order for goals to be achieved.

 urlLink Job Predictor I am back from a week of vacation and I am feeling pretty good. I found a fun (and mindless) site while I was away which predicts your ideal job based on your name. I question the validity of the results but it is fun. The results vary based on name so try your first name, your first and last name, your full name including middle name, etc. Results for me: Michael - Evil Boss (That is dead on!) Michael Lorenzen - Paleantologist Michael Gary Lorenzen - Reality TV Show star (I do want to get on Survivor...)

 urlLink Los estudiantes que se mudan de escuela y el logro academico. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Student Mobility and Academic Achievement. From the ERIC Digest: La movilidad estudiantil--las mudanzas de estudiantes de una escuela a otra por motivos que no incluyen la promocion al siguiente grado escolar--es muy comun en los Estados Unidos. Durante todos los anos de la escuela primaria y secundaria, la mayoria de los estudiantes hace por lo menos un cambio de escuela no motivado por la promocion a otro grado (Rumberger et al., 1999). Muchos educadores creen que la movilidad estudiantil es un resultado inevitable de los cambios de residencia de los alumnos. Verdaderamente, los datos del Censo Estadounidense del ano 2000 revelan que del 15% al 18% de ninos de edad escolar se mudo el ano anterior (vease http://www.census.gov/prod/2001pubs/p20-538.pdf). Tambien hay evidencia que la reforma de los programas de asistencia social influye en los cambios de escuela, ya que los padres se mudan para aceptar nuevos empleos. Sin embargo, la investigacion tambien ha hallado que entre el 30% y el 40% de los cambios de escuela no se asocian con ningun cambio de residencia (Kerbow, 1996; Rumberger et al., 1999). Los factores escolares como la sobrepoblacion, la reduccion del numero de estudiantes en cada clase, las reglas disciplinarias de suspension y expulsion y el clima social y academico general tambien contribuyen a aumentar la movilidad estudiantil. El aumento de opciones paternas aportadas por la ley No Child Left Behind (Ningun Nino Se Queda Atras) tambien podria contribuir con el tiempo a aumentar la movilidad. Este Digest examina la investigacion sobre las consecuencias academicas de la movilidad de estudiantes de primaria y discute lo que las escuelas y los padres pueden hacer para aliviar los efectos negativos de mudarse de escuela.

 urlLink Como ayudar a los padres a prevenir el envenenamiento por plomo. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Helping Parents Prevent Lead Poisoning. From the ERIC Digest: El envenenamiento por plomo ocurre cuando demasiado plomo entra en el cuerpo. Los ninos corren mayores riesgos que los adultos, ya que aquellos absorben el plomo mas rapido que los adultos y una pequena cantidad de plomo en el cuerpo infantil puede hacer mucho dano. El plomo puede ocasionar danos irreversibles al cerebro infantil que esta desarrollandose (Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry [Agencia de Sustancias Toxicas y Registro de Enfermedades-ATSDR], 1995; Bellinger et al., 1992; Dietrich et al., 2001). Los efectos del envenenamiento por plomo en los ninos, por lo tanto, pueden tener un impacto significativo y de largo plazo en el aprendizaje y el comportamiento (Banks et al., 1997; Environmental Protection Agency [Agencia para la Proteccion del Medio Ambiente-EPA], 1999; Satcher, 2000; Schwartz, 1994). Una medida del plomo corporal es el blood lead level (nivel de plomo en la sangre-BLL), que se mide en microgramos de plomo por decilitro de sangre ('g/dL). Casi toda persona tiene un BLL que puede medirse. Los Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (Centros para el Control y la Prevencion de Enfermedades-CDC) senalan que un BLL de 10 o mas 'g/dL seria motivo para preocupacion (CDC, 2000a). Sin embargo, aun con BLLs menores de 10 'g/dL, el plomo puede danar el desarrollo (American Academy of Pediatrics [Academia Pediatrica Estadounidense-AAP], 1998; Banks et al., 1997; Bellinger et al., 1992; Landrigan, 2000; Lanphear et al., 2000; Schwartz, 1994). Este Digest resume algunas causas y efectos del envenenamiento infantil por plomo y sugiere estrategias para prevenirlo que los educadores de padres pueden compartir con estos.

 urlLink El recreo en la escuela primaria: Que indica la investigacion? This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Recess in Elementary School: What Does the Research Say? From the ERIC Digest: Pellegrini y Smith (1993) definen el recreo como "un rato de descanso para los ninos, tipicamente fuera del edificio" (p. 51). En comparacion con el resto del dia escolar, el recreo es un tiempo en que los ninos gozan de mas libertad para escoger que hacer y con quien. Una encuesta de 1989 de superintendentes de educacion estatal hecha por la National Association of Elementary School Principals (Asociacion Nacional de Directores de Escuelas Primarias-NAESP) hallo que en el 90% de los distritos habia escuelas que tenian por lo menos un periodo de recreo durante el dia (Pellegrini, 1995). No obstante, segun indica la American Association for the Child's Right to Play (Asociacion Estadounidense para el Derecho de los Ninos de Jugar-IPA/USA), muchos distritos escolares han abolido el recreo desde 1989. Podrian subyacer la decision de eliminar el recreo las preocupaciones de seguridad y responsabilidad legal y el temor de que el recreo interrumpa las rutinas de trabajo (Pellegrini, 1995). Otro motivo citado para eliminar el recreo incluye la necesidad de pasar mas tiempo en la instruccion. Conversaciones personales con directores y maestros sugieren que se sienten bajo presion para llenar de instruccion el dia escolar debido a las nuevas demandas de responsabilidad. En vista del enfasis nacional actual puesto en las decisiones educativas basadas en la investigacion, es importante saber que indica--e implica--la investigacion sobre el recreo (Jarrett y Maxwell, 2000). Este Digest discute la investigacion sobre el recreo y su relacion con el aprendizaje, el desarrollo social y la salud infantil, ademas de la investigacion sobre temas relacionados con implicaciones en las politicas de recreo, tales como la necesidad de descansos y la actividad fisica.

 Here is a list of pre-1992 ERIC Digests. This list is only a small fraction of the pre-92 list. ed259450&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Extending the School Year and Day. ed259451&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Microcomputers in the School Office. ed259452&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teacher Competency: What Administrators Can Do. ed259453&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Merit Pay for Teachers. ed259454&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Class Size. ed259455&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Student Discipline Policies. ed259873&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Out of the Fields and Into Computers. ed259874&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Shared Services for Rural and Small Schools. ed259875&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Finding and Keeping Teachers: Strategies for Small Schools. ed259935&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Field Instruction in School Settings. ed259936&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Studying the Future Through Environmental Education. ed259937&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Some Implications for Science Education from National Reports. ed259938&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink A Review of "Research Within Reach: Science Education." ed259939&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Meta-Analysis Research on Science Instruction. ed259940&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Instruction in Awareness of Environmental Issues. ed260362&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Unemployed Youth: Counseling Issues. ed260363&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Older Adults: Counseling Issues. ed260364&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Adolescent Substance Abuse: Counseling Issues. ed260365&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Assessing School Counselor Performance. ed260366&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Counseling and Educational Excellence: A Response to "A Nation at Risk". ed260367&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Eating Disorders: Counseling Issues. ed260368&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Selected Issues in Elementary Guidance. ed260369&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Creativity and Counseling. ed260370&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Adult Career Development: An Overview. ed260869&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Public School Administration on Indian Reservations. ed260870&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Hispanics in Math and Science: Attracting Student Teachers and Retraining Experienced Teachers. ed260872&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Alternative Funding Sources for Migrant Education. ed260874&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Planning Staff Development Programs for Rural Teachers. ed260883&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Planning a Class Camping Trip. ERIC Digest: Outdoor Education. ed260884&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Facilitating Certification and Professional Development for Small&nbsp; Schools. ed260890&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Achievement in Mathematics Education. ed260891&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Role of Review in Mathematics Instruction. ed261754&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Assessing Student Degree Aspirations. ed261757&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Counting the Reverse Transfer Students. ed261758&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Current Status of the Associate Degree. ed261759&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink What Statistical Information Is Available on Two Year Colleges: A Summary of Research Findings. ed261811&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Outdoor Education for Behavior Disordered Students. ed261818&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Energy Conservation in Small Schools. ed262498&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Fostering Peer Acceptance of Handicapped Students and A Minibibliography on Promoting Positive Attitudes toward the Disabled. ed262499&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Parents' Rights and Responsibilities. ed262500&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink What Is Dyslexia? ed262501&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Serving the LD Student in a Vocational Education Classroom.

 urlLink Gold-Collar Workers. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Wonacott. It looks at the class of workers known as gold collar. From the ERIC Digest: What do these workers have in common: aircraft systems maintenance technicians, computer engineers, holders of a master of science in physics-entrepreneurship track, customer service representatives engaged in electronic customer relationship management, and older workers. They are all considered gold-collar workers, by one commentator or another. This Digest reviews the characteristics of gold-collar workers and identifies implications of those characteristics for employers and educators.

 urlLink CTE Student Organizations. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bettina Lankard Brown. It takes a look at CTE student organizations. From the ERIC Digest: Student organizations have been established to support and enhance learning in many career-technical fields: Future Farmers of America (FFA), agriculture; Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA), business; Distributive Education Clubs of America (DECA), marketing; Technology Student Association (TSA), technology; and Health Occupations Students of America (HOSA), allied health. These organizations provide opportunities for leadership development, service learning, and career exploration. Students, teachers, and parents expect that membership in these organizations will result in learning and enhanced skills as well as the development of positive values, social skills, and an ability to work independently and collaboratively (Vaughn, Kieth, and Lockaby 1999; Williams 2001). It is the anticipation of these academic, professional, and career-related benefits, as well as opportunities for friendship and belonging, that lead many young people to become members of career and technical education (CTE) student organizations. Intended for CTE educators, this Digest reviews research on outcomes students have realized from membership in these organizations and describes how the organizations are changing as CTE evolves.

 urlLink Adult Learning in and through the Arts. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Sandra Kerka. It shows how the arts can aid adults in learning. From the ERIC Digest: It has become increasingly clear that millions of contemporary adults...have grown up with little or no grounding in the arts, and do not even consider participating in an artistic discipline or attending an arts event when choosing among their leisure and entertainment options (McDaniel and Thorn 1997, p. 6). The focus of much contemporary research and policy in arts education is on the K-12 level. However, arts learning experiences also benefit adults. Lifelong learning in the arts is a broad subject that may be viewed from many perspectives. This Digest discusses adult learning in the arts and addresses current issues in adult arts education.

 urlLink Career Development for Meaningful Life Work. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Susan Imel. It relates how students can use career development to find meaningful work. From the ERIC Digest: This above all, to thine own self be true. (Shakespeare) I think there is a "sweet spot" that each of us has...It's the kind of work we want to perform, the kind of work that makes us proud. But finding that sweet spot requires deep self-knowledge. You start by looking at the work you are drawn to. You try it, you evaluate the experience, and you evolve as you discover more about it. I think of this process as developmental self-interrogation. You're working on a mental model of yourself--always. (Larry Smith, quoted in Warshaw 1998) The attacks of September 11, 2001 prompted many people to ask "What am I doing with my life?" (Cannon 2002, p. 44) and "Am I really living the way that I want to live?" (Boyatzis, McKee, and Goleman 2002, p. 87). Some individuals have responded by changing to careers that have more meaning for them; for example, one woman left a secure job in manufacturing to help homeless women in the Chicago area (Cannon 2002). Although the traumatic and shocking events of that day caused many individuals to stop and take stock of their careers, others have been quietly seeking more satisfying and meaningful work lives for a number of years. An article titled, "Boomers Trade Security for Freedom," published in the ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH on March 19, 2001, for example, began with the statement "many baby boomers, unfulfilled by corporate jobs at which they've worked for years, are deciding to give up the great pay and benefits to do what they want to do" (Hudson 2001, p. 8). These examples support emerging perspectives that view work as an expression of meaning. Many individuals are no longer satisfied with working for a living but instead want to work at living (Boyatzis, McKee, and Goleman 2002). Career development theory and practices that foster the development of meaning in work are reviewed in this Digest.

 urlLink Career Passports, Portfolios, and Certificates. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Wonacott. It looks at several career education concepts for teaching. From the ERIC Digest: One of the pressing needs of employers today is for workers with new and different sets of knowledge and skills, including positive attitudes, good work habits, the ability to learn a diverse set of tasks, and problem-solving, communication, scientific, and interpersonal skills (Connecticut Department of Labor 2001). Educators, especially those in career and technical education (CTE), are addressing those new and different sets of knowledge and skills alongside other, more traditional knowledge and skills. In addition, however, educators must communicate those new and different sets of knowledge and skills to employers. Unfortunately, the traditional high school diploma and transcript do not communicate that information well to employers (BRIDGING THE GAP 1993). Neither provides the information employers want on thinking, problem solving, teamwork, and group skills; transcript information may be inconsistent or difficult to interpret; a diploma often reflects minimum standards; and schools sometimes do not respond to requests for transcripts in a timely manner. This Digest reviews other ways secondary educators are using to communicate students' new and different sets of knowledge and skills to employers--passports, portfolios, and certificates. A career passport may be characterized as "a formal product or document in which students present the many marketable skills they have developed through their life experiences (Charner and Bhaerman 1986, p. 1). A career portfolio is a similar product with a different focus; it is a working tool that organizes information and documents for career planning and self-assessment (Pond et al. 1998). A career certificate is a document issued by an educational agency formally attesting that a student possesses specific skills.

 urlLink Teaching Historical Thinking. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Fredrick Drake. It reviews research on how students think about history. From the ERIC Digest: Over the past decade, cognitive studies researcher Samuel Wineburg has conducted empirical studies to compare the way historians think about primary and secondary sources with the thinking processes of high school students and teachers. Wineburg discusses his research in a recently published (2001) book about historical thinking, which is the main source for this Digest. Wineburg's research demonstrates the importance of domain-based or subject-specific thinking in the teaching and learning of history. This Digest addresses Wineburg's conception of historical thinking and its application to the teaching and learning of history in schools. The Digest discusses (1) Wineburg's "sourcing heuristic" and "corroboration heuristic" in historical thinking, (2) Wineburg's findings on historical thinking and domain-specific knowledge, (3) applications of historical thinking to reading and interpreting documents, and (4) Internet-resources for teachers of historical thinking.

 urlLink El juego de aparentar y el desarrollo de los ninos pequenos. This ERIC Digest is in Spansih. It is a translation of Pretend Play and Young Children's Development. From the ERIC Digest: Aunque los juegos de aparentar por mucho tiempo han formado parte de los planes de estudio para la infancia temprana, se ha disminuido el entendimiento general sobre la contribucion del juego de alta calidad al desarrollo cognoscitivo de los ninos pequenos. Esto parece haber resultado del enfasis reciente en las pautas de rendimiento. Este Digest define el conjunto de conceptos relacionados con el juego de aparentar y los procesos cognoscitivos, sintetiza brevemente la investigacion mas reciente sobre el papel del juego de aparentar en la competencia social y lingUistica de los ninos y discute los retos y posibles cambios de politicas sugeridos por los hallazgos de estas investigaciones.

 urlLink Recess in Elementary School: What Does the Research Say? ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Olga Jarrett. It reviews the research on the academic merits of recess. From the ERIC Digest: Pellegrini and Smith (1993) define recess as "a break period, typically outdoors, for children" (p. 51). Compared to the rest of the school day, recess is a time when children have more freedom to choose what they want to do and with whom. A 1989 survey of state superintendents conducted by the National Association of Elementary School Principals (NAESP) found that schools in 90% of school districts had at least one recess period during the day (Pellegrini, 1995). However, according to the American Association for the Child's Right to Play (IPA/USA), many school systems have abolished recess since 1989. Safety and liability concerns and fears that recess will disrupt work patterns may underlie the decision to do away with recess (Pellegrini, 1995). Other reasons cited for abolishing recess include the need for more instructional time. Personal conversations with principals and teachers suggest that they feel pressured to pack more instruction into the school day because of new calls for accountability. Given the current national emphasis on research-based decisions in education, the question of what the research says--and infers--about recess is important (Jarrett & Maxwell, 2000). This Digest discusses research on recess and its relationship to learning, social development, and child health, as well as research on related topics that have implications for recess policy such as the need for breaks and physical activity.

 urlLink Learning about the Human Genome. Part 1: Challenge to Science Educators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by David Haury. It looks at ways to teach the human genome in science education. From the ERIC Digest: We have reached a new milestone in our quest to understand ourselves. On February 15, 2001, the International Human Genome Sequencing Consortium published a landmark report: "Initial sequencing and analysis of the human genome" ("Nature," Vol. 409). As I thumb through the maps of human chromosomes presented in the report, I am both amazed and humbled by the accomplishment. The international collaboration of specialists in computing, mathematics, molecular genetics, technology, and other sciences to accomplish this task and usher us into the modern era of biotechnology has been extraordinary. At the same time, the potential consequences of using the resulting information and skills are humbling. "We've now got to the point in human history where for the first time we are going to hold in our hands the set of instructions to make a human being." John Sulston, UK Sanger Centre (For more reactions, see: http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/sci/tech/newsid_807000/807126.stm). Decoding the human genome brings new meaning to "the information age." In a few short years we have progressed beyond creating digital books and encircling the globe with the World Wide Web to documenting the full text of the genetic code that describes how to assemble and operate a human being. We may not yet know how to interpret all the text, let alone follow the recipe, but it is being recorded in full detail on the Web for anyone in the world to see. From the perspective of digital information, this is the book of human life, and decoding it is a phenomenal accomplishment of scientific thinking and our creative use of technology. The only thing more astounding is that this genetic recipe has been stored, read, and translated by every nucleated cell in every human that has ever lived. But what are we to make of it? Presented here are some initial ideas about what high school students and informed parents can learn about the human genome. First, a few words about the source of recent findings. On October 1, 1990, a project-the Human Genome Project (HGP)-aimed at mapping and sequencing the entire genetic code of humans began. Funding of the project in the United States has been provided by the National Institutes of Health and the U.S. Department of Energy, with the goal of sequencing the entire human genome within 15 years. Due to advances in technology and vigorous competition, the project is currently well ahead of schedule and costing less than anticipated. A guide to the project and its accomplishments to date has been edited by Dennis and Gallagher (2001), and the rich context of events and issues leading up the project have been provided by Bishop and Waldholz (1999). A response to the ramifications-from interpreting the past to considering the future-of the HGP has been contributed by Ridley (1999). These and other authors characterize the accomplishments of the HGP as more than a momentous achievement; rather, the sequencing of the human genome is viewed as the beginning of a revolution in knowledge.

 urlLink Learning about the Human Genome. Part 2: Resources for Science Educators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by David Haury. It presents resources that can help educators teach about the human genome. From the ERIC Digest: This is a resource companion to "Learning About the Human Genome, Part 1: Challenge to Science Educators" (Haury, 2001). The resources identified below are provided to assist educators in meeting the challenges discussed in Part 1. An indication of the potential linkages between the HGP and the National Science Education Standards is included, along with Web resources and instructional materials that can serve as starting places in developing school instruction and public outreach programs

 urlLink State Proficiency Testing in Mathematics. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jeremy Kilpatrick. It looks at the issue of state testing of math proficiency. From the ERIC Digest: In recent years many states have developed their own assessments of student learning in mathematics, usually aligned with state standards or curriculum frameworks. Many of these assessments are intended to have high stakes: financial or other consequences for districts, schools, teachers, or individual students. In some cases, teacher promotions or high school diplomas may depend on students achieving passing scores. As of 1998, 48 states and the District of Columbia had instituted testing programs, typically at grades 4, 8, and 11 (Council of Chief State School Officers, 1998). Many states report the results of high-stakes assessments by school or by district to identify places most in need of improvement. State responses to assessment results vary. Some states have the authority to close, take over, or "reconstitute" a failing school, but to date only a few states have ever used such sanctions (Jerald, Curran, & Boser, 1999). Florida awards additional funds to schools that perform near the bottom or near the top of the range (Sandham, 1999). When schools or districts with poor results do not show sufficiently rapid improvement, some states revoke accreditations, close the schools, seize control of the schools, or grant vouchers that enable students to enroll elsewhere.

 urlLink Law-Related Education and Delinquency Prevention. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michelle Parrini. It examines ways that students can be educated about delinquency. From the ERIC Digest: Evidence from research/evaluation studies indicates that the principles underlying law-related education (LRE) programs address the factors that put youth at risk for delinquency. Although rigorous evaluations of LRE are limited, what evidence exists suggests that LRE has potential to prevent delinquency and problem behavior (Caliber 2002). This Digest discusses (1) the connection between LRE and delinquency prevention, (2) the impact of successful LRE on delinquency prevention, and (3) future directions of LRE programs that address delinquency.

 urlLink City and State Takeover as a School Reform Strategy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Wong, Kenneth K. and Shen, Francis X. It looks at the issues around the government takeovers of failing schools. From the ERIC Digest: City and state takeover of public school systems has gained prominence as a school reform strategy. Twenty-four states allow takeovers of local school districts, permitting state officials or city hall to exert authority over a district in the case of "academic bankruptcy" or woefully low-performing schools. To date, school district takeovers have occurred in 18 states and the District of Columbia (Wong & Shen, 2001). The Federal No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 also identifies takeover as a strategy to turn around schools with years of low performance. In light of the growing interest in takeover reform, it is important to know whether school district takeover can work. This digest therefore addresses this reform strategy by outlining the emergence of takeover over the past decade, discussing the promises and limitations that takeover offers, and synthesizing the research to date on takeover's effectiveness.

 urlLink Constitutional Law and Race-Conscious Policies in K-12 Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Angelo Ancheta. It reviews law and how it should impact racial policies in schools. From the ERIC Digest: Nearly 50 years after the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Brown v. Board of Education, the racial integration of our nation's public schools remains elusive. With the growth of immigrant populations and the movement of families from cities to suburbs, race relations have become very complex; the minority student population of many school districts is now the majority, and it is composed of three or more racial and ethnic groups. Despite the mandates of Brown to desegregate schools with "all deliberate speed," many school districts that were once under court order to desegregate have been released from their obligations and are experiencing problems of resegregation (Orfield & Yun, 1999). Voluntary efforts to address racial isolation--efforts that are not required by a court or a settlement agreement--have been challenged as unconstitutional. Policymakers must grapple with the growing complexities of race and an uncertain legal landscape that may, ultimately, preclude the use of race-conscious measures in K-12 education. This digest examines the constitutional framework that guides the use of race-conscious policymaking in K-12 education. Despite the requirements of Brown, recent court decisions suggest that desegregation remedies are becoming more limited and that voluntary policies will be subject to greater scrutiny by the courts.

 urlLink Developing Instructional Leaders. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Larry Lashway. It reviews ways that instructional leaders can be developed. From the ERIC Digest: Significant educational ideas endure, but they also evolve over time. In the 1980s, "instructional leadership" became the dominant paradigm for school leaders after researchers noticed that effective schools usually had principals who kept a high focus on curriculum and instruction. In the first half of the 1990s, attention to instructional leadership seemed to waver, displaced by discussions of school-based management and facilitative leadership. But recently instruction has surged back to the top of the leadership agenda, driven by the relentless growth of standards-based accountability systems. Explicit standards of learning, coupled with heavy pressure to provide tangible evidence of success, have reaffirmed the importance of instructional leadership. Nevertheless, despite general agreement that instructional leadership is a critical skill, few principals and superintendents have had in-depth training for that role, especially in a standards-based environment. This Digest reviews the demands of today's instructional leadership and discusses steps that universities and school districts can take to help leaders develop the necessary skills.

 urlLink Access & Persistence: Findings from 10 Years of Longitudinal Research on Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Susan P. Choy. It looks at how persistent college students are in finishing college degrees. From the ERIC Digest: What do we really know about who's going to college? Who persists on the path toward a college degree or credential? What happens to students after they enroll? To answer these questions, the U.S. Department of Education's National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) launched three national longitudinal studies to track students' movements into and through the postsecondary education system. These three surveys, launched more than a decade ago, include the National Education Longitudinal Study, the Beginning Postsecondary Student Longitudinal Study, and the Baccalaureate and Beyond Study. Detailed descriptions of the surveys can be downloaded from the NCES web site at http://nces.ed.gov. Some of the surveys' key findings about college access, student characteristics, and academic persistence are summarized below.

 urlLink Credit Card Usage and Debt among College and University Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Tamara Holub. It views the issues that around college student credit card debt. From the ERIC Digest: Since the late 1990s, lawmakers, college officials, consumer advocacy groups, and higher education practitioners, have become increasingly concerned about the rising use of credit cards among college students. A recent study has shown that both the number of students owning a credit card as well as the amount of credit card debt held by students has risen in the last couple of years (Nellie Mae, 2000). Since eighteen year-olds in most states are eligible for a card without parental consent or employment, many have been concerned that students will use credit unwisely because of their financial inexperience and suffer the long-term consequences of carrying high debt (U.S. General Accounting Office, 2001, June, p. 1).

 urlLink Student Mobility and Academic Achievement. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Russell Rumberger. It reviews the evidence on how student mobility impacts academics. From the ERIC Digest: Student mobility--students moving from one school to another for reasons other than being promoted to the next school level-is widespread in the United States. Over their entire elementary and secondary careers, most students make at least one non-promotional school change (Rumberger et al., 1999). Many educators believe that student mobility is an inevitable result of students changing residences. Indeed, 2000 U.S. census data show that 15% to 18% of school-age children moved in the previous year (see http://www.census.gov/prod/2001pubs/p20-538.pdf). There have also been indications that welfare reform may affect moving, with parents moving to accept jobs. However, research has also found that between 30% and 40% of school changes are not associated with residential changes (Kerbow, 1996; Rumberger et al., 1999). School factors such as overcrowding, class size reduction, suspension and expulsion policies, and the general academic and social climate also contribute to student mobility. The increase of parental options included in the No Child Left Behind legislation may also contribute over time to increased mobility. This Digest examines the research on the academic consequences of mobility for elementary school students and discusses what schools and parents can do to mitigate the possible negative effects of changing schools.

 urlLink Helping Parents Prevent Lead Poisoning. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Binns, Helen J. and Ricks, Omar Benton. It gives parents tips on how to prevent their kids from getting poisoned by lead. From the ERIC Digest: Lead poisoning occurs when too much lead gets into the body. Children are at greater risk than adults because children absorb lead more readily than adults, and a small amount of lead in children's bodies can do a great deal of harm. Lead can cause irreversible damage to a child's developing brain (Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry [ATSDR], 1995; Bellinger et al., 1992; Dietrich et al., 2001). The effects of lead poisoning on children can therefore have a significant, long-lasting impact on learning and behavior (Banks et al., 1997; Environmental Protection Agency [EPA], 1999; Satcher, 2000; Schwartz, 1994). One measure of lead in the body is the blood lead level (BLL), measured in micrograms of lead per deciliter of blood (micrograms/dL). Nearly everyone has a measurable BLL. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that BLLs of 10 micrograms/dL or above are cause for concern (CDC, 2000a). However, even at BLLs below 10 micrograms/dL, lead can impair development (American Academy of Pediatrics [AAP], 1998; Banks et al., 1997; Bellinger et al., 1992; Landrigan, 2000; Lanphear et al., 2000; Schwartz, 1994). This Digest summarizes some causes and effects of childhood lead poisoning and suggests some lead poisoning prevention strategies that parenting educators can share with parents.

 urlLink La agrupacion de edades multiples y el logro academico. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Multiage Grouping and Academic Achievement. From the ERIC Digest: Las clases de edades multiples durante los anos de la escuela primaria han sido una opcion de la practica educativa en los Estados Unidos desde el inicio de la educacion graduada en el siglo XIX. Desde 1949, varios estudios han investigado la relacion entre la agrupacion de edades multiples y el logro academico. Unas resenas de la investigacion (Anderson y Pavan, 1993; Pratt, 1986; Gutierrez y Slavin, 1992; Veenman, 1995) revelan resultados inconsistentes. Basados principalmente en los examenes estandarizados de logro, algunos estudios indican notas mas altas entre alumnos en las clases de edades multiples. Otros estudios apoyan el logro academico entre estudiantes en las clases de una sola edad. Mas de la mitad de los estudios no revela ninguna diferencia. Veenman (1995) sugiere que las inconsistencias en los resultados de la investigacion pueden atribuirse a una definicion inconsistente de la educacion para edades multiples. Otros investigadores (Anderson y Pavan, 1993; Nye et al., 1995; Pratt, 1986) atribuyen la confusion en los resultados de la investigacion a controles inadecuados para las diferencias entre las condiciones de los grupos de control y los experimentales, y a la falta de detalle en el analisis de los datos--aunque los estudios experimentales deberian disenarse con controles para estas diferencias. En algunas situaciones, puede haber contribuido a los resultados academicos negativos la asignacion obligatoria de tanto los maestros como los alumnos a las clases de edades multiples (Slaton et al., 1997). Segun indica Lloyd (1999), la variedad de maneras en que se conceptuan e implementan las agrupaciones de edades multiples limita la capacidad de los investigadores de hacer generalizaciones sobre el impacto academico del modelo de edades multiples. A pesar de la inconsistencia de los hallazgos de la investigacion, los estudios que reportan resultados significativos de logro entre estudiantes en clases de edades multiples en comparacion con alumnos en clases de una sola edad registran aumentos en la linguistica (tanto en las normas de vocabulario como de alfabetizacion) y la matematica (Gutierrez y Slavin, 1992; Nye et al., 1995). Se han reportado ventajas tanto para los estudiantes de capacidad superior como para los de capacidad inferior (Lloyd, 1999; Lou et al., 1996). Sin embargo, se notan con mas consistencia los aumentos para "los negros, los varones, los alumnos de logro inferior y los de bajo estatus socio- economico" (Anderson y Pavan, 1993, p. 50). Algunos estudios de los efectos de largo plazo han mostrado que las ventajas para los estudiantes en clases de edades multiples aumentan conforme aumenta el tiempo que quedan en estas clases. Las ventajas en el reino academico son apoyadas por informes consistentes entre estudios de beneficios especificos de la agrupacion de edades multiples en cuanto al desarrollo socio- emocional. Los estudiantes en las clases de edades multiples demuestran tener actitudes mas positivas hacia la escuela, habilidades mayores de liderazgo, una autoestima mayor, y comportamientos tanto mas pro-sociales como menos agresivos, en comparacion con sus companeros en las clases graduadas tradicionales (McClellan y Kinsey, 1999; Veenman, 1995). Se ha demostrado que estas variables tienen un impacto positivo en los resultados de logro en las clases tradicionales (Stipek, 1998) y, recientemente (Kinsey, 2000), en las clases de edades multiples. En vista de la consistencia de los beneficios positivos en el reino socio-emocional de la agrupacion de edades multiples, son sorprendentes los resultados inconsistentes en el reino academico.

 urlLink La inclusion en los grados intermedios (Inclusion in Middle Schools). ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Inclusion in Middle Schools. From the ERIC Digest: La legislacion actual apoya el concepto de incluir a los estudiantes con incapacidades en el salon de clase general, pero deja a muchos preguntandose, "?Tiene exito este metodo?" No se logra facilmente la determinacion de la eficacia de esta practica. El vocablo mismo--inclusion--no se halla en ninguna ley ni se usa con consistencia en la comunidad educativa. Los programas inclusivos difieren mucho de un distrito a otro, tanto en la definicion como en la implementacion. Tales variables como la cantidad y la indole del apoyo que se aporta al maestro del salon general difieren dramaticamente de un distrito a otro, a veces de una escuela a otra y de un alumno a otro, y no se controlan facilmente para el proposito de la investigacion. Este Digest discute las razones fundamentales para la inclusion de alumnos con incapacidades leves a moderadas en los grados intermedios, explora la investigacion reciente sobre la inclusion, y discute las barreras a la implementacion.

 urlLink Capitalizando en los cursos pequenos. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Capitalizing on Small Class Size. From the ERIC Digest: Los esfuerzos para reducir el tamano de las clases, especialmente en los primeros cursos, ha estado en la palestra de la discusion educacional por mas de dos decadas. En los ultimos anos, las palabras se han convertido en acciones cuando al menos 21 Estados y el gobierno federal han comenzado iniciativas de reduccion en el tamano de las clases (RTC). Para el ano escolar 2000-2001, el gobierno federal ha dispuesto mil trecientos millones de dolares para satisfacer las necesidades escolares desde Kindergarten a tercer ano primario; mil doscientos millones mas que en el ano anterior. Los Estados estan contribuyendo incluso con una mayor suma de dinero. El costo anual de las iniciativas de RTC de California por si sola sobrepasa actualmente los mil quinientos millones. Miles de colegios de todo el pais repentinamente tienen cursos mas pequenos, y ahora los consejos de los colegios y los administradores enfrentan un nuevo desafio: asegurarse que la enorme inversion en RTC se compense por medio de un mayor logro de los estudiantes. Debieran los funcionarios escolares confiarse en la esperanza que los beneficios en los logros ocurriran automaticamente, como un producto subsidiario, de la reduccion del numero de estudiantes en los cursos? O debieran iniciar activamente estrategias para capitalizar en RTC? El presente Digest explora varios topicos que son importantes en los esfuerzos de los distritos escolares para conseguir los mejores beneficios de cursos con menor numero de alumnos.

 urlLink Para llegar a ser un administrador tecnologicamente competente. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Becoming a Technologically Savvy Administrator. From the ERIC Digest: Afines de siglo la tecnologia ha alcanzado los colegios publicos como en el resto de la sociedad. Mas del noventa por ciento de los establecimientos tiene acceso a la internet (Market Data Retrieval 1999), y mas de la mitad de los colegios en Estados Unidos, provee por lo menos al noventa por ciento de sus profesores con una direccion de correo electronico. Sin embargo, mientras el asunto central se desplaza desde el mero acceso a los computadores, hacia el hecho mas fundamental de integrar la tecnologia en los programas educacionales ha habido muy poco debate en relacion al papel que deben jugar los administradores en este campo. El presente Digest provee una revision general de algunos temas asociados con la integracion efectiva de la tecnologia en los establecimientos educacionales que competen a sus lideres escolares.

 urlLink Abuso sexual por parte de los empleados del colegio. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Sexual Misconduct by School Employees. From the ERIC Digest: La conducta sexual inmoral en los colegios es un problema que ha cobrado cada vez mayor importancia desde los tabloides hasta la Corte Suprema en la ultima decada. Comunmente definida como un comportamiento no deseado ni bienvenido desde el punto de vista sexual, la conducta inmoral por parte de profesores, administradores y otros empleados es un problema de suficiente magnitud para llamar la atencion a los consejos de los colegios y a los ejecutivos de la educacion. El presente Digest define el abuso sexual y ofrece una guia a los consejos y administradores de los colegios para proteger a los estudiantes de estos abusos. Aunque nos enfocaremos en la conducta sexual inmoral por parte de los empleados del colegio, la mayoria de la informacion tambien es aplicable a las ofensas cometidas por estudiantes hacia otros estudiantes.

 urlLink Buscando un director. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Conducting a Principal Search. From the ERIC Digest: Los educadores saben que un director puede construir o destruir un colegio. Es una tarea dificil, y llenar la vacante puede ser 'tan escurridiza como encontrar el Santo Grial" (Jones 1995). Los distritos escolares estan luchando para alcanzar esa esquiva busqueda a traves de la nacion, a pesar de la falta de candidatos para el cargo de director. En 1998, el cincuenta porciento de 400 superintendentes encuestados informaron que tenian problemas para llenar las vacantes para directores (Educational Research Service y otros 1998). Por que exite esta carencia de candidatos? Una razon es que un numero cada ez mayor de administradores escolares esta jubilandose. La oficina estadounidense de estadisticas para el trabajo (U.S. Bureau of Labor statistics) estima que en la proxima decada, 80.000 directores se jubilaran o dejaran la profesion (Jones). Otros citan bajos salarios, exigentes horas de trabajo y estres como razones que hacen poco atractivo el cargo de director. La creciente demanda por responsabilidad y la creciente influencia de los padres contribuye, ademas a desanimar a algunos lideres escolares. "Parece que hubiera ocupado todo mi tiempo peleando," dice Jim Ford , destacado director que dejo su cargo (Williams 1999). Este Digest senala los pasos que los consejos de los colegios y el personal directivo de los distritos pueden tomar para encontrar postulantes idoneos para llenar vacantes escolares de posiciones directivas.

 urlLink Los fundamentos de la seguridad escolar. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of The Fundamentals of School Security. From the ERIC Digest: La seguridad escolar se ha convertido en un asunto de principal importancia para educadores, estudiantes y ciudadanos; la que se hace necesaria a partir de la chocante serie de atentados con armas de fuego en los colegios. A pesar de estudios recientemente publicados que muestran disminuciones significativas en los tipos claves de violencia escolar. En esta atmosfera emocionalmente cargada, los administradores de los colegios deben luchar para alcanzar sus verdaderas necesidades de seguridad escolar sin desperdiciar sus escasos recursos en medidas que tal vez no tengan ningun resultado positivo.

 urlLink Self-Mutilation. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Chris Simpson. It deals with self-mutilation by students. From the ERIC Digest: Suyemoto and MacDonald (1995) reported that the incidence of self-mutilation occurred in adolescents and young adults between the ages of 15 and 35 at an estimated 1,800 individuals out of 100,000. The incidence among inpatient adolescents was an estimated 40%. Self-mutilation has been most commonly seen as a diagnostic indicator for Borderline Personality Disorder, a characteristic of Stereotypic Movement Disorder (associated with autism and mental retardation) and attributed to Factitious Disorders. However, practitioners have more recently observed self-harming behavior among those individuals diagnosed with bipolar disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, eating disorders, multiple personality disorder, borderline personality disorder, schizophrenia, and most recently, with adolescents and young adults. The increased observance of these behaviors has left many mental health professionals calling for self-mutilation to have its own diagnosis in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Zila & Kiselica, 2001). The phenomenon is often difficult to define and easily misunderstood.

 urlLink School Calendars. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bill Metzker. It looks at different types of school calendars. From the ERIC Digest: Few issues in a community generate the fractiousness that changes in school calendars can, yet many districts nationwide are scheduling earlier start times for school. The traditional September start date may become a mere memory. In 1988, just over half the nation's schools opened before September 1; in 2000, three-quarters did-a 50 percent increase (Market Data Retrieval, 2001). A year ago, Rudolph W. Guiliani, then mayor of New York City, proposed Saturday classes, and New York's governor suggested longer school days. In California, Governor Gray Davis has recommended adding thirty instructional days for middle-school students to address academic deficiencies (Wilgoren, January 10, 2001). A move toward year-round schooling propels some of this change, but socioeconomic conditions and demands for higher school standards play significant roles as well. As of this writing, newly passed federal legislation, the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, calls for more testing and accountability than many states presently require. In this high-stakes environment, addressing time in some form-more of it, rearranging how it's scheduled, or making better use of what's already there-has become part of the school-reform agenda. This Digest discusses the rationale for changing school calendars, describes what some districts are doing, and advises school leaders and board members on the issues that typically arise when a calendar is changed.

 urlLink Colegios mas seguros a traves del diseno del medioambiente. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Safer Schools through Environmental Design. From the ERIC Digest: En anos recientes, la creciente conciencia acerca de la manera como el medioambiente afecta el comportamiento humano ha sido integrada en un cuerpo de conocimientos identificados como Prevencion del Crimen por Medio del Diseno Ambiental (PCMDA)(CrimePreventionThrough Enviromental Design) (CPTED). Aunque los principios de prevencion del crimen han sido aplicados satisfactoriamente a traves del mundo en varios disenos comunitarios, la mayoria de las instalaciones educacionales existentes no fueron disenadas tomando en cuenta esta nocion. Ahora que la seguridad se ha transformado en una alta prioridad en los establecimientos de nuestra nacion, la PCMDA ofrece a los planificadores, a los miembros de los consejos y a los administradores de los colegios principios que pueden guiarlos en la creacion de un medio ambiente escolar seguro. Mediante la conduccion del analisis de la PCMDA, los funcionarios de los colegios pueden identificar cambios ambientales especificos que podran promover el comportamiento deseado, en vez de incentivar inadvertidamente comportamientos disfuncionales. El presente Digest describe elementos claves de la PCMDA y la manera de conducir el analisis.

 urlLink Como los colegios asignan y utilizan sus recursos? This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of How Schools Allocate and Use Their Resources. From the ERIC Digest: El financiamiento de los colegios, se ha limitado tradicionalmente a la distribucion de los recursos hacia los distritos escolares, concen-trandose primeramente en la asignacion equitativa de fondos dentro del Estado. En anos recientes, se ha puesto mayor atencion en el problema de la productividad -cuan eficientemente los distritos escolares usan los fondos recibidos para proveer educacion a los estudiantes. Hasta el momento, la investigacion sobre la productividad no ha sido concluyente (ver por ejemplo Picus 2001). Sin embargo, una cosa es clara antes de que se pueda entender completa-mente como hacer a los colegios mas productivos, es necesario comprender mejor de que manera los colegios utilizan actualmente los recursos de que disponen. El presente Digest resume informacion sobre los gastos y los modos de contratacion de personal en los colegios de la nacion. Sopesa el impacto de los recursos financieros en los resultados educacionales de los estudiantes y discute las implicancias de estas formas de distribucion en politicas futuras, tanto a nivel Estatal como local.

 urlLink Remuneracion alternativa para los profesores. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Alternative Teacher Compensation. From the ERIC Digest: Las remuneraciones de los profesores estan alcanzando atencion renovada en las legislaturas estatales y en las oficinas de distrito escolar debido a que los legisladores buscan atraer y retener personas calificadas para la ensenanza y tambien explorar formas creativas para promover mas altos estandares en lo educacional y en lo profesional. El presente Digest examina varios metodos alternativos de remuneracion para los profesores propuestos o en practica en los distritos escolares a traves del pais.

 urlLink Nuevos patrones en el gobierno de los colegios. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of New Patterns of School Governance. From the ERIC Digest: El gobierno escolar ha sido por largo tiempo un juego politico, en que los participantes locales, estatales y federales trabajan (algunas veces de manera cooperativa y otras en disputa) para establecer o influenciar en las politicas, y luego implementar medidas de responsabilidad para hacer el seguimiento de la calidad de los colegios en los Estados Unidos. Los proponentes del cambio han recomendado recientemente una serie de nuevos acercamientos-y variaciones de los antiguos enfoques-para alcanzar el complejo desafio de mejorar la educacion publica por medio de diferentes formas de gobierno escolar. Sin embargo, como sucede con el cambio de cualquier diseno organizacional, la resistencia ha sido fuerte, y el debate publico en cuanto a lo adecuado de los nuevos modelos para los colegios continua. El presente Digest explica por que el gobierno de los colegios publicos esta siendo sujeto a un aumento del escrutinio, identifica quien es responsable por los resultados en el actual sistema de gobierno y describe varias propuestas recientes para transformar la estructura de gobierno.

 urlLink Evaluando los resultados de la reforma escolar total. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Evaluating the Results of Whole-School Reform. From the ERIC Digest: La reforma escolar total (conocida tambien como reforma escolar global), es un proceso mediante el cual se busca cambiar simultaneamente todos los elementos del ambiente operacional del colegio, de tal manera que esos elementos se alinien con una vision orientadora central (Keltner 1998). El objetivo final, por supuesto, es mejorar el rendimiento de los alumnos. Frustrados por el poco exito de las reformas fragmentarias y espoloneados por los incentivos financieros del programa federal de Demostracion de Reforma Escolar Global (DREG) (Comprehensive School Reform Demostration) (CSRD), el que otorga $50.000 en becas anuales para los colegios que reunen las condiciones de calificacion. Existe un aumento de los educadores que estan considerando una reforma global escolar para mejorar el rendimiento de los colegios. Funciona realmente la reforma global escolar? Hasta aqui los resultados son modestamente positivos. Un estudio de 1999 hecho por el Instituto Americano para Investigacion (American Institute for Research) encontro que solamente 3 de los 24 modelos de reforma global estudiados, mostraban una fuerte evidencia de que el resultado de los estudiantes habia sido elevado (AIR 1999). La organizacion Nuevos Colegios Americanos (New American Schools) [NAS] sostiene que cada uno de sus disenos, cuando se han implementado completamente, mejora las tasas de asistencia, el involucramiento de los padres y el rendimiento de los alumnos. NAS agrega, ' Algunos colegios no han alcanzado los resultados que esperaban, y algunos no han experimentado ninguna mejora luego de adoptar el diseno' (NAS 1999). Para determinar si sus programas de reforma estan alcanzando los resultados proyectados, el colegio debe poder conducir una evaluacion efectiva de las practicas de reforma. 'Los colegios que carecen de la habilidad para analizar sus propios resultados...estaran siempre en desventaja,'' dice el presidente de NAS, John Anderson (1999).

 urlLink Perfilando a los estudiantes en relacion con la violencia. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Profiling Students for Violence. From the ERIC Digest: Luego de la racha de disparos y otros incidentes de violencia que han irrumpido en los colegios de nuestro pais durante los ultimos anos, profesores y administradores estan buscado desesperadamente formas confiables para predecir que alumnos pudieran estar en serio riesgo de cruzar la linea invisible que lleva a la violencia. Aunque no existe una bola de cristal que pueda predecir con certeza el futuro potencial de un estudiante en relacion con la violencia, funcionarios de los colegios estan intensificando sus esfuerzos para identificar a los alumnos potencialmente peligrosos. La confeccion de un perfil de los estudiantes, es una forma conflictiva en la prevencion de la violencia, que muchos administradores estan contemplando en su busqueda por mantener la seguridad en los colegios. Mientras algunos perciben el perfilamiento como una herramienta prometedora, otros lo ven como una respuesta erroneamente concebida para enfocar el problema de la violencia escolar, el que causara mas dano que beneficio. El presente Digest define lo que es el perfilamiento, discute los problemas que surgen al realizarlo y describe algunas estrategias adicionales para reducir el riesgo de violencia en los colegios.

 urlLink Estandares: El medio ambiente de las politicas. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Standards: The Policy Environment. From the ERIC Digest: La frase 'estandares mas altos' se ha transformado en el grito de guerra tanto para avidos reformadores escolares como para politicos. Una amplia coalision de distritos electorales ha adoptado las reformas basadas en estandares como medio de mejorar la responsabilidad de los colegios, preparando una fuerza laboral globalmente competitiva, y disminuyendo la diferencia en los logros entre diferentes grupos raciales (Orfield y Wald 2000). Grupos igualmente importantes estan sosteniendo que el movimiento de rigidos estandares esta reprobando demasiados alumnos y perjudicandolos en el aprendizaje del aula. El presente Digest ofrece una instantanea del movimiento de Estandares: sus origenes, sus exitos a nivel de distrito y de Estado, el contragolpe generado en relacion al movimiento y algunas posibles direcciones en las politicas.

 urlLink Cupones educacionales. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Educational Vouchers. From the ERIC Digest: Los programas de cupones educacionales, que proveen a los padres con becas fiscales para enviar a los ninos a colegios privados o publicos de su preferencia, son la altenativa mas controvertida de las numerosas opciones que ofrecen los colegios. El concepto aparecio en la mitad de los anos cincuenta, cuando el economista Milton Friedman sostuvo que los cupones mejorarian la eficiencia educacional colocando a los colegios en una posicion competitiva de libre mercado (Miller 1999). En 1971, mientras los estudiantes de derecho Jack Coons y Stephen Sugarman, trabajaban en el famoso caso juridico californiano conocido como "Serrano", recomendaron el uso de cupones para estudiantes de distritos pobres, como una solucion potencial para contrarrestar las injusticias insconstitucionales escolares de financiamiento (Miller).

 urlLink Consejeria de los directores. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Principal Mentoring. From the ERIC Digest: Con el objeto de contribuir con el exito a los nuevos directores, los distritos escolares estan capitalizando la experiencia de los administradores antiguos agregando programas de mentoria a la combinacion de programas de entrenamiento practico para los directores principiantes. Los consejos de los colegios y los funcionarios distritales reconocen que la preparacion formal para ser directivo, debe incluir un componenete practico que comprenda habilidades de la vida real, normalmente conocidas como noviciado (apprenticeship) o practica (internship). La efectividad de este entrenamiento practico ha tomado cada dia mayor importancia dado que los colegios confrontan crecientemente una menor cantidad de candidatos calificados, dado que los estudiantes de programas graduados de administracion tambien disminuyen y que estos programas han ido reduciendo el numero de horas requeridas como practica (Educational Research Sevice 2000). Ironicamente, la propia educacion no parece ser el factor limitante en la merma principal, ya que casi la mitad de los profesores de los colegios publicos del pais tienen post grados. Sin embargo, relativamente pocos de esos profesores - la fuente natural para futuros directivos - han mostrado interes para llegar a ser directores. Esta falta de interes, combinada con las proyecciones del Departamento del Trabajo (Department of Labor), que senala que el 40% de los 93.200 directores estan cerca de jubilar, destaca la necesidad de llamar a la vieja horneada de directivos para que se transformen en mentores de aquellos que seran confiados con nuestros colegios (Blackman y Fenwick 2000). El presente Digest examina la naturaleza de la consejeria y discute como estas relaciones pueden peparar a los directores para la siguiente etapa de su carrera.

 urlLink ERICDigests.org - Providing full-text access to ERIC Digests. This is a partial list of pre-1992 ERIC Digests. There are a lot more than this! ed262504&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Imperative for Educational Reform: Implications for Special Education. ed262506&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Being at Ease with Handicapped Children. ed262511&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Leadership Skills Among the Gifted and Talented. ed262514&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Technology for the Gifted and Talented. ed262515&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Personnel Development in Special Education: Quantity Versus Quality. ed262519&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Defining Giftedness. ed262525&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Professional Training for Teachers of the Gifted and Talented. ed262526&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Underachieving Gifted Students. ed263626&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Assessing Listening and Speaking Skills. ed263627&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Integrating the Language Arts. ed264161&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Latin American Studies. ed264162&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Cooperative Learning in Social Studies Education: What Does the Research Say? ed264163&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Peace and Nuclear War. ed264164&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Improvement in Geography Education. ed264166&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Strengthening High School World Studies Courses. ed264167&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Computer Databases: Applications for the Social Studies. ed264575&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Using Microcomputers in Elementary Language Arts Instruction. ed265013&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Research Related to Instructional Materials for Science. ed265050&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Learning of Mathematics. ed265075&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching about Hazardous Materials. ed265935&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching Early Childhood Educators and Other Adults How to Use Computers. ed265936&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Children's Peer Relationships. ed265988&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Advantages of Small Schools. ed266019&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Recent Research on Mathematics Instruction. ed266137&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Alternative Certification for Teachers. ed266338&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teenage Suicide: Identification, Intervention and Prevention.&nbsp; ed266339&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Selecting a College: A Checklist Approach. ed266340&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teenage Pregnancy. ed266341&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Peer Counseling. ed267435&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Testing in Literature. ed267899&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Grade Retention and Promotion. ed267914&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Choosing Software for Children. ed267941&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Outdoor Education: Definition and Philosophy. ed268065&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Community Study. ed268301&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Adult Literacy Volunteers. ed268302&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Bilingual Vocational Education for Immigrants. ed268303&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Education and Employment. Overview. ed268304&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Interactive Video in Vocational Education. Overview. ed268305&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Family-Career Connection. Overview. ed269114&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Are Communications Technologies in Education a Threat to Faculty? ed269115&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Positioning Community Colleges via Economic Development. ed269116&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Measuring Student Outcomes through the Associate Degree.

 urlLink Politicas de uniformes y codigos de vestuario. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Uniforms and Dress-Code Policies. From the ERIC Digest: El viejo adagio 'la ropa hace al hombre' es aplicable a los alumnos dentro del ambiente escolar? Vale decir, la manera en que los estudiantes se visten puede tener impacto en asuntos como la atmosfera escolar y la seguridad, el exito academico y el comportamiento? Algunos administradores lo creen asi y han hecho mas estrictos los codigos de vestuario de los estudiantes o han comenzado a exigir a los alumnos la utilizacion de uniformes como un modo de reducir el riesgo de violencia y crear un ambiente positivo y productivo para el aprendizaje. La Asociacion Nacional de Directores de Escuelas Primarias (National Association of Elementary School Principals) senala que los uniformes fueron alguna vez la sena caracteristica de los colegios privados y parroquiales; hoy dia 'el numero de colegos publicos adoptando uniformes y un severo codigo de vestuario esta creciendo anualmente' (ANDEP 2000) [NAESP 2000]. En una encuesta a nivel nacional a los directores de colegios basicos y de nivel intermedio (middle school), conducida por ANDEP en mayo del 2000, 10% de los 755 que respondieron 'dijeron que sus colegios ya han adoptado una politica de uniformes y otro 11% estaban considerando el concepto' (ANDEP). El presente Digest discute por que algunos colegios estan cambiando sus politicas de vestuario, destaca situaciones planteadas por proponentes y oponentes, revisa consideraciones legales, toca resultados de investigaciones y ofrece algunas sugerencias de los alumnos sobre otras maneras de promover la seguridad en los colegios.

 urlLink Reteniendo los directores. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Retaining Principals. From the ERIC Digest: La disminucion de postulantes para el cargo de director esta recibiendo muchisima covertura de los medios de comunicacion. Las historias destacan la apertura de colegios con directores interinos a comienzos del ano escolar y hablan de las vacantes que se producen debido a las jubilaciones. Un estudio de los directores de colegios basicos e intermedios (middle schools) realizado por la Asociacion Nacional de Directores de Escuelas Primarias (National Association of Elemtary School Principals) en 1998, encontro que el 42 por ciento de recambio que ha existido durante los ultimos diez anos posiblemente continuara en la proxima decada (Doud y Keller, 1998). La escases de postulantes para el cargo de director hace que la retencion de los actuales directores sea aun mas critica. El presente Digest examina algunas razones -distintas a la jubilacion- del por que los directores dejan sus trabajos, y entrega estrategias que pueden utilizar los distritos para retenerlos.

 urlLink Politicas de tolerancia cero. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Zero Tolerance Policies. From the ERIC Digest: Respondiendo a la preocupacion de la seguridad escolar, en anos recientes los legisladores estatales y los consejos de los colegios han promulgado un grupo de politicas de tolerancia cero que se enfocan en el combate de armas, drogas y violencia y de comportamiento antisocial. Los resultados no han sido claros, algunos criticos han deshauciado las politicas en su totalidad. Casi todos los colegios informan que tienen una politica de toleracia cero para armas de fuego (94%) y otros tipos de armas (91%), de acuerdo al Centro Nacional de Estadisticas de la Educacion (Nacional Center for Education Statistics) (Kaufman y otros 2000). Un ochenta y siete por ciento de los colegios tiene tolerancia cero para el alcohol, y un 88% cuenta con politicas para el problema de las drogas. La mayoria de los colegios tambien tiene politicas de tolerancia cero para la violencia y el tabaco.(79% cada uno). El presente Digest describe los origenes de la politica de tolerancia cero, presenta evidencia sobre su efectividad, examina su critica y recomienda estrategias para mejorar las politicas.

 urlLink Tecnologias mas nuevas para la seguridad escolar. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Newer Technologies for School Security. From the ERIC Digest: Los funcionarios escolares podrian considerar soluciones de tipo tecnologico, a problemas de crimen o seguridad, cuando medidas menos agresivas a os problemas de seguridad o de criminalidad, han probado ser inadecuadas o demasido costosas. Cuando entrometidos, incluyendo individuos armados, son el problema individualizado, los colegios pueden elegir entre varias clases de tecnologia: (1) Llaves y tarjetas inteligentes, (2) detectores de metal, (3) sistemas de alarmas y (4) equipos de vigilancia. Antes de recurrir a soluciones de alta tecnologia, los funcionarios escolares debieran pensar detenidamente acerca de las posibles (y no intencionales) consecuencias de las tecnologias de seguridad. Ellas pueden reforzar el temor, socabando la ecologia social del colegio. Puede que sean una solucion inadecuada al problema que se intenta resolver. Pueden ser muy costosas. Tambien requieren de una permanente mantencion, reparaciones y actualizaciones que deben ser incluidas en el presupuesto. El presente Digest describe varias tecnologias que pueden ser empleadas para controlar el acceso y mejorar la vigilancia en los terrenos del colegio.

 urlLink Strategy Instruction. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Pat Beckman. It deals with the idea and issues that relate to concept of strategy instruction. From the ERIC Digest: In general, a strategy is a tool, plan, or method used for accomplishing a task. Below are other terms associated with strategy instruction, some of which will be discussed in this digest: * Cognitive Strategy: a strategy or group of strategies or procedures that the learner uses to perform academic tasks or to improve social skills. Often, more than one cognitive strategy is used with others, depending on the learner and his/her schema for learning. In fact, research indicates that successful learners use numerous strategies. Some of these strategies include visualization, verbalization, making associations, chunking, questioning, scanning, underlining, accessing cues, using mnemonics, sounding out words, and self-checking and monitoring. * Cues: visual or verbal prompts to either remind the student what has already been learned or provide an opportunity to learn something new. Cues can also be employed to prompt student use of a strategy. * Independent, Strategic Learner: the student who uses cues and strategies within his/her learning schema, asks clarifying questions, listens, checks and monitors his/her work and behavior, and sets personal goals. A strategic learner knows the value of using particular strategies through experience, and is eager to learn others that might prove beneficial. * Learning Strategy: a set of steps to accomplish a particular task, such as taking a test, comprehending text, and writing a story. A first-letter mnemonic is often used to help the learner follow the steps of the strategy.

 urlLink Using Scaffolded Instruction To Optimize Learning. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Martha Larkin. It discusses the important concept of scaffolded instruction. From the ERIC Digest: The concept of scaffolding (Bruner, 1975) is based on the work of Vygotsky, who proposed that with an adult's assistance, children could accomplish tasks that they ordinarily could not perform independently. Scaffolded instruction is "the systematic sequencing of prompted content, materials, tasks, and teacher and peer support to optimize learning" (Dickson, Chard, & Simmons, 1993.) Scaffolding is a process in which students are given support until they can apply new skills and strategies independently (Rosenshine & Meister, 1992). When students are learning new or difficult tasks, they are given more assistance. As they begin to demonstrate task mastery, the assistance or support is decreased gradually in order to shift the responsibility for learning from the teacher to the students. Thus, as the students assume more responsibility for their learning, the teacher provides less support. For example, a young child or a child with physical disabilities likely would need assistance when learning how to use a playground slide (Dixon, 1994). At first an adult might carry the child up the steps and slide with the child several times. Then some of the scaffolding or support would be removed when the adult placed the child on the lower portion of the slide and allowed him or her to slide with little guidance. The adult would continue to remove the scaffolding as the child demonstrated that he or she could slide longer distances successfully without support.

 urlLink Developing Curriculum for Democracy through International Partnerships. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Gregory Hamot. It looms at ways that democracy can be taught to better international relations. From the ERIC Digest: Exemplary partnership programs between U.S. institutions and educators from newly emerging democracies include the Civitas International Exchange Program conducted by the Center for Civic Education and its associates across the globe, The University of Iowa citizenship education programs in Eastern and Central Europe, The Ohio State University program with Poland, and the civic education exchange programs organized by the American Councils for International Education. Each of these programs requires the development of curricular materials for use in the home country. The international civic education teacher programs included in these partnerships also have implications for U.S. curriculum development. For instance, the Civitas International Exchange Program produced a book of comparative lessons for democracy through a collaboration between teachers from five post-communist countries and the United States. Translations and adaptations of successful U.S. programs for civic education worldwide, such as "We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution and Project Citizen," also distinguish the Civitas International Exchange Program. Efforts by The University of Iowa, The Ohio State University, and the American Councils for International Education include unique curricular materials that originate within each program and are exclusive to their partner countries. The Ohio State University program with Poland developed a curriculum for elementary students and The University of Iowa's programs with Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Armenia, Moldova, and Georgia resulted in civic education curricula for use at varying levels of compulsory education (Hamot 1999; Remy 1994). Similarly, the American Councils for International Education secured funding to help build teacher professional development programs for civic education throughout the post-communist world.

 urlLink Time and Learning. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bill Metzker. It looks at the concept of time and how it realtes to learning. From the ERIC Digest: Since the National Commission on Time and Learning released Prisoners of Time in 1994, the use of time in school has come under increasing scrutiny. The academic day, stated the commission, ought to be reengineered to include fewer noninstructional activities and offer a minimum of 5.5 hours for core subject teaching and even more to meet enhanced state standards (Kane 1994). Over the years, educators have sought to enhance learning time through such reforms as block scheduling and year-round schools. The 2001 No Child Left Behind Act envisions efficient use of time as an avenue for improving learning. This Digest summarizes the relationship between time and learning and examines what states and districts across America are doing to make better use of time during the school day.

 urlLink Infants and Toddlers with Visual Impairments: Suggestions for Early Interventionists. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest was written by Deborah Hatton, R. A. McWilliam, and P. J. Winton. It examines how parents and educators can help identify and help babies who have vision problems. From the ERIC Digest: The intervention needs of infants and toddlers differ considerably from those of children with visual impairments (VI) and blindness who are kindergarten age and older. Early intervention for infants and toddlers should be family-centered while also addressing VI-specific needs. Because significant visual impairments often result in developmental delays and make it difficult to access visual learning environments, infants and toddlers typically qualify for special education services. Exemplary services include the following strategies: * Establish reliable alliances (Turnbull & Turnbull, 2001) with families and other service providers based upon family and child strengths, respect for diversity and culture, and collaboration. * Collaborate with families and other professionals to complete the Individualized Family Services Plan (IFSP) process. * Serve as an effective member of the early intervention team, help families and other team members understand medical information, and be familiar with service coordination responsibilities. * Approach early intervention from a support, rather than provision of services, perspective. * Make home visits that promote functional outcomes for both the child and family.

 urlLink What Does a Principal Need To Know about Inclusion? ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest was written by Fred and David Bateman. It discusses ways that principals can help disabled students. From the ERIC Digest: It is up to the principal to prepare the school and the staff for inclusion and to provide the backing, in both resources and commitment, to make it succeed. There are specific steps a principal can take to prepare staff: * Ensure that staff is aware of the legal requirements and terms. Explain supplementary aids and services. * Make sure that staff and teachers know that most students with disabilities are already educated in general education classrooms most of the time and are included in almost all of the noncurricular activities. Point out that the majority of students with disabilities have mild disabilities. * Reassure teachers that while they will need to make changes in their instructional methods and materials, support will be provided. * Explain that while many students with disabilities have participated successfully in unstructured activities, they often do better in structured activities. * Be sure staff understand that decisions made regarding children with disabilities are individualized decisions. Some students may have needs that must be addressed outside of the general classroom, but they will be placed in outside settings only after efforts to meet their needs in the general classroom with supplementary aids and services have failed. * Explain that large numbers of students with disabilities will not be assigned to any teacher (e.g., only one or two per class). Principals need to ensure that students with disabilities are assigned evenly among classrooms and to provide the time and staff development teachers will need.

 urlLink Indicadores educacionales. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Educational Indicators. From the ERIC Digest: La gran tragedia que enfrenta la ciencia: la destruccion de una hermosa teoria por una horrible realidad". Esa ironica observacion hecha por el gran cientifico ingles T.H. Huxley se puede aplicar de la misma manera a la practica educacional. Como todos los profesionales, los educadores utilizan suposiciones y teorias informales para orientar sus acciones y con frecuencia no son capaces de evaluar esas creencias (Donald Schon 1987). El turbulento ritmo de la vida escolar hace dificil que profesores y administradores se distancien y puedan evaluar de manera objetiva la validez de sus suposiciones operativas. Ademas, los educadores tienden a juzgar el exito en forma anecdotica en vez de hacerlo mediante una evaluacion formal. Un pequeno signo de progreso de un alumno obstinado tiende a sobredimensionarse en relacion con meses de consistente bajo rendimiento. Aunque estas victorias pueden ser altamente satisfactorias en terminos humanos, el actual sistema de responsabilidades exige que los educadores recolecten y analicen datos concretos antes de tomar sus decisiones. Los colegios recolectan un enorme volumen de datos, pero la mayoria de ellos es simplemente archivado y olvidado (Theodore Creighton 2001). En anos recientes, los responsables de hacer las politicas y los funcionarios han comenzado a reconocer que esas cifras pueden ser utilizadas como 'indicadores de rendimiento' que no solo satisfacen las demandas de responsabilidad, sino que ademas sirven como herramienta para mejorar el rendimiento escolar. El presente Digest examina la naturaleza y el proposito de los sistemas de indicadores educacionales y discute el diseno de tarjetas de informe mediante las cuales los colegios pueden dar cuenta al publico de sus rendimientos.

 urlLink Teaching about Child Labor and International Human Rights. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is written by Gregory Hamot and Beth Jensen. It looks at ways that students can be taught about child labor laws and human rights. From the ERIC Digest: Not all economic activity performed by children is necessarily a "worst form" of child labor. The International Labor Organization (ILO) distinguishes between acceptable forms of work by children and child labor that should be eradicated. The ILO defines child labor as "all children under 15 years of age who are economically active excluding (i) those who are under five years old and (ii) those between 12 14 years old who spend less than 14 hours a week on their jobs, unless their activities or occupations are hazardous by nature or circumstance" (ILO 2002, 32). Of course, any form of labor that endangers a child, denies a child's right to an education, or exposes a child to illicit activities is unacceptable. The unacceptable, worst forms of child labor include work such as bonded labor, prostitution and pornography, illicit activities, armed combat, and physically and mentally hazardous labor. These worst forms manifest themselves in violations of a nation's minimum age laws; threats to a child's physical, mental, or emotional well being; intolerable abuses such as child slavery, forced labor, or hazardous working conditions; illicit activities such as drug and contraband trafficking or debt bondage; and work that prevents a child from going to school.

 urlLink Supporting Paraeducators: A Summary of Current Practices. ERIC/OSEP Digest. This ERIC Digest examines ways that support staff in schools can be helped. It is written by Cynthia Warger. From the ERIC Digest: Increasingly, paraeducators, also known as paraprofessionals, are providing instructional and learner support to students with disabilities under the supervision of licensed teachers, a major shift from 40 years ago when paraeducators had primarily clerical responsibilities. Today's paraeducators still perform routine clerical and housekeeping tasks, but now there is a greater emphasis on their instructional and learner support roles. This digest outlines some actions that teachers and administrators serving in supervisory roles can take to ensure that paraeducators have adequate knowledge and skills for these new instructional support roles. The following practices result in improved paraeducator effectiveness: * Assign appropriate responsibilities and tasks * Provide ongoing, personalized support * Offer training opportunities and resources * Encourage high standards.

 urlLink The Taxonomy of Career Development Interventions That Occur in America's Secondary Schools. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Cass Dykeman et al. (Does it really take 8 people to write one article?) It deals with the classification of career development interventions in high schools. From the ERIC Digest: Every year millions of public and private dollars are spent on career development interventions for America's teenagers. However, no comprehensive listing of these interventions exists in the professional literature. The lack of such a listing hampers both practitioners and researchers in the area of career guidance. To remedy this situation, the Career Development Research Team of the National Research Center for Career and Technical Education conducted research with the aim to (1) identify a comprehensive list of career development interventions that occur in America's secondary schools, and (2) create a taxonomy of the identified interventions. Through consultation with career guidance practitioners and researchers from across the country, as well as through examination of research articles, grant reports, and program manuals, the Career Development Research Team established a comprehensive list containing 44 interventions. These 44 interventions were then rated on 5 variables (i.e., Time, Mode, Control, Place, & Size) by a random sample of the membership of the Guidance Division of the Association for Career and Technical Education. These ratings were then cluster analyzed. This analysis produced a four taxon solution. The taxa were (1) Work Based Interventions, (2) Advising Interventions, (3) Introductory Interventions, and (4) Curriculum Based Interventions.

 urlLink Differentiating the Language Arts for High Ability Learners, K-8. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Joyce Van Tassel-Baska. It examines ways that language skills can be taught to smart students. From the ERIC Digest: Differentiation approaches so critical to consider when adapting language arts curriculum include acceleration, depth, complexity, challenge, and creativity. Typically, curriculum is organized according to grade levels, with each subsequent grade level expectation being more demanding than the preceding. When we differentiate curriculum for gifted students, we must move to a higher level of expectation in respect to content, process, and concept demands. One way of accommodating higher expectations effectively is to make more advanced curriculum or content available to students at a younger age, ensuring that all levels of the standards are traversed in the process. When students are provided with advanced content or accelerated through curriculum, teachers need to adjust their expectations to match the students' advanced level. The level of curriculum for gifted learners must be adapted to their needs for advancement, depth, and complexity. For example, after a discussion on major themes in novels and other works, a student might be asked to choose a novel and write an essay about the first chapter in which major themes of the work are explored (VanTassel-Baska, 2002). Another aspect of differentiation that needs clarification is in the choice of instructional strategies employed. In many respects, there are no strategies that are differentiated only for students who are gifted or have high ability in language arts. Rather, strategy use is inextricably tied to the nature and level of curriculum being addressed. A diagnostic-prescriptive approach to instruction allows students to move at a fast pace and not be subject to instruction in skills already learned. Such an approach is powerful because it allows for an assessment process by which each student's language arts ability can be discerned and adapted for that student. Some instructional strategies are highly effective when combined with advanced curriculum. For example, questioning can be a powerful tool for demonstrating or encouraging high level discussions in gifted clusters if the stimulus reading or viewing was also challenging. Use of open-ended activities can also prove effective if they are of requisite difficulty. Problem-based learning by the sheer demands of working on ill-structured problems poses a particularly appropriate instructional approach for gifted program use. Thus strategy differentiation involves a set of techniques that need to be matched to advanced curriculum in order to be effective for advancing the learning of gifted students.

 urlLink Performance-Driven Budgeting: The Example of New York City's Schools. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Dorothy Siegel. It takes a look at how New Yory City is performance-based budgeting in it's schools. From the ERIC Digest: In mid-1996, a planning team of key central-office administrators, district representatives, education researchers, school reformers, and teachers' union officials traveled to Edmonton, Alberta, to attend a conference on school-based budgeting, where they learned about Edmonton's decentralized school system. A few months later, Chancellor Crew articulated a vision of a performance-driven school system that "focuses its energies on the sole goal of improving performance in teaching and learning" by: * Defining clear standards for student learning * Identifying educational strategies for all students to meet these standards * Aligning all resources, policies, and practices to carry out these strategies * Tracking results * Using the data to drive continuous improvement and holding the entire system accountable for student performance (Siegel and Fruchter) The chancellor invited New York City's thirty-two semi-autonomous districts and schools to pilot PDB, a key component of a performance-driven system. Their task, Chancellor Crew explained, was to design and develop innovative strategies for eventual systemwide implementation, and to identify "legal, contractual, accepted practice, or other constraints which limit local flexibility and discretion over the use of resources."

 urlLink Scientifically Based Research. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Ron Beghetto. It looks at the research modle of education based on science. From the ERIC Digest: Increasingly, there has been an emphasis on evidence-based practice in education. The most recent incarnation of this focus is "scientifically based research" (SBR), a phrase often associated with the No Child Left Behind (NCLB) Act of 2001. The NCLB Act, the most sweeping reform of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) since it was enacted in 1965, redefines the federal role in K-12 education. This legislation stipulates that federally funded programs and practices must be grounded in "scientifically based" research. School leaders who depend on federal funding are now required to be aware of the nature of the research that guides their programs and practices. In particular, federal funding decisions will be determined in part by whether programs and practices have a basis in "scientific research." The U.S. Department of Education, among others, is developing guidelines to assist school leaders in assessing the scientific basis of programs and practices. Ultimately, the difficult decisions of selecting programs and practices will rely on the professional discretion and expertise of school leaders. This Digest describes the nature and implications of SBR.

 urlLink Auditory Processing Disorders: An Overview. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Sandra Ciocci. It examines the different hearing processing orders that exist. From the ERIC Digest: Children who have auditory processing disorders may behave as if they have a hearing loss. While not all children present all behaviors, Keith (1995) offers the following examples of behaviors that may be displayed by children who have APD: * Inconsistent response to speech * Frequent requests for repetition (What? Huh?) * Difficulty listening or paying attention in noisy environments * Often misunderstanding what is said * Difficulty following long directions * Poor memory for information presented verbally * Difficulty discerning direction from which sound is coming * History of middle ear infection.

 urlLink Summer Learning Loss: The Problem and Some Solutions. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Harris Cooper. It reviews the reality of summer learning loss by students. From the ERIC Digest: In 1993, the National Education Commission on Time and Learning (NECTL, 1993) urged school districts to develop school calendars that acknowledged differences in student learning and major changes taking place in American society. The report reflected a growing concern about school calendar issues, especially for students at risk for academic failure. Educators and parents often voice three concerns about the possible negative impact of summer vacation on student learning. One concern is that children learn best when instruction is continuous. The long summer vacation breaks the rhythm of instruction, leads to forgetting, and requires a significant amount of review of material when students return to school in the fall. Also, the long summer break can have a greater negative effect on the learning of children with special educational needs. For example, children who speak a language at home other than English may have their English language skills set back by an extended period without practice, although there currently is little evidence related to this issue. Children with some disabilities may also profit from summer programs. While there is little evidence that a student's IQ is related to the impact of summer break (Cooper & Sweller, 1987), Sargent and Fidler (1987) provided some evidence that children with learning disabilities may need extra summer learning opportunities. Many states mandate extended-year programs for students with learning disabilities because they recognize these children's need for continuous instruction (Katsiyannis, 1991). And finally, tying summer vacation to equity issues, Jamar (1994) noted that "Higher SES students may return to school in the fall with a considerable educational advantage over their less advantaged peers as a result of either additional school-related learning, or lower levels of forgetting, over the summer months" (p. 1).

 urlLink Writing Activities: A Primer for Outdoor Educators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Alan Brew. It examines how outdoor educators can use writing to teach students. From the ERIC Digest: Composition specialists agree that effective writing activities are planned in advance and integrated with experiences (Lindemann, 2001). To facilitate the development of such activities, instructors might begin by asking themselves a series of questions: * "Why am I asking my students to write?" (to prepare for a discussion? to reinforce the teaching of a skill? to encourage reflection?) * "What type of writing is appropriate for my purpose?" (freewriting? journaling?) * "Given my purpose, when should I ask students to complete the assignment?" (after a specific experience? at intervals during the experience? at the end of the experience?) * "How do I want the students to complete the assignment?" (on their own? in groups? in a single sitting? in stages?) * "For whom will the students be writing?" (themselves? members of the class? me?) * "How, if at all, will I respond to what the students write?" (in a discussion? with written comments? with a grade?) Having answered these questions, the next step is to prepare a description of the writing activity for the students. This description should communicate concisely and in language familiar to the students the purpose, form, and audience for their writing during the activity. Although it is tempting, especially in the field, to present these assignments verbally, Lindemann (2001) emphasizes the importance of providing written directions, which students can review throughout the writing process. Planning and communicating writing activities in this manner assures that they will be integrated fully into an experience and that they will contribute to the process of transforming experiences into knowledge.

 urlLink Character Education: What Counselor Educators Need To Know. ERIC/CASS Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Kim Vess and Duane Halbur. It views character education from a counseling perspective. From the ERIC Digest: Numerous types of character education programs exist. Williams and Schnaps (1999) provided a thorough description of five major theoretical perspectives of character education: Watson's community of caring (1989); DeVries's constructive approach (1998); Berkowitz's child development perspective (1985, 1999); Lickona's eclectic approach (Lickona, 1991); and Ryan's traditional approach (Ryan, 1995). In a later study, Williams (2000) delineated four commonalities among the five theories. First, each theory involves direct instruction wherein youth are inculcated with virtues of society through training on habits or virtuous behavior (including Ryan [1995], Lickona [1991], and Berkowitz [1985]). Second, indirect instruction is a common component of character education. Williams and Schnaps (1999, p. 12) defined indirect instruction as "building a child's understanding which is believed to lead to interpersonal interactions of peers under the guidance of caring adults." Williams and Schnaps (1999) cited theorists DeVries, Lickona, Watson, and Berkowitz as participating in indirect instruction. Third, theorists Watson (1989) and Berkowitz (1999) included community building in their theories. Community building enhances moral character through caring relationships and environments. Fourth, all character education theories utilized adults as role models. Many commercial programs available for purchase are based on the work of these theorists. Since many school counselors will find themselves in a "position to be effective in designing, initiating, and supporting a character education curriculum" (ASCA position statement, 1998), understanding the theoretical differences and similarities of character education programs is important.

 urlLink Gearing-Up for Career Awareness: Profile of a Middle School Career Program. ERIC/CASS Digest. This ERIC Digests is by Kathleen Marcos. It reviews methods that help middle school student begin thinking about careers. From the ERIC Digest: Throughout the last decade, researchers have recommended that career exploration and awareness begin before high school, when students have already made major decisions about courses (Castellano et. al, 2002; Fouad, 1995; O'Brien, et. al, 1999; Toepfer Jr., C.F., 1994). In many cases, students passively follow career paths simply by not choosing from their high school classes the courses needed for technical or other careers. To encourage students to make informed decisions, middle schools must introduce career awareness, such as the concept that success in most careers requires education and training (Fouad, 1995). As the National Alliance of Business recommended in its 1999 publication Preparing Young People for Tomorrow's Workplace, "Middle school is an ideal age at which to expose students to the challenging world of work" (p.5). In their article Broadening Career Horizons for Students in At-Risk Environments, O'Brien et al. (1999) state that "Few middle schools adequately address the career development of students in at-risk environments despite evidence to indicate that interventions can enhance academic performance, facilitate high school completion, and encourage postsecondary education" (p.216). Because students who drop out of high school often begin to disconnect in middle school or earlier, interventions that give the school experience focus and meaning are critical (Castellano et al., 2002).

 urlLink Overcoming the Challenges of Counseling College Student Athletes. ERIC/CASS Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Joshua Watson. It examines ways that counselors can help college student-athletes. From the ERIC Digest: Introduction College student athletes have long been the most recognized, yet unofficial, special population on college campuses nationwide (Valentine & Taub, 1999). Misconceptions and stereotypical viewpoints have hindered the development of effective counseling interventions with this population. Oftentimes, student athletes are seen as performers who are placed in public arenas to have their successes praised and their failures criticized (Valentine & Taub, 1999). Ferrante, Etzel, and Lantz (1996) noted that the general view of college athletes is that they are over privileged, pampered, lazy, out-of-control, and primarily motivated to attend school for the sole purpose of participating in intercollegiate athletics. These misconceptions cloud the fact that student athletes are individuals with problems like everyone else, yet they are not receiving the potential benefits of counseling services. Recent findings have shown that this is more of an issue than originally estimated (Maniar, Curry, Sommers-Flanagan, & Walsh, 2001). In fact, researchers have shown that student athletes are not only hesitant to seek help from a counselor, but they are also reluctant to take advantage of sport psychology services (Brewer, Van Raalte, Petipas, Bachman, & Weinhold, 1998).

 urlLink Universally Designed Instruction. ERIC/OSEP Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Eric Orkwis. It looks at the issues that factor into universally designed instruction. From the ERIC Digest: By definition, universal design for learning (UDL) is the design of instructional materials and methods that makes learning goals achievable by individuals with wide differences in their abilities. Universal design is attained by means of flexible curricular materials and activities that provide alternatives for students. As much as possible, these "designed-in" alternatives, which include different assistive technologies and cognitive supports, do not have to be added by teachers. However, effective use of the materials requires that the teacher be familiar with the various teaching strategies necessary to reach students of widely varying abilities, and many teachers are not. UDL is an approach to learning in which curriculum designers have considered the scope of student abilities and learning styles, taking into account varying abilities to see, hear, speak, move, read, write, comprehend English, attend, organize, engage, and remember. They then create a "package" of classroom resources and situations that can be used as desired to meet the needs of these individuals. UDL encourages learning through a combination of flexible materials and methods that provide access, challenge, and engagement for each student. Different explanations of UDL use different terms to describe its structure. For instance, the Center for Applied Special Technology (CAST), discusses UDL in terms of multiples: multiple representation of content, multiple means of expression, and multiple options for engagement. Behind this approach is the idea that individual brains receive and process information very differently, so instruction should be designed to accommodate those differences.

 urlLink The Civic Mission of Schools: Key Ideas in a Research-Based Report on Civic Education in the United States. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by John Patrick. It views how civics education can be bettered by examining recent research. From the ERIC Digest: The mission of schools-based civic education is to develop competent citizens who have the knowledge, skills, and attitudes necessary to participate responsibly and effectively in the political and civic life of a democracy. Competent and responsible citizens: * are informed and thoughtful about the principles and practices of democracy * participate in their communities through membership in voluntary civil associations * act politically to accomplish public purposes * have moral and civic virtues, such as responsibility of the common good

 urlLink Curriculum Reform in the Professions: Preparing Students for a Changing World. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Beth Jones. It looks at ways students can be prepared for the realities of adult life. From the ERIC Digest: Ideally, an undergraduate education should provide students with the necessary skills, attitudes, and values that are critical to navigate the dynamic complexities of the business world. Employers are searching for graduates with strong abilities in problem solving, teamwork, communications, and leadership (Carnevale, 2000; Rao and Sylvester, 2000; Oblinger and Verville, 1998; Miles, 1994). Although most employees enter new positions with adequate technical skills, it is the process skills--especially communications and problem solving--that count toward successful job performance over time, and it is these skills that are most often absent (College Placement Council, 1994). Concerns about the educational quality of professional preparation programs have generated fairly specific sets of recommendations about the interventions or reforms necessary to strengthen undergraduate education. While some reports are very critical, others suggest that the gap exists between the ideal outcomes and actual performance because there has been considerable "upskilling" across sectors of different professional fields (Business Higher Education Forum, 1997; Carnevale, Gainer, and Meltzer, 1990). There has been very little recent synthesis and analysis of the progress that has been made within the United States in response to these criticisms. The ASHE-ERIC Report upon which this Digest is based focuses on the major changes that college and university faculty have designed in their undergraduate professional education programs in three areas: accounting, nursing, and teacher education. Each of these areas represents a different emphasis. Accounting is characterized as an enterprising field, nursing as a helping profession, and education as an informing profession (Stark, Lowther, and Hagerty, 1986). Examples of curriculum reforms in each of these professional preparation areas are highlighted.

 urlLink Early-Decision Programs. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digests is written by Tammy Holub. It reviews the issues relating to early-decision admission programs in higher education. From the ERIC Digest: Another controversial aspect of early decision is that colleges use the program to increase their rankings in U.S. News & World Report's "America's Best Colleges" (See Fallows, 2001; Ehrenberg, 2000). According to James Fallows, a former editor of U.S. News & World Report, a college's selectivity and yield are two statistics used to determine college rank. Selectivity measures the difficulty of being admitted to a school and yield measures the proportion of students who attend (Fallows, 2001). Every college has a target number of students for acceptance each year. When a college admits a large portion of its entering class through early decision, it can send out fewer offers than it would have to without early decision. Thus, early decision increases a college's yield and selectivity, potentially moving the college higher in the U.S. News rankings. Many argue that colleges who use early decision mainly to increase their rankings are performing a great disservice to students. Cornell professor Ronald Ehrenberg, who has studied the controversy surrounding college rankings, argues that "It is reasonable to suggest that we would be better off as a society if institutions limited the number of students that they enroll through the early-decision process" (Ehrenberg, 2000, p. 90). Many colleges insist on maintaining their early-decision programs, claiming that they would be at a disadvantage if they ended their programs if their rivals did not do the same (See Ehrenberg, 2000, p. 90; Arenson , 2001, p. D1).

 urlLink Integrating the Arts into the Curriculum for Gifted Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Joan Smutny. It presents different ways that the arts can be taught to gifted students. From the ERIC Digest: Studies have shown that the arts can significantly advance gifted students' academic and creative abilities and cognitive functioning (e.g., Hetland, 2000; Seeley, 1994; Walders, 2002; and Willet, 1992). This is a strong rationale for making the arts an essential feature of gifted education. Goertz (2002) envisions art instruction as the "fourth R" in education and demonstrates how it increases the skills of observation, abstract thinking, and problem analysis. Education in art is an invitation to use the reasoning skills of an artist. The artist visualizes and sets goals to find and define the problem, chooses techniques to collect data, and then evaluates and revises the problem solution with imagination in order to create....The artist, in his or her creative process, requires a high-order thought process (p. 476). When integrating the arts into the curriculum, teachers can design experiences that are tied to the unique needs, interests, and abilities of gifted students and challenge them to perform more complex and sophisticated tasks. Teachers can ask themselves: What needs do my arts activities meet? What precisely do I want my gifted students to learn and how will I know that these activities are stimulating their growth? Studies on differentiated instruction and the "parallel curriculum" (Heacox, 2002; Tomlinson et al., 2002) emphasize the importance of establishing clear learning goals before designing alternative learning experiences. The following are examples of learning goals and activities that integrate the arts with the language arts, social studies, and mathematics and science curricula.

 urlLink Promoting the Self-Determination of Students with Severe Disabilities. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Wehmeyer. It looks at ways that severely disabled students can be made more independent. From the ERIC Digest: Promoting the self-determination of students with disabilities has become best practice in special education, particularly in promoting more positive transitions from school to post-school life. Promoting self-determination means addressing skills, knowledge, and attitudes students will need to take more control over and responsibility for their lives. While efforts to promote self-determination are in place, most of the methods, materials, and strategies they use do not adequately address the instructional needs of students with severe disabilities (Wehmeyer, 1998). Wehmeyer, Agran, and Hughes (2000) surveyed 1,200 teachers of students with severe disabilities about their beliefs concerning self-determination and the barriers to providing instruction to promote this outcome. Some of barriers they identified are: * Lack of student benefit from instruction in self-determination (42%) * Insufficient training or information on promoting self-determination (41%) * Lack of authority to provide instruction in this area (32%) * More urgent need for instruction in other areas (29%) * Lack of teacher knowledge of curricular/assessment materials and strategies (17%)

 urlLink Children and Grief. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest was written by Nancy McEntire. It views methods that parents and educators can use to help kids deal with grief. From the ERIC Digest: The American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry (1998) cautions parents and teachers that, although most children grieve less over time, counseling might be considered if children exhibit several of these behaviors over an extended period: * Depression so severe that a child shows little interest in daily activities * Inability to sleep, eat normally, or be alone * Regression in behavior to that of a less-mature child * Imitation of the deceased person * Repeatedly wishing to join the deceased * Loss of interest in friends or play * Refusal to attend school or a persistent and marked drop in school achievement

 urlLink Poverty, Racism and Literacy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Mary Anne Corley. It looks at how poverty and racism can impact reading literacy. From the ERIC Digest: A significant correlation between race and poverty exists, with Black and Hispanic Americans three times more likely to be impoverished than White Americans (Proctor and Dalaker 2002). The cycle of poverty and low-literacy functioning is well documented, as is the achievement gap between White students and students of color. Race is a persistent factor in employment statistics, educational attainment, and the acquisition of literacy skills, with significantly higher unemployment rates and lower educational attainment rates among Black and Hispanic Americans than among White Americans. The literature on learner attrition and on resistance to participation in adult literacy programs suggests that the current delivery system may not be meeting the needs or expectations of many adults. A small but growing body of literature questions whether cultural dissonance between instructors and learners is a factor in learner attrition, and it advocates increasing cultural relevance in literacy practices. Some of the writings also advocate helping learners move toward critical reflection and social action. This Digest explores the poverty-racism-literacy connection, specifically as it relates to adult literacy, the imperative for culturally relevant practices, and the development of critical literacy.

 urlLink Incorporating Family Work into Individual Counseling: Establishing a Relationship with Families. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by David Kaplan and Melody Cole. From the ERIC Digest: As stated in the American Counseling Association Code of Ethics and Standards of Practice, "Counselors recognize that families are usually important in clients' lives and strive to enlist family understanding and involvement as a positive resource where appropriate" (1995). This digest will provide an overview of basic family counseling concepts for counselors whose specialty is in an area other than marriage and family counseling. The counseling relationship accounts for fully thirty percent of client progress (Lambert, 1992). In Family Counseling for All Counselors, Kaplan (in press) posits that achieving a positive relationship with a client's family can be difficult. Family members often initially challenge the counselor's authority due to protectiveness and embarrassment. People tend to be much more protective of their families than they are of themselves, and they do not like to admit that a stranger is needed to handle family problems. It is the counselor's responsibility to establish a therapeutic relationship under these circumstances. When the counselor is able to successfully navigate this initial stage, the therapeutic nature of the counseling relationship is enhanced for both the presenting client and the familial unit. Conversely, a family that remains distrustful of the counselor will not allow progress to occur. There are two pivotal areas the counselor and client must address upon deciding to involve a family in the client's counseling sessions: how to get the family to come into the office, and how to conduct the first session so as to increase the likelihood that subsequent sessions will occur when necessary. There are several practical steps a counselor should take to facilitate the establishment of a positive therapeutic relationship with families. These steps include: displaying professional credentials, dressing appropriately for the session, providing a comfortable seating arrangement, and obtaining informed consent. Establishing rapport and a relationship with clients is only the first step in counseling, but it is one that sets the tone for the therapeutic experience.

 urlLink Score Normalization as a Fair Grading Practice. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by R. Scott Winters. It looks at test score norming as a form of fair grading. This is very controversial... From the ERIC Digest: While fair grading is easily understood when discussing a single assignment (such as an exam or paper) it becomes a more difficult issue when multiple assignments are considered. For instance, if a student gets a 50 on an exam that is very hard (hence the 50 is the highest grade among all students), and a 60 on a second exam that is very easy (hence the lowest grade among all students), are these exams equitable? If a student is given the option of dropping the "lowest grade" of the two, does it make sense to drop the exam that, a) reflects the lowest numerical score (the 50), or b) reflects poorer performance (the 60)? If we set our evaluation criterion as a performance measure, then the score reflecting poor performance should be dropped. However, in order to make such an evaluation, the exams need to be converted into a common currency; specifically, they need to be placed upon a standard scale for comparison. Therefore, using raw scores to calculate final grades may not accurately capture a student's true performance within a class. As variation in performance evaluation increases, so does the impact on the student's final ranking. Ideally, we would like the distribution of individual student performance for all exams to be equal, despite differences in time, instructor, teaching assistant, and other factors. Only then can evaluations be considered comparable. Without this common currency or scale, errors in grade assignment will result. Fortunately, the methodology for placing diverse assignments on an equitable scale is straightforward. Appropriate normalization requires nothing more than adjusting the exams' means to be equal as well as their variances. If different teaching assistants instruct different subsets of the class, then these subsets also need to be standardized for equal means and variances across teaching assistants. The need for normalization is intuitive to most: an exam with a mean of 40 is not equitable to an exam with a mean of 70. The obvious correction is to readjust the scores such that the means are equal; this is a good first step, but alone, it is insufficient. Equally important is the need to correct for differences in the variances. A template for making such calculations is introduced below.

 urlLink Some Key Concepts for the Design and Review of Empirical Research. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by C. Mitchell Dayton. It shows how empirical research can be useful in real life. From the ERIC Digest: It is unfortunate that the terminology of accepting/rejecting a null hypothesis (that is, determining whether obtained results provide a reason to reject the hypothesis that they are merely a product of chance factors), suggests that these methods are intended to represent final decisions about the reasonableness of a research hypothesis. Indeed this was not the view of R. A. Fisher (1890-1962), who is considered to be the architect of modern statistical design and analysis. In commenting on the distinction between decision theory and statistical inference, Fisher (1959) notes: An important difference is that Decisions are final while the state of opinion derived from a test of significance is provisional, and capable, not only of confirmation but also of revision (p.100). A test of significance ... is intended to aid the process of learning by observational experience. In what it has to teach each case is unique, though we may judge that our information needs supplementing by further observations of the same, or of a different kind (pp. 100-101). In the day-to-day work of experimental research in the natural sciences, they [tests of significance] are constantly in use to distinguish real effects of importance to a research programme from such apparent effects as might have appeared in consequence of errors of random sampling, or of uncontrolled variability, of any sort, in the physical or biological material under examination (p.76). In the final analysis, the accumulation of evidence in favor of a theory may result in general belief that the theory is "correct" in the sense of providing satisfactory explanations for a body of natural phenomena, although this evidence can never reach the level of mathematical certainty. On the other hand, discrepancies between theoretical predictions and natural observations may result in abandonment or revision of the theory. It is in this sense that a scientific theory is falsifiable.

 urlLink Effect Size and Meta-Analysis. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Carol Boston. From the ERIC Digest: Given the growing demand for "evidenced-based research" to guide educational interventions, interest in the research technique of meta-analysis has surged. Developed by Gene Glass in the mid-1970s, meta-analysis is a statistical technique that enables the results from a number of studies to be combined to determine the average effect of a given technique. Comparisons can then be made about the relative effectiveness of various techniques for increasing student achievement. Where traditional literature reviews often present a narrative, chronological look at a small subset of studies deemed by an author to be relevant to the question at hand, meta-analysis is a more exacting and objective process that involves identifying, collecting, reviewing, coding, and interpreting scientific research studies. Studies are typically coded according to such categories as publication in a peer-reviewed journal, sample size and composition, control group, use of randomization, research methodology, type of intervention, and length of intervention. Study outcomes are translated to a common metric, called an effect size, to allow results to be compared. This Digest provides a review and applications of the concepts of normal distribution, standard deviation, effect size, and translation of effect size into percentile gain foundations for the understanding of meta-analytic results. It also includes resources for further exploration.

 urlLink Using Standardized Test Data To Guide Instruction and Intervention. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Craig Mertler. It views methods that can be used to translate testing data into meaningful measures that can help students. From the ERIC Digest: Test publishing companies typically provide classroom-level reports to enable teachers to see how a group of students performs across the curriculum. Even if a group of students has moved on by the time score reports are available, teachers should examine class-level results as a source of information for revising curriculum and instruction for the next class. Content areas or subtests in which high percentages of children are performing below average indicate areas of deficiency. Once teachers have noted and prioritized deficiencies, they may consider one or more of the following questions: * Where is this content addressed in our district's curriculum? * At what point in the school are these concepts/skills taught? * How are the students taught these concepts/skills? * How are students required to demonstrate that they have mastered the concepts/skills? In other words, how are they assessed in the classroom?

 urlLink Quality in Distance Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Katrina Meyer. It discusses ways that quality can be incorporated into distance education. From the ERIC Digest: What impact does distance education have on student learning? Is it more effective than traditional education? Less effective? Or about the same? Many studies that compare the two find no significant differences in learning and other outcome measures. The perception is that most studies on distance education or the use of technology are poorly designed and prone to incomplete analyses. That certainly is true of the simple comparison study, where student outcomes (such as course grades) for an online course are compared to those of a traditional course. This is the source of the "no significant differences" phenomenon, where possible intervening forces are ignored. Often, the researcher and instructor are the same person, further muddying the results. This design is flawed and the results are questionable. However, there are some very good studies, some quantitative, others qualitative, and still others thoughtful or theoretical analyses of what is occurring in online courses. Some of these studies are quite creative and use interesting approaches to analyze the online course or the student learning resulting from using the Web in a course. Many of these studies would pass the harshest peer review criteria. Others are less complicated but no less worth reading.

 urlLink New Perspectives on Counseling Underachievers. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bleuer, Jeanne C. and Walz, Garry R. It deals with ways counselors can help those low achieving students who can do better. From the ERIC Digest: Too often parents, teachers, and even counselors, assume that underachievers are students who can, but simply don't (or won't) achieve. Mandel and Marcus (1995, p. 4) identified six types of underachievers: 1) Coasters, those who are the ultimate procrastinators - easy-going and unmotivated; 2) Anxious Underachievers, those who want to do better but are too tense and uptight to work effectively; 3) Identity-Searchers, those who are so wrapped up in figuring out who they are that they become distracted from schoolwork; 4) Wheeler-Dealers, those who are impulsive, manipulative, and so intent on instant gratification that they see no point in doing well in school; 5) Sad Underachievers, those who lack the energy needed for schoolwork because of their depression and low self-esteem; and 6) Defiant Underachievers, those who underachieve as an act of rebellion. Of these, only the "coasters" and the "defiant underachievers" clearly fit the stereotype. The priorities of the "identity-searchers" and "wheeler dealers" make it difficult for them to focus on achievement; and the situation of the "anxious underachievers" and the "sad underachievers" could almost be described as, "They can, but they can't."

 urlLink Are Boys Falling Behind in Academics? Part I. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jeanne Bleuerand Garry Walz. It shows how boys are being ignored at the expense of girls. From the ERIC Digest: For many years, gender equity has pertained primarily to improving education and career opportunities for females. In a highly controversial report published by the American Association of University Women, How Schools Shortchange Girls (AAUW, 1992), researchers presented evidence that girls were not receiving the same quality or even quantity of education as boys. Recent studies, however, provide evidence that boys no longer hold the advantage. As Diane Ravitch, former Director of the U.S. Department of Education Office of Educational Research and Improvement, stated in Sommers (2000, p.22), "The AAUW report [How Schools Shortchange Girls] was just completely wrong. What was so bizarre is that it came out right at the time that girls had just overtaken boys in almost every area. It might have been the right story 20 years earlier, but coming out when it did it was like calling a wedding a funeral... There were all these special programs put in place for girls, and no one paid any attention to boys."

 urlLink ADD and ADHD: An Overview for School Counselors. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Deanna Pledge. It examines what school counselors need to know about ADD and ADHD. From the ERIC Digest: Attention Deficit Disorder without Hyperactivity (ADD) or with Hyperactivity (ADHD) continues to be a misunderstood diagnosis by many. Some parents and teachers still hold a perception that the label simply provides an excuse for disruptive behavior; however, studies continue to support a biochemical or organic basis to the disorder. Presentation of symptoms can be affected by family interactions, school expectations, and other demands placed on the individual child. Part of the reason that attention deficit is usually diagnosed in school age children (e.g., first to third grade) is attributable to the demands placed on the child when beginning school (American Psychiatric Association [APA], 2000). The structure at school differs from that in the home or preschool environment. Typical predisposing factors within the individual, as well as in the family history, are being identified in the literature (Chi and Hinshaw, 2002). For example, a history of alcoholism, smoking, or depression in parents can be predisposing factors (Mick, Biederman, Faroane, Sayer, and Kleinman, 2002). Certain physiological markers, such as frequent early ear infections (Combs, 2002), have also been associated with the presentation of attention deficit. Physical complications can be a factor in the development of language and reading disabilities that are associated with attention deficit for between 45% and 60% of those diagnosed (Lloyd, Hallahan, Kauffman, and Keller, 1998).

 urlLink Filial Therapy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Brandy Schuman. It discusses the concept of filial therapy. From the ERIC Digest: Many children do not have their need for emotional nurturing met (Landreth, 2002). Communication gaps between parents and children may exist because many parents are unaware of their children's emotional needs and lack the skills necessary to interact effectively with them on an emotional level (Landreth, 2002). Children communicate through play (Axline, 1969; Landreth, 2002). It is their innate language. By teaching parents the language of play, and how to use play therapeutically, the communication gap between parent and child can be closed (Guerney, Guerney, & Andronico, 1999; Landreth, 2002). Filial therapy is an alternative method for treating emotionally disturbed children in which the parent is used as an ally in the therapeutic process. The parent becomes the child's primary therapeutic agent (Guerney, et. al. 1999; Landreth, 2000; VanFleet, 2000). Parental involvement in a child's developmental process facilitates the parent's motivation to continue sessions and thus tends to eliminate the typical parental resistance that is encountered when the parent is not involved in the child's therapy.

 urlLink Professional School Counselors Can Make Positive Connections with Homeschoolers. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Gloria Dansby-Giles. It examines the issues around school counselors and home schooled students. From the ERIC Digest: The homeschooling movement has grown in popularity as evidenced by the involvement of an estimated 1.2 million students (Lyman, 1998) and cooperative programs offered by schools. Homeschoolers' contact with public schools has encompassed part-time enrollment, dual enrollment and participation in extracurricular activities such as sports (Angelis, 1998). Fager and Brewster (2000) documented homeschoolers' use of computer labs, on-line courses, chat rooms, e-mail and phone support from supervising teachers. There is, however, a sparsity of research dealing with the participation of homeschoolers in school counseling programs. This is an excellent opportunity for counseling professionals to reach a new population of students in need of counseling and guidance services. The extension of services to homeschoolers would involve community outreach, could better enhance community relations and build partnerships that are beneficial to homeschoolers. This digest will describe reasons for homeschooling, characteristics of families who homeschool, the status of public and home school relations, and ways professional school counselors can make positive connections with homeschoolers.

 urlLink Working towards Effective Practices in Distance Career Counseling. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jim Malone. It looks at how students in distance education can be counseled in careers. From the ERIC Digest: The environment surrounding current work with clients using Internet-related and technology-assisted strategies has been likened to the pioneering experience of those intrepid individuals who settled the "Wild West" (Bloom & Walz, 2000). To carry the metaphor forward, some early settlements have been established, and efforts are continuing towards creating communities of counseling and teaching practice throughout this new terrain. While the professional counseling literature continues to weigh the pros and cons of online and other forms of distance counseling, delivery models and specific practice techniques helpful to clients are being developed (Harris-Bowlsbey, Riley Dikel & Sampson, 2002). The time is ripe to focus on early field reports from practitioners who are using distance methodologies in career counseling. It is important to understand that we are talking about a communication process which goes beyond Computer Assisted Guidance Systems (CAGS) or Computer Information Dissemination Systems (CIDS), both of which have been useful counseling support strategies for many years. Our focus here is the actual establishment of a working alliance or counseling relationship through the use of technology and then the continuation of the counseling work using technology-assisted methodologies such as synchronous/asynchronous e-mail, telecounseling and videoconferencing. These counseling communication strategies may certainly be enhanced by Internet resources as well as by other more traditional technology-assisted supports. This digest focuses on initial research as well as reports from actual distance career counseling practitioners and clients. It also examines counseling techniques and interventions that work effectively. Brief commentary addresses the importance of training and supervision for distance career counselors.

 urlLink Schooling in Mexico: A Brief Guide for U.S. Educators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by H. James McLaughlin. It summarizes the educational system in Mexico. From the ERIC Digest: Mexican schools abide by federal policy and nationalized curriculum mandates. Each year since 1964, the federal government has provided free textbooks to every Mexican student in primary schools; students in grades 7-12 pay for their texts. Texts in grades 1-2 use the "global method," which combines social sciences and environmental studies. Throughout primary school the teachers and texts emphasize Spanish and mathematics, and also include geographic and ecological knowledge. Even in primary schools, Mexican texts include a straightforward, in-depth curriculum about health and human sexuality. The grading scale in Mexico is commonly 1 to 10, and teachers give examinations 5 times a year in each grade. The tests must cover the national curriculum, but are developed locally. There is a national examination at the end of the school year. Students who score less than a 6 on the test are retained in the same grade level for the coming year. Practical note. Mexican students coming from primary schools have not been ability grouped. This U.S. practice may confuse parents and students alike.

 urlLink Literacy Interventions in Low Resource Environments: An International Perspective. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Manjari Singh. It reviews methods that can be used to teach literacy in poor areas of the world. From the ERIC Digest: The commitment to ensuring literacy for all was reiterated by countries at international meetings throughout the 1990's, and again at the World Education Forum held in Dakar in 2000. Yet, it is currently estimated that about twenty percent of world's population aged fifteen and above is illiterate and that about 115.4 million school-age children are not in school (UNESCO, 2002). Besides non-school enrollment by millions of children, two other issues of concern are school drop-out and completion of school without acquiring functional literacy (Lievesley and Motivans, 2000). While the majority of children who are not acquiring a basic education live in developing countries, it is a matter of increasing concern that a significant number of these children and youth live in impoverished sections of industrialized nations (International Institute for Educational Planning, 1997). In a comparison of child poverty in twenty-three of the worlds richest countries (comprising the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or the OECD), Adamson, Micklewright, and Wright (2000) found child poverty rates to range from under 3% to more than 25% and that approximately one in six children live in poverty. In a recent Innocenti Report (UNICEF, 2000), it was found that in OECD nations children's educational achievement is strongly linked to the "occupation, education, and economic status" of their parents (p. 2); that non-native children tended to be particularly disadvantaged in some countries (p. 17); and children of less educated mothers tended to have lower reading levels (p. 22). Also, in many developing countries and low resource educational settings in the industrialized world, the language of school-based instruction is not the same as the language students speak at home.

 urlLink A Review of Trends in Journalism Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Shawna Brynildssen. It looks at journalism education history. From the ERIC Digest: Recently, Columbia University suspended the search for a new dean of its graduate school of journalism and asked faculty to develop "a greater sense of shared understanding... of where we hope to go" (Rosen, 2002). Jay Rosen, chairman of the Department of Journalism at New York University praised Columbia's willingness to question "the balance between two curricular aims in the modern journalism school." Rosen explained that of the two aims, "One builds the basic skills of reporting and editing. The other enlarges the understanding that future journalists will place behind those skills" (Rosen, 2002). This balancing act between goals is not a new one for journalism education. Discussions between media professionals and media researchers regarding the relative values of practical skills and theoretical/liberal arts education began following WWII, and they have waxed and waned in intensity since (Dickson, 2001; Dickson and Brandon, 2000). Today, some researchers continue to discuss the balancing of skills and conceptual content (Ryan and Switzer, 2001). Other scholars, however, urge the academy to abandon this theory versus practice discussion to focus instead on how well programs teach critical self-reflection (Deuze, 2001). Despite the lively debate and the plethora of terms used in the discussion, mass communication educators (at colleges and universities throughout the United States and the world) continue to struggle to define the direction journalism education should take. This digest will examine some of the more recent issues raised in discussions of journalism education.

 urlLink Bibliotherapy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Abdullah, Mardziah Hayati. It deals with the idea of bibliotherapy. From the ERIC Digest: Bibliotherapy generally refers to the use of literature to help people cope with emotional problems, mental illness, or changes in their lives (Pardeck, 1994), or to produce affective change and promote personality growth and development (Lenkowsky, 1987; Adderholdt-Elliott & Eller, 1989). By providing literature relevant to their personal situations and developmental needs at appropriate times (Hebert & Kent, 2000), bibliotherapy practitioners attempt to help people of all ages to understand themselves and to cope with problems such as separation and divorce, child abuse, foster care, and adoption. This Digest will briefly review the history of bibliotherapy, summarize some approaches to its application, outline the basic stages of the bibliotherapeutic process, and will conclude by reviewing the benefits and limitations which have been observed in its application. Historically, bibliotherapy dates back to the 1930s when librarians began compiling lists of written material that helped individuals modify their thoughts, feelings, or behaviors for therapeutic purposes. Counselors worked in conjunction with librarians to 'prescribe' selected literature for clients experiencing problems (Pardeck, 1994).

 urlLink Scientifically Based Research: What Does It Mean for Counselors? ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Walz, Garry R. and Jeanne C. Bleuer. It looks at scientific research as it relates to counseling. From the ERIC Digest: A core component of many new educational programs funded under Bush administration's No Child Be Left Behind Act of 2001 is that they be based on scientifically based research. Further emphasizing the important role that this type of research will play in future U.S. Department of Education priorities has been the establishment of the What Works Clearinghouse. Under the leadership of Dr. Grover Whitehurst, this new clearinghouse will "...establish standards for research and then determine...which studies meet those standards" (Taub, 2002). Like others in the educational community, counselors and counseling researchers welcome the opportunity to empirically test the validity of their practices and then, just as important, demonstrate that what they do makes a positive difference in students' lives. But they also have many concerns about the practical feasibility of implementing scientifically based studies. The purpose of this Digest is to provide an overview of the characteristics of scientifically based research, compare it to other types of research, and address some of the challenges and issues that are particularly relevant to conducting scientifically based studies of counseling interventions. To accomplish this, the authors have included selected portions of the ERIC/CASS publication, Research in Counseling & Therapy (Loesch & Vacc, 1997).

 urlLink When Terrorists Strike: What School Counselors Can Do. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Juhnke, Gerald A. 9/11 has everyone paronoid with good cause. This digest can help schools prepare. From the ERIC Digest: Terrorist attacks in New York City and Washington, DC, and the continued threats of terrorism have the potential to engender negative psychological effects upon school age children and their families. School counselors and mental health professionals working with children need to be knowledgeable regarding interventions which allow students to openly discuss immediate and future concerns, cumulative stressors resulting from on-going terrorist threats, and post-terrorism psychopathology (e.g., anxiety, distress, etc.). This digest will familiarize readers with basic Critical Incident Stress Debriefings (CISD), outline the differences between CISD and the Adapted Family Debriefing Model for school students, and describe how mental health professionals can use this model as a post-terrorism response intervention.

 urlLink Trends in School Leadership. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Larry Lashway. It reviews the recent literature on school leadership. From the ERIC Digest: Within the last five years, policy-makers and practitioners have confronted the challenge of replacing many retiring educational leaders. Districts have fewer qualified applicants to fill positions requiring an increasingly sophisticated set of skills to deal with everything from school safety to standards-driven accountability. The recent passage of the No Child Left Behind Act has turned up the heat even more by putting the full weight of federal policy behind the accountability movement, mandating that schools bring all children-including racial minorities, English-language learners, and students with disabilities-to an adequate level of progress. In response, policymakers, researchers, and school leaders themselves have scrutinized the job, asking what skills are most essential and formulating recommendations for reshaping the profession. While consensus remains elusive, several persistent themes have emerged.

 urlLink Reliability, Validity, and Authenticity in American Indian and Alaska Native Research. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Lomawaima, K. Tsianina and McCarty, Teresa L. It looks at research on American Indians in education. From the ERIC Digest: The constructs used by scholars across the physical, natural, and social sciences to evaluate research quality--as objective, reliable, valid, generalizable, randomized, accurate, authentic--are not value-free or apolitical. They all require the application of human judgment, which is inevitably affected by cultural norms and values (Westmeyer, 1981). Consequently, the use of these constructs to assess research focused on minority, marginalized populations requires extraordinary judgment. Such assessments must be based not only on Western notions of scientific quality but also, in the case of American Indians and Alaska Natives (AI/ANs), on a separate set of criteria prescribed in the interest of sovereignty. Sovereignty refers to the inherent, as well as constitutionally recognized, rights of tribes to self-government, self-determination, and self-education. Of course no contemporary polity--whether American Indian tribe or U.S. federal government--exercises unlimited sovereignty: "In the real world, sovereignty operates within constraints" (Wilkins & Lomawaima, 2001, p. 5). This Digest addresses these issues as researchers take on the challenges set forth by the "American Indian and Alaska Native Education Research Agenda" (Research Agenda Working Group, Strang, & von Glatz, 2001). The perspectives in this Digest are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the positions of the U.S. Department of Education.

 urlLink Recruiting and Retaining Rural School Administrators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Howley, Aimee and Pendarvis, Edwina. It reviews methods that country schools can keep their administrators. From the ERIC Digest: Recent research (outlined below) suggests that job pressures may be the most serious reason why school districts are finding it difficult to recruit and retain educational leaders. Always demanding of time and energy, the administrative roles of rural superintendents and principals are more complex and perhaps more stressful than ever before. In the past 25 years, administrators have had to address increasing demands for special programs, collaborative decision making, and accountability. In addition, potential for conflict with school boards and various constituencies is greater in the face of the heightened diversity of many rural communities. Long hours and relatively low salaries add to problems in recruiting and retaining new leaders for rural schools, and these problems may intensify if retirements occur at anticipated rates. Pressure for increased programs, collaboration, and accountability. Federal and state mandates have placed many new demands on administrators. The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA), for example, though it has improved education for children with disabilities, adds to the complexity of school administrators' roles. According to some sources, IDEA represents a major barrier to recruiting qualified applicants (Ohio Department of Education [ODE], 2001). School reform legislation that calls for site-based governance is also perceived as making administration harder. Shared governance requires school leaders to relinquish power as well as to make use of highly developed skills in interpersonal communication, negotiation, and conflict resolution (Madsen & Hipp, 1999).

 urlLink ERICDigests.org - Providing full-text access to ERIC Digests. This is another list of pre-1992 ERIC Digests. ed315432&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Integrating Testing with Teaching. ed315434&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Talking to Your Child's Teacher about Standardized Tests. ed315435&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Talking to Your High School Students about Standardized Tests. ed315699&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Missouri Comprehensive Guidance Model. ed315700&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Suicide and Sudden Loss: Crisis Management in the Schools. ed315701&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Counseling and Guidance Software. ed315702&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Invitational Learning for Counseling and Development. ed315703&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Counselors and Teachers as Student Advisors. ed315704&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Adolescent Pregnancy and Parenthood. ed315705&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Brief Family Consultation in Schools. ed315706&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Counseling Abused Children. ed315707&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Emerging Role of the Community College Counselor. ed315708&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Post-Traumatic Loss Debriefing: Providing Immediate Support for Survivors of Suicide or Sudden Loss. ed315709&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Ethical and Legal Issues in School Counseling. ed315785&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Evaluating Student Writing: Methods and Measurement. ed315864&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Censorship of Curriculum Materials. ed315865&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Coping with Changing Demographics. ed316249&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Use of Local Area Networks in Schools. ed316545&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Assessment for National Teacher Certification. ed316546&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Demand and Supply of Minority Teachers. ed316547&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Violence in Sports. ed316548&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Nature of Professional Development Schools. ed316615&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teenage Pregnancy and Drug Abuse: Sources of Problem Behaviors. ed316616&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Hispanic Education in America: Separate and Unequal. ed316617&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Making Schools More Responsive to At-Risk Students. ed316853&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Integrating Literature into Middle School Reading Classrooms. ed316957&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Drug Testing. ed317007&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Educating Exceptional Children. ed317036&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Simulated Oral Proficiency Interviews. ed317039&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Telecommunications in Foreign Language Education: A Resource List. ed317086&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching Mathematics to Limited English Proficient Students. ed317087&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Role of Styles and Strategies in Second Language Learning. ed317099&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Making Sense of Administrative Leadership. The "L" Word in Higher Education. ed317100&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Affirmative Rhetoric, Negative Action. African-American and Hispanic Faculty at Predominantly White Institutions. ed317101&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink PostsecondaryDevelopmental Programs. A Traditional Agenda with New Imperatives. ed317102&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Old College Try. Balancing Academics and Athletics in Higher Education. ed317145&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Challenge of Diversity: Involvement or Alienation in the Academy? ed317146&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Student Goals for Colleges and Courses: A Missing Link in Assessing and Improving Academic Achievement. ed317273&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Educating Language-Minority Children. ed317332&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Small Schools: An International Overview. ed317542&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Role of the Community College in the Creation of a Multi-Ethnic Teaching Force. ed318035&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Book-Length Works Taught in High School English Courses.

 urlLink Small Schools and Teacher Professional Development. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Klonsky. It shows how small schools can allow their teachers to get better. From the ERIC Digest: The amplified demands on faculty and staff time for increased professional development can also lead to burnout and teacher resistance to small schools. Gladden (1998) found cases of teachers resisting the "heavy workload of small schools" (p. 125). These demands are especially acute in the beginning stages of new start-up schools (Ancess, 1997). There may also be staff relationship problems that arise around professional development work, between those teachers in a school-within-a-school and those remaining with the larger school. Small-school teachers, for example, can be pulled between professional development requirements of their small school and those of the large school (Raywid, 1996). Small-schools approaches to professional development can be stifled in cases where the program or the facilities don't support the necessary interaction among faculty members, i.e., where teachers in a team work at extreme ends of a building or have no common planning time built into their schedules. But these problems have been overcome when good professional development strategies have been put into play. Nancy Mohr (2000) for example, found benefits when professional development was done in interdisciplinary teams: "Teachers who work on teams not only improve their craft but also begin to see the patterns in their work and relationships. They learn together, critiquing one another's practice by looking at student work" (p.148). Other small schools have created time for professional development when their students were out doing field studies in their focus areas.

 urlLink A New Framework for Teaching in the Cognitive Domain. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Molenda. It reviews the idea of the cognitive domain in teaching. From the ERIC Digest: For the past half century a central concern of instructional technologists has been not so much the production and use of instructional materials but rather the design of instructional systems-lessons, courses, and programs. This shift of emphasis occurred with the advent of the programmed instruction movement in the late 1950s when educators and instructional media specialists came to understand that the "magic" of teaching machines was not in the hardware but in the pedagogical design of the software. As media specialists morphed into instructional technologists and became immersed in programmed-instruction lesson design they found themselves in league with instructional theorists, grappling with the issue of how to structure a lesson for maximum learning impact. At mid-twentieth century, the dominant framework for lesson design-the programmed instruction format-was derived from efforts to apply operant conditioning to human learning. Cognitive psychology soon offered an alternative view, represented by Robert Gagne's Events of Instruction, which became the dominant framework through the end of the twentieth century. More recent developments suggest that a new conceptual framework, offered by M. David Merrill, may provide an even more comprehensive synthesis of instructional research and theory than the previous ones.

 urlLink Nonnative-English-Speaking Teachers in the English Teaching Profession. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Rosie Maun. It deals with non-native English speakers who teach English. From the ERIC Digest: In the field of English language teaching (ELT), a growing number of teachers are not native speakers of English. Some learned English as children; others learned it as adults. Some learned it prior to coming to the United States; others learned it after their arrival. Some studied English in formal academic settings; others learned it through informal immersion after arriving in this country. Some speak British, Australian, Indian, or other varieties of English; others speak Standard American English. For some, English is their third or fourth language; for others, it is the only language other than their mother tongue that they have learned. The strengths of these individuals as ESL teachers are still somewhat unknown and are often underestimated by their colleagues and students. This digest describes the contributions that these educators make to the ELT field, some of the challenges they face as teaching professionals, and ways in which these challenges are being addressed.

 urlLink English Language Learners and High-Stakes Tests: An Overview of the Issues. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bronwyn Coltrane. The topic is self-evident from the tiitle. From the ERIC Digest: When decisions are made regarding ELLs and high-stakes tests, several factors must be considered. Ensure that the test reflects the curriculum Educators who are responsible for selecting the tests that will be used for high-stakes assessment must examine how closely a test reflects the curriculum and standards being used in their state or district. As Menken (2000) points out, "in order for assessments to be effective and useful for educators in instructional practice, they must be deeply entwined with the classroom teaching and learning driven by the standards" (p. 4). If tests are aligned with standards and curricula, students will have an increased chance of demonstrating what they know and are able to do. Teachers of ELLs need to be involved in the decision-making process regarding which tests will be used. For example, testing committees at the school, district, and state levels that are responsible for selecting appropriate tests should include teachers who work with ELLs to ensure that the tests selected for use are appropriate for these learners. Select appropriate accommodations and modifications Educators must consider which testing accommodations may be most appropriate for an individual student or group of students. For example, translation of a test into a student's native language may be helpful for ELLs with a high level of cognitive-academic proficiency in their native language, but not for students whose native language skills are weak. Depending on a learner's language proficiency level, it may be beneficial to allow accommodations that affect how the test is presented and how students may respond to it (e.g., repetition and explanation of test items, or allowing students to dictate responses to a test administrator), in addition to testing modifications related to timing/scheduling and setting. With appropriate accommodations, ELLs are more likely to be able to demonstrate their knowledge on the test. Teach the discourse of tests and test-taking skills It is also beneficial to raise ELLs' awareness of the typical discourse and formats of standardized tests. ELLs may not be familiar with the kind of language that is used in tests, including many predictable patterns and phrases. It may also be beneficial to teach test-taking skills (e.g., how to approach a multiple-choice question, how to locate the main idea in a reading passage) to help prepare ELLs for specific types of test items they may encounter. Armed with a variety of test-taking skills and strategies, ELLs may be empowered to demonstrate their knowledge on a test, rather than being intimidated by unfamiliar terms and formats. Use test data carefully Perhaps most importantly, educators must be cautious when interpreting the test results of ELLs. As with all learners, it is crucial to remember that one test cannot accurately reflect everything that a person knows and is able to do. This point is particularly important if the validity and reliability of the test are questionable for ELLs, or if the students were not given appropriate testing accommodations. In any case, important decisions about ELLs should not be based on a single test score. Low scores on a standardized test may mean nothing more than that a learner has not yet mastered enough English to demonstrate his or her content knowledge and skills on a test. Multiple assessments, including some performance-based or alternative assessments that mirror what students are learning in class, will paint a much more accurate picture of students' knowledge, skills, and progress than any single test score can indicate. Similarly, high-stakes decisions should not be made regarding a program, school, or district with high numbers of ELLs based solely on test data. Such data may merely indicate that a school or district has a high percentage of ELLs, and not be reflective of instructional quality or program effectiveness. As states move toward widespread use of standardized tests to ensure high standards and accountability in education, many additional issues may arise with regard to how ELLs fit into this movement. It is important to include ELLs in high-stakes tests so that we may set high standards for every student and ensure that all learners' needs are considered in educational reform efforts. However, educators must also seek a balanced approach to interpreting and using test data so that careful, informed decisions are made, particularly when these decisions carry high stakes for ELLs and the schools that serve them.

 urlLink Thematic Literature and Curriculum for English Language Learners in Early Childhood Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Betty Smallwood. It deals with teaching literature to English language learners in pre-school. From the ERIC Digest: The incorporation of age- and language-appropriate thematic literature into the early childhood curriculum can stimulate content-based academic learning for English language learners (ELLs). This systematic approach is particularly beneficial to young ELLs ages 3 through 8 because it provides background knowledge and cultural information along with opportunities to hear, speak, and interact with carefully crafted language in thematic and story contexts. It also develops literacy in an engaging and playful context (Ghosn, 2002). For example, a well-chosen picture book can provide a meaningful focus for developing reading skills such as vocabulary and comprehension, as well as an awareness of sounds and sound-letter relationships (Smallwood, 1998). While this careful introduction to reading is important for all children in Grades preK-3 (Snow, Burns, & Griffin, 1998), it is critical for the growing population of young ELLs. Almost half (47%) of the K-12 ELL school population reported by grade (1999-2000) is enrolled in Grades K-3, representing about 1.3 million children (Kindler, 2002). Many of these children are interacting socially beyond the home and family for the first time, hearing extensive English, being exposed to books and read aloud to, and functioning as part of a learning community. This digest provides early childhood educators with book selection criteria, literature-based teaching strategies, curricular topics, and book lists for representative topics appropriate for use with ELLs in early childhood settings.

 urlLink Ambientes de lenguaje y alfabetizacion en programas preescolares. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translated version of Language and Literacy Environments in Preschools. From the ERIC Digest: Los ninos crecen en hogares que ofrecen variados niveles de apoyo al desarrollo de la alfabetizacion. Debido a esta variacion en el hogar, muchos ninos necesitan ambientes preescolares y escolares de buena calidad y excelente instruccion en la primaria para asegurar el exito en la lectura. Este Digest discute la investigacion sobre los ambientes de alfabetizacion en programas preescolares y sus contribuciones al desarrollo de las habilidades lectoras. Esta investigacion tiene implicaciones importantes para quienes toman decisiones de instruccion, programas y politicas que puedan influir en los ambientes preescolares de alfabetizacion de ninos.

 urlLink Las normas de desempeno matematico desde el preescolar hasta el segundo grado. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translated version of Mathematics Standards for Pre-Kindergarten through Grade 2. From the ERIC Digest: La preocupacion por los logros matematicos de los jovenes estadounidenses ha alcanzado nuevos niveles. Esta claro que en esta sociedad cada vez mas tecnologica y global, el logro matematico tendra una influencia importante en "las aspiraciones profesionales, el papel en la sociedad y hasta el sentido de satisfaccion personal" de los estudiantes (Malcom, 1999). Esta preocupacion intensa ha resultado en un aprecio creciente por el impacto que el aprendizaje temprano de la matematica podria tener en el curso de las vidas de los ninos pequenos. En el pasado, los programas preescolares y muchas clases del kindergarten al segundo grado han prestado poca atencion a la matematica (Johnson, 1999). Esta situacion esta cambiando conforme se reconoce que el aprendizaje de la matematica es esencial en el exito escolar. El National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM, 2000-Concilio Nacional de Maestros de Matematica) publico recientemente Principles and Standards for School Mathematics (Principios y Normas para la Matematica Escolar), basada en su publicacion Curriculum and Evaluation Standards for School Mathematics (Normas de Curriculo y Evaluacion para la Matematica Escolar) de 1989. La version actual abarca por primera vez normas para el pre-kindergarten y resume la matematica que los ninos deben aprender mientras progresan en la escuela. Aunque algunos observadores cuestionan si es apropiado tener normas para los ninos de esta edad, otros criticos sostienen que las normas actuales tal vez sean menos apropiadas al desarrollo que las anteriores, ya que se inclinan por el conocimiento y la orientacion hacia el producto. Este Digest discute las normas matematicas mas recientes para ninos pequenos y como los maestros pueden utilizar practicas apropiadas al desarrollo para ayudar a los ninos a satisfacer estas normas.

 urlLink Teacher Preparation and Teacher-Child Interaction in Preschools. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Kontos, Susan and Wilcox-Herzog, Amanda. From the ERIC Digest: The quality of the interactions between teachers and young children has long been a topic of discussion among early childhood educators and others concerned with young children's development. It is generally agreed that because so much basic early learning (e.g., language, social competence) occurs through interactive experiences when children are very young, the quality of teacher- child interactions contributes substantially to effects that early group care and preschool education have on children (Bowman, Donovan, & Burns, 2001). Many early childhood teachers enter the field with little education beyond high school and minimal specialized education in child development or early childhood education. Researchers have therefore wondered whether the general level of education, specialized training in early childhood development and education, or both, are related to the quality of teachers' interactions with young children. Many states allow teachers to do their work with little if any specialized education (Phillips, Lande, & Goldberg, 1990). Thus, it is important to know if specialized education in early childhood education is related to teachers' effectiveness on the job. This Digest discusses the research on general and specialized education as factors in teachers' interactions with children. The term teacher is used here to refer to teachers and caregivers for the sake of simplicity.

 urlLink New Copyright Exemptions for Distance Educators: The Technology, Education and Copyright Harmonization (TEACH) Act. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Carrie Russell. It looks at the TEACH Act. From the ERIC Digest: With the recent passage of a new law eagerly-awaited by educators, the same type of copyright protected materials that a teacher would ordinarily use in the physical classroom can now--in general--be used in the digital classroom. The "Technology, Education and Copyright Harmonization (TEACH) Act," which President Bush signed into law on November 2, 2002, amends two sections of the U.S. copyright law that educators rely on when using copyrighted materials in the classroom without prior permission from the copyright holder (Section 110 on exemption for performance and displays and 112 on exemption for ephemeral recordings). TEACH expands existing exemptions to allow for the digital transmission of copyrighted materials, including on Web sites, so they may be "viewed" by enrolled students. However, in order to take advantage of the exemptions, educational institutions must meet specific obligations outlined in the law. This ERIC Digest outlines both the privileges and the requirements of TEACH.

 urlLink What Federal Statistics Reveal about Migrant Farmworkers: A Summary for Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Gary Huang. It examines federal statistics pertaining to migrant farm laborers. From the ERIC Digest: To help educators quickly grasp demographic information and social and economic issues facing migrant farmworkers, this Digest summarizes several recent federal reports. Some reports cover the overall agricultural labor force, using terms such as "hired" or "paid farmworkers," "agricultural workers," "crop workers," or "migrant farmworkers." These terms overlap to a large extent and generally refer to a socially and economically disadvantaged group of Latino migratory farmworkers. We shift terms in this Digest to accommodate definitions used in the following sources: * "National Agricultural Workers Survey (NAWS)," a national survey conducted by the Department of Labor that collects data about paid farmworkers (Samardick, Gabbard, & Lewis, 2000) * "Current Population Survey (CPS)," conducted by the Census Bureau, which includes up-to-date demographic data about farmworkers * "Farm Labor Survey (FLS)," conducted four times a year by the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which gathers information on agricultural occupations, including migrant farmworkers

 urlLink Developing an International Framework for Education in Democracy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bahmueller, Charles F. It looks at how democracy can be taught internationally. From the ERIC Digest: The purpose of the Framework is to create a generic statement on the meaning of democracy that can be used by educators of any country to prepare students for effective and responsible citizenship in a democracy. Thus, the Framework can be a frame of reference for the development of a curriculum in civics and government. The Framework is not intended to be a complete democracy education program. Rather, it presents the universal concepts at the core of the subject, which will be supplemented in various ways by users in different countries and cultures in order to provide context-specific information about their own political history, institutions, and problems. The Framework is not meant to be a textbook for students. It can, however, serve as a resource for the development of textbooks. The initiators of the Framework project have recognized the worldwide democratic stirrings and political movements that have arisen during the post-Cold War era. They have noted, however, that many who profess democracy do not share common understandings of it, which can provide a common basis for communication and action. Now, therefore, is a ripe historical moment to attempt a consensus on what democracy is, and how to implement it, from which educators of any country can decide what should be included in civics programs.

 urlLink Enriquecimiento del horario extra-escolar de los ninos. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translated version of Enriching Children's Out-of-School Time. From the ERIC Digest: La publicacion Quality Standards (Normas de Calidad) del National School-Age Care Alliance (Alianza Nacional del Cuidado para la Edad Escolar, o NSACA) (Roman, 1998) describe las mejores practicas de programas fuera del horario escolar. Las normas de NSACA especifican que los "ninos [deben] tener la oportunidad de participar en actividades de enriquecimiento que pueden fomentar las habilidades basicas y el pensamiento a nivel superior." Ejemplos de actividades de enriquecimiento incluyen el trabajo grupal en proyectos de ciencia, los juegos matematicos y el estudio de plantas y animales ademas de oportunidades de crear un periodico, escribir una obra de teatro, abordar las tareas, utilizar la computadora o participar en grupos o clubes de intereses especiales. Los programas de alta calidad tambien proveen tiempo y espacio para que los ninos desarrollen proyectos y producciones de largo plazo (Roman, 1998). Este Digest examina dos categorias amplias de programas de enriquecimiento--los extracurriculares y de enriquecimiento academico--y discute oportunidades de financiamiento para los programas.

 urlLink Can Education Play a Role in the Prevention of Youth Gangs in Indian Country? One Tribe's Approach. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by A. Hernandez. It examines the issues around youth gangs on Indian reservation. From the ERIC Digest: Poverty, family stress, and school dropout characterize the lives of gang members. More than 70 percent of incarcerated delinquents also have learning disabilities (Morgan, 1979; Murphy, 1986; Stanley & Hudson, 1981) which factor into the chronic truancy, school failure, and alienation that accompany gang involvement (Hernandez, 1998; Huff, 1998). Incarceration among gang members is normative, as are drug use, violence, and criminal activity. The literature has long reported that underlying these negative attributes is a detachment from hope--gang members believe they have nothing to lose. Gang youth seldom finish school, have few prospects for employment, and find conventional opportunities out of their reach (Curry & Spergel, 1988; Hernandez, 1998; Lattimore et al., 1995; Richardson, 2001; Rodriguez, 1993; Thrasher, 1936; Vigil, 1988 & 1989). The sum of handicaps associated with gang involvement has been termed "multiple marginality" by Vigil (1988) and discussed by others (Hillet al., 1999; Loeber & Farrington, 1998; U.S. Department of Justice, 1999), including factors specific to girls (Campbell, 1987; Moore & Hagedorn, 2001).

 urlLink Effective Approaches to Teaching Young Mexican Immigrant Children. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by de Atiles, Julia Reguero and Allexsaht-Snider, Martha. It is about teaching Mexain students in the USA. From the ERIC Digest: Of the 22 million children currently enrolled in schools in the United States, more than 2 million have limited English proficiency (Macias, 2000). Preschoolers and elementary-age children make up the greatest proportion of the immigrant student population. Given these demographic trends, many teachers need support in educating young children from diverse linguistic backgrounds (Soto, 1991). The following review outlines strategies for working with Mexican and other immigrant children. The effectiveness of these research-based approaches has been affirmed by teachers.

 urlLink Identification and Recruitment of Migrant Students: Strategies and Resources. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Melecio, Ray and Hanley, Thomas J. It examines methods for helping migrant students learn. From the ERIC Digest: The first step for the recruiter is to develop a picture of the region's agriculture, processing, and fishing industries to facilitate the search for migrant children. There are many sources for this information: Department of Agriculture. Provides current information on land use, types of crops grown and processed, future harvesting trends, crop expansion (or reduction), and more. State Department of Labor (DOL). Provides information on the whereabouts of farm labor. When farmers use more than a certain number of farm laborers, they are required by law to report this information to the DOL. A list of such farms can be obtained. Cooperative Extension Programs. Provide information on a variety of farm-related issues through county extension agents who visit local farms and through key contacts at land grant colleges and universities. Agriculture faculty at these institutions often can provide valuable insights on changing harvesting trends, use of labor, mechanization of crops, and the human and political implications of these changes. Other Regulatory Agencies. Provide information on regulations they monitor. For example, knowing the state's regulations regarding housing can facilitate finding eligible families by providing answers to questions such as "Is housing provided by the farmer?" or "Is housing adequate for families or for single men?"

 urlLink Nurturing Resilience and School Success in American Indian and Alaska Native Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Strand, Joyce A. and Peacock, Thomas D. It looks at ways to help Indian students at school. From the ERIC Digest: This Digest examines recent literature on factors related to resilience, well-being, and school success for American Indian and Alaska Native students. The characteristics of resilient Native youth; traditional Native ways of fostering resilience; and connections within family, community, and school that foster resilience are considered. Although there are tribal differences in traditional Native ways among the 554 Native American (U.S.) tribes, the focus here is on some commonalities that exist in "shared core values, beliefs, and behaviors" (HeavyRunner & Morris, 1997, p. 1). The authors review findings of a recent study on what Native youth believe parents, teachers, and schools can do to foster resilience. Additional studies that make connections between resilience and Native spirituality and biculturalism are briefly reviewed.

 urlLink Research on Quality in Infant-Toddler Programs. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Alice Honig. It reviews research on quality in baby programs. From the ERIC Digest: The quality in infant-toddler programs is measured by examining structural variables, such as space, number of babies per caregiver, or group size, and by examining process variables, such as the richness of "turn-taking-talk" and the amount of warmth and cuddling between caregivers and babies. Fenichel and colleagues (1999), summarizing strategies synthesized from discussions at the National Leadership Forum on Quality Care for Infants and Toddlers in 1998, identified eight aspects of high-quality infant care: (1) health and safety; (2) small groups of 3 to 4 infants per caregiver; (3) assigning each baby to a primary caregiver; (4) ensuring continuity of care with the same provider over time; (5) caregiver responsivity to infant signals; (6) meeting each infant's needs in group care with a focus on individual learning style and temperament; (7) cultural and linguistic sensitivity; and (8) provision of a physical environment with variety, stimulation, and planned activities. The process variables that have received the most attention in research to date involve the caregiver, including the relationships among turnover, training, and teacher-child interactions. The NCCSS study reported an average annual caregiver turnover rate of 41% across participating centers (Whitebook, Howes, & Phillips, 1990). In addition, less than one-fifth of teachers and assistants had attended two workshops or conferences during the year. Yet research has shown that the number of training workshops and courses in child development attended by teachers is significantly more likely to account for higher-quality interactions between teachers and young children than the number of years that center providers have worked in child care (Honig & Hirallal, 1998). In licensed child care homes with moderate group sizes (averaging around six children), caregiver training or education was a better predictor of child care quality than child-to-adult ratios. Caregivers with training were less detached with the children (Clarke-Stewart et al., 2002). In this research, none of the structural characteristics predicted caregiver sensitivity.

 urlLink Using Culturally and Linguistically Appropriate Assessments To Ensure that American Indian and Alaska Native Students Receive the Special Education Programs and Services They Need. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Tippeconnic, John W., III and Faircloth, Susan C. It looks methods for assessing Indian students. From the ERIC Digest: Use culturally and linguistically appropriate assessments. As discussed, evaluators should develop and use culturally and linguistically appropriate assessments to ensure that AI/AN students receive appropriate educational services (Banks, 1997; Johnson, 1991). Using multiple assessments rather than relying on a single instrument, such as a standardized test, can help to achieve this. Further, when using standardized tests, noting the potential for bias is especially important if the test has not been normed on the population with which it is to be used (Chamberlain & Madeiros-Landurand, 1991; Ishii-Jordan, 1997). Use authentic or performance-based assessments. Educators should explore the use of authentic and performance-based assessments, such as the Learning Record (1), to complement standardized testing. The Learning Record, currently used in a number of BIA-funded schools, has been characterized as "a performance-based assessment system that provides teachers with a structured method of tracking students' academic development and planning instruction to meet students' needs" (Fox, 1999, p. 167). Authentic or performance-based assessments provide students with opportunities to demonstrate knowledge of a particular task or set of tasks and ability to perform the task(s) in a real-life setting (2). Involve parents and families in the assessment process. According to Bordeaux (as cited in Fox, 1999), "the effort to improve cultural relevance of curriculum and assessment must be guided by all stakeholders, including parents and other tribal community members" (p.174). Be aware of and responsive to students cultural and linguistic differences. When assessing AI/AN students, remember that there are more than 500 tribes across the nation, each with its own distinct language and culture.

 urlLink Setting the Agenda: American Indian and Alaska Native Education Research Priorities. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Strang, William, von Glatz, Adrienne, and Hammer, Patricia Cahape. It postulates ideas for what research should be done in Indian education. From the ERIC Digest: This Digest briefly reviews the events that led to the development of the "American Indian and Alaska Native Education Research Agenda" (2001), the basic assumptions and premises underlying it, and the priority research topics it ultimately included, organized within six topic areas. Begun in 1998 under the Clinton administration, the Research Agenda was approved and released during the first year of the Bush administration. Currently it provides a touchstone, guiding a national effort to produce high-quality research focused on effective education practices and ways to implement them in schools and programs serving American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) students.

 urlLink Welfare Reform and Urban Children. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Wendy Schwartz. It looks at reforming welfare for city kids. From the ERIC Digest: The most commonly stated goals of welfare reform, as implemented through the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (PRWORA), are a reduction of the number of individuals receiving financial aid and an increase in the number of people working (Ripke & Crosby, 2002). Supporters also anticipated a variety of benefits for those transitioning from welfare to work and for their families. With the reauthorization of the Federal legislation planned for Spring 2003, researchers are attempting to determine whether welfare reform is having positive developmental and academic effects on the children who lost assistance. They are revisiting the findings from evaluations of pre-PRWORA on welfare-to-work programs and from longitudinal studies of the effects of poverty on children. The researchers are then applying those findings to the circumstances of families impacted by PRWORA. They are also conducting new research on the effects of the Act. This digest, based on the findings of a large variety of studies, reviews the known effects of PRWORA on children to date, and discusses the Act's possible future effects.

 urlLink The Prospects for Education Vouchers after the Supreme Court Ruling. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Clive Belfield. It reviews the legal status of school vouchers after the most recent Supreme Court decision. From the ERIC Digest: In June 2002, newspapers were full of headlines about how the U.S. Supreme Court had approved vouchers for America's schools. In fact, the Supreme Court had only considered the legal status of a small voucher program in Ohio, the Cleveland Scholarship and Tutoring Program. It ruled that the program does not offend the Establishment (of religion) Clause of the U.S. Constitution--even though over 90 percent of the voucher students attended religious schools. The majority opinion was premised primarily on the need to expand school "choice" and the fact that the Cleveland program "is a program of true private choice... neutral in all respects toward religion. It is part of a general and multifaceted undertaking by the State of Ohio to provide educational opportunities to the children of a failed school district" (see Zelman v. Simmons-Harris). Fundamental to public schooling--the Supreme Court decided--should be the right to choose which school to attend. To some commentators, this ruling is "as historic" as the 1954 ruling in Brown vs. Board of Education. It has certainly spurred pro-voucher advocates to launch legal challenges in several other states, including Maine and Washington, with the longer term goal of extending voucher programs across the country. This digest examines the prospects for voucher reforms across the U.S. education system.

 urlLink Bullying in Early Adolescence: The Role of the Peer Group. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Dorothy Espelage. It views the issue of bullies and peer groups. From the ERIC Digest: A recent study in the Journal of the American Medical Association demonstrated the seriousness of bullying in American schools. In a nationally representative sample of over 15,686 students in the United States (grades 6 through 10), 29.9% self-reported frequent involvement in bullying at school, with 13% participating as a bully, 10.9% as a victim, and 6% as both (Nansel et al., 2001). Aggression and violence during childhood and adolescence have been the focus of much research over the past several decades (e.g., Loeber & Hay, 1997; Olweus, 1979). These researchers have found that serious forms of aggression remain relatively stable from childhood through adulthood; however, Loeber and Hay (1997) argue that mild forms of aggression may not begin for some children until early or late adolescence. Despite Loeber and Hay's findings, very little research has been conducted on mild forms of aggression, such as bullying, during the middle years. One notable gap in the evolving literature on bullying and victimization during early adolescence is the role that peers play in promoting bullying and victimization by either reinforcing the aggressor, failing to intervene to stop the victimization, or affiliating with students who bully. This Digest looks at the limited research available on the role of the peer group in bullying to learn more about how bullying and victimization might emerge or continue during early adolescence.

 urlLink Stress and Young Children. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jewett, Jan and Peterson, Karen. It looks at stress and how it impacts little kids. From the ERIC Digest: Traditionally, stress has been defined in terms of its source (e.g., internal and external) (Marion, 2003). Internal sources of stress include hunger; pain; sensitivity to noise, temperature change, and crowding (social density); fatigue; and over- or under-stimulation from one's immediate physical environment. External stressors include separation from family, change in family composition, exposure to arguing and interpersonal conflict, exposure to violence, experiencing the aggression of others (bullying), loss of important personal property or a pet, exposure to excessive expectations for accomplishment, "hurrying," and disorganization in one's daily life events (Bullock, 2002). Although the research literature tends to focus on the impact of single-variable stressors on children's development, in real-life situations, children experience stress from multiple sources. Researchers note that multiple stressors interact with one another and can have cumulative effects (Stansbury & Harris, 2000). This Digest discusses how children experience and adapt to stress, and offers suggestions to teachers and parents on preventing and reducing children's stress.

 urlLink La investigacion sobre la calidad de los programas para ninos de hasta dos anos de edad. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Research on Quality in Infant-Toddler Programs. From the ERIC Digest: La preocupacion sobre la calidad de los programas de cuidado de bebes y ninos de hasta dos anos de edad ha crecido recientemente en respuesta a dos factores. El primero es la necesidad que tienen los padres y madres empleados de cuidado para sus bebes y ninos pequenos. Para el ano 1997, un estudio representativo nacional (Ehrle, Adams y Tout, 2001) documento que el 73% de ninos menores de 3 anos de edad regularmente pasaban tiempo bajo el cuidado de personas que no eran sus padres. El segundo factor es la investigacion que recalca la importancia del desarrollo del cerebro durante los anos tempranos. Sin embargo, el National Child Care Staffing Study (Estudio Nacional del Personal de Cuidado Infantil, o NCCSS) (Whitebook, Howes y Phillips, 1990) de 227 centros de cuidado infantil y preescolar en cinco ciudades grandes, informo que la calidad del cuidado apenas era adecuada. El Cost, Quality, and Outcomes Study Team (Equipo de Estudios de Costos, Calidad y Resultados, 1995, p. 40) reporto respecto a 400 centros, que "la mayoria del cuidado infantil-especialmente para bebes y ninos de hasta dos anos-es mediocre" (vease tambien NICHD Early Child Care Research Network [Red de Investigacion del Cuidado Infantil Temprano], 2002). Este Digest trata sobre algunas de las muchas cuestiones relacionadas con la calidad del cuidado de bebes y ninos de hasta dos anos de edad.

 urlLink Teaching the Declaration of Independence. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by John Patrick. It shows ways that teachers can education students about the Declaration of Independence. From the ERIC Digest: During June and July of 1776, the main question facing the Second Continental Congress at Philadelphia revolved around independence: should the American colonies represented at this Congress declare their separation and freedom from the United Kingdom of Great Britain? After intense debate, the delegates voted on July 2, 1776 in favor of Richard Henry Lee's resolution for independence. On July 4, the Congress discussed and approved, with a few changes, the formal Declaration of Independence written by Thomas Jefferson on behalf of a five-person committee appointed by Congress (Maier 1997; McClellan 1989). During July and August 1776, the Declaration of Independence was printed and distributed throughout the newly proclaimed United States of America. Americans recognized immediately that this document expressed widely held ideas about the proper purposes of government and the rights of individuals. George Mason expressed the same ideas about government and rights in similar words in Articles I-III of the Virginia Declaration of Rights, which was drafted and approved a few weeks before the Declaration of Independence. Many years later Jefferson acknowledged that the Declaration of Independence was "intended to be an expression of the American mind" and not an original or innovative statement (Schechter 1990, 138-145; Spalding 2002, 79).

 urlLink The Asian and Pacific Islander Population in the U.S. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Wendy Schwartz. It reviews the demographics of Asians and Pacific Islanders in the USA. From the ERIC Digest: There are an estimated 12 million Asian and Pacific Islander Americans (APIAs) in the United States, or about 4 percent of the total population (compared with African Americans, at 12 percent, and Latinos, at 11 percent). APIAs comprise one of the fastest growing groups in the nation; over the last decade there was a 69 percent growth in that population, and their number is expected to reach 20 million by 2020. Most APIAs reside in urban areas, but the differences among their various groups are often greater than their similarities. High fertility rates and the immigration of APIAs are major reasons for the anticipated increase in their number. Children are becoming an even more significant proportion of the APIA population, and will constitute an increasingly larger segment of the public school population. Schools will need to become knowledgeable about the unique qualities of APIA students and their families and respond to their special educational and social needs. This digest, drawn from the most recent statistics collected, including 2000 Census data where available, synthesizes information on Asian and Pacific Islander American children and their families. The digest's goal is twofold: (1) to help educators working with this population better understand their backgrounds and living conditions, in order to provide the children with effective educational and other services and to communicate effectively and sensitively with their families; and (2) to help policy makers and program developers equitably allocate resources for these services based on accurate information about local concentrations of APIAs. A bibliography of the sources used here appears at the end of the digest for those interested in obtaining more data.

 urlLink La intimidacion en el comienzo de la adolescencia: La funcion del grupo social. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Bullying in Early Adolescence: The Role of the Peer Group. From the ERIC Digest: Un estudio reciente en el Journal of the American Medical Association (Revista de la Asociacion Medica de Estados Unidos) demostro la seriedad del maltrato de jovenes intimidadores en las escuelas estadounidenses. En una muestra representativa a nivel nacional de mas de 15.686 estudiantes en Estados Unidos del sexto al decimo grado, el 29,9% informo sobre una participacion frecuente en la intimidacion en la escuela, el 13% participando como intimidador, el 10,9% como victima y el 6% como ambos (Nansel et al., 2001). La agresion y la violencia durante la ninez y la adolescencia han sido el enfoque de mucha investigacion en las decadas recientes (por ej., Loeber y Hay, 1997; Olweus, 1979). Estos investigadores han hallado que las formas graves de agresion permanecen relativamente estables desde la ninez hasta la edad adulta; no obstante, Loeber y Hay (1997) sostienen que las formas leves de agresion tal vez no empiecen en algunos ninos hasta el comienzo o final de la adolescencia. A pesar de los hallazgos de Loeber y Hay, las formas leves de agresion, como la intimidacion durante el comienzo de la adolescencia, se han investigado muy poco. Un notable vacio en la literatura que todavia se esta desarrollando sobre la intimidacion y las victimas durante el comienzo de la adolescencia, es el papel que desempenan los companeros en fomentar la intimidacion y el estatus de victima ya sea apoyando al agresor, no interviniendo para poner fin al maltrato a la victima o asociandose con los intimidadores. Este Digest examina la limitada investigacion disponible acerca de la funcion del grupo social en la intimidacion a fin de aprender mas sobre la forma en que el maltrato y el proceso de hacer victima a otro, podrian emerger o continuar durante el comienzo de la adolescencia.

 urlLink La preparacion del maestro y la interaccion entre maestro y nino en programas preescolares. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Teacher Preparation and Teacher-Child Interaction in Preschools. From the ERIC Digest: La calidad de las interacciones entre maestros y ninos pequenos lleva mucho tiempo siendo un tema de discusion entre educadores de la ninez temprana y otros cuyo trabajo tiene que ver con el desarrollo de ninos pequenos. Se concuerda generalmente que, debido a la cantidad de aprendizaje temprano basico (por ej., lenguaje y competencia social) que ocurre mediante experiencias interactivas en los ninos pequenos, la calidad de las interacciones entre maestros y ninos contribuye considerablemente a los efectos en los ninos del cuidado grupal temprano y de la educacion preescolar (Bowman, Donovan y Burns, 2001). Muchos maestros de la ninez temprana entran en este ambito con muy poca educacion despues de la secundaria y un minimo de formacion especializada en desarrollo infantil o en educacion de la ninez temprana. Por lo tanto, los investigadores se han preguntado si el nivel general de educacion academica, de capacitacion especializada en el desarrollo infantil temprano, o de ambas, tiene relacion con la calidad de las interacciones entre maestros y ninos pequenos. Muchos estados permiten que los maestros efectuen su labor con muy poca, o ninguna, educacion especializada (Phillips, Lande y Goldberg, 1990). De ahi que sea importante saber si la formacion especializada en la educacion de la ninez temprana guarda relacion alguna con la eficacia de los maestros en su trabajo. Este Digest discute la investigacion sobre la educacion general y especializada como factores en las interacciones entre maestros y ninos. El termino maestro se utiliza aqui en referencia a maestros y a cuidadores de ninos, para mantener la sencillez.

 urlLink Using School Board Policy To Improve Student Achievement. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Larry Lashway. It looks at how school boards can help students achieve. From the ERIC Digest: Whatever controversies the accountability movement has generated, a decade of standards-based reform has created consensus on at least one point: Student achievement is the ultimate measure of educational value. Teachers, administrators, and policymakers now routinely preface their action plans with the reminder that success is defined in terms of what students learn. For school boards, this mandate presents some challenging questions. In the current reform model, standards are set at the state level and translated into instruction at the school level, leaving an ill-defined mediating role for the district. Moreover, boards have historically taken a low-key, hands-off approach to student learning, reasoning that instructional decisions should be made by professional educators. How can they reconcile this longstanding practice with the demand for aggressive leadership to improve student learning? Some critics have answered that question pessimistically, concluding that boards are not up to the challenge and should be replaced by other forms of governance. However, some board leaders have begun to stake out a leadership role by capitalizing on their traditional responsibility as local policymakers. This Digest describes the nature and potential of those efforts.

 urlLink El estres y los ninos pequenos. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Stress and Young Children. From the ERIC Digest: Historicamente, el estres se ha definido en relacion con su origen (por ej., interno y externo) (Marion, 2003). Origenes internos de estres abarcan el hambre; el dolor; la sensibilidad a ruidos, cambios de temperatura y congestion de personas (densidad social); el cansancio y el exceso o la falta de estimulacion del ambiente fisico inmediato de uno. Factores estresantes externos abarcan la separacion de la familia, un cambio en la composicion familiar, la exposicion a disputas y conflictos interpersonales y a la violencia, el sentir la agresion de otros (la intimidacion), la perdida de propiedad personal importante o de una mascota, la exposicion a expectativas excesivas respecto al logro, el "andar de prisa" y la desorganizacion de los eventos de la vida cotidiana de uno (Bullock, 2002). Aunque la literatura de investigacion suele enfocarse en el impacto de factores estresantes de una sola variable en el desarrollo de ninos, en situaciones de la vida real, ellos experimentan el estres de origenes multiples. Los investigadores notan que factores estresantes multiples interactuan entre si y pueden tener efectos cumulativos (Stansbury y Harris, 2000). Este Digest discute como experimentan y se adaptan al estres los ninos, y ofrece sugerencias a maestros y padres sobre como prevenir y reducir el estres infantil.

 urlLink Trauma and Adult Learning. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Sandra Kerka. It looks at the impact of trauma on adult learning. From the ERIC Digest: Adult learning can often be challenging, and traumatic events add extreme challenges to the learning process. The catalog of sources of trauma is sadly long: psychological or physical abuse, rape, war, forced relocation, diagnosis of a terminal illness, job loss, death or suicide of a loved one, divorce, robbery, natural disasters, and terrorism. Some view poverty, homelessness, and hate crimes as forms of systemic violence that cause trauma (Pearce 1999; Rosenwasser 2000). Much adult education literature focuses on the traumas of women who experience domestic violence or of refugees who come to literacy classes, yet adult learners in all settings and at all levels may have experienced traumatic events that have an impact on learning. Horsman (2000b) notes that trauma and violence are not equivalent, and the use of the terms implies a particular focus: with violence, the focus is on the individual and social agents of trauma and with trauma, on the response of the person experiencing it. This Digest focuses on the individual response to trauma, its effects on learning, and ways in which adult educators can respond.

 urlLink Estrategias para mejorar los resultados academicos para las latinas. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Strategies for Improving the Educational Outcomes of Latinas. From the ERIC Digest: Las experiencias educativas de las latinas se ven complicadas por los retos del alto grado de pobreza de sus comunidades, los problemas planteados por las deficiencias en el conocimiento del ingles, el racismo, y el hostigamiento sexual (Ginorio & Huston, 2001). Pese a estos obstaculos, muchas latinas perseveran y logran obtener exitos escolares; su ingreso a la educacion superior ha ido aumentando marcadamente, aunque en proporcion mucho menor que el de las blancas. Cuando los hijos no requiren ya tanto de sus ciudados, o bien por sugerencia de sus empleadores, algunas latinas regresan a la escuela ya de adultas y de esa forma obtienen acceso a la educacion superior ( S. Saez, Educational Testing Service, en comunicacion personal, 2001). Otras, en edad escolar o universitaria, se topan con muchas dificultades para conciliar la conviccion que el obtener una buena educacion es necesario y el dogma en las comunidades hispanas que colocan las obligaciones familiares ante las aspiraciones personales. Como consecuencia de ello, algunas adolescentes abandonan la escuela o adoptan otras conductas contraproducentes, tales como quedar embarazadas, que afectan aun mas gravemente su futuro. Sea cual fuere la manera en que se enfrentan a estas presiones y retos, las latinas estan rezagadas respecto a otros grupos etnicos en casi todas las mediciones de logros academicos y economicos, y a la vez sufren de mas perturbaciones afectivas (Ginorio & Huston, 2001; The State of Hispanic Girls, 1999). Sin embargo, con la orientacion adecuada de sus educadores, todas las adolescentes latinas podrian conseguir opciones satisfactorias. Existen docenas de programas escolares y extracurriculares, algunos de los cuales exigen la participacion de las familias, que estan dando buenos resultados para las latinas (ver Slavin & Calderon, 2001 y el Iniciativo de la Casa Blanca, 2000 para las descripciones de tales programas). Empero, es de suma importancia que la escuela tome en cuenta no solo la cultura latina en general sino tambien los graves efectos de la pobreza, a fin de satisfacer las necesidades del desarrollo y el aprendizaje de las latinas para asi promover sus logros academicos. Este resumen ofrece una gama de estrategias de utilidad para las escuelas con gran numero de latinas. Estas estrategias son pertinentes sobre todo para las latinas cuyas familias han estado en los Estados Unidos por pocas generaciones, para las mas pobres, con menos conocimientos del ingles, y aisladas culturalmente, aun cuando todas las latinas podrian beneficiarse de ellas.

 urlLink Class Size Reduction and Urban Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Wendy Schwartz. It looks at how city students can benefit from smaller classes. From the ERIC Digest: Researchers have long investigated whether smaller classes improve student achievement. Their conclusions suggest that class size reduction (CSR) can result in greater in-depth coverage of subject matter by teachers, enhanced learning and stronger engagement by students, more personalized relationships between teachers and students, and safer schools with fewer discipline problems (Cohen, Miller, Stonehill, & Geddes, 2000; Hertling, Leonard, Lumsden, & Smith, 2000; Thompson & Cunningham, 2001). Thus, in 1999 Congress began appropriating funds so that schools could hire additional teachers and invest in other CSR measures. Federal CSR funds for the 2001-2 school year totaled $1.6 billion, and allocations are now included in the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 (Class Size Reduction, 2002). About half of the states have begun to reduce the size of their kindergarten through third grade classes, the grades shown to be most sensitive to the positive effects of small classes (Hertling et al., 2000). One of the main goals of CSR is closing the achievement gap between white middle-class students and poor students of color. Several states have undertaken major CSR initiatives, and these efforts have been rigorously evaluated to determine their costs and effects on students, teachers, and the education system as a whole. This digest briefly reviews recent research findings on the CSR experience and summarizes researchers recommendations for program improvements.

 urlLink Interactive Language Learning on the Web. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Sally Morrison. It reviews sites on the Web relating to learning a language. From the ERIC Digest: The wealth of information available on the Web affords teachers and learners access to language learning resources like never before. Online journals, listservs, newspapers, and magazines provide authentic material for language learners, while teachers can find lesson plans and ideas, exercises, assessment tools, and other materials for use in their classes. The World Wide Web's capability for interactivity makes it especially exciting as a resource for language teaching and learning. Online language tutorials, exercises, and tests are available to anyone who has access to the Web. This accessibility makes Web-based language learning activities quite attractive to both instructors and learners. Teachers can even create their own interactive language learning activities on the Web, which allows them to tailor the activities to suit their own courses and students. This digest discusses some of the advantages and challenges for teachers who want to design their own interactive Web-based language learning activities, describes some of the activities produced by language teachers that are already available on the Web, and provides guidelines and resources to help teachers create Web-based activities of their own.

 urlLink The Effects of Competition on Educational Outcomes. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Clive Beltfield. It looks at whether competition makes schools peform better. From the ERIC Digest: Competition exists when multiple providers of a service, who all must adhere to the same legal rules and regulations, are available to meet the demands of consumers. In economic theory, when there is more competition among providers, prices consumers pay for services are lower. In addition, suppliers must accept lower profits, resulting in the survival of only the most efficient ones. In the education sector, where "consumers" are parents/children and "suppliers" are schools/districts, theoretically, more competition should translate into higher quality schooling and enhanced educational outcomes. This Digest reviews the sizeable body of literature that examines the relationship between competition and quality. It looks at various measures of competition, and considers a range of outcomes that might be enhanced. It also evaluates the reliability and validity of this evidence. Finally, the Digest makes some policy recommendations. The research reviewed here examines competition among U.S. schools and school districts. The research spans thirty years, from 1972 to 2002, and includes only studies with an explicit measure of competition. Essentially, the review focuses on the link between educational outcomes and competitive pressures across geographical areas, and it uses large-scale cross-sectional datasets. This yields 41 distinct empirical papers, employing over 400 individual tests.

 urlLink The Impact of Work-Based Learning on Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Wonacott. It deals with work-based learning. From the ERIC Digest: Typically, studies of approaches to CTE integrating WBL with traditional academics do not attempt to isolate the effects of different components of the approach on the outcomes examined; consequently, conclusions are not and cannot be drawn on the impact of WBL activities per se. However, studies that do address the specific effects of WBL report an association between the extent or intensity of WBL activities and poorer school performance. Haimson and Bellotti (2001), for example, reported that STW students holding internships--or jobs--and working more than 20 hours per week have slightly lower GPAs than other students. Kaufman et al. (2000) found that HSTW schools in which more students participated in work-based internships or vocational teachers spent more time using outside experts to evaluate student work showed slight but statistically significant decreases in academic achievement. Both studies clearly state the caveat that poorer academic achievement may result from preexisting factors; nevertheless, they recommended caution in implementing WBL. This recommendation echoed the traditional wisdom about the effects of working during high school (reviewed in Stern 1997). Although findings vary, most agree that students who worked intensively (i.e., 15-20 hours per week or more) tended to have lower grades, do less homework, be more likely to drop out, and be less likely to complete postsecondary education. These costs must be balanced against such benefits as immediate earnings, increased likelihood of employment and higher earnings in the short term after high school, and a long-term increase in positive orientation to work. However, that conventional wisdom has been brought into question in an analysis (Warren et al. 2000) of data from the National Education Longitudinal Study of 1988, a survey of a nationwide sample of students who were eighth-graders in 1998. Warren et al. used a simultaneous equation model to investigate both short-term and long-term effects and the possibility of a reciprocal relationship between employment of any kind--WBL or otherwise--during high school and grades in academic courses. Researchers found no evidence that working during high school affected grades in academic courses either in the short term (i.e., during the same academic year) or in the long term (two academic years later) or that students' grades affected their employment activities. Instead, researchers found that preexisting differences between students who worked intensively and those who did not (in socioeconomic status, grades, academic achievement, postsecondary education aspirations, and curriculum track) accounted for the association between employment intensity and grades in academic courses.

 urlLink Professional Development for Career Educators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Bettina Lankard Brown. It reviews ways that career educators can continue to improve themselves. From the ERIC Digest: Career education is intended to prepare students for a variety of career and life roles, empowering them to construct their own career destinies and encouraging them to recognize how various events and innovations can lead to multiple careers over their lifetimes (CAREER GUIDANCE AND COUNSELLING 2000). This is not an easy task for career educators who, in response to ongoing school improvement initiatives, must embrace new philosophies and implement practices designed to engage an increasingly diverse student population in meaningful, active learning and prepare them with the skills they need to make successful school-to-career and career-to-career transitions. To direct student learning for workplace readiness, career educators must understand contemporary career development theories such as Social Cognitive Career Theory, cognitive information processing theory, contextual learning theory, and the values-based approach to career development (Beale 2001). These theories address the many ways that individuals develop new knowledge and use information to make decisions and solve problems. "An understanding of these theories and the contributions that each makes toward defining developmental periods, stages, and needs" must be accompanied by techniques for putting these theories into practice (Beale 2001, p. 4). Because some of these practices will be new and continually evolving in focus and design, career educators need ongoing education and training in order to engage in teaching and learning practices that support these career development theories and to assume the new roles that have become requirements for career educators: coach, collaborator, business partner, and technology advocate.

 urlLink Mental Retardation: Update 2002. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jack Hourcade. It updates what has been learned about mental retardation. From the ERIC Digest: Mental retardation is a complex phenomenon, and fundamental beliefs about it regularly change over time. Mainstream professional thought today conceptualizes it as a statement about an individual's present level of functioning, with two primary features: * Limitations in intelligence * Limitations in adaptive behavior.

 urlLink Teaching about Judicial Review. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by John Patrick. It deals with educating students about judicial review. From the ERIC Digest: Judicial review is a fundamental facet of constitutional government in the United States of America. Invented by Americans during the founding of the United States, judicial review has spread to most constitutional democracies of the world. This Digest discusses (1) the concept of judicial review, (2) the origin of this concept, (3) the uses of this concept in U.S. constitutional government, (4) teaching points on judicial review, and (5) World Wide Web sites for teaching and learning about judicial review.

 This is another list of Pre-1992 ERIC Digests: ed276307&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Foreign Language and International Studies High Schools. ed277601&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Nature of Geographic Literacy. ed277654&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Importance of the Educational Resources Information Center for Health and Physical Education Teacher Candidates. ed277655&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Importance of the Educational Resources Information Center for Teacher Candidates. ed277685&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teacher Certification. ed278255&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink What Is Linguistics? ed278380&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Museums and Schools as Partners. ed278381&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Plugging in to Computer Bulletin Boards. ed278416&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Administrative Issues in Planning a Library End User Searching Program. ed278602&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching about Africa. ed278657&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Evaluation of Teachers. ed278658&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Evaluation of Student Teachers. ed279205&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Parent Involvement and the Education of Limited-English-Proficient Students. ed279206&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Limited-English-Proficient Students in the Schools: Helping the Newcomer. ed279634&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Misassignment of Teachers in the Public Schools. ed279642&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teacher Educators: What Do We Know? ed279643&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink AIDS: Are Children at Risk? ed279644&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Drug Abuse: Prevention Strategies for Schools. ed279991&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Career Guidance, Families and School Counselors. ed279992&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Helping Children Cope with Divorce: The School Counselor's Role. ed279993&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Elderly Parents and Adult Children as Caregivers. ed279994&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Counseling Roles and AIDS. ed279995&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Issues in Multicultural Counseling. ed281607&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Screening for School Entry. ed281608&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Training Day Care Providers. ed281610&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Development of Social Competence in Children. ed282091&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Collaboration in Adult Education. Overview. ed282092&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Effective and Ethical Recruitment of Vocational Education Students. Overview. ed282093&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Parents' Role in Transition for Handicapped Youth. Overview. ed282094&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Reducing the Dropout Rate through Career and Vocational Education. Overview. ed282095&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Articulation between Secondary or Postsecondary Vocational Education Programs and Proprietary Schools. Overview. ed282346&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink School Consolidation. ed282347&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Dropout Prevention. ed282348&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Home Schooling. ed282349&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Communicable Diseases in the Schools. ed282350&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Choice in the Public Schools. ed282351&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Day Care in Schools. ed282352&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teacher Tenure. ed282776&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Science Misconceptions Research and Some Implications for the Teaching of Science to Elementary School Students. ed282796&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching about Japan. ed282860&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink So You Want To Be a Teacher. ed284272&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Fostering Cognitive Development in College Students--The Perry and Toulmin Models.

 urlLink Model Early Foreign Language Programs: Key Elements. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Douglas Gilzow. It examines some elements that many foreign language programs share. From the ERIC Digest: Schools and school districts across the United States are establishing and expanding foreign language programs. Although most programs are found at the secondary school level, an increasing number are being established in elementary schools. A survey by the Center for Applied Linguistics indicates that 31% of U.S. elementary schools are offering foreign language instruction, up from 22% a decade ago (Rhodes & Branaman, 1999). In the late 1990s, the U.S. Department of Education funded an effort to identify early foreign language programs that could serve as models for schools or districts interested in establishing or enhancing early-start, long-sequence foreign language programs. Seven model programs were identified through a nomination and selection process informed by the national standards for foreign language education and by research on effective language instruction for elementary and middle school students (Curtain & Pesola, 1994; National Standards in Foreign Language Education Project, 1999). The programs selected met specified criteria in the areas of curriculum, outcomes, ongoing evaluation, coordination with content areas, articulation from elementary to secondary school, accessibility, student diversity, professional development opportunities, and community support. Although the seven programs represent a range of program models and instructional strategies, they had a number of critical elements in common. This digest describes these elements, which are deemed key to the long-term success of early foreign language programs.

 urlLink The Business of Vocational Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jamie Hennigan. It reviews ways that the business sector can cooperate with vocational education programs. From the ERIC Digest: Businesses and education, once seen as competing enterprises, and at times, fundamental enemies, have recently begun to embrace one another to create a more holistic, well-rounded education that satisfies both the demands for skilled employees as well as knowledgeable, or intellectually capable citizens. Vocational education, for example, has undergone consistent reform in the last decade to satisfy the demands of public, corporate, and government sectors that hold community colleges accountable. Perhaps the most notable element of change has been the active participation of businesses in developing and implementing initiatives in vocational education programs. This digest, drawn from "The New Vocationalism in Community Colleges" (New Directions for Community Colleges, fall 2001), explores various ways in which business has joined with educational institutions to improve vocational education efforts.

 urlLink The Economic Outcomes of Community College Attendance. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Alyssa Bryant. It examines the money befefits that community college attendees often experience. From the ERIC Digest: Relative to high school graduates, those who attain associate degrees or complete some college (at least 30 units) earn more money (Grubb, 1999). Overall, high school graduates earned a mean salary of $22,895 in 1997 compared to $26,235 for students with some college or an associate degree; this represents almost a fifteen percent increase from one level to the next (Phillippe & Patton, 2000). Grubb (1999) makes the following points: * Clearly there are returns for students who complete associate degrees, though the rate of return for certificate or credential completers is less clear because the data are not always available. * The economic benefits of completing twelve credits or less at the community college are insignificant. * Economic benefits may take a few years beyond program completion to materialize. Overall, the data indicate that the community college offers economic advancement over and above the high school diploma.

 urlLink Transforming Principal Preparation. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Larry Lashway. It looks at ways principals can be trained for their roles. From the ERIC Digest: As standards-based school reform nears its twentieth anniversary, policymakers continue to assert the need for strong principal leadership, and with good reason. Virtually every state, as well as the federal government, puts accountability for results directly at the school level. New principals who took over a school this year faced a dramatically different environment than principals just five years ago. Facing new roles and heightened expectations, principals require new forms of training, and university preparation programs are coming under increased scrutiny. In particular, the demand that principals have a positive impact on student achievement challenges traditional assumptions, practices, and structures in leadership preparation programs. Dissatisfied practitioners, policy- makers, and professors have a long history of taking potshots at programs they see as unimaginative, overly theoretical, and impervious to reform. However, the recent activity goes beyond the usual carping and tinkering with course content. The unrelenting pressure of standards-based reform is stirring major changes in recruitment, curriculum, and licensure. This Digest examines some of those changes.

 urlLink Narrative and Stories in Adult Teaching and Learning. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Marsha Rossiter. It examines the use of stories in teaching adults. From the ERIC Digest: Narrative and stories in education have been the focus of increasing attention in recent years. The idea of narrative is fertile ground for adult educators who know intuitively the value of stories in teaching and learning. Narrative is deeply appealing and richly satisfying to the human soul, with an allure that transcends cultures, centuries, ideologies, and academic disciplines. In connection with adult education, narrative can be understood as an orientation that carries with it implications for both method and content. This Digest presents a brief overview of a narrative orientation to teaching and learning and then explores how stories and autobiographical writing promote learning.

 urlLink Welfare-to-Work Programs: Strategies for Success. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Kim Peterson. It reviews educational programs that are geared towards getting people off of welfare and into the workforce. From the ERIC Digest: The passage of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act (PRWORA) in 1996 has significantly altered the role of community colleges in welfare-related education and training. Welfare reform now limits the time that welfare recipients can collect benefits, and puts strong pressures on them to find employment. PRWORA's work-first focus has led most community colleges to adopt shorter-term training programs that emphasize rapid employment (Szelenyi). Though studies have established that these work-first focused programs speed up welfare recipient's entry into the labor market, they usually do not lead to jobs that are long lasting or well paying (Brock, Matus-Grossman, & Hamilton). Community college welfare-to-work programs today face two often-conflicting goals: helping welfare recipients quickly obtain employment and helping welfare recipients obtain the education necessary to gain the types of employment opportunities that lead to permanent economic self-sufficiency. This Digest, drawn from "The Community College Role in Welfare to Work" (New Directions for Community Colleges, Winter 2001), focuses on how community college welfare-to-work programs can assist welfare recipients in overcoming barriers to success, emphasizing especially the strategies that welfare-to-work programs have implemented to enhance program completion, job retention, and educational advancement.

 urlLink Serving Students with Disabilities at the Community College. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Mary Prentice. It shows ways that disabled students can be better served at community colleges. From the ERIC Digest: People with disabilities make up the single largest minority group in the United States. Over the past ten years the traditional profile of disabled persons as older, poorer, less educated and less likely to be employed has begun to change. This is due in part to a "dramatic increase" in the number of students with disabilities who are seeking higher education (Smith, 1998). This increase is attributed to, among other things, enhanced technology, expanded support service programs, and higher expectations of what students with disabilities can accomplish. A majority of these students have turned to two-year colleges for their educational needs; of the students with disabilities in higher education institutions in 1997-1998, fifty-five percent were enrolled in community colleges (Lewis and Ferris, 1999). To begin serving students with disabilities, college personnel must require documentation of the disability so that appropriate services can be arranged. Once a student has indicated that he or she may need assistance, an assortment of curricular, pedagogical, and technological services can be offered in a variety of configurations. Norris and Vasquez (1998) and Smith (1998) detail these services as follows: * Curricular: special course groupings and faculty training on strategies that faculty can use to integrate students with disabilities into their classrooms. * Pedagogical: providing oral testing, tutors, sign language interpreters, readers, note-takers, and extended testing time * Technological: books on tape, assistive computer technology, tape recorders, and magnifying devices.

 urlLink ERICDigests.org - Providing full-text access to ERIC Digests. This is another list of pre-1992 ERIC Digests. ed269137&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Parents and Schools. ed269406&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Current Developments in Teacher Induction Programs. ed269407&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Components of Good Teacher Induction Programs. ed269809&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Humanities in the English Classroom. ed270101&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink ERIC for Practitioners. ed270102&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Microcomputer Courseware Evaluation Sources. ed270103&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Videodiscs in Education. ed270104&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Videotex 1985: Educational Applications. ed270138&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Should Your College Start a Center for the Delivery of Contract&nbsp; Training Programs? ed270180&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Approaches to Staff Development for Part-Time Faculty. ed270527&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Increasing Minority Participation in the Teaching Profession. ed270782&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching English to the Gifted Student. ed270783&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Issues Affecting High School Literature Programs. ed271162&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Assessing the Employment Experiences of Community College Vocational Program Graduates. ed271477&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teacher Mentoring. ed272248&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Community College Professor: Teacher and Scholar. ed272258&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Writing Instruction in the Two-Year College. ed272432&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Critical Thinking in the Social Studies. ed272699&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink On Second Thought: Using New Cognitive Research in Vocational Education. Overview. ed272700&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Managing Disruptive Student Behavior in Adult Basic Education. Overview. ed272701&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Adult Education Teacher's Role in Career Planning. Overview. ed272702&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Family Influences on Employment and Education. Overview. ed272855&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Television Viewing and Reading. ed272922&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Invented Spelling and Spelling Development. ed272923&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Handwriting Instruction: What Do We Know? ed273397&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Career Education Counseling for Migrant Students. ed273539&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching about Ethnic Diversity. ed273608&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Accreditation. ed273718&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Black Students and Private Schooling. ed274512&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Research in College Science Teaching: Cognitive Levels and Reasoning. ed274513&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Science-Technology-Society in the Science Curriculum. ed274582&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Improving the Use of Elementary Social Studies Textbooks. ed274611&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink How To Plan And Implement Successful Social Studies Inservice Programs. ed275792&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Teaching Writing to Linguistically Diverse Students. ed275887&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Granting Academic Credit for Vocational Education. Overview. ed275888&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Correctional Education: Selected Aspects. Overview. ed275889&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Deterrents to Participation in Adult Education. Overview. ed276301&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Exploratory Foreign Language Courses in the Middle or Junior High School. ed276302&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Foreign Language Teacher Certification. ed276304&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink The Need for Foreign Language Competence in the United States. ed276305&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink Personal Benefits of Foreign Language Study. ed276306&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; urlLink ESL Teacher Certification.

 urlLink Trends in Community College Financing: Challenges of the Past, Present, and Future. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Linda Strauss. It looks at the history and future of community college funding. From the ERIC Digest: Like all sectors of post-secondary education, community colleges face the challenge of generating sufficient revenue to uphold their missions. Many community colleges began as extensions of secondary schools, supported by public school budgets. In 1918, local funds provided 94% of community college income. This model proved insufficient, and state revenue, tuition and fees, federal funds, and gifts and grants quickly became contributors to community college revenues stream. Specifically, by the 1960's state appropriations became the major source of revenue, accounting for 34% of income. (National Center for Education Statistics, 1994). However, individual states vary in these percentages (Cohen & Brawer, 1996). During the 1980's, funding shifted from state and local support. In 1980, state support was 70%. By 1996, it had fallen to 50% (Merisotis & Wolanin, 2000). Of this remaining percentage, less was direct appropriations and more was distributed via funding formulas and performance indicators.

 urlLink Using Call-and-Response To Facilitate Language Mastery and Literacy Acquisition among African American Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michele Foster. It examines methods for helping black students learn language. From the ERIC Digest: Despite three decades of research on African American English (AAE), educational workshops aimed at improving the academic achievement, particularly the literacy achievement, of African American students still emphasize differences between Standard English and African American English. One result is that teachers may overlook the linguistic resources of their African American students. A challenge for the research community now is to investigate how features of African American English might be used instructionally. Several researchers have noted teachers' use of call-and-response--rapid verbal interaction between speaker and listener that has its origins in religious tradition--in classrooms composed of African American students. This digest presents a working definition of call-and-response, discusses relevant research on the use of this interactional strategy for instructional purposes, and presents examples from an ongoing study of elementary school classrooms to illustrate some of the fundamental, explanatory dimensions of this discourse pattern.

 urlLink Theoretical Perspectives, Research Findings, and Classroom Implications of the Learning Styles of American Indian and Alaska Native Students. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Hilberg, R. Soleste and Tharp, Roland G. From the ERIC Digest: Although research on learning styles has found variation between cultural groups in styles of learning (e.g., Park, 2001; Zhang & Sternberg, 2001), great variation has also been found within groups (e.g., Nuby & Oxford, 1998). These findings suggest that even in classrooms consisting exclusively of a single cultural group, as is the case in many reservation schools, teachers must use a variety of instructional strategies. Effective teaching requires teaching individuals. This Digest begins with a brief discussion of two prominent definitions of learning styles and then describes studies that have found differences between the learning styles of American Indian students and students of other cultural groups. The Digest then presents instructional interventions stemming from learning styles research.

 urlLink Teacher Education at the Community College: Partnership and Collaboration. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Robin Allen. It looks at the possibility of community colleges providing teacher education training. From the ERIC Digest: The U.S. Department of Education predicts that nearly 40% of public school teachers will retire within the next few years. This prospect, coupled with a dramatic rise in school enrollments, means that the United States can anticipate hiring two million new elementary and secondary teachers in the next decade (Stroup, 2002). Therefore, many states, and many institutions of higher education, are exploring new possibilities for recruiting, training, and retaining teachers. Community colleges in particular are examining their role in helping to meet the need for teachers in their own communities, and at least 20 states are looking to community colleges to help train teachers (Evelyn, 2002). These institutions have large pools of students from which prospective teachers can be recruited, and for many of those students, community colleges are their first exposure to higher education. Further, educators have concluded that teacher preparation is consistent with the community-based and student-centered missions of two-year colleges (Bragg, 1998). This digest will describe where the need for new teachers is greatest and discuss some examples of innovative programs already in place at community colleges across the country.

 urlLink Helping Students with Disabilities Participate in Standards-Based Mathematics Curriculum. ERIC/OSEP Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Cynthia Warger. It looks at methods for helping disabled students learn math better. From the ERIC Digest: The bar on what students with disabilities are expected to learn was raised by the 1997 Amendments to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA), which emphasize students' participation and progress in the general education curriculum. Navigating the general education math curriculum has become a key to student success. The mathematics curriculum has changed over the last 20 years due to educational reforms driven by standards. A significant element driving this change is the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics (NCTM) Principles and Standards for School Mathematics (first published in 1989 and revised in 2000), which focus on conceptual understanding and problem solving rather than procedural knowledge or rule-driven computation. Most states and districts have used the NCTM Standards to some degree in revamping their mathematics curricula. [For more information, visit the NCTM web site at http://standards.nctm.org.] The challenge for teachers is to provide effective math instruction to students with disabilities so they can meet the high standards set for what all students must be able to know and do mathematically. Unfortunately, many students with disabilities experience difficulties with the reformed math curriculum. As University of Maryland researchers Paula Maccini and Joe Gagnon have found, students may have difficulty processing and distinguishing relevant information, have deficits in computational skills, or lack reasoning and problem-solving skills. But with the right support, students with disabilities can succeed in a higher level math curriculum.

 urlLink Instructional Models for Early Childhood Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is written by Susan Golbeck. It examines different instructional models that are often used when teaching little kids. From the ERIC Digest: What is the best approach for teaching young children? No question could be more pressing as teachers, researchers, and policy makers strive to make sure all children are "ready to learn." Yet, as of now, there is no definitive answer. This Digest discusses the existing knowledge base on the differential effects of various approaches to early education. Concurrently, the field eagerly anticipates results from the recently funded Preschool Curriculum Evaluation Research initiative, which will use randomized trials to examine a variety of preschool curricular approaches.

 urlLink The Superintendent in an Age of Accountability. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Larry Lashway. It reviews the job of the superintendent in a world of raised accountability. From the ERIC Digest: To outsiders, the role of the school superintendent has always been a little mystifying. Most people can explain that the superintendent is the ultimate "person in charge," but what superintendents actually do remains vague. In truth, superintendents themselves may sometimes wonder. Their once imposing authority has eroded considerably in the last several decades. State and federal policymakers have not hesitated to impose major mandates on districts, and a variety of special-interest groups have become assertive about advancing their agenda through the schools. Parents and teachers are more inclined to demand a seat at the decision-making table, and a growing number of charter schools are public but not fully answerable to the district. Most of all, standards-based accountability has made reform not just the trademark of progressive superintendents but a minimum expectation for the job. How are superintendents responding to their changed environment? What leadership strategies are they using? Is the superintendency in a state of crisis, as some assert, or is it just adapting to fit the times? This Digest examines those questions.

 urlLink Liderazgo para la cultura escolar (Leadership for School Culture). ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Leadership for School Culture. From the ERIC Digest: El campo de la educacion no tiene una definicion clara y consistente de cultura escolar. El termino se ha usado junto con una gran cantidad de conceptos, tales como "clima", "ethos", y "saga" (Deal 1993). El concepto de cultura en educacion proviene del area corporativa, con la idea de que brindaria orientacion para un ambiente de aprendizaje mas eficiente y estable. Los academicos han estadon discutiendo el significado de la palabra cultura por siglos. El destacado antropologo Clifford Geertz (1973) ha efectuado una gran contribucion a nuestra comprension actual del termino. Para Geertz la cultura representa "un patron de significado transmitido historicamente". Esos patrones de significado se expresan tanto (explicitamente) a traves de simbolos como implicitamente en nuestras creencias dadas por sentadas. Una revision de la literatura sobre la cultura escolar nos dice mucho sobre la perspectiva de Geertz. Terrence E. Deal y Kent D. Peterson (1990) dicen que la definicion de cultura incluye "profundos patrones de valores, creencias, y tradiciones que se han formadas a lo largo de la historia (de la escuela)". Paul E. Heckman (1993) nos recuerda que la cultura de la escuela yace en "las creencias compartidas por profesores, estudiantes y directores". Estas definiciones van mas alla de la tarea de crear un ambiente de aprendizaje eficiente. Se enfocan mas en los valores medulares que son necesarios para ensenar e influir en las mentes jovenes.

 urlLink Manejo de riesgo. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Risk Management. (And Happy New Year!) From the ERIC Digest: La conduccion habitual de los asuntos escolares esta acompanada hoy en dia por riesgos que eran raros o desconocidos hace algunas decadas. La guerra de pandillas y el trafico de drogas llegan al terreno de la propiedad escolar. Las armas de fuego a menudo intensifican los desacuerdos que se tienen en el patio de la escuela hasta convertirlos en verdaderos asuntos de vida o muerte. Los costos de seguros de salud y los litigios que alcanzan altos precios amenazan los bienes financieros del distrito. Las escuelas tambien deben ajustarse a un creciente numeros de normas de gobierno, muchas de las cuales requieren de gastos adicionales, creandose nuevas areas de responsabilidad. Manejo de riesgo, un concepto durante mucho tiempo usado en toma de decisiones que se toman en conjunto, puede ayudar a las juntas escolares y a administradores confrontados por estos desafios a conservar los bienes que le pertenecen al distrito que representan.

 urlLink The 2001 National Assessment of Educational Progress in Geography. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Joe Stoltman. It examines the results of the 2001 NAEP in Geography examine. From the ERIC Digest: The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) in geography is a periodic survey of geographic knowledge and skill of students at grades four, eight, and twelve. NAEP is administered by the National Center for Educational Statistics (NCES) in the United States Department of Education's Office of Educational Research and Improvement (OERI). The first NAEP in geography was conducted in 1994 and the second in 2001. Like the first assessment, the second assessment probed students' ability to recall, understand, analyze, and interpret geographic information. Students were also required to apply geography content to the completion of various practical tasks. Educators and researchers can evaluate progress in geography education by comparing the 2001 data with that from the 1994 NAEP in geography. Such information is important for several reasons, two of which are paramount. First, by comparing the 1994 and 2001 results, educators and researchers can evaluate the changes in geography education between the first and second administration of the assessment. This longitudinal information is important for both teachers and policy makers as they evaluate the effects of school reform on student progress in geography. Second, the 2001 administration is a snapshot of performance in geography at a single point in time by a national sample of students in grades four, eight, and twelve. This information will enable educators and researchers to evaluate whether or not children in the United States are developing the geographic skills and knowledge essential for effective participation in the economic and political activities of the nation. This Digest discusses: (1) the framework of the 2001 NAEP in geography, (2) the findings, (3) comparisons of the 1994 and 2001 national assessments in geography, and (4) conclusions about the significance and usefulness of the national assessment for the teaching of geography.

 urlLink Developing Social Competence for All Students. ERIC/OSEP Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Vincent, Claudia G., Horner, Robert H., and Sugai, George. It shows ways to help students become more socially competent. From the ERIC Digest: Schools are under pressure to create safe, orderly and effective learning environments where students acquire social as well as academic skills that will allow them to succeed in school and beyond. This pressure has emerged from real disciplinary challenges combined with wariness of school violence sensationalized in the media (Lewis & Sugai, 1999; Sugai et al., 2000; Walker, Nishioka, Zeller, Bullis, & Sprague, 2001; Walker & Shinn, 2002). At the same time, teachers, parents, and administrators report more and more time consumed by disciplinary measures intended to correct students' antisocial behaviors (Skiba & Peterson, 2000). Traditional punishment and exclusion may provide a short-lived reprieve from disciplinary problems, but research has shown that in the long term, punishment and exclusion are ineffective and can lead to renewed incidents of disruption and escalating behaviors (Mayer, 1999). Over the last two decades, school populations have become increasingly diverse. Children sharing the same classroom come from a broad range of cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds. Schools face the challenge of creating environments that are sensitive to a myriad of individual backgrounds and support all students' social and academic success. They can no longer afford to focus exclusively on delivering academic curricula; they are also responsible for establishing and maintaining socio-cultural microcosms that teach children to negotiate the diverse values and social norms of a pluralistic society. This digest describes the challenges of social skills instruction and provides three strategies to improve all students' social competence. Social skills are crucial for mutually productive interactions and durable interpersonal relationships. Children benefit not only socially, but also academically, when appropriate behaviors increase their access to instructional time. We emphasize the importance of teaching individual social skills within the context of establishing a school-wide culture of social competence. The success of teachers and administrators in helping students develop social competence depends on their ability to (a) develop a school-wide culture of social competence, (b) infuse the curriculum with situation-specific social skills lessons that target key behaviors, and (c) match the level and intensity of instruction to students' social skills deficits (Gresham, 1998; Sugai & Lewis, in press).

 urlLink Pueden las reducciones no afectar la viabilidad de los programas escolares? This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Can Cutbacks Leave School Programs Viable? From the ERIC Digest: Luego de la recesion de comienzos de los anos noventa, la industria estadounidense redujo sus operaciones, dejando solo el personal suficiente para trabajar en las areas basicas. Del mismo modo, la mayoria de las escuelas publicas, debido a las necesidades financieras, han tenido que reducir costos, aunque mantienen instalaciones y programas de instruccion esenciales, asi como la responsabilidad con respecto a los logros de los alumnos. La reduccion de la escuela puede significar tomar dolorosas decisiones sobre eliminacion de programas y reduccion de personal. Cuando todas las opciones se han agotado, ?Que se puede hacer?. Como en la poda de un huerto, la reduccion en las escuelas se puede usar con cierta ventaja, descubrir y reducir programas de beneficio limitado, desarrollar programas de instruccion mas focalizados y defendibles, reunir informacion detallada sobre los esfuerzos del personal de distrito y utilizar ideas del personal para ahorrar costos.

 urlLink Las estrategias de un lider. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of The Strategies of a Leader. From the ERIC Digest: Los geologos nos dicen que cada miles de anos el campo magnetico de la tierra se invierte; compases que hoy apuntan al norte algun dia lo haran hacia el sur. Algo similar ocurre con el liderazgo en las escuelas, aunque el ciclo se mide en simples decadas. Hace diez anos, se le pidio a los directores que se convirtieran en "lideres de la instruccion" ejerciendo un firme control al fijar metas, mantener la disciplina, y evaluar resultados. Hoy se les pide que sean "lideres facilitadores" creando equipos, elaborando redes y "gobernando desde el centro". Lynn Beck y Joseph Murphy (1993) observaron que las metaforas sobre el liderazgo escolar han cambiado frecuentemente a traves de los anos; tan pronto como los lideres escolares han asimilado un enfoque dado, parece que se les pide tomar una direccion diferente.

 urlLink Prevencion de la violencia en las escuelas. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of School Violence Prevention. From the ERIC Digest: Ochenta y nueve por ciento de los encuestados en 700 ciudades y pueblos analizados por la Liga Nacional de Ciudades (National League of Cities)en 1994 dijeron que la violencia en las escuelas es un problema en su comunidad (Randy Arndt 1994). Los investigadores han identificado varias causas principales para el aumento del comportamiento violento, causas tan entrelazadas que intentar enfocarse en una, mientras se pasa por alto la otra, crea el riesgo de fracaso total. La pobreza, el racismo, el desempleo, el abuso de drogas, el facil acceso a las armas, las practicas de los padres que son abusivas o inadecuadas y la frecuente exposicion a la violencia a traves de los medios de comunicacion son todos elementos responsables de esta situacion (National Association for the Education of Young Children 1993). Las tacticas para tratar con esta creciente violencia de la juventud han sido en su mayoria unidimensionales, basandose en la remocion del ofensor mediante su suspension o relegacion fuera de la sala principal de clases. Esto puede proteger a otros alumnos; sin embargo, ha sido probada inadecuada para prevenir que los ninos desarrollen carreras criminales. Tanto educadores como sicologos estan viendo la prevencion del comportamiento violento como una respuesta mas efectiva y mas humana para este problema multidimensional (Hill Walker 1994).

 urlLink Liderazgo visionario. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Visionary Leadership. From the ERIC Digest: Cuando algun historiador del fu turo cuente acerca de las palabras sofisticadas y resonantes de los anos noventas,'vision' estara en primera fila. Escuelas en todos lados quisieran tener lideres con esta mentalidad, incluso modestos planes incrementales son rutinariamente considerados como proyecciones, 'visiones del siglo 21'. Desafortunadamente, la exaltacion de lo visionario, a menudo deja una pregunta sin contestar. Una vez que se ha terminado de elogiarla, ?que es lo que se hace al respecto? David Conley (1996) ha encontrado que muchos de los lideres de las escuelas estan llegando a ser ambivalentes -algunas veces incluso cinicos- acerca de la utilidad de lo visionario. Expertos continuan considerando esto como una tarea decisiva para el lider.

 urlLink Mejora de la escuela mediante informacion. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Data-Driven School Improvement. From the ERIC Digest: Los educadores efectivos toman decisiones efectivas, decisiones basadas en informacion precisa. Si el conocimiento es poder, entonces estudiar las capacidades, habilidades, actitudes y estilos de aprendizaje actuales de los estudiantes faculta a los educadores para ajustar el curriculum y asi alcanzar las metas que la escuela y el distrito han elegido. Cuando los educadores estudian sus escuelas y clases, buscan una respuesta a una pregunta muy antigua:?Es bueno porque lo hemos estado haciendo por un largo tiempo, o porque tenemos pruebas tangibles de su valia(James McLean)? En muchas instancias se debe concluir lo primero puesto que no hay pruebas que apoyen lo segundo. Una solucion es recolectar datos sobre el aprendizaje del alumno que son tanto oportunos como precisos.

 urlLink Los limites de las decisiones compartidas. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of The Limits of Shared Decision-Making. From the ERIC Digest: En los anos 80s, una sorprendente vision del futuro de la educacion comenzo a aparecer en las propuestas de reforma: las escuelas operadas por un comite de profesores, sin la irtervencion de un administrador. Mientras pocos profesionales (incluyendo a los maestros) lo consideran como un serio objetivo, la mayoria esta de acuerdo en que los maestros merecen un papel mas importante en la administracion de las escuelas. Desde entonces, las decisiones compartidas (SDM) han llegado a ser una parte muy significativa en los esfuerzos para reformar los colegios. Con el SDM, los maestros son piezas claves para determinar politicas y practicas en las escuelas. La razon es simple: aquellos que estan mas cerca de los estudiantes estan mejor capacitados para tomar decisiones en la educacion. Sus partidiarios dicen que el SDM mejorara la ensenanza del estudiante, creara satisfaccion en los maestros y desarrollara nuevas formas de liderazgo. ?Se cumplen estas promesas? Mientras es prematuro hacer juicios definitivos, estudios tempranos sugieren que el entusiasmo debiera ser templado con realismo.

 urlLink Liderazgo etico. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Ethical Leadership. From the ERIC Digest: Los verdaderos lideres se con-centran en hacer las cosas adecuadamente, no solo en las cosas bien". Este consejo proveniente de los consultores organizativos no es algo nuevo para los lideres de las escuelas, cuyas vidas estan inmersas en dilemas eticos dificiles. Los directores enfrentan estos dilemas todos los dias, afirma William Greenfield (1991). Al tener obligaciones morales con la sociedad, la profesion, la junta escolar y los alumnos, encuentran que " a menudo no queda claro lo que es correcto o incorrecto, o lo que deberia hacer uno, o que perspectiva es correcta en terminos morales". Por desgracia, relativamente pocos administradores han sido entrenados para tratar con estos conflictos. Hasta hace muy poco, a los temas eticos se les entregaba muy poca atencion en los programas de preparacion (Lyn Beck y Joseph Murphy).

 urlLink Ausencia estudiantil sin permiso. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Student Truancy. From the ERIC Digest: La falta a clases a clases ha sido senalado como uno de los diez problemas mas importantes en las escuelas de este pais, lo que afecta negativamente el futuro de la juventud. De hecho, los niveles de ausentismo han llegado hasta un 30% en algunas ciudades. Las estadisticas hablan por si solas. * En la ciudad de Nueva York, cerca de 150.000 estudiantes, de una poblacion escolar de 1.000.000, no asisten a clases diariamente. Los funcionarios de los colegios no estan seguros que parte de esta cifra de ausentismo esta legitimamente justificada. * El 'Distrito unificado de Colegios en Los Angeles' (Tue Los Angeles Unified School District) ha reportado que el 10% de sus estudiantes no asisten a clases diariamente. Solo la mitad de estos estudiantes presentan justificativo por escrito. * Cuarenta funcionarios de asistencia de Colegios de Detroit investigaron 66.440 reclamos de 'falta a clases'durante los anos escolares de 1994-95 (Ingersol y LeBoeuf 1997).

 urlLink Errores que cometen los lideres educacionales. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Mistakes Educational Leaders Make. From the ERIC Digest: La mayoria de los programas de entrenamiento de administradores se enfocan en lo que los lideres educacionales deben hacer y no en los errores o lo que no deberian hacer. Creeemos que saber lo que no hay que hacer es tan importante, o quiza mas aun, que saber que hacer. Esta creencia se basa en la suposicion de que los comportamientos que una persona debe evitar son mucho menores de los que debe mostrar. Tambien se basa en la conciencia de que el impacto negativo de un error puede tener amplias consecuencias, descompensando los efectos beneficiosos de una serie de acciones positivas. De acuerdo con Davis (1997), uno de cada tres directores deja su posicion de manera involuntaria. La mayoria de los estados entregan una proteccion limitada de proceso debido a los directores que estan en riesgo de perder sus puestos. En ausencia de propieddad administrativa del cargo, los directores se vuelven legalmente "profesores en asignacion especial", que pueden ser degradados de su rango sin causa (Davis). Considerando estos factores, Davis afirma que hay una necesidad de comprender los tipos de comportamientos de liderazgo que crean problemas a los directores y a aquellos que son responsables de liderar. Hogan, Raskin y Fazzini (1990) investigaron tres tipos de liderazgo fallidos. Descubrieron que los individuos pueden poseer habilidades sociales bien desarrolladas y un atractivo estilo interpersonal, y aun asi muestran comportamientos de liderazgo defectuosos.

 urlLink Los colegios como comunidades. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Schools as Communities. From the ERIC Digest: Cada vez mas, los educadores estan poniendo mayor atencion a la calidad de las relaciones que existe entre los miembros del personal y los estudiantes en las escuelas. La Asociacion Nacional de Directores de Escuelas Secundarias, en su reciente publicacion Rompiendo Filas por ejemplo, destaca la "personalizacion" de los colegios secundarios como un reto clave en la reforma de las escuelas de bachillerato. Del mismo modo, Ernest Boyer senala, en la publicacion Las Escuelas Basicas, que cuidando la "comunidad" en las escuelas primarias es esencial para la educacion efectiva en los primeros grados. Es verdad, que una buena cantidad de evidencia ahora existe sugiriendo que un fuerte sentido comunitario en las escuelas tiene beneficios atanto para los miembros del personal como para los estudiantes y provee una fundacion escolar basica para su mejoramiento.

 urlLink Heritage Spanish Speakers' Language Learning Strategies. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Zennia Hancock. It reviews how heritage Spanish speakers learn Spanish in the USA. From the ERIC Digest: The learning strategies of language learners have been researched extensively. (See, e.g., Brown, 2000; Oxford, 1990; Rubin & Thompson, 1982; Shipman & Shipman, 1985; Stevick, 1976). This research focuses on English-speaking students learning a foreign language and on non-English speakers learning English. To date, there have been no published studies on the use of language learning strategies by heritage Spanish speakers studying Spanish. Research is needed on this unique and growing student population so that educators can learn how to work more effectively with them. This digest describes some of the issues involved in the Spanish language learning experiences of heritage Spanish speakers, the largest population of heritage language speakers in the United States. It describes ways in which educators can facilitate these students' language development through a better understanding of their language learning strategies and suggests areas in which further research is needed.

 urlLink English Language Learners With Special Needs: Effective Instructional Strategies. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Alba Ortiz. It looks at special education students who are trying to learn English. From the ERIC Digest: Students fail in school for a variety of reasons. In some cases, their academic difficulties can be directly attributed to deficiencies in the teaching and learning environment. For example, students with limited English may fail because they do not have access to effective bilingual or English as a second language (ESL) instruction. Students from lower socioeconomic backgrounds may have difficulty if instruction presumes middle-class experiences. Other students may have learning difficulties stemming from linguistic or cultural differences. These difficulties may become more serious over time if instruction is not modified to address the students' specific needs. Unless these students receive appropriate intervention, they will continue to struggle, and the gap between their achievement and that of their peers will widen over time. Still other students need specialized instruction because of specific learning disabilities. The overrepresentation of English language learners in special education classes (Yates & Ortiz, 1998) suggests that educators have difficulty distinguishing students who truly have learning disabilities from students who are failing for other reasons, such as limited English. Students learning English are disadvantaged by a scarcity of appropriate assessment instruments and a lack of personnel trained to conduct linguistically and culturally relevant educational assessments (Valdes & Figueroa, 1996). English language learners who need special education services are further disadvantaged by the shortage of special educators who are trained to address their language- and disability-related needs simultaneously.

 urlLink College Rankings. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Tamara Holub. It reviews the issues around college ranking guides. From the ERIC Digest: The popularity of college ranking surveys published by U.S. News and World Report, Money magazine, Barron's, and many others is indisputable. However, the methodologies used in these reports to measure the quality of higher education institutions have come under fire by scholars and college officials. Also contentious is some college and university officials' practice of altering or manipulating institutional data in response to unfavorable portrayals of their schools in rankings publications.

 urlLink Ensuring Quality and Productivity in Higher Education: An Analysis of Assessment Practices. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest was written by Susan Gates et al. It looks at assessment practices in higher education. From the ERIC Digest: Those responsible for education and professional development within systems such as corporations, state governments, and government agencies are concerned about the quality of those opportunities. As a result, they increasingly assign responsibility for ensuring the quality and productivity of education within the system to one particular office or agency. Often, such agencies receive little guidance about how to approach their task. A RAND research team conducted a broad review of the general literature on the assessment of quality and productivity in education and professional development. The team also reviewed the documentation of organizations engaged in such assessment, interviewed experts, attended conferences, and conducted site visits to exemplary organizations. The ASHE-ERIC Report Vol. 29, No.1, Ensuring Quality and Productivity in Higher Education: An Analysis of Assessment Practices, synthesizes the Rand study findings and provides suggestions for approaches that might be useful for agencies given the task of ensuring the quality and productivity of education and professional development activities in a specific system. This ERIC Digest is based upon ASHE-ERIC Report Vol. 29, No.1, and briefly summarizes the Report highlights.

 urlLink Evaluacion entre colegas profesores. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Peer Review of Teachers. From the ERIC Digest: Recientemente Massachusetts implemento un nuevo examen para entregar licencia a profesores, el que conten a una prueba de habilidades de literatura de nivel del grado once. Mas del 55% de los maestros candidatos, todos experimentados universitarios y graduados, inicialmente reprobaron (AFT y NEA 1998). Incidentes como estos han provocado en la opinion publica el deseo de una mayor responsabilidad en la educacion, y en los profesores. Como podemos asegurar la calidad de los profesores? Para muchos, la respuesta esta en que la revision sea hecha por los propios maestros. Mientras estos tipos de examenes han sido practicados en un punado de distritos desde 1980, han atraido renovada atencion recientemente, cuando los delegados a la convencion de NEA votaron para revocar su historica oposicion a la evaluacion horizontal. Esto es parte de la nueva manera de operar de los sindicatos donde abogan para que los profesores asuman mayor responsabilidad en la calidad escolar (Bradley, Junio 1998). Recientemente, la revision horizontal salio aun mas a la luz de la atencion nacional con la ley de ayuda y examinacion horizontal de California. Esta ley dispone 41 millones en fondos de incentivos para aquellos distritos que negocien programas de examenes horizontales para el primero de julio del ano 2000, y amenaza con retirar 400 millones en ayuda para aquellos distritos que no cumplan con la fecha limite del primero de enero del mismo ano (Johnston 1999).

 urlLink Applying Cognitive-Behavioral Techniques to Social Skills Instruction. ERIC/OSEP Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Stephen Smith. It examines how cognitive-behavioral techniques can be used to teach social studies. From the ERIC Digest: For any teacher, managing student behavior in the classroom can be difficult and complex, but when successful, teachers may find behavior management professionally rewarding. Often, however, managing student behavior is personally involving and professionally frustrating. Students of all ages will sometimes engage in behavior that includes disrespect for authority, hyperactivity and inattention, lack of self-control, and sometimes aggression. Behavioral excesses and deficits detract from learning opportunities and preclude positive peer relationships. Despite the best efforts, teachers and school administrators are continuously looking for behavior management programs that can be implemented school-wide for all students along with specific interventions that can help those students who need more attention.

 urlLink Spanish for Spanish Speakers: Developing Dual Language Proficiency. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Peyton, Joy Kreeft, Lewelling, Vickie W., and Winke, Paula. It looks at how educators can help native Spanish speakers to be good at both Spanish and English. From the ERIC Digest: The increasing number of students who enter U.S. schools from homes where languages other than English are spoken, and the recognition that proficiency in non-English languages is a valuable national resource, have generated interest in the field of heritage language instruction. A heritage language student is "a language student who is raised in a home where a non-English language is spoken, who speaks or at least understands the language, and who is to some degree bilingual in that language and in English" (Valdes, 2001, p. 38). The fastest growing heritage language population in the United States is Spanish-speaking immigrants and Americans of Hispanic descent whose families came from Central America, Cuba, Mexico, Puerto Rico, and South America. The inclusion of Spanish-speaking students in foreign language classes places additional demands on teachers, who may be prepared to teach only speakers of English. As a result, a growing number of secondary schools, colleges, and universities in states with large Hispanic populations offer separate Spanish for Native Speakers (SNS) courses or programs tailored to the needs of these students.

 urlLink Asignacion presupuestaria determinada en los colegios. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of School-Based Budgeting. From the ERIC Digest: El presupuesto basado en los colegios [School-based-budgeting](SBB) es la herramienta facilitadora de la administracion con base en los colegios [School-based-budgeting](SBM), que transfiere la responsabilidad en la toma de decisiones desde las oficinas de distrito a los directores, profesores y miembros de la comunidad. Mientras el publico pide que los establecimientos educacionales debieran ser mas productivos y mas responsables de sus actividades; una estrategia popular de reforma es darle mayor autoridad a los colegios sobre su presupuesto. Algunos expertos consideran que un presupuesto con base local tiene el potencial de incentivar la innovacion, aumentar la efectividad organizacional y mejorar la equidad financiera entre los colegios (Wohlstetter y Van Kirk 1995).

 urlLink Haciendo que los colegios se hagan responsables por el logro. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Holding Schools Accountable for Achievement. From the ERIC Digest: La mayoria de la gente esta de acuerdo con un simple, pero poderoso principio de justicia: los logros debieran ser premiados. El mejor estudiante debiera obtener una "A", el mejor trabajador debiera obtener un aumento. De tal manera que el llamado hacia una mayor responsabilidad de los colegios ha encontrado una receptiva audiencia nacional. En un tiempo de aumento en los costos y detrimento en los resultados, los norteamericanos pensaron que era de simple sentido comun hacer a los educadores responsables. Los educadores podran cuestionar ciertas politicas especificas, pero raramente discutiran que ellos no debieran ser responsables. Durante la decada pasada, practicamente todos los Estados han redisenado sus sistemas de responsabilidades, no solamente estableciendo expectativas mas exigentes, sino que cambiando el enfoque de las entradas inputs a los resultados. Quienes dirigen los colegios en la actualidad no solo deben hacerlo bien, sino que ademas deben demostrar que lo estan haciendo bien. El presente Digest describe las caracteristicas mas importantes del sistema actual de responsabilidades y explora sus implicaciones para los administradores.

 urlLink Igualdad y suficiencia en las finanzas de la educacion. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Equity and Adequacy in Educational Finance. From the ERIC Digest: Los esfuerzos del siglo XX para contrarrestar las desigualdades por medio de medidas de impuestos y equidad (planes de fundacion, coberturas legislativas y esquemas de redistribucion) han sido solo parcialmente exitosos, beneficiando a los contribuyentes mas que a los estudiantes. Durante los anos sesenta, "los distritos de mayores ingresos normalmente gastaron el doble que los distritos mas pobres, y algunas veces cuatro o cinco veces mas" (Miller 1999). Aun mas, las comunidades mas ricas pueden gastar mas por alumno, mientras ellas cobran tasas impositivas menores a si mismas. Hoy dia, luego de casi tres decadas de litigio (comenzando con la famosa decision "Serrano" en 1971 en California), las diferencias financieras permanecen altas tanto entre los distritos como en los Estados. En Nueva Jersey, los gastos en 1995-96 por alumno, fluctuaban entre $5.900 y $11.950 La diferencia para el mismo ano en Illinois ($3.000 a $15.000) fue aun mas dispar (Conferencia Nacional de Legislatura Estatal, 1996) (National Conference of State Legislature 1996). En 1998-99, el gasto por alumno vario desde los $10.140 en Nueva Jersey a los $3.632 en Utah (Centro Nacional para las Estadisticas Educacionales, 1999-National Center for Education Statistics 1999).

 urlLink Contratos de rendimiento para administradores. This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Performance Contracts for Administrators. From the ERIC Digest: En el mundo de los negocios, los administradores (Ceo) a menudo son recompensados sobre la base de su rendimiento: un bono si las utilidades se incrementan, una disminucion si los resultados financieros se debilitan. Cada vez mas, los distritos educacionales estan adoptando o contemplando el uso de contratos de rendimiento (tambien conocidos como remuneracion por rendimiento), como una manera de hacer a los administradores responsables. Mientras los administradores de los colegios han sido siempre responsables por su desempeno, ha sido escasa la practica de relacionar las remuneraciones a indicadores tales como los logros estudiantiles. De cualquier modo, la remuneracion por rendimiento esta siendo usada en muchos distritos a traves de la nacion. El creciente interes en los contratos basados en el rendimiento coincide con la demanda por mayor responsabilidad. Esta presion se une a un creciente Enfasis en la reforma de los colegios estatales y nacionales para lograr resultados concretos de progreso como, por ejemplo, logros estudiantiles (Graves 1995). Para algunos superintendentes, poner su sueldo en la mira es una forma de demostrar que toman su trabajo seriamente. Ligar la remuneracion a los resultados hace mas palpable el asunto de la responsabilidad, algunos han sugerido.

 urlLink Institutionalizing a Broader View of Scholarship through Boyer's Four Domains. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Braxton, John M., Luckey, William, and Helland, Patricia. It looks at how the concepts behind Boyer's Four Domain's can be used ti improve scholarship. From the ERIC Digest: In his influential book Scholarship Reconsidered: Priorities of the Professoriate, Ernest Boyer (1990) proposed that the definition of scholarship be broadened beyond the predominant emphasis on the scholarship of discovery to encompass the scholarships of integration, application, and teaching. Boyer's formulations have sparked considerable scholarly attention focused primarily on clarifying the meaning of the domains of scholarship and on criteria and forms of documentation needed to assess scholarship across the four domains (Glassick, Huber, and Maeroff, 1997; Shulman and Hutchings, 1998). This spate of literature and scholarly discussion, coupled with an elapse of over 10 years since the advancement of Boyer's perspective, strongly indicates a need to take stock of this literature. Such a stock-taking requires attention to appraisals of Boyer's arguments by contemporary scholars and various efforts by scholars to clarify the meaning of the domains of scholarship described by Boyer. The ASHE-ERIC Report, Institutionalizing a Broader View of Scholarship Through Boyer's Four Domains, reviews the major scholarly works on these topics. This ERIC Digest briefly discusses the highlights of that ASHE-ERIC Report. Because Boyer's formulations portray how scholarship should be performed rather than how it is performed, an important question emerges: To what extent do college and university faculty members engage in the work of each of the four domains of scholarship? Despite the significance of Boyer's arguments, little or no empirical research has addressed this essential question. Response to this fundamental question would enable us to gauge the extent to which the four domains of scholarship have become institutionalized into the academic work of college and university faculty members. The guiding definition of institutionalization used in the ASHE-ERIC Report is: "the process whereby specific cultural elements or cultural objects are adopted by actors in a social system" (Clark, 1971, p.75). Institutionalization also occurs on three levels: structural, procedural, and incorporation, with incorporation being the highest level (Curry, 1991). We contend that the achievement of all three levels is necessary to sustain the institutionalization of Boyer's four domains of scholarship. Accordingly, we appraise the attainment of these three levels of institutionalization of Boyer's perspective by using data collected from a national sample of 1,424 faculty members in five types of colleges and universities and four academic disciplines.

 urlLink The Least Restrictive Environment Mandate: How Has It Been Defined by the Courts? ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Douvanis, Gus and Hulsey, David. It examines the legal issues that are associated with the idea of the leadt restrictive environment mandate. From the ERIC digest: To the maximum extent appropriate, children with disabilities... should be educated with children who are not disabled, and... special classes, separate schooling, or other removal of children with disabilities from the regular educational environment should occur only when the nature or severity of the disability is such that education in regular classes with the use of supplementary aids and services cannot be achieved satisfactorily. 20 U.S.C. 1412(a)(5)(B) In 1972, there were eight million children with disabilities in the United States, and fully one-half were receiving no educational services. Students were being evaluated for suspected disabilities without notice to parents or due process; parents were able to exclude their children from compulsory attendance regulations; and many children with disabilities who were in schools were being excluded from any meaningful educational services. The Pennsylvania State Court took note of these facts in Pennsylvania Association of Retarded Citizens (PARC) v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (1972). This ruling created the right to an education for disabled Pennsylvania children and expressed a clear preference for mainstreaming, with homebound instruction or residential placements used in only the most rare circumstances. Mainstreaming to the maximum extent appropriate was adopted by the US Congress when it enacted the Education of All Handicapped Children Act of 1975 (P.L. 94-142), the precursor to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA). However, P. L. 94-142 did not "define" the least restrictive environment (LRE), nor did it use the term "mainstreaming." The law that governs special education is derived from different sources. The first source is statute law, which is enacted by legislatures-in the case of special education, the IDEA. The second source of law is case law or judge-made law. It is the right and duty of the courts to interpret statutory law and discern the meaning the legislators intended. This can cause problems in several ways. First, the courts may interpret the law in a manner contrary to what the legislature meant, in effect creating new laws. Second, different courts may interpret the same law differently, so the law that governs you is determined by where you happen to live. These situations are extremely evident in defining the LRE. It is also important to understand that the US Supreme Court has refused to hear any appeals on this issue, leading to a situation where the LRE considered appropriate for a student may vary depending on the interpretation of the law of the court of highest jurisdiction in his or her geographical area.

 urlLink Substance Abuse Prevention and Intervention for Students with Disabilities: A Call to Educators. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by McCombs, Kathryn and Moore, Dennis. It reviews methods that educators can use to prevent disabled students from using illegal drugs. From the ERIC Digest: Youth with disabilities experience a substantially higher substance abuse risk than their nondisabled peers. In addition to the same risk factors for substance abuse, e.g., peer pressure, media enticements, and stress-as their counterparts in regular education, they also face many disability-specific factors for substance abuse, such as prescribed medications, chronic medical problems, social isolation, co-existing behavioral problems, and disenfranchisement. While educating youth with disabilities in inclusive settings exposes them to positive learning opportunities in the classroom, they also have more exposure to peer pressure for substance use, and at earlier ages. On the other hand, children in contained special education classrooms often have less socialization practice or skills, and may use substances in order to feel accepted by their peers. Compared with adolescents who have never been in classes for learning problems, a significantly greater proportion of students who have been in special education classes live in single-parent and nontraditional households, have a family member with an alcohol or other drug problem, have witnessed or experienced physical abuse, and report a history of sexual abuse and poor emotional health (Borowsky & Resnick, 1998). All of these contribute to identified risk factors for substance abuse, yet in a recent survey, more than half of special education teachers reported that they conduct prevention activities once a year or less; only 15% conducted such activities at least once a week (Morgan, Genaux, & Likins, 1994).

 urlLink Bereavement Management and Counseling at the University Level. ERIC/CASS Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Robert Wrenn. It shows ways that colleges and universities can help students and staff cope with grief. From the ERIC Digest: This Digest addresses two aspects of managing bereavement on campus: 1) the need for effective counseling practices to help students manage grief, whether due to a death on campus or due to the death of a loved one, and 2) the need for institutional procedures to respond to the death of a campus community member. Universities and colleges are not usually prepared for what to do in the event of the death of a student, faculty, staff or administrator. While some schools do have a plan of action as to how to proceed, this plan is often based upon an unclear understanding of how a death affects those most at risk, and a poor understanding of the implications for institutional public relations. Even institutions that do provide a written plan may not have staff available who understand the special issues that pertain to the management of bereavement or how bereavement counseling differs from other kinds of counseling (Wrenn, 1991a). During the past 30 years a great deal of research about the specific issues that facilitate grief and bereavement recovery has been generated and published (Bowlby, 1973-1982; Parks & Weiss, 1983; Zinner, 1985). This information is useful to those in positions of leadership whether or not trained counselors are available to facilitate the healing process.

 urlLink Using Cognitive Strategies To Develop English Language and Literacy. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Crandall, JoAnn - Jaramillo, Ann - Olsen, Laurie and Peyton, Joy Kreeft. It peaks at cognitive strategies that can help in the development of English language and literacy skills. From the ERIC Digest: Immigrant students of secondary school age face a number of obstacles as they make the transition to schooling in the United States. In addition to adjusting to a new country and school system, they must also learn academic content in a new language. Because these students come from a variety of ethnic, educational, and economic backgrounds, representing a host of cultures, languages, and educational needs, it is often difficult to provide instruction tailored to their specific needs. Developing the English language proficiency of these students so they can participate effectively in mainstream English classes has long been a major focus of those working with newcomers in secondary school. However, educators are also looking for ways to help them achieve at high academic levels, which involves reading English well, understanding academic discourse, writing coherently, and speaking English at cognitively complex and abstract levels. These students usually have only a few years to master these skills. This digest describes ways to develop students' English language and literacy skills and to make academic content challenging, interesting, and accessible. They include the following: 1) building conceptual frameworks for new knowledge, 2) teaching learning strategies, 3) focusing on reading in all classes, 4) giving students opportunities to engage in free reading, and 5) helping students move beyond the text. (See Crandall, Jaramillo, Olsen, & Peyton, 2001, for a fuller discussion of these and other strategies.)

 urlLink Adolescent Literacy and Content Area Reading. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Karen Grady. It deals with content areas and how they can aid teens in reading. From the ERIC Digest: In 1999 the International Reading Association issued a position statement on adolescent literacy which called for a renewed interest in and dedication to the rights and needs of adolescent readers: "Adolescents entering the adult world in the 21st century will read and write more than at any other time in human history. They will need advanced levels of literacy to perform their jobs, run their households, act as citizens, and conduct their personal lives. They will need literacy to cope with the flood of information they will find everywhere they turn. They will need literacy to feed their imaginations so they can create the world of the future. In a complex and sometimes even dangerous world, their ability to read will be crucial. Continual instruction beyond the early grades is needed" (Moore, Bean, Birdyshaw, & Rycik, 1999, p. 99). This Digest provides a brief summary of the development of content area reading; it discusses a reconceptualization of adolescent literacy and content learning; and it offers an example of a new model for both secondary classroom practice and teacher education.

 urlLink Character Education through Children's Literature. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Shawna Brynildssen. It looks at the issue of character education as it can be taught using children's literature. From the ERIC Digest: The issue of character education has recently received much attention at both the state and federal level. Legislators, teachers, and parents are all grappling with how best to instill in America's youth not merely information but also the character traits known to promote success and happiness in life, and which will best enable young people to maximize their use of their education and knowledge. One approach that shows particular promise is that of using children's literature as a pedagogical device. Some educators believe that literature can be a very powerful tool. According to Weaver (1994), "Literary characters have almost the same potential for influencing the reader as the real people with whom a reader might share a reading experience" (pp. 33-34). Given this, the implications for literature's role in character education are great. This digest will examine some of the pertinent issues surrounding this important method of instruction.

 urlLink Online Resources for Teaching Shakespeare. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Mila Stoicheva. It takes a look at good Web resources that can aid in teaching about the Shakespeare. From the ERIC Digest: The Technology in Education 2001 Survey (Market Data Retrieval, 2001) reveals that nearly 70% of schools report that the majority of their teachers use the Internet for instructional purposes, and more than 70% use computers on a daily basis. Parallel to the rapid growth in the number of users of Web sites has been an exponential growth in the number of sites, challenging the efforts of teachers and parents to identify and select the most relevant sites for any particular project (Lu, 1999). This is particularly true for subjects or topics as exhaustively represented on the Web as William Shakespeare and the teaching of his works. To assist educators in effectively teaching the works of this critical author, this Digest will identify and describe some of the most significant and useful online resources. The Web sites were chosen on the basis of their technical excellence, purpose, content, authorship, and general usefulness (Abdullah, 1998) for teachers and parents attempting to introduce Shakespeare to their children. Note that, consistent with the nature of the Internet itself, most of these sites cross-reference each other in unique ways to create a cornucopia of ideas for teaching and learning about the life and works of Shakespeare.

 urlLink Recent Reading Initiatives: Examples of National, State, and Professional Organizations' Efforts. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Shawna Brynildssen. It takes a look at the various reading initiatives currently being tried around the USA. From the ERIC Digest: Statistics on the literacy skills of America's children reveal a disturbing situation. Approximately 40 percent of students across the nation cannot read at a basic level. And for low-income students, the figure is much worse (No Child Left Behind, 2002). In response to this situation, a number of efforts are underway-spearheaded by federal and state policymakers and a number of independent organizations-to remedy the situation. This Digest looks at some of the most recent of those initiatives.

 urlLink Dramatic Activities in Language Arts Classrooms: Resource Summary. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Sibel Tatar. It looks at the different resources need to teach language arts skills using dramatic activities. From the ERIC Digest: Increasing numbers of teachers are discovering classroom drama to be highly valuable as an instructional tool (Kaaland-Wells, 1994). In dramatic activities, children learn to use language effectively and creatively while they are experiencing different points of views, looking for solutions, and discussing ideas. This digest will review some of the related literature regarding the benefits of classroom drama, as well as introduce a variety of resources to help educators incorporate dramatic activities in their language arts classrooms. Although several terms have been used to refer to "classroom drama" such as creative dramatics, educational drama, theater games, sociodramatic play, role drama, and role playing, the terms "creative drama" and "drama in education" are umbrella concepts which embrace all the various types of improvised and informal drama used in classrooms. According to some authors, the goal and focus of creative drama are twofold: (1) creating "an experience through which students may come to under-stand human interactions, empathize with other people, and internalize alternative points of view" (Wagner, 1988, p. 5), and (2) developing understanding and learning through drama rather than "some finished product such as a well-mounted play" (Heinig, 1993, p. 22). In other words, the purpose of educational drama is not to produce a theater play for an audience but to contribute to students' personality growth and facilitate their learning by having them respond to situations, dilemmas, or conflicts assuming the role of imagined characters. It should be also noted that almost all students, regardless of their artistic skills for acting, can perform and benefit from this type of drama. For example, some of the techniques used in creative drama such as mime, movement exercises or invented dialogue give every child an opportunity to be actively engaged in drama without necessarily having to act or speak (Stewig, 2000). According to Heining (1993, p. 6), the value of drama in teaching language arts comes from the fact that "learning language arts becomes more meaningful when it stimulates everyday life experiences." Dramatic performance can provide students an opportunity to use language to express various emotions, to solve problems, to make decisions, to socialize, and to develop empathy which eventually contributes to their self-esteem and creativity. In addition, drama activities may be useful in the development of oral communication skills, reading, and writing. Through drama, children may discover different styles and registers which are very different from their everyday speech. Wagner (1998) notes that "drama provides children with experiences that enhance their ability to judge the appropriateness of verbal and non-verbal communication strategies for a wide variety of imagined experiences" (p. 35). Drama has also been found by one author to be helpful for reading and writing skills: McCaslin (1990), for instance, argues that "most teachers find drama to be a strong motivation for reading and vocabulary building" (p. 291). The oral language skills developed through drama have also been found by some scholars to facilitate student's writing skills (Heathcote, 1981; Wagner, 1985).

 urlLink Literature Circles. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Chia-Hui Chin. It reviews the concept of literature circles. From the ERIC Digest: The reading materials used in literature circles are important to lively and meaningful discussions (Farinacci, 1998). According to Brabham and Villaume (2000), fiction is the most commonly used reading material in literature circles, although other types of texts, such as nonfiction, picture books, and newspaper articles can also be used with great success. Some authors, including Farinacci (1998) and Peralta-Nash and Dutch (2000) have suggested the following criteria for selecting texts to use in literature circles: * Comprehensible to students of different abilities and interests * Reflect students' language needs and skills * Address issues/topics relevant to students' lives * Provoke students' thinking and discussion After students have selected the reading materials they wish to read, the literature circles are formed in accordance with their reading interests or book titles they choose.

 urlLink Reform Initiatives in Higher Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Elaine El-Khawas. It examines different attempts at reform in academia. From the ERIC Digest: Reform initiatives are numerous in American higher education. Their messages and hopes are widely documented through conferences, journals, newsletters, and funded projects. Many membership associations, networks and informal alliances actively promote new directions for higher education. The history of American higher education reveals a continuing stream of reform that has affected academic programs, degree requirements, methods of instruction, and organizational structures (Rudolph, 1977; Altbach, 1980; Curry, 1992; Gaff and Ratcliff, 1996). General education requirements have been overhauled, new fields of studies introduced, and new institutions established, all without being labeled as reforms (El-Khawas, 1996). Visible as these activities are, reform movements are poorly understood as a mechanism by which higher education changes. Levine (1980) described several general patterns. As he noted, reform is usually described in terms of its typical phases: the initiation phase, when aims are set out; the implementation phase, when ideas are put into operation; and a final, institutionalization phase, when reforms try to achieve a stable, enduring form. Presidential leadership is been said to be important, with visible leadership support seen as crucial in getting reforms off the ground. A common assumption is that most reforms are unsuccessful because they come into conflict with ongoing programs or otherwise fail to win broad acceptance. Many reforms are thought to survive only in enclaves, somewhat removed from mainstream programs, or survive only if they change substantially from their original purposes.

 urlLink Self-Determination and the Education of Students with Disabilities. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Michael Wehmeyer. It reviews ways that disabled students can make their own decisions. From the ERIC Digest: Promoting self-determination has been recognized as best practice in the education of adolescents with disabilities since the early 1990s, when the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) mandated increased student involvement in transition planning. Promoting self-determination involves addressing the knowledge, skills, and attitudes students will need to take more control over and responsibility for their lives. Students with disabilities who are self-determined are more likely to succeed as adults, and efforts to build self-determination skills are integrated into the practices of schools that provide high-quality transition programs. However, promoting self-determination should not begin in high school. Students in elementary and middle school need to receive such instruction as well.

 urlLink Format Proliferation in Public Libraries. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Norm Parry. It looks at the issues that arise from an item being published in more than one format. From the ERIC Digest: Libraries are all about choice. That is why there is more than one book in a library, more than one point of view, genre, subject, age level, edition, and format. At the core of their work, librarians may have to choose among the tens of thousands of new works published every year. Making those kinds of choices under the constraint of limited finances is not new to librarians. What is unprecedented is the number and kinds of choices librarians must make in response to the greater number of formats demanded by their customers. A list of the available formats for a particular work might include hardcover, paperback, large print, foreign language edition, audiocassette tape, book on CD, eBook, videocassette, and DVD. A new John Grisham title may be produced in all of these formats in a relatively short period of time. Bestsellers and blockbusters are frequently released in several formats simultaneously: hardcover, large type, audiocassette tape (abridged and unabridged editions), CD, and eBook. By the time the movie is released--in videocassette and DVD--the book is typically available in paperback. Even the smallest public library will consider buying at least two copies of the book as soon as it is available to meet certain high demand. The total investment for just this one title in all of the formats listed would be substantial-about $200. More choice in formats for library customers may mean more constraints on choices in materials acquisition. An increase in the number of formats libraries provide may, over time, substantially alter the quality and diversity of library collections. This ERIC Digest examines some of the costs and challenges presented by format proliferation and some strategies for addressing those challenges, particularly when an increase in the total budget for acquisitions is not a possibility.

 urlLink Why Should Principals Support School Libraries? ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Gary Hartzell. It gives a lot of good reasons why principals should support their school library. From the ERIC Digest: Improving student achievement is a vital principal interest, but many principals overlook libraries and librarians as potentially powerful instruments in that work because they have not been educated to the library's value and library media research rarely appears in administrator publications (Wilson & Blake, 1993). Consequently, principals often leave library potential untapped despite fifty years of research evidence that effective library media programs-when led by active, involved librarians-can have a discernible positive impact on student achievement regardless of student, school and community demographics. The evidence is drawn from elementary, middle, and high school studies reaching back to the 1950s. While the volume of evidence alone is cumulatively persuasive, the most recent research is especially powerful because its authors statistically controlled for demographic differences among the schools they studied-a feature missing in the pre-1990 research. This is important because the evidence is largely derived from statistical correlation studies, which cannot unequivocally prove causation. Correlation research can, however, identify relationships and degrees of association among variables. Cause-and-effect probability is strengthened if similar correlations appear in multiple settings over time, which is what occurs here.

 urlLink Acquiring and Managing Electronic Journals. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Curtis, Donnelyn and Yue, Paoshan. It views the issues that libraries face when dealing with electronic journals. From the ERIC Digest: Electronic journals are both a blessing and a curse for libraries. To be meaningful in the current information environment - to meet users' ever-increasing demands - libraries must acquire as many appropriate full text resources as possible, as quickly as possible, and make them easy to use. This Digest provides tips for acquiring and providing access to electronic journals through a library's Web site and online catalog. We encourage readers to consult some of the Web sites and other resources we listed for detailed advice on licensing and technical matters, such as user authentication. Staff enthusiasm is crucial for maintaining the momentum to solve workflow problems and overcome technical obstacles in managing e-journals. The positive attitude of library staff also helps users adjust to online library services. It is easy to get excited on behalf of users about access to e-journals, which 1. Are available day or night, anywhere, to multiple concurrent users 2. Support distance education and web-based instruction 3. Allow the library to reach remote and disabled researchers 4. Can be searched, browsed, and interlinked with other publications and bibliographic databases 5. Are generally more current than print publications 6. Provide opportunities for enrichment and augmentation not possible in the print environment.

 urlLink How People Learn (and What Technology Might Have To Do with It). ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Marcy Driscoll. It reviews how people learn and how this may interact with technology. From the ERIC Digest: At an educational conference last spring, I attended a session focused on the potential of instructional technology to transform teaching and learning in schools. One of the speakers told a story about his 14-year-old son who, like himself, loved technology toys and always had to have the latest and greatest new thing to come on the market. One day, this son went to school after downloading to his Palm Pilot[TM] the program from the TV remote control. Then in one of his classes, the boy used the program to turn on and off the television in the corner of the room. The teacher was understandably annoyed, and when she figured out who the culprit was, she hauled him off to the principal's office demanding that the principal "do something!" At this point in the story, the speaker paused and asked the audience to consider what an appropriate response by the principal might be. Surely, this was a teachable moment, for teacher and student. Although many of us are regular users of Personal Digital Assistants (PDAs), we are only beginning to imagine how the technology might be used in the service of teaching and learning. So what did the principal do? He banned it! I offer this story not to malign the principal, but to argue that technology integration in schools is not easy to achieve, no matter how much evidence we have that it can help learning. It's also important to integrate technology appropriately, as critics are quick to point out that computers, besides being expensive, can harm young children who sit for hours in front of them instead of being engaged in the "real world" (Alliance for Childhood, 2000). So what is known about how people learn and the role technology may play in their learning? How might that knowledge provide guidelines for appropriate uses of technology that can help students and teachers? Four broad principles offer a framework to teachers for thinking about how technology can support their instruction: * Learning occurs in context. * Learning is active. * Learning is social. * Learning is reflective.

 urlLink Normalizing Data Transformations. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Jason Osborne. It deals with the application of a mathematical modification to the values of a variable. From the ERIC Digest: Data transformations are the application of a mathematical modification to the values of a variable. There are a great variety of possible data transformations, from adding constants to multiplying, squaring, or raising to a power, converting to logarithmic scales, inverting and reflecting, taking the square root of the values, and even applying trigonometric transformations such as sine wave transformations. The goal of this Digest is to present some of the issues involved in data transformation, with particular focus on the use of data transformation for normalization of variables. The Digest is intended to serve as an aid to researchers who do not have extensive mathematical backgrounds or who have not had extensive exposure to this issue. It will focus on three of the most common data transformations utilized for improving normality as discussed in texts and the literature: square root, logarithmic, and inverse transformations. Readers looking for more information on data transformations might refer to Hartwig and Dearing (1979) or Micceri (1989).

 urlLink Limitations of Current Language Testing Practices for Bilinguals. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Kester, Ellen Stubbe and Pena, Elizabeth D. It looks at how the language testing of bilingual students is limited. From the ERIC Digest: Few diagnostic tools are designed explicitly for children who are exposed to two languages (Valdes & Figueroa, 1994). Current practices for assessment of language in bilinguals frequently involve the use of tests that are translated from English to the target language and/or tests designed for and normed on monolinguals. This Digest explains why these common approaches are not well suited for a bilingual population and provides guidance to test developers and administrators regarding more suitable approaches.

 urlLink Survey Professionals Using Electronic Surveys. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Shannon, David M., Johnson, Todd E., Searcy, Shelby and Lott, Alan. It reviews how survey professionals use electronic survey resources. From the ERIC Digest: While an extensive body of literature exists regarding the principles of survey design and the factors influencing response to mail and telephone surveys, the applicability of this literature to electronic surveys is not yet clear. We know, for example, the importance of the first question in mail and telephone surveys, as well as the grouping and sequencing of questions, establishing a respondent-pleasing vertical flow of items in the survey, and having clear, specific directions. The literature also shows the importance of prenotification of respondents, personalized cover letters, incentives, return postage, and multiple contacts to reach respondents and generate higher response rates. Are these factors also important in electronic surveys? This Digest summarizes the results of a survey administered to the American Educational Research Association's Survey Research Special Interest Group regarding the use of electronic surveys and discusses their responses within the context of the existing literature base. Topics addressed include conditions under which the use of e-mail or web-based surveys would be most appropriate, sampling issues, weaknesses of the approach, and guidelines for other researchers who plan to use email or the Internet for survey research projects.

 urlLink Some Ethical Considerations and Resources for Analyzing Online Discussions. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Sarah Brem. It looks at how ethics need to be considered when viewing online discussions. From the ERIC Digest: Online discussions can be a valuable source of information for researchers and educators studying the interactions of a community of interest (Klinger, 2000), looking for ways to improve interactions within a working group (Ahuja & Carley,1998), or assessing student learning (Brem, Russell, & Weems,2001). Discussion forums frequently offer automated tracking services, such as a transcript or an archive, that allow detailed analyses of conversations that may have taken place months or even years ago. While online discussions present new opportunities to teachers, policymakers, and researchers, their analysis also presents new concerns and considerations. This Digest introduces ethical considerations related to acquiring and analyzing online data and provides resources to support sound practice.

 urlLink Teaching America's Founding Documents. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by John J. Patrick. It shows methods teachers can use teach about the founding documents of the USA. From the ERIC Digest: Great ideas about law, government, and the rights of individuals marked the founding of the United States of America during the last quarter of the 18th century. These ideas, embedded in America's founding documents, are the connective cords by which national unity and civic identity have been maintained in the United States from the 1770s until today. To be an American is to understand and to have a reasonable commitment to the ideas in America's founding documents. This Digest (1) identifies four founding documents and the great ideas in them; (2) discusses inclusion of the founding documents and great ideas in the core curriculum of schools, and (3) provides an annotated list of World Wide Web sites for teachers and learners on the founding documents and the great ideas in these primary sources.

 urlLink Improving Civic Education in Schools. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by John J. Patrick. It demonstrates that civic education in the USA is in need of improvement. From the ERIC Digest: Civic education is the teaching of knowledge, skills, and dispositions needed to become a responsible and effective citizen of a representative and constitutional democracy. Since the founding of the United States of America, civic education has been part of the core curriculum of elementary and secondary schools. In recent years, however, leaders in education, government, and the general public have expressed concerns about the quality and outcomes of civic education in American schools (Galston 2001, 218-220). They have called emphatically for renewal and reform of civic education in schools. This Digest discusses (1) the current deficiencies of civic education in schools, (2) research-based recommendations for improving content and pedagogy of civic education, and (3) Internet resources on improving civic education in schools.

 urlLink The Value of a College Degree. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Kathleen Porter. It shows how valuable a college degree can be financially. From the ERIC Digest: The escalating cost of higher education is causing many to question the value of continuing education beyond high school. Many wonder whether the high cost of tuition, the opportunity cost of choosing college over full-time employment, and the accumulation of thousands of dollars of debt is, in the long run, worth the investment. The risk is especially large for low-income families who have a difficult time making ends meet without the additional burden of college tuition and fees. In order to determine whether higher education is worth the investment, it is useful to examine what is known about the value of higher education and the rates of return on investment to both the individual and to society.

 urlLink Evidencia reciente sobre programas preescolares This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Recent Evidence on Preschool Programs. From the ERIC Digest: Una masa creciente de evidencia indica que los programas preescolares de desarrollo infantil de buena calidad contribuyen al desarrollo de corto y largo plazo de ninos que viven en la pobreza. Unas resenas literarias recientes resumen esta evidencia (Barnett, en prensa; Currie, 2000; Karoly et al., 1998). Ciertos estudios recientes han sido experimentales, abarcando la asignacion al azar de ninos y familias a grupos que asisten o que no asisten a programas y ofreciendo la evidencia mas inequivoca de los efectos de los programas. Otros estudios recientes han sido casi-experimentales, abarcando un grupo que no asiste a programas pero sin asignacion al azar o sin ningun grupo de comparacion; estos estudios nunca refutan por completo las explicaciones alternativas, pero si permiten que se examine la evidencia en situaciones donde el diseno experimental era imposible. Este Digest resume los estudios experimentales y casi-experimentales de Head Start y programas similares.

 urlLink Modelos de instruccion para la educacion en la ninez temprana This ERIC Digest is Spanish. It is a translation of Instructional Models for Early Childhood Education. From the ERIC Digest: Cual es la mejor manera de ensenar a ninos pequenos? Ninguna cuestion podria ser mas urgente para maestros, investigadores y formadores de politicas que se empenan en asegurar que todos los ninos esten "listos para aprender." Sin embargo, por ahora, no existe ninguna respuesta definitiva. Este Digest discute los conocimientos existentes sobre los efectos diferenciados de varios planteamientos educativos en la ninez temprana. Actualmente, en este ambito se espera con ansias los resultados del proyecto recien financiado, Preschool Curriculum Evaluation Research (Investigacion y Evaluacion de Curriculos Preescolares), que utilizara pruebas al azar para examinar una variedad de planteamientos curriculares de programas preescolares.

 urlLink Perspectivas sobre las escuelas charter: Una resena para padres de familia This ERIC Digest is in Spanish. It is a translation of Perspectives on Charter Schools: A Review for Parents. From the ERIC Digest: En los ultimos anos, muchos padres, educadores, estudiantes, investigadores y observadores han llegado a la misma conclusion: las escuelas tradicionales no funcionan para todos los estudiantes (Finn et al., 2000; B. Nelson et al., 2000). Como resultado, muchos estados han promulgado leyes que permiten el desarrollo de escuelas charter con la intencion de satisfacer mejor las necesidades de aquellos estudiantes que no son adecuadamente atendidos por las escuelas tradicionales. Aunque el numero de escuelas charter ha crecido en estos anos, a veces lo que ofrecen a estudiantes, padres y educadores todavia no esta muy claro en relacion a lo que proporcionan las escuelas mas tradicionales. Este Digest presenta informacion general acerca de las escuelas charter, discute como han sido percibidas y resume los resultados de la investigacion sobre las mismas.

 urlLink ERICDigests.Org - Web Directory Here is a nice Web directory based on the Open Directory Project from the main source of ERIC Digests on the Web. It is a good directory and worth a visit.

 urlLink The Concept of Formative Assessment. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Carol Boston. It looks at ways to conduct formative assessment. From the ERIC Digest: While many educators are highly focused on state tests, it is important to consider that over the course of a year, teachers can build in many opportunities to assess how students are learning and then use this information to make beneficial changes in instruction. This diagnostic use of assessment to provide feedback to teachers and students over the course of instruction is called formative assessment. It stands in contrast to summative assessment, which generally takes place after a period of instruction and requires making a judgment about the learning that has occurred (e.g., by grading or scoring a test or paper). This article addresses the benefits of formative assessment and provides examples and resources to support its implementation.

 urlLink Multiple Regression Assumptions. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Osborne, Jason W. - Waters, Elaine, It takes a look at some common regression assumption errors in testing. From the ERIC Digest: Most statistical tests rely upon certain assumptions about the variables used in the analysis. When these assumptions are not met, the results may not be trustworthy, resulting in a Type I or Type II error, or over- or underestimation of significance or effect size(s). As Pedhazur (1997, p. 33) notes, "Knowledge and understanding of the situations when violations of assumptions lead to serious biases, and when they are of little consequence, are essential to meaningful data analysis." However, as Osborne, Christensen, and Gunter (2001) observe, few articles report having tested assumptions of the statistical tests they rely on for drawing their conclusions. This creates a situation in which we have a rich literature in education and social science, but we are forced to call into question the validity of many of these results, conclusions, and assertions, as we have no idea whether the assumptions of the statistical tests were met. Our goal for this Digest is to present a discussion of the assumptions of multiple regression tailored toward the practicing researcher. Several assumptions of multiple regression are "robust" to violation (e.g., normal distribution of errors), and others are fulfilled in the proper design of a study (e.g., independence of observations). Therefore, we will focus on the assumptions of multiple regression that are not robust to violation, and that researchers can deal with if violated. Specifically, we will discuss the assumptions of normality, linearity, reliability of measurement, and homoscedasticity.

 urlLink Learning through Discussion: Designing Tasks for Critical Inquiry and Reflective Learning. ERIC Digest. : This ERIC Digest is by Ngeow, Karen and Kong, Yoon-San. It looks at how discussion can be used to teach critical thinking skills. From the ERIC Digest: Discussion is very often used as a tool in classrooms. When designed properly and used thoughtfully, discussion tasks can be an effective learning tool that promote creativity, as well as generate meaningful interaction and understanding for the learner. Well-designed discussion tasks lead to progressive knowledge-seeking inquiry (Scardamalia & Bereiter, 1994) or expansive learning (Engestrom, 1999) where learners are actively synthesizing new information with prior knowledge and experiences in the process of creating not only new knowledge but also new understanding of the learning process. Teachers use discussion tasks to achieve different goals: critical inquiry, debate and reflection. However, it is not difficult to ensure that "learning" will naturally occur in a discussion task. Perkins (1986) reminds teachers that the meaningfulness of a task is not found in the problem or task itself; rather, the learner has to impose his or her own meanings and defines individual goals during the process of accomplishing the task. In other words, the purpose of learning within this context is not to "get it right," but to produce something meaningful through critical inquiry, debate and reflection.

 urlLink The Evolving Status of Photojournalism Education. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Claude Cookman. It looks at how photojournalism education has changed over the years. From the ERIC Digest: Traditional photography utilizes negative film and positive prints that hold the image in an emulsion of silver for black and white or dyes for color. Light reflected from the subject activates the silver or dyes, forming a latent, invisible image. It is made visible to the human eye by development in a series of chemical baths. These analog images present a continuous tone. Digital photography records light impulses as electronic charges stored on a computer hard drive or memory disk. The image is a matrix of rows and columns. Where they intersect are small squares called picture elements, or pixels, which carry information about brightness and color. A digital image is discontinuous. Each pixel is separate from its neighbors. Typically the resolution, or number of pixels per inch, is so large that the human eye synthesizes them into an image that appears continuous. But when enlarged sufficiently, the matrix of squares becomes visible. As with all computerized technology, at the most basic level the information in each pixel comprises electronic pulses expressed as a series of 0's and 1's. Digital photographs can undergo the same operations as all computer files, including being edited, stored, copied, transformed into a variety of formats, transmitted over the Internet, deleted, etc. (Corbett, 2002)

 urlLink Exploring the Function of Heroes and Heroines in Children's Literature from around the World. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Singh, Manjari and Lu, Mei-Yu. It takes a look at children's literature from a global perspective focusing on the idea of hero. From the ERIC Digest: If anything has universal appeal among children, it is a good story with heroes and heroines. Stories with rich descriptions of the lives and personalities of inspiring individuals (mythical or real, contemporary or historical) entertain as well as serve as role models for children. Through heroes and heroines of different cultures, children develop an understanding of societal expectations and norms in various parts of the world (Stan, 2002; Tomlinson, 1998), and what it can mean to live in a particular region, or time period, or to be male or female (Rockman, 1993). The purpose of this Digest is to explore how heroes and heroines in children's literature from around the world help young learners understand and appreciate different cultures. We consider how protagonists can serve as role models for children; discuss how it is possible to obtain insights into universal and culturally specific values and beliefs through stories set in a range of settings; and conclude with some resources for determining good international and multicultural children's literature.

 urlLink Mass Communication: Technology Use and Instruction. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Shawna Brynildssen. It looks at different ways to teach about mass communication. From the ERIC Digest: There are a number of compelling reasons for incorporating technology into the instruction of journalism and mass communication. As technology plays an increasingly important role in our lives, it becomes vital to expose journalism students to that technology. Some scholars have gone so far as to state that any journalism school that does not assimilate new technology is ignoring the facts of the rapidly changing environment (Singer, Craig, Allen, Whitehouse, Dimitrova, & Sanders, 1996). And indeed, new technology is heavily used throughout the journalism and mass communication industry (Bowen & Durbin, 2001). With newspapers across the country producing online versions, and television stations broadcasting programs using high-definition images, it seems irrational for journalism schools not to follow what practitioners are employing. In fact, according to some researchers, the very nature of journalism requires its educators to take a proactive approach to using technology in instruction. Sutherland (2001) posits that because it is the job of journalists to stay on the cutting edge, journalism schools should be "pioneers" in using the new technology. There is another practical reason why journalism and mass communication educators want to use new technology: because it is cost effective (Huesca, 2000). However, it may cost more at the beginning when all the channels and equipments are not fully established.

 urlLink Evaluating and Selecting Online Magazines for Children. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Mei-Yu Lu. It examines some of the issues relating to assessing the quality of Web magazines for kids. From the ERIC Digest: The introduction and growing use of the World Wide Web since the early 1990s has enabled readers to gain immediate access to great quantities of information. This, in turn, has prompted many businesses to exploit the internet as a medium through which to promote their products and services (Brody, 1997; Clyde, 1998). Publishing for children, especially online magazines (i.e., e-zines), is no exception (Johnson, 2002). The purpose of this Digest is to provide an overview of children's e-zines. It begins with a brief review of factors that contribute to the popularity of these publications, followed by a list of criteria for selecting high-quality online magazines for children. Samples of high-quality children's e-zines are also included in this Digest.

 urlLink Supporting Early Literacy Development in Family Child Care Settings. ERIC Digest. This ERIC Digest is by Lu Mei-Yu. It looks how child care providers can help children learn to read. From the ERIC Digest: The purpose of this Digest is to provide information for family child care providers regarding children's early literacy development. A definition and the characteristics of family child care are discussed in the first part of this Digest, while the second half focuses on research-based strategies and recommendations that help support early literacy development for children enrolled in family child care settings. With growing numbers of mothers entering the work force, the need for out-of-home child care has increased dramatically in the last two decades (O'Neill & O'Connell, 2001). A recent survey by Capizzano, Adams, & Sonenstein (2000) reveals that approximately 3/4 of American children under age 5 with employed mothers are cared for by someone other than their parents during the day; and among these children, 1/5 were enrolled in family child care. Although family child care is one of the most commonly used out-of-home child care arrangements, little research is available regarding children's early literacy learning and development in such settings (Cress, 2000). As the acquisition of written language skills is critical to children's later academic success, it is important to explore how family child care providers can develop sound literacy programs as well as create literacy-rich environments that support children's early literacy development.

