 Hello ladies! Just wanted to wish everyone a wonderful turkey day! I've been thoroughly enjoying my week off...oh how this weekend will be so hard getting back into the swing of things. Only a few short weeks left till the end of another semester-wheee! Currently I'm working on setting up rotations, geez I can't believe it's time...I've also been working diligently on this essay to get into MD Anderson's oncology rotation...eek the pressure! Oh Carolina, I'm sorry to hear about your honey's cholesterol...the nice thing is with healthy diet & exercise your honey will get those numbers down in no time...it'll be fine! By the way did his doctor give him the break down as far as what his LDL vs HDL was? Just curious. I hope you guys do indulge a little during the holidays despite the news! My honey is in the great state of Oklahoma...spending T-Day with his parents..ahh he's such a sweet-face-head! "Well folks", as they say around here anyway, I'm signing off for now as I sip on my glass of cheap red wine & do a lil' reading. Take care, D

 I'm still here! Hope you have fun in the Valley, Carol! If Killy really wants to get healthy, he should have brown rice instead of white ;P Hey, how do we upload photos that aren't on the web? Do you know how to do the "amazing upload thing" that the boys use? I think everyone's just busy with the holidays, Carol -- talk to you after T-Day -- Hope you get lots of yummy gobble, gobble, etc.

 my love has high cholesterol So one of the things that my lovely husband learned when he was sick is that he has high cholesterol. Now he can't enjoy all the junk food he grew up on. I offered to make him some white rice with stir fried broccoli (mostly steamed) and he almost cried. It broke my heart too, but we are both eating healthier as a result. Last night, we had baked chicken, spinach salad, asparagus and steamed potatoes. For desert, we languished by the fireplace and enjoyed some cholesterol free white cake with mexican hot chocolate with skim milk, yummm, and watched Terminator 3. I love winter. I wish it was cold longer here. This way I could justify investing in some really nice and fun sweaters and coats. But no luck. Texas can be so drab.....

 THANKSGIVING I am looking forward to a six hour drive to the Rio Grande Valley on Wednesday. Once there, we will check into the Echo Hotel and Conference Center for the night. The next day, we travel to my brother's house for the cooking and the hanging out that happens before dinner. I grew up in a house where Thanksgiving dinner took place at Midnight. My husband thinks this is wierd. I think his family is wierd for having Thanksgiving dinner at 11:00 in the morning (What?!?!). The idea is, he explains, we have time to digest our first attempt so we could hit the leftovers later. I am used to hanging out and dancing all day, cooking all afternoon, dancing some more, drinking some sangrias or some ollitas and then relaxing to a wonderful dinner late into the night. Then we stay up singing on the guitar and dancing some more, friends and family gathered all around. The girls in the kitchen cleaning and the guys in the living room trying to best each other on the guitar or the guys in the kitchen cleaning and girls in the living room watching them and laughing. In any case, my brother, Fidel, has four kids, FOUR. There is Cesar Emanual, Lisa Marie, Felipe and Jason. They are all cute and adorable and WILD. My brother and his wife are wonderful happy people. His wife stays home and watches the kiddies and my brother works for the city. There is no way to describe their little house. It is CHOCK FULL of STUFF. I swear, they seem to collect everything. I remember at one point he had about three VCRs that he'd collected and fixed scattered about the house. Fidel has an incredible collection of matchbox cars. He has had them as far back as I remember. He also has a historic collection of record albums that are ancient and probably worth lots of money. I'm sure he has something in that house that is worth tons of money, but isn't even aware of it. Anyway, the Chavez family will bring the Turkey and potatoes and cooking wine. The Singleterrys will join us there and they will bring desert. The Mercados will provide the sides. I figure we'll spend all day cooking and making a mess while the kids play with the mountain of toys Fidel has collected over the years and go wild with so many visitors. I'm sure there will be a crying or screeching kid at various points throughout the day. Lina will periodically go outside to bury potato skins or onion peelings under her garden patch and may come back inside with a papaya or melon or something. Fidel will inevitably be sent to the nearest HEB to pick up some last minute things, butter, vegetable oil, salt, at least three times. At some point, I will take the kiddies for a walk around the neighborhood but will hurry back when the neighbors rabid dogs threaten to jump out of their little yards and rip us to pieces. Then, afternoon will start to set in. The TV will be blaring some popular Disney movie in Spanish and the kids will been scolded many times throughout the day, Lina will have pulled out her big bib and will begin to give free haircuts all around. Her littlest will take the broom and sweep up the cut hair and the second to the littlest will get the dustpan. Lina will be angry at whoever tries to wash her dishes. You know , she will tell us in Spanish, you will keep me in the poor house for washing my dishes. The early evening approaches, we are all hungry, we are all grabbing seats and food and eating and feeding our offspring as best we could. The house is still a mess from the cooking, but all that will be taken care of soon. Another movie is playing on the t.v., exhuastion sets in. Killy and I are the first to leave, we will be driving back home tomorrow. We hit the hotel and rest in preparation for another 6 hours on the road tomorrow. That's that!

 Well I hope you all know what I've done to my poor spouse. I've abused him, injured him to the point that he had to go to the ER-6 stitches in the end. Carolina knows this because our husbands were comparing stories about the ER, while Taggart was in the ER. So, the scab is healing, I got to take the stitches out, that was fun. He doesn't miss an opportunity to tell me how much he loves me, then make some cruel joke about how clumsy I am, or how he promises not to let his face get in the way of the hatchback again. I love being married! Just saw Love Actually-it was cute, but not that cute. I'm reading a book now, (Diana may be interested) about the metaphysics of healing. Being in the healing industry and all....I got to see 3 surgeries today, and you know what? I think anesthiologists are the nicest of em all. I learned so much from them today. I was kind of surprised. OK, you want to hear something funny-I probably shouldn't say it because then I may have to live up to it. Some nursing students and I are going to train to run a half marathon in Feb. So I think between running and yoga-sounds like a pretty healthy christmas right? Like I said-I probably shouldn't say it because I have been know to HATE running. So I'm crazy-but ambitiously so! Ladies, take care of your men-they need it. Don't use my case as an excuse to slam your man's face with the trunk of the car. It's not worth it.

 Just read the DaVinci Code. I really enjoyed reading this one too! It was a fast read, I normally don't get into thriller/mysteries, had a bad experience with them when I was at HCCH. But this one was well done, quick, exciting and fun! The pace of the book was such that the story threatened to veer out of control to crash and burn. I was afraid the author would be forced to bail out with some some cheesy, easy guess disclosure. But, fortunately, that never really happened. In any case, besides keeping me awake late with it's fast pace, I was continually intrigued with mind tickling anagrams and word puzzles. Although my curiousity was piqued with these superb word games, my devotion to the read was solidified with interesting anecdotes. Among these interesting tid-bits, I learned that urlLink Walt Disney was a member of the Masonic Service Association of North America. . Also, and most importantly, the unfolding of the mystery regarding the urlLink divine feminine . Obviously, this is sensitive subject matter. There are many urlLink opposing views posted all over the web about the historical accuracy of the book and what constitutes urlLink Dan Brown's agenda for publishing it. Personally, I enjoyed having my curiousity awakened enough to get me running to the nearest Borders books for some fun research. Amber, this urlLink one's for you. With this subject matter in mind, this is certainly a book for you to read, if you haven't yet. A review of the Da Vinci Code by urlLink pop matters . Read more urlLink reviews . Politics: urlLink I'm closest to Bugs Bunny .

 Check out this gorgeous urlLink orchid! What's everyone doing for the holidays?

 I think that sounds great! We could be the Naked Girl Chefs HA Baby eating spaghetti...

 Carol, if we were to make a new cookbook today with all our new-found wisdom, would it not far exceed in taste and indulgences our previous satisfactorily delicious yet culinarily sophomoric effort? I have so many better recipes now!! If only I knew then what I know now. Souffles, spices, truffles, how to keep eggplant from becoming bitter, how to keep green veggies green, how to make risotto creamy, how to fry a seafood batter to a light golden delicious brown without having it fall apart in the oil, how to make your own curry powder, how to braise lamb shanks, how to make mousse stay fluffy instead of becoming heavy and pudding-like, I could go on and on ... I think we should have our own cooking show ...

 Breakfast Recipe 1 whole wheat tortilla 1 slice low fat turkey 2 egg whites 1/4 cup chopped green and yellow zuchini 1/4 cup chopped onion and tomato 1/4 cup chopped spinach pinch parmesan cheese Spray some cooking oil into a non stick omelet pan. Over a medium flame, heat slice turkey 10 seconds on each side. Remove from heat. Spray lo-fat cooking oil into pan again. Over a low flame, toss in green and yellow zuchini and cook for 20 seconds stirring, add chopped onion and tomato, cook for 20 seconds, stirring continually. Add chopped spinach, cook for 10 seconds stirring continually. Finally, add egg whites and a pinch of parmesan cheese, stir and cover. Allow to cook for about 20 seconds, then flip. Heat tortilla and add turkey slice, top with omelet mixture. You can top this with pico, salsa, or just plain cilantro (I love cilantro with this). Salsa All my salsas are real basic. I never use oil so it is all lo-fat. Fresh tomatoes, any kind, I usually use large slicing tomatoes. Any pepper, fresh or dried, whatever you want to try, for breakfast salsa, I use jalapenos. If you want it less spicy, *remove the seeds from the peppers. If you want it to be a little spicy but palatable, use less peppers. Salt Breakfast Salsa Two large slicing tomatoes cut into four chunks each. Jalapeno peppers, See spice chart below - For my white homies- 1 pepper per tomato - For breakfast- 2 peppers per tomato plus 1 extra - For Killy and gatherings - 3 peppers per tomato - For me - 4 peppers per tomato and a GIANT bag of potato chips (I don't like this salsa with tortilla chips) In a medium pot, place tomatoes and peppers add water to cover all. Bring to a boil, let boil for 1 and a half minutes. In a blender, place peppers first (they have tougher skin and will need to be closest to the blades to be chopped up enough, or else you'll get a green chunk that can be pretty painful and/or embarrasing depending on the company), then place cooked tomatoes on top. Add salt now (not later, there's some kind of chemical reaction, I'm sure, that affects the taste if you put it in later.) Blend on high for just about 10 seconds, not too long at all. Actually, when you see the cooked tomatoes start to whirl and disintegrate, stop blending now. If you blend too long, you'll have a soupy salsa. You want it to be chunky enough to drown your eggs with it and enjoy with tortillas for breakfast. That's it! HEY AMBER Whudja do with our Christmas recipe book we made back in the day??? *In my life experience, I have never removed the seeds

 Hey Diana, the class I go to is open to all levels -- you can take the postures deeper depending on your comfort, flexibility, etc. -- I highly recommend it ... btw, I loved how Todd wrote on the boys blogger that he remembers to take his vitamins every day because you love him! :>

 My exercise tip is to take advantage of any lil opportunity. My exercise life is very sporadic...I try to walk/run any chance I get which usually amounts to 3 miles/wk & whenever I have the apartment to myself I dance for an hour or so otherwise that's it. I try doing the little things like parking far away from the grocery store, taking the stairs & streching daily etc. hoping it all adds up somehow. Amazingly enough I am burning calories...I'd like to think it's from all the little modifications of my daily habits but hours of studying may be playing a part in all this. Amber's Bikram yoga sounds so cool...is this something you have to work up to? I am considering joining a kick boxing class that one of my classmates is going to be instructing this spring! As far as good books go, I haven't had time for elective reading but in 10 days I'll have the entire week off for Turkey day...& will read The Feast of Love, a book I picked up months ago. I'll let ya'll know how it goes. I'll have to give Liz's suggestion a try as well. Amber good luck with class that sounds like so much fun! Wow! Well back to learning opioids! Take care, D

 oh, yeah, I'm looking for interesting new breakfast ideas. The criteria: must be low sugar, low carb, healthy, and fast. Any ideas? Carol, can you give me a good pico de gallo or chunky salsa recipe to go with eggs (only mildly spicy)?

 That virus Killy has sounds so awful!! Anthony is having second thoughts about being a dad now ... I'm sure he'll get over that within a day or so and start pestering me again about when we're gonna have ourselves a Junior ... wait, isn't it usually the woman who's clock starts tick-tock-ticking first? I finally made it to yoga and made up for my slouching by doing Bikram yoga, which is a style that involves very fast transitions in a room heated to 95-100 degrees -- so you sweat like mad and lose every bit of retained water by the end of it -- just what I needed. Wish me luck this weekend -- I'm teaching an orchid class at the New York Botanical Gardens and have 40 students signed up already -- the biggest class I've taught up 'till now only had 20 students!! yikes!! I'm gettin' a little noivous ovah hea' (that's my imitation of a new york accent) ...Ciao!

 Welcome Diana! What exercise tips, good books, recipes, gossip of boys, would you like to share! Good morning girls! Courage is the resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. urlLink Mark Twain

 Hello Ladies! I made it 2nd time around-its nice to be among "just girls"! Unfortunately my life seems less exciting with the every day hum drum of study..eat...study....eat.....study......eat & repeat. Carolina, what a chaotic day you had-geez..you should get mom/wife/worker of the year or something. I hope Killy is recovering well & baby forgiving you of the night alone when you were in Raleigh. Liz-How is school going? The good news is...the holidays are almost here...yeah! How is Austin life treating you? I can't wait to fly home this Christmas..I can't believe 7mos have already passed since I've been here. WOW. All ya'll need to come up here. It is so beautiful..lil chilly though. I've made it a ritual now to warm up by my baseboard heater as soon as I come home from school. Katie, my roommate makes fun of how warm I keep my room. My love sent me goose down slippers just in time so I stay pretty toasty. Todd is such a sweetie! I miss him so.... Well ladies have wonderful evenings...I have an early practical exam tom.-blah. Miss you all-take care, diana

 OH I read that book! I was a member of some obscure book club that would periodically send out FREE books to read. I don't remember what book club that was and I lost touch with them for a while now, but that was one of the books I got for free. I love the part about the guy who collects specimens with a swab and stores them in bottles. Didn't he carry them around in a briefcase? I can't remember all the details now, but it really was a great book. Memoirs of a Geisha.

 Liz, Tell about your weekend! All, My big beautiful husband went to the emergency room Sunday morning, 'bout 3 am or so. He had been complaining of fever and sores in his mouth. Turns out, the baby gave him some baby virus that spawned into some giant contagious yucky monster yuck in my honey's beautiful being. Of course, I was tired and worried about my job since I worked from home on Friday (work??? - yeah right...). Seems my mother in law thought it was her day off or something. All sorts of errands and all sorts of last minute emergencies that required her to be off and running throughout the day leaving baby crying for mommy's attention all day. Not only was it impossible for me to be the ideal employee with screeching angel hanging on my knees, but I was a complete failure as the loving doting mommy because of the many work related fires burning out of control with my absence and a less than perfect caring and supportive wife to my sick husband with all of this going on. AAARRGGGHHH. I finally practically screamed for relief and help when grandma came home about 2:00 pm with yet another list of errands to run!!! WAIT a minute! My husband is deathly ill...I couldn't very well leave my feverish contagious husband with the baby this morning when you went to "drop Barbara off at school" only to not be back until well after 10:00 am. By then, I was already trying to stomp out a fire taking place at work via email. So I couldn't very well leave everything up in the air while I take the half hour ride into the office. Who knows what could have happened during that time. Only to find you rushing out the door for a lunch date with your daughter. See, my husband stayed home because he was sick. I stayed home because you weren't here, but I am supposed to be at work. All I need is ONE HOUR to put out ANOTHER fire. OH... I'm sorry mijita. I will take the baby for a walk. which she did. But while I was fixing problem number 2, I had completely neglected my daily responsibilities which will only pile up on me for a Monday catch up session. BUT WAIT! Giant fire number THREE!!! and the day is almost gone and the baby and grandma are back I just need to got pick up Barbara from school. Should I take the baby with me? Baby screeching for me to pick him up - he still hasn't forgiven me for leaving him for the one night I needed to be in Raleigh Brow is sweating, a meeting room is double booked, fifteen people flying in all over US to the meeting I am responsible for. HUGE headache. Please take him with you. Found other meeting space, great price, notify everyone, make hotel changes, arrange car pools. Grandma is back with Barbara. Carol, Mom wants to know if she should bring the baby in now... Not yet please Grandma walks in with sleeping baby who promptly wakes up and spies me talking on the phone with my boss. No, everything is OK.. I found a meeting room right down the street. We got a previously canceled room at a great price. Lunch will be... Grandma sneaks back out with now screeching baby. Barbara rushes out in a thick fog of sickeningly sweet Victoria's Secret perfume Sudden stabbing guilt at the thought of subjecting my baby to such environmental hazards. It's past 4 and everyone in Raleigh is gone for the day, can't do much else but stress for the rest of the weekend, which I proceeded to do without hesitation. Go and hug my husband for the 45 seconds I have before baby gets home SCREECHING for me. Love love kiss kiss, feel better baby... Baby is home, screeching resumes, hug hug, kiss kiss, chase chase, growl growl, giggle giggle, read read, bathe bathe, sleep sleep... 3 am That was Friday. Saturday will follow.....

 I just got home from work at the Banana...I didn't buy anything today, I'm so proud! usually I'll buy whatever damaged stuff they have for like $5, then try to fix it. It's funny though, since I can't really even sew on a button. Carol, while you give your son a bath, Taggart gives our dog a bath...he talks to him, washes his hair, he gets so muddy so he gets a bath like once a week. That ceviche recipe was making my mouth water...gotta try it, but it won't be as good as yours. THat sweet potato stuff, Amber, mmmmmmm. Thankfully, I have three sweet potatoes (about 2 months old) but still good! I'll fix em up soon. Frozen pizza is so easy though....Actually, all this stress from school has made me lose weight. I better make sure the frozen pizza doesn't catch up though! Yoga tomorrow!!! Taggart even likes it now! what a man. If you haven't read memoirs of a Geisha yet, do it. one of my favorite books.

 Hey -- no guys allowed -- what's killy doing reading about my lame yoga excuses?? ;>

 HELLO GIRLS! I'm back from traveling yesterday! Went to a training class at my corporate office in Raleigh, NC yesterday. It's nice when you can visit some people you work with, take them to lunch, have a nice chat, then leave. Leave them all behind with their office politics and their water cooler gossip. Speaking of gossip. I picked up another book at the airport. As a newbie traveler, I don't really know what books to get so I am reading lots of jackets, inside covers, looking at what other people are getting. Not until the morning I was checking out of the hotel did I peruse the complimentary USA Today left at my door and notice (killy is reading over my shoulder and chuckling about how crazy we are, now he's kissing the back of my head and neck to give him undivided attention) that there's a book list IN THE USA TODAY! OK But for now, I already had a book. And it was amusing and entertaining. Yes, I'm one of those people who sit there laughing at the funny parts and expressing all sorts of emotion, albeit quietly, still unashamedly, while reading my book. There were tears, laughter, excitement and driftwood dolphin sculptures. Pretty funny book. I finished reading it in three hours. The Boy Next Door by urlLink Meggin Cabot OK girls, Amber, shame on you. Liz, get off your butt or you'll end up like me! The hotel has a gym, I was on the FX machine for half an hour. For the next half hour, I did all the weight machines that were there. This! at the hotel. I wanted to feel good in my new Victoria's Secret surprise! So there! By the way, I am proud to say that I was wearing a size 8 skirt all day yesterday. And was not uncomfortable one bit. Recipe, Prepare the day before Prep time, 25 mins Ceviche 3 lb fresh red snapper filet 1 large red tomato 1 large yellow onion 4 deseeded, deveined jalapeno peppers 1 bunch fresh cilantro 4 cups key lime juice 2 small avocados Salt to taste Night before, in a large freezer bag, place entire red snapper filets and all the key lime juice making sure that all of the flesh is covered in the juice. Zip and put in refrigerator overnight. 2 Hours before, take the bag of filets out of the fridge, set aside. Mince all the other ingredients except for the avocado. Mix together in a medium bowl to make the pico. Set aside. Take the filets out of the lime juice. Separate the flesh from the skin using your fingers (if there was no skin, then just use your fingers to tear the cooked flesh). This way you make sure there aren't any bones left in it. Now you mix the snapper and the pico together until fully combined. Add salt to taste. With your hands, shape the mixture into an oval. Use the avocados to create fins or scales. Serve with tostadas and Cholula hot sauce (looks like tabasco). Dark and light dos equis served over ice with a little salt! Yumm!

 I had a million excuses why I couldn't do yoga today -- it's raining, I don't want my yoga mat to get wet, the subway's running too slow, I'll be late, I'm dehydrated, I feel constipated, I exercised on Sunday, etc, etc ... so I'm afraid I'm not as inspirational as I aspired to be today. Oh, I have a recipe for you, Liz -- I made whipped sweet potatoes the other day with lime and cayenne pepper -- to die for! the lime brings out such a tangy zesty flavor in the sweet potatoes -- an unexpected combo but it works -- just peel sweet potatoes, cut into 2" chunks and drop in boiling water for about 20 minutes or until soft, then put in a bowl and add some butter and a little milk to lighten them up a little, then add lime juice (about 1-2 TBSP for 3 potatoes) and 1 tsp of cayenne (or more if you really like it spicy) -- and then blend/puree in a food processor or with an electric blender -- um, um, goooooood!

 How cool! Good Books...well I haven't read anything but nursing books in a while, and nobody wants to hear about that. I haven't cooked anything in a while either, bad wife syndrome, but I'd love to hear all about easy, cultural recipes. I loved the shots of little Gandalf...and that twirling around on the floor dance, ohmigod-so funny! I can't wait until thanksgiving-tag and i will be in houston for a couple days so we can visit all the houstonians. I'm meeting Taggart over at his bosses house, their cooking dinner and drinking (way too much) wine. That should help me deal with my stressed out condition right now. If I could write in a font that was all squiggly to express my stress, I would. Yoga! I've been going to this great studio in Austin-I hope you girls inspire me to get off my duff and back on my majic yoga mat!

 I love it!! This is an excellent chance for us to talk about chic stuff: books we love, movies, what we're doing on the weekend, our jobs, our men, our bosses, our gardens, yoga, weird diets, poems we've written, and all the other good stuff that the boys just don't understand. Aaaaah, I feel so relaxed here -- I think I'll just curl up on a comfy sofa with a cup of honey-chamomile tea and read whatever you brilliant girls come up with next -- scones, anyone?

 Girls. This blog is a safe refuge from the inane chatter currently making up the boys' blog, killyandfriends. Today marks day one of good, funny, exciting and interesting thought sharing. This is our opportunity to show our boys that there is more to this good world than a computer and a game of war. So let's go girls! Let's do this thing right! Check out urlLink pixeltees.com . I love Chiaopis pixels! My store is urlLink Two Right Feet . Love Love!

 Spent last night hanging with adolph, amber, diana, todd, brent, killy and killito - we talked to one of the new train conductors - he was excited to talk to interested civilians about the new urlLink metro of Houston. The plan is, spend the night at Adolph's, wake up tomorrow and ride the train up and down houston. woo hoo! I can't wait! So, what are your plans for the new year? Next year, first thing I gotta do, is look for a new job! Ask me about it!

 check urlLink this out lots of interesting reads so what is everyone reading these days i just started urlLink Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right . Funny guy! I'm laughing hysterically the whole time! anyway then Killy got me urlLink Serve it Forth by M. F. K. Fisher. I can't wait to start reading that one! Unfortunately, the only time I really have to read is after the baby is asleep, which can be pretty late sometimes. And then that means I have to choose between going to sleep or reading. Hmmm.. I've been coming to work late this week. Speaking of this week. It's so slow here, i just want to choke. how are you doing? Oooh Oooh Look at urlLink this site!

 the urlLink best written blog around wouldncha know it belle du jour is a blog site i just happened to read because i was bored outta my mind at work and it's a gem i tell you urlLink take a look there are some interesting links too

 hello fellow citizens of the united states - well, maybe not quite yet - but very soon i hope I am completing my application to become a legal citizen of the United States of America! YAY! But FIRST - I have to read a 57 page guide to Naturalization What a strange word. To become naturalized Means urlLink to bring into conformity with Nature But it also means to cause (as a plant) to become established as if native intransitive senses : to become established as if native . Hmmm. So I will be brought to conformity with nature like a native plant. YAY I am a delicate flower of promise. I will bloom with tomorrow. But first, I must make my voice heard. I intend to vote in the presidential elections. Wish me luck!

 unless you think urlLink this is more fun. I can't even imagine. I like my job.

 Hope you had a wonderful christmas I know I did. My husband and my son gave me a Spa Day at J. Claude's in Montrose. I had a massage for the first time in my life. I found out I was very flexible (or is that one of the things massoosesses like to tell their clients, like pedicurists who like to tell their clients that they are so pletty, face so lound ) and that I actually had tension in my back. I would have never known. I don't know if it's because I haven't paid attention to me that I have grown into a masochist making pain a normal and everday part of my life or if he was trying to convince me that I needed to come back. If it was the latter, he didn't have to do that. All he needed to do was what he did, and that was knead me into a ball of soft putty. aaahhhhhh My husband does love me after all! It was really nice to have 5 hours of personal attention by people trying to convince me that I wasn't a boring, struggling, working tired out sleepless mom. But that I was a glamorous gem of unaltered natural beauty and that it was a privilege to be trimming my tresses and softening my cuticles. man oh man If you haven't done it, you really should! Killy also bought me a really nice digital camera that actually fits into my many mini purses! I love it! I love it! I love it! And so does Killy. My sister sacrificed herself to buy me my signature scent, patchouli. Maru is extremely allergic to processed fragrances and for her to stand in line at a perfume store for this special treat FOR ME because she loves me was a BIG deal. And I got her a CUTEY little outfit for the holidays!

 Merry Christmas, everyone!! I remember my mom used to take such good care of me when I would get sick -- she would dote over me and feed me lots of soup and juice and put cool towels on my forehead ... it was so nice and so soothing but eventually I think I actually started to get sick more often just so I could stay home from school and have my mom pay attention to me ... and then I got pneumonia when I was 13. For the first time, I realized how terrible being sick could be -- I was sick for like 2 or 3 months -- the fever dreams were so spectacular, I still remember those, so vivid and real. I remember seeing my entire body represented by a gigantic life-size chess board and all the white blood cells in my body were the white chess pieces fighting for good health and the black chess pieces were the pnuemonia growing and festering in my lungs -- I was coughing and in bed for what seemed like an entire winter. And then I had dreams about going through a tunnel of bombs flying past me, filling up the sky all around as far as the eye could see. After that, I decided being sick was no fun and strengthened my resolve to get sick as infrequently as possible. Nowadays, I just don't have time to be sick. It's just too much of a pain in the ass. So I take my vitamins, get plenty of sleep, etc, etc... I think the worst thing for sick people may be having too good of a nurse, like my mom, to take care of you. It spoils you somehow.

 Congratulations little d! Your big brain is legendary in this small cow-poke town! I hope we get to see you before you disappear into your books again. So much for traditions. I am sad to report that we haven't made tamales this year. We haven't taken our Christmas family portrait in front of the Christmas tree either. Oh well, come si come sa . Killy is still sick and I am at work. I'm tired. Hope everyone is having a great Christmas.

 OK Grandma has been sick. Killy tells me that I have no empathy for people who are sick. It's true, I'm sad to say. Maybe it's because I am never sick. Or at least, I refuse to be sick. After listening to MamaLynda coughing all last week and watching her feebly surviving each day, I tried to understand why she was so knocked out by this. It's really hard for me to imagine being knocked out by something that isn't causing my lungs to swell through my ribcage or my temperature to soar to obscene levels. I'm talking to my sister about illnesses right now. I don't remember being sick as a little girl, but apparently she does. She tells me that I would get sick VERY often. My symptoms would include super high fevers and were always a dramatic event for the family as they would often sit by listening to me ranting feverishly through my turbulent nightmares. Maru tells me that she would sneak by the "isolation" room where I would invariably be placed, and watch my mother praying over me, rubbing my naked body with alcohol and sloshing wet rags all over me to bring down my temperature. She would yell to my mother that I was going crazy when my fevers would bring me to a new point of deliria. She remembers looking at me during my feverish highs and wondering if I was asleep or awake as my eyes were half open and I would be screaming and mumbling deliriously. I asked her if I was mean and impatient with her whenever she got sick. Maru says she never got sick. But when she did, she said I would complain a lot because I had to do her housework. Boy, I sure don't like myself in my sister's eyes. But then, Maru reveals to me, that she is the same! She also recognizes that she has no patience for people who get sick. My brother says this... Maru hardly got sick. You got sick more. When you got sick, you were like a little sickly bird. You were so skinny. And your baby hair on your forehead was always wet, like a little newborn bird. Your eyes never shut all the way when you slept. And your eye lids were so thin, like a newborn bird. I remember always feeling scared seeing you sick. But you were brave. You always seemed to be in Carol-land instead of sick land. As weak as you were, you were brave. Especially that one Christmas Eve. We were all waiting for midnight to open our gifts after church. You were so sick. But you fell asleep. When midnight came, I ran to get you but all I saw as a sickly bird in a nest of coats and jackets on mom's bed. I felt bad because you wanted to open the gifts so bad but you were sickly. Maru, just ignored being sick altogether. It's like she didn't even know she was sick. When I get sick, I'm a big baby. Thing is, I can be sick and I'm fine. But, occassionally, I really, really get very sick. When that does happen, I don't ask for things, I just make you feel guilty. But now, nobody pays attention to me. And, if anybody does do something for me, I don't feel it's enough. So, I just deal with it myself. Ironically, when others get sick, I think they are just making it worse than what it is. I think they are just doing it for attention. Except for Adi & Thalia, I just feel so helpless when they are sick and I spoil them. So all of us have this wierd impatience with people who let their illness be on display, as if advertising for sympathy. Maru tells me she thinks it's because of my parent's attitude when they were sick. She says that they would just get up and go. That there was too much to do to waste time being sick. So with this in mind, many questions arise... Does this mean that I am sick each time I wake up with a sniffley nose? Does this mean I should stay home for an entire week nursing a little cough? Hmmm...

 Killito: Knock Knock Mom: Who's there? Killito: In the... Mom: In the who? Killito: Egg Nog Mom: In the egg nog?

 Lots of stuff happening this season. Finally took Killu to get pics with Santa at the Galleria. That was fun! I took last Thursday off as a vacation day because I deserved it and I wanted to spend the day with my little baby boy. The morning started off slow and easy with breakfast at urlLink Empire . We managed to wake Paul Mercado and drag him out into the morning. Killu ran around all over the place after eating the contents of a giant breakfast taco with chorizo and egg. He also gobbled down a small sweet risotto. He munched on cookies while maneuvering between occupied tables and chairs and charmed everyone in the restuarant with his little diaper booty shaking to a fro with each step. Then we took Paul to urlLink Diedrich's and left him there to tackle the traffic to the urlLink Galleria on our own. It wasn't too bad, we got there in record time to arrive 20 mins before Santa was to appear. There was one couple there before us, had been there since 9:30 (ten minutes before we got there) with their little three year old angel boy (everyone compared to my little one seems to be an angel these days). So we proceeded to wait, wich meant, I got to chase Killu around to keep him from eating the dangerous poinsettias or from getting on the dangerous escalator (MAN was that scary). He did climb up and down the stairs though, with mom right behind him. Santa arrived at 10:00 AM with his two helpers. One was a surly large woman, the holiday vest did NOTHING for her. The other, a young sweet girl with tons of face powder. Surly was not happy. Powder explained that the cameras could not be found and that we would possibly have to wait a little while. Killu started violently bucking in my arms screeching to be set free to run. Angel boy looked on wide eyed with wonder (You were just like that not too long ago, I said to him in my head). I let Killu run and chased after him shouting my stats to Powder for my order form. As Killu ran around the Mini Santa village, I could see Surly was making little progress, even with two cell phones and one land line all a-ringing like the holidays. At one point I heard her proclaim, "Yes I will hold and I must tell you that I don't like your attitude...No you don't understand...!!" Boy, I wouldn't want to be in her shoes, I thought as I ran after Killu who managed to walk into a Crystal store (they advertised on three t.v. screens that your 3-D likeness could be immortalized in a crystal brick - looked kind of morbid like the face of a dead person lying face up in a crystal casket). I chased him back out into the staircase again, which he proceeded to happily climb. 10:40 AM Checked back with Powder, Surly had run off with a distressed and stressed out looking man "to seek the lost cameras". It should be 20 minutes or so, says Powder. GREAT! Now we've been out of the house since 7:30 AM, Killu has run around to near exhaustion and nap time is fast approaching. Change of scenery was needed as I watched him ready to explode into Mr. Hyde. I took him away to the snack area where I ordered an iced Chai latte with tapioca balls. The lady who served it spilled some on me. Great! Killu screeching for me to pick him up, hmmmm, he's tired. Saw the clock on the wall, it's 11:00 AM. We went downstairs and found 10 COUPLES in line with beautiful children. Camera was finally found and was working. GREAT! I thought, Now I have to stand in line. So I took my place at the end of the line behind double strollers bearing twin angelic little girls, dad's burping little newbies on their giant shoulders, moms licking their hands and plastering their little boys cowlicks down. Killu wanted to get out of my arms again and run up the escalator. Powder saved me at that moment by spotting me and signaling me to come up ahead. SURE DID! Killu and I were next, and he was not happy. Instinctively, he did not want to release my sweater. When I pried his little fingers away, he pouted, severely, in Santa's arms. Inwardley, I thanked him for not bucking in Santa's arms (a new little trick he loved to use on me). He continued to look to the ground with his adorable little pout. Camera guy yelling and hooting, mama standing a few feet away bouncing and caw-cawing or something, I don't even know what I was doing but it was making everyone else laugh except Killu, who coolly looked aside, steady and sober. I reached for his face and ran back. Did this three times before he looked up, obviously unhappy and tortured. SNAP

 Liz, I heard about your weekend trek to the valley (see urlLink boy's blog ). I'm sorry about all of that. My prayers are with you! Love you!

 Please ignore all of that -- it did print my message about the snow, etc. after all. Anyhoo, maybe once Anthony and I buy a place you can bring your baby boy up for a visit so he can play in the snow and see the Big Apple -- plus then we'll have more room so you can hopefully have your own bedroom to stay in comfortably when you visit and then you and killy will decide to move to nyc and then todd and diana will move here and so will liz and taggart and amber and adolph and paul and dave and megan and colin & family and we'll all live on the same block in our own beatnik version of an artist/intellectual community where free thinking and creative inspiration are all we care about as we frolic in snow and drink hot chocolate and spend time with good friends and stuff like that ... so how 'bout it?!

 I think my last blog got edited off the blog because it was too controversial -- they sent me an e-mail that the word s h * t was not allowed already -- what did I do now? It's been completely wiped out ... It was right after Carol's xmas blog and right before her cute poodle pic. -- Posted by Amber Scott to Persephone Risen at 12/8/2003 05:40:22 PM Powered by Blogger Pro

 I don't know what the blog is doing there is a small entry that Amber tried to post asking about a 'nuther entry but it didn't get done posted for some reason Amber, I am so jealimonous that you are having a WHITE Christmas as all God-Given Christmases were meant to be while I sit here in my shorts and crop tops sweatin and a'sweatin in the heat of the winter-time. Makes no sense I tell you! I often wonder where my little boy will end up when he is 30 years old. Will he be living in Texas, or will having been raised here cure him of all the blistery evils of it's overgrown sun and frolicking in normal temperate zones where seasons DO exist by golly! One of my life's goals is to have my baby spend a Christmas in the snow while he is still young to enjoy it without restraint. Speaking of life's goals Here's a small list. - Eat a lobster on the rocky coasts of Maine while wearing a cable knit sweater and jeans - Go to Hawaii, sleep in a tent and fish for my dinner - Go to Spain and paint a portrait of my husband - Buy a luxury motorcycle and take a road trip across the USA and write all about it - Own a collection of sassy wigs - Learn Portuguese - Open a bed & breakfast in the mountains of central Mexico - Get a university degree of some sort (English or Art or both) - Publish something (already did that, wanna do it again) - Quit my job, be a stay at home mom and be a virtual assistant and give aerobics classes in the evening (sigh...) Some things to think about. How bout you?

 We measured 12" of snow on our deck this weekend -- the conifers looked so pretty all outlined in white with the fake red berries I had attached to their limbs poking out here and there -- I especially love the way Central Park looks in the snow -- Fifth Avenue running up alongside with sparse traffic moving very slowly along it and all the usual city sounds are muffled by the snow and all the bare tree branches are covered on top with a layer of snow about 1" thick that just outlines their silhouttes in subtle splendour... I went Christmas shopping in the blizzard on Saturday -- not content with staying home and roasting my toes by the televised fire -- I went to the Soho Apple store and gawked at all of the prices on Microsoft software that has made Bill Gates too stinking rich for his own darn good -- and then I looked over at Photoshop and nearly fainted at the $600 price tag -- seeing as how I was considering buying my first legal copy until I realized what it is that makes software piracy so attractive ... but then I looked down at the scaled-down version of Photoshop Elements and decided I liked the $100 price tag much better -- the sales guy said it only made a diff. if I plan on editing video or animation, which I don't, so I bought it and then rewarded myself for being so financially savvy by making my way over to Fauchon on Park Avenue for some fancy Parisian chocolates which were , yummmm, so good they make Godiva look like wax chocolate by comparison ... I bought all the girls in our families small boxes of chocolates there and then headed over to Home Depot to buy gift certificates for the guys... I made it home finally covered in snow and laden down with boxes and spent 4 hours scrambling around like a maniac wrapping presents, making pretty little bows in the beginning, and toward the end settling for tissue paper and gift bags as the hours wore on... Ah, what a relief, Christmas shopping is all done and now I can focus on creating more botanic gardens classes -- they've increased my number of classes from 10 to 20 since the last class was sold out and got really good reviews ... excellent news, now I've got to actually come up with the course materials I promised. Should keep me very busy this winter ... Ciao bellas, good luck with the shopping and stay warm!

 got my poodles again this morning.

 I already have MotherInLaws gift, one sister in laws gift, some of killy's gifts, some of killito's gifts. I have yet to get my sister her gift, although I already got her bday gift. I already got Margaret her bday gift too and took care of BBA's gift. Just need to finalize Killy's gift and maru's and one SIL. Then we tackle the kiddies' gifts. Lots of kiddies, and our secret santa. BOY I have a lot to do this in the next week and a half.

 I just learned that our old friend Lisa Westerbeck will be ringing these bells soon!!! CONGRATULATIONS!! I hope everyone had a great weekend! My little family spent the weekend with good friends. Which is exactly how I would love to spend every weekend if I could. I must report that my husband has not made it to the running track yet (not even after Thanksgiving weekend). But he did enjoy his first real guitar lesson which happened this Saturday. Killito woke me up pretty early on Saturday, made breakfast for everyone who was home and then sat in the living room to watch Finding Nemo with the baby. Daddy joined us pretty early on so I could have my legs free to cook (baby likes to cling to my legs for undivided attention from me at any given moment). And then we played around and cleaned our room and did all sorts of miscellaneous things until baby needed his nap. I took a nap with him for three hours. I hate taking a nap in the middle of the day. I usually wake up with a headache. About 3:00 PM, I woke up with a HUGE headache. Killy sensed this and suggested we leave the house to do something outside. I was more than happy to leave the confines of the house so we went to the park. It was wonderfully chilly out and Killito loved it. Some kid was having a birthday party at the park and there were all sorts of crazed and manic kids running and screaching and chasing each other with make believe ray guns or swords, girls yelling for the boys to save them (from who???) and boys trying to beat each other with games of strength. Killito just watched wide eyed and amazed. Every once in a while interjecting an "OOOhmm!" or "Dah?!". We explored the playthings. He didn't like the slide. I think it had to do with his big baby shoes curling under his legs as he slid causing him to tumble forward and slide on his face. So we abandoned that pretty quickly. He liked pushing the swing and climbing where he could. Daddy practiced his guitar while baby and I explored and watched the crazed kids. We left the park after about an hour and went for ice cream. Baby doesn't like to drink milk from a cup so I worry about how much calcium he gets. Ice cream is a good way to get it, so we try to take him to get ice cream no more than once a week. He loves it! Then we went to Houston to see Paul and hang out for a while. We got some pizza and went to Adolph's place. Adolph got home pretty late but Killito stayed awake just so he could see his favorite Godfather. Then he gladly stayed awake longer to play with him. We didn't get home until midnight and boy, Killito was tired!!! My lovely husband let me sleep in on Sunday. He fed Killito and bathed him and did laundry and was wonderful. He is such a beautiful man. But soon we were on the road to Houston to hang out with Adolph, Amber and Paul again. We stayed their the entire day. It was nice and Killito got a really good nap in Adolph's freezing room. Killy, Paul and Adolph played computer games and I relaxed with my little sleeping angel. Killy and I went back home about 6:00 PM or so with plans to take our family Christmas portrait. Killy got to go see Ted Leo during the middle of the week last week( I'm sure you have looked at the boy's blog about that). We are so looking forward to being able to do things together again in the evening. But naturally, when the weekend comes around, Grandma needs a break and is usually not available for any significant amount of time to allow Killy and I a real date. I don't even know what a real date is any more. Not that I'm complaining, I love being with my little baby boy, but I miss my husband too you know. So Killy gets to go to these shows when they come around and I haven't been able to join him. So that's what's been going on with me. How bout you??

 So I went to the Hot Bagel Shop this morning for a handful of poodles. The pretty black guy with fun dreads calls these tasty treats poodles, and I just got a kick out of it. Now I want them every morning, plus, it's nice to be flirted with in the morning. These are mini bagel dogs, three of them are enough to fill you up, yummm, with a hot cup of coffee. Boy do I love coffee! This coffee is a Starbuck's blend. It has just the right amount of bitter and richness that I need first thing in the morning. Anyway, this morning was a little unusual in that everyone in the Hot Bagel Shop was there with their little kiddies. They must have been about three or four at least and they were CUTE. I missed my little baby back in Sugarland and I longed to be visiting the Hot Bagel Shop with my little boy this morning. There was a little blue eyed boy named Sam who wanted to go out into the busy parking lot, "NO SAM, stay with mommy!" the petite, casually, well dressed and well coiffed woman sweetly cooed. He reminded me of my little baby boy with his milky white skin and fine silky locks. I wanted to chew on his cheeks! Killito woke up today with the biggest smile. I didn't want to come to work, I wanted to stay home with him all day and take him to the park and explore and play all day. Of course, I got to work late, but I was able to smell my baby and kiss my little boy for a few more minutes. Waiting for my poodles, I watched the mothers and father interacting with their children. They were vaguely aware of the people around them focusing all their attention and efforts on conversing with the chirpy little kiddies, "Mommy, I LIKE these!" a little girl in a flowered crocheted sweater gleefully announced. She knelt on her stool and poked her poodle. Another little boy, older than the others, hid behind his daddy's legs, eyeing me shyly. I waved and smiled at him, he shrunk further back and put on his sunglasses to hide. I thought about how nice it would be to live in this area again. We lived only a few blocks from the Hot Bagel Shop and have walked here on a few Saturday mornings. Always a nice walk, now a new Chipotle's was being built right around the corner and I love Chipotle. Plus, this is the type of place where I feel Killy and I belong. It's only too bad that the property taxes and house prices are so high... It really would be nice though... I took my bag of poodles and my coffee and got back on the road to work, dreaming of a fine house in the Montrose/River Oaks area... Maybe one day...

 Did you know our loving Reverend Meagan E Jones is prego and so is Jennifer (Kabay) Barnett FYI

 That's how you do it. It's never easy, especially when they are in your family. But the fact is, even if they don't like you, they will be stuck with you forever. Normally, I separate myself from people who don't like me. Believe it or not, they exist, and thanks to one person in my family, I remembered this horrible fact. Unfortunately, because this person is a member of my family, I can't distance myself from them. Instead, I smile, change the subject, and walk away. Thankfully, I get to go home with my loving husband after the experience. Everything is better now. Sorry baby, it's not easy, but it can be handled. Also, Killy and I agreed that Thanksgiving is with my family, Christmas is with his and New Years is just us, hopefully with friends, but not family. Maybe you and Ant'ny can make similar arrangements. LOVE YOU Have babies NOW

 Yesterday was Barbara Ann's birthday. She was excited to celebrate her 16th birthday with her family gathered round at the urlLink Olive Garden . My little baby was just excited to explore and run around a new place than anything else. Killy and I really splurged and got BBA a Teen Facial at urlLink Sensia Studio for her special gift. I myself have never had a facial, but I understand they are wonderful. She was very happy with all her gifts (especially with the S&M heels her mom innocently bought for her from the birthday wish list). Killy and I habitually refuse to indulge some of her more ridiculous requests by never even looking at her wish list. She has come to expect this from us, thankfully, and seems to genuinely like what we have given her after much thought. I was so scared that dinner would be a chaotic experience and that somehow Killy and I would be stuck paying an extra 30.00 from someone skipping out early or "forgetting" to include gratuity in their share. But happily, the staff accomodated our needs by separating our bill. Also, thankfully, we were NOT embarassed by anyone complaining about the service, loudly and frequently while demanding meticulous attention the whole time. This is such a normal part of these outings that I have learned to make myself scarce most of the time by following Killito around on his little excursions. All in all, BBAs birthday was one of the more tolerable celebrations yet. Although I still came home exhausted from smiling and not pointing out that gifts from Mexico were brought to every girl in the family but me. Hmmm, I guess I'm still considered an outsider. Somehow, this is a great relief to me.

 The holidays can be stressful -- so full of expectations and the pressure to create great memories for years to come. I even found them stressful sometimes with my own family. This is my 3rd holiday season with the Fredas and for some reason I got myself worked up into a frenzied ball of nerves this Thanksgiving -- not sure why, perhaps it was because I hadn't done my yoga for the week ... or maybe it was Anthony's fiesty red-headed sister Elizabeth saying my mom's sister's name (Corliss) sounds like a W.A.S.P. name to her, or maybe it was when she said she hates liberals as she stared at me pointedly, but then I have to remind myself that she's half crazy and her particular mix of anti-depressants, marijuana, coffee, and cigarettes all of which she uses habitually and in massive amounts, is probably more to blame for her outbursts than any real feelings of animosity towards me. "Your sister stresses me out," I tell Anthony when we have a moment alone. "You act as though you're dealing with a sane person," he tells me, "Remember, you can't take anything she says seriously." Ah, a strange predicament. What does one do with a crazy woman? And the weird thing is, she can be so loveable one moment and so irritating the next -- the day after her weirdness she was hugging me, apologizing, and offering to give me one of her special Shiseido facial massages. She doesn't even remember half the crazy shit she says anyway -- when I moved here from Texas she said to me in genuine amazement: "You moved all the way from Texas to America?" It would be funny if she hadn't been so serious when she said it. This coming from a 33-year-old woman, I knew I was in trouble. So back to my original question, what does one do with a crazy woman? Ignore her? Laugh at her? Respond? What? I haven't figured it out yet -- at least Thanksgiving is over. All of the rest of Anthony's family is really great. I love his mom and dad so much!! And his other sister, Christine, is also wonderful and our friendship seems to be steadily growing every time we hang out. So what to do? I guess I have a few weeks to think it over until the next family get together -- Christmas...

 Hello all! Hope everyone's Turkey Day was just as wonderful as mine! It started Wednesday afternoon. I was able to leave the office at noon, which I did enthusiastically. Naturally, my husband couldn't get out of work until about 1:00 or so. I spent some time at Walgreens and picked up some Christmas stocking stuffers in the meantime. When we got home, the plan was to put everything in the car and start driving right away. This would get us into the valley just after sundown with enough time to relax and hang out before hitting the bed. Well, Killito had just fallen asleep when we got home at about 1:30. He woke up at the sound of our voices, and wouldn't go back to sleep unless I nursed him and lay down next to him. So I did. And because I was so tired from having stayed up the night before packing everything, I promptly fell asleep with him. Two hours later, I woke up to the sound of drunken shouting out in the living room. Apparently, Barbara's dad had arrived with his brother in tow to pick up Barbara for her Thanksgiving trip to his house. In my sleepy haze, I realized that everyone in the house was taking a nap too and that Bob and brother had entered the house through the open garage door. In any case, I immediately got up and began loading everything in the car, furious with myself for having wasted two precious hours. I didn't want to be getting in so late. Killy, who had fallen asleep in the living room, realized the state I was in and hurried to help me. The baby was still asleep so we could take advantage of this time to load everything without his interruption. We finally left at 4:30. The six hour trip was extended by one hour because of the two pit stops we had to give Killito a break. He was adorable, running through the Stuckies' touching all the shiny crunchy potato chip bags, throwing all the bags of peanuts on the floor and banging on the water and coke refrigerators. All sorts of women and young girls would approach him and ask to touch him, for fear of inadvertantly leaving evil eye residue on him. Sure, I'd relent, and Killito would suspiciously eye these strangers as they caressed his head and cheek. Along the way, we discussed our sleeping arrangements. Last year, my sister in law was hurt that we decided to stay at a hotel instead of at her house. She has a cute little house, but on that occasion, my parents were there and they were staying in one room. But she still felt hurt that we didn't stay with her. Killy and I decided to avoid the potentially sticky situation and sleep at the house this time thinking we would save money in doing so. We got to my brother's house at 11:00 PM where Lina had just also arrived from shopping all day. The funny thing was, she didn't get any grocery shopping done. So Killy had to make a run to the HEB for stuffing and other miscellanies. We didn't get to bed until around midnight or so and Killito was too excited when seeing his cousins that at first, he fought like a wild cat against going to bed. But soon, I got him to sleep, and sleep he did. And he was the only one who slept. Thursday My brother had acquired 4 dogs during the last year. And these weren't about to be forgotten. The entire night was a welcome concert in our honor, performed by four mongrel mutts just outside our bedroom window. Poor Killy, grumbling and mumbling to keep himself sane. No sleep for us. Not only that, our family of three shared a full sized bed. A comfortable arrangement considering our other options, two couches or the floor. I woke up at 5:00 AM made the stuffing with veggie butter and diced veggies (yummm) put the turkey in the oven and went back to bed. I woke up two hours later mortified because I didn't season the bird. Oh Well... We had dinner at 2:00 PM (Turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes made with veggie butter and skim milk, asparagus, cranberry sauce, apple pie) with the idea that we would be visiting Lina's family at about 6:00 PM for more food. But everyone was too tired to consider that idea. We stayed home and let Lina visit her cousins and aunt without us. Sleep was welcome but made itself scarce again. Someone clogged the guest toilet and the kids wouldn't go to bed. Killy grumbled and mumbled a little louder this night and vowed never to do this again, who cares whose feelings got hurt! He finally rolled out of bed at about 2:00 AM to try to capture sleep in the living room. I don't know what was up with those dogs, but they were at it all night long again. Killy didn't get any sleep at all. Neither did I for that matter. But I was just grateful that I could close my eyes and put my feet up for a little while. Friday The next day, we hurried out of there FAST! We had strategically made breakfast plans with Killy's sisters in town. We met them at a little dive (all decent restaurants in the valley are dives) where we enjoyed YUMMY eggs and beans prepared in various ways. Killito wanted to play and talk to everyone. I was mortified that he was pestering people regardles of how cute he looked in his little cable knit sweater and corduroys. I plucked him out from between two occupied chairs at a family's table when he promptly started to scream bloody murder! I quickly took him outside to calm down. But here, it was worse, he found a particularly dangerous stairway that lead to the flat rooftop of a condemned garage building and proceeded to climb it. I plucked him off the stairs into the safety of my arms where he started to thrash about violently, gargle screaming hysterically (a gargle scream is one that is deep and rumbling and comes out much more pronounced than it could because of the raspy use of the back of the throat). I was looking mighty cute that day, I must say, wearing my long and lean Gap jeans with stilleto heels trying to calm down a wild cat baby. I quickly ran back inside the restaurant, thrashing baby in my arms, to Killy so he could help me calm him down. We left the restaurant right away to the safety of Killy's sister's house. Baby found another staircase here and proceeded to climb up and down to his little heart's content. I stayed close on his heels in case I needed to catch a tumbling baby. Thankfully, I didn't have to, but boy was he tired. I used a wonderful and HIGH sleigh bed to put him to sleep, for FOUR hours. He napped like an angel and I rested and read some books that were there. When we woke up, we were hungry again, so we went to TGIF for lunch. Baby had spaghetti and I had a steak, daddy had fish and chips (not the best food for his condition, but he enjoyed it so much, promising with each mouthful to do some exercise when we got back home). Lunch over and done with, we retired to our HOTEL ROOM!!! for much needed peace and quiet. Here we enjoyed a complimentary cocktail and let Killito walk around the hotel lobby. Then we went back to our room where I chased Killito around for a long time, then we jumped around on the king sized bed until he was exhausted. He fell asleep hard! Saturday We woke up late, enjoyed a late complimentary breakfast at the hotel, then drove around to enjoy the beautiful day. Too bad the mosquitoes were out with a vengeance, otherwise we would have made our way to the park with Killito. As it was, there were too many pests flying about threatening to pimplify my baby's milky white skin so we stayed in the car while daddy photo'd at every opportunity. Lunch was yummy and bad for the arteries but Killito enjoyed his taco. We eventually made our way back on the road for the long trip home. We got home seven hours later and after one pit stop. Luckily Killito fell asleep for the majority of the trip so he didn't get tired of his seat until we were ten minutes from home. Then he commenced his wail of supreme suffering. But we got home quickly enough. The second we got home, he was so excited! He saw his grandma and was even more excited! There was no way he would be going to sleep anytime soon. He explored the house making sure everything was just where he left it. Then he ran up and down the hall until he was quite sweating with glee. I took off all his clothes to cool him down and there he was, quite comfortably running around in his diaper, happy and content to be home. Boy was this ONE CRAZY Thanksgiving... Next year will certainly be different. Next year, we are getting a hotel room!

 jump out of bed hope the baby stays sound asleep and unaware of my absence jump in the shower stand under the hot spray for a few minutes bathe get out wrap myself in my robe blow dry my hair make sure it's bouncy and decent this is a hassle - i'm just not used to it get dressed love baby sometimes he's awake by now and banging on the bathroom door yelling - mamaa as loudly as he could when i scoop him into my arms he curls up like a rolly- polly bug and reprimands me for leaving him behind most times though he is still asleep and i kiss him softly and momentarily hover, listening to the whisper of his sweet breath my husband is out of the shower and puttering about on his computer the coffee is ready and waiting in the travel mug for me just the way i like it the toast is sitting on the table with a napkin i make sure i am wearing earrings grab my purse kiss my baby goodbye again and jump in the car the day unfolds

 I like change, this is why I wasn't really bothered by being laid off. this and the fact that i found a job so quickly made the transition easier - i know that if i were laid off for months though, enough time to let the real situation sink into my brain and my wallet, i prolly would have had a harder time dealing with it - emotionally BUT since that wasn't the case I was able to shop freely and without restraint i think i found my real persona now again in my wardrobe i forgot how much fun it is to put thought into what i will wear on a daily basis this and the lazy habits of my husband's wardrobe made it too easy to fall into a bad pattern of one pair of pants and scruffy shoes BUT NOW i really need to make sure i look good every day so i need new clothes and my old habits of rotating through new looks like going through a revolving door has come back to me in full force like riding a bicycle i didn't really forget i just got lazy so now i know how to dress again and i really enjoy it again

 hello girls, i hope everyone is doing well out there! i am finally back to my ordinary fast-paced lifestyle...long school days full of power point presentations...ugh! at least the topics are so interesting. today was all about obstetrics...throughout the lecture i was beaming with excitement & amazement of it all. i can't wait! i've been dreaming of babies. speaking of babies..how's baby chavez? i am so happy to hear carolina that you are enjoying your new job! what are your days like? for the first half of this semester i am taking medical spanish in the mornings before school...it is so cool! i want to learn more & more...in school we are learning of geriatrics, pediatrics, women's health, dermatology & my favorite...surgery & emergency medicine! last week i practice suturing pig's feet for hours at a time. this semester is so exciting because this is when we make the transition from books to hands on experience...and in may i start my rotations! i am all excitement...full of hope! take care everyone, lil'd

 i love my new job so there i am happy and excited to be learning something new and the office is full of virgo's and other signs with virgo in them and everyone is nice and polite and everyone is very quiet i love it i love it i love it

 She broke her own record - as you all probably already know, I have a new job! And landed the new position in THREE DAYS! Welcome the newest addition to the tax team at urlLink Hines . I will take on the many responsibilities and challenges that the Administrative Assistant in Tax department will face on a day to day basis. In addition, I will be connected to the urlLink Houston Galleria via a breezeway! YAY Looking forward to many exciting lunchtime shopping sprees! Anyway, I start Monday! YAY Thanks everyone for your well wishes and support!

 my boss was fired he found a job w'in same company, different division couldn't take his admin with him i proposed possibility of working from home to higher ups via voicemail received voicemail back that we will talk next week next week came and i got a call "...sorry to say that upper management...unnecessary positions...office closing...you will get one month's severance..." WHAT!!!!! they set me up with two weeks consulting services at urlLink Right Management Consultants to help polish up my prospect image. Neat services! so i'm on the streets looking for a future hmmmm i had a great interview yesterday at urlLink Hines Real Estate tax department. Would be SUPER COOL as I would be working on the 48th floor (great view) they totally loved me, of course hope they call me in for a second interview wish me luck!

 Hello everyone, just thought I'd type a quickie... Carolina, I'm so sorry to hear about your job...what happened? I know you'll find a wonderful new job because you are so beautiful! Yikes, need to catch the train...more later. Take care, lil' d

 AAARRRGGHHHHHHH!!! Just wrote a beautiful blog about how destroyed I am about losing my job this morning, but this FREE SERVICE at Kaveh Kanes just crashed!!!! so long story short I'm fired as of today more later when I am at a more reliable connection

 Hello girls! I hope everyone is doing wonderful. I am sitting here snuggled under layers of clothes & blankets. The Pacific Northwest is bracing for another snowy night. Today was my first day back in class. After all of us classmates wished each other "happy new year" discussing briefly of our exciting holiday adventures and then it happened quite abruptly... reality set in...as we endured a long day of class while snow fell steadily outside. It is 20 degrees right now with 30 mph winds...when I flew in from Texas it was a 50 degree difference! Most likely tomorrows class will be canceled although I'll start reading a chapter or two because next Monday we have our first test...I can't believe the fast pace of this semester-hit the ground running huh? I already miss everyone so much especially my honey. Take care of yourselves, lil' d

 The Chavez family had a wonderful New Year! We celebrated with our good friends and kept it mellow. Adolph and Amber are such wonderful hosts having all sorts of good stuffs for the Chavezes and Lil d and Todd to enjoy! The Chavez boys were relieved and excited to be at the Trudeau residence on this happy occasion where the Fourth got to run around and be wild and crazy like every little boy should be and where the Third got to run around and be wild and crazy like my beautiful husband should be! New Years Eve started out pretty tiring, for me anyway. I didnt want to go to work, it just didnt make sense to have to go in to work when all I wanted to do was enjoy the great sales that were taking place all over the land. I did take advantage of the 75% reduction of all things clothing at TJMaxx where I got a great deal on a great skirt! Then headed home to herd together the baby and all his trinkets and what not! MAN Talk about an excuse for buying great bags and purses, so much to lug about with a toddler in tow! So Killito and I made it to Adolphs without fanfare. My lover/husband was waiting for his little family inside where we immediately unloaded all my bags. We took Killito out for a short excursion, then Adolph and Amber showed up, dressed and tressed and looking mighty spiffy. We puttered about the kitchen and took turns shooing Killito into safer quarters until dinner was ready. Then I nursed the baby and he happily fell asleep which made it time to glamour up for a quick girly outing. Amber Lil d and I jumped out into the NYEve night and hunted and prowled for a good place to enjoy some of the last of 2003 in a glass. We found a relatively nice place, not too crazy with nutty party-goers and not too empty. It was also clean and classy. Not bad! I had a really dirrrty vodka martini chock full of 10 olives (mmmm) Amber had a urlLink Greyhound , and Lil d a beer to chug happily on. We chatted and giggled and then it was time to meet the boys. We got home with 10 minutes to spare. Just enough time to reassure my wide-awake child that the world was still in one piece and to pop open a bottle of champagne. Cheers! Laughs! Kisses! And Hugs all around! Happy New Year! Then, Lil d and Todd made a graceful departure, Amber and Adolph retired to the bedroom, the Chavez family hunkered down in the living room and we all snoozed the morning away. Happy new year..



 I would definitely, absolutely, and without question go -- but then again, this is coming from a person who went to Europe for 6 weeks with a backpack and only $1,000 to pay for travel, food, and a room and who ended up running out of money and had to work at a hostel for 5 days to get back home ... some people hate the stress of the unexpected, so it's better to know yourself and know your threshold for the unknown ... it will definitely be a culture shock -- being around that many people who don't speak english and who come from a totally different culture will be a major challenge ... but you only live once and I'm sure you will come back from that trip with stories you will be telling to others for the rest of your life ...

 Personally, if I were in your situation, I would go for it. I wouldn't worry so much about the money because as we all know, it appears out of nowhere when it's absolutely necessary. I would love the adventure. But that's me. Liz's questions are right on the ball. Is there a reason they picked you for China, maybe they see some potential for you over there? Or is it like you indicated, purely luck of the draw? You have every opportunity to visit China later on in your life. You should go with your instincts and if they tell you that this is not the right time, then don't. Don't feel pressured to do something you aren't comfortable doing. One the one hand, you won't see China right away, on the other, you will get to visit someplace else that you might not otherwise be able to so easily. Plus, it might cost less.

 I'm always up for an adventure, my first instinct is to GO!! But you sound so apprehensive about it, and it's going to be stressful where ever you go. What are the reasons they chose China? Will there be an English speaking clinic? Is it for public health? Do you want to spend your money on that or do you want to save it for a different adventure? I say, maybe they know what they're doing, and maybe they think you would learn a lot. Think about it as a learning experience-where and how will you learn the most about being a good PA? If you don't go, will you wish you had or will you look back and be relieved. Or just think, they could send you to Delaware! Sounds like a difficult decision.Are there any others going over-seas?

 hello ladies, As some of you may know, in less than 7 weeks I'll be starting my clinical rotations! I am so excited and really scared at the same time. Each of us in our class were given "wish lists" in addition to trying to set up rotations in our home states(background: we have to have rotations in several states). So far, I am applying for MD Anderson for oncology, and have a cardiology rotation setup in Houston otherwise thats it for my Texas tour as it stands right now. Its really a mystery as to where "they" ultimately decide to send me. Its frustrating in a sense, because they say we have all these options & opportunities yet when we choose places we're interested in they send us elsewhere. I am trying to go with the flow. The motto is: everything floats on water and therefore are schedules can change at anytime. Well, to get to the point "they" want to send me to China for a month! I think the traveling & medical experience would be so cool...but I'm nervous that I'm not cut out for this adventure. Since my Africa trip I'm a little more apprehensive of traveling to distant places alone where I know nothing of the area etc. I do not regret my Africa trip, it was an experience of a lifetime but I do wonder if things didn't turn out the way they did if I'd still think so. I guess its all about risks and one's outlook on life? So, I just got off the phone with my sweetie and he suggests I think it over. I always thought it be cool if we went together on our own someday. The other aspect is money. In addition to our regular semester tuition, we also have to pay all of our own expenses and living throughout this coming year. Mucho dinero! What are your opinions? I can protest if I don't want to go but I only have a short time frame to respond & then its out of my hands. Go. Not go. Maybe later. Ask again? Goodnight from the NW

 an excerpt of an email from Maru, I've been reading your personophone (?) and wanted you to tell Amber congrat's and I THINK she should go drug free of course. Amber First of all, I am heartbroken that I had to do a C-Section with Adolfo Fidel, it was necessary and in the end for the best (if you don't remember, his little foot was wrapped by his umbilical cord making it difficult for him to drop and affecting the blood and oxygen flow to his little body endangering his life). But I was really psyched to do it all natural and was pumped about all the sensation associated. You will hear from many women about how painful it is. But the reality is the only thing that makes it painful is when you don't know what is happening with your body. Killy and I took urlLink Bradley Method classes. This is a husband based coaching natural birth method. This means, the husband is the main coach during your pregnancy and birth. And it is natural. We found this to be a bonding experience and Killy felt like an integral part in the whole process because he learned about everything my body was going through. The most important thing I learned was how to identify the signs of the processes my body was going through. This is important because the signs allowed me to prepare for what was taking place. And I had the choice and the strength to relax through the most difficult times. I'm referring to the contractions, these seem to be the most painful of the whole birth process because the muscles start freaking out and generally, the mommy doesn't know what to do. The Bradley method teaches you to focus on what is taking place inside of your body and the purpose for its happening. Once you understand how these work together, the experience becomes a more respectful, fundamental one rather than one full of fear and apprehension and therefore, a painful one. Also, your husband, your coach and loving partner, also knows what is happening to you and can provide the important comfort that you need during those moments. Maru failed to express the beauty of the experience and the chance to feel something that drugs will never let you. The sensation of relief and bliss that is the highest of any climactic love session you've had when you feel your little baby washing into the huge world, awake and alert. The dangers of taking drugs as mentioned before, is that too many may be given and the child is born groggy and out of it. I personally think this is not fair to the little baby. I did not choose an epidural. Since I had no choice about the emergency C-Section, I was still able to choose the type of drug I would be given. So I had a spinal-block anesthesia. That was one dose of stuff instead of having a needle stuck into my spine for the duration of the C-Section. Plus, they only numbed me from the waist down. I was wide awake the whole time they tugged and pulled on my muscles and tissue while opening the door for my little boy. He came out screaming and dripping my blood. Whatever choice you make, don't let fear of pain be a deciding factor. Pain is nonsense. I really believe that we are built the way we are to tolerate all sorts of stresses that we must undergo. I guess it's easy for me to say this since I've broken every bone in my body at least once (slight exaggeration). I decided that I didn't want drugs for all the reasons I mentioned and others that this blog doesn't have room for. But the choice is yours and no one will judge you for it. Regardless, the most important thing is that in the end, you will have a beautiful baby to love and nurture for a long, long time. urlLink Interesting Link

 Good morning girls! I hope everyone is doing wonderful out there. I apologize for not writting in sooner, my schedule is slowly lifting. hooray! Amber I am so happy for you! You will be a beautiful mother. I wish only the very best for you and Anthony's new bundle of joy on the way! Yay. So how's it going? Can you feel the baby moving? (quickening)-it maybe too early. Do you guys know whether its a boy or a girl or are ya'll waiting to be surprised? Well I too, just finished OB/GYN and as you know, Carolina, Liz or I will be able to offer our advice and support along the way. So here's my bit about coffee-we learned its OK to drink a 100ml or less of coffee (caffeinated) per day during pregnancy. This is the equivalent of 1 cup a day. It is completely your choice. How far along are you? How have you been feeling? Well to answer your question about whether to use drugs or not, in my mind anyway, it depends on the condition of the baby and the pregnancy. I'd get all the information first, let your doctor know your "ideal" and trust both yours and your doctors judgement. I agree its a hard decision. I know it will all work out wonderful! Enjoy a lazy Sunday and take care everyone, diana

 OK, you are right about the protein and calcium. If you don't eat enough calcium, your body will take it from the bones and that's not good. Protein, eat a little more than you usually would at each meal, that way you don't feel totally full and bloated after a meal, and eat small frequent meals. But Carolina would tell you the same thing! Lifting? Really try not to lift too much-a scientific explanation: you know when you have to burp or (pooh) and you "push," That "maneuver" causes negative pressure in your insides-which causes gas and other stuff to come out, but you don't really want to do that right now, because it can affect your womb too, maybe. Anyways, the same effect occurs when you lift heavy things too. Yoga is great! Try prenatal yoga though, so they know what you should and shouldn't do. I personally, (and Carolina probably would too) would encourage you to TRY going pain free. When you have anaesthesia, you are more tired and groggy afterward and it's more difficult to recover from. Also, your baby may be groggy too and may not want that first, important colostrum. BUT, most people get the epidural and are FINE, and they do great. And it's not bad to do so, but wouldn't it be great to just try and see what your body can really do? Like a marathon, it's not fun, nor easy, but the sense of accomplishment and empowerment is priceless. These are opinions, but the yoga should help get everything "opened" up and ready for labor. When is the due date? September right? You are going to be great-listen to your doc. and don't hesitate to ask him/her alot of questions-don't worry about taking up his/her time, that's what they are there for, or ask the beautiful, wonderful nurse at your clinic! Hope this helps! But Carol is of course the expert, you should have seen all her books!

 Hmmm ... I think up new questions every day -- luckily, Anthony's aunt has a phD in Obstetrics & Gyn, so I bug her pretty regularly and she's great about answering ... Off, the top of my head, Liz, -What sort of nutrition advice do you have? I keep reading little snippets here and there, like don't drink decaff coffee, don't eat too many apricots, stay away from ginseng, avoid too much vitamin A, etc -- but I'm worried that I may not know about every culinary misshap -- is there a definitive list that I should go by? Also, are there certain types of foods that you should eat according to stages of embryonic development? (i.e. calcium for bones in the 1st trimester, protein, etc) -I have had some spotting and my doc checked it out but said it's nothing to worry about unless it becomes more severe -- the ER said to avoid heavy lifting -- what exactly do they mean by that? Should I not be doing as much twisting, etc in yoga? Should I not lift anything over 10 lbs? I have a very physical job, so lifting things in the 10-20 lb range is pretty hard to avoid... What do you think?? Any other insight? Oh, I'm going with an MD -- do you think it's better to go with drugs or without? I don't know if I can handle that much pain!!!

 I helped a 19 year old birth a baby on Tuesday. She was great. She had an epidural, but nobody tried to tell her that she could do it without. People look at you like you're crazy if you want to go drug free?! We have a theory-men want to take away the mystery of child birth, and control it with C-sections and epidurals, and inductions. It might be whack, but think about it. Something so natural and special, being treated like an everyday operation. And scheduled so that Doc. can have dinner with the fam. Just a theory. I'm so happy for you Amber. I'm obsessed with pregnancy (I'm studying it this semester in nursing school). So if you have any questions, I can find the answer in one of my text books! Midwife or MD?

 I walked into the shabby temp agency offices at 32nd and Madison and met Joe, a fast talking brown haired man with hard eyes. He said he could definitely get me a job as an admin doing power point presentations for an investment firm making more money and better benefits. I said where do I sign and by the way I'm 2 months pregnant. He quickly changed his tune at the news. Well, I can't help you, then. Who's going to want to hire you knowing you're going to go on maternity leave in several months? He sounded almost angry with me. I left that small little man in his shabby little office and didn't look back, resting my hand on my belly on the ride home, knowing that I can endure anything, any rejection, any hardship so long as I have my baby -- any job seems so measly by comparison ... and so I find myself not as upset as I thought I would be -- having a baby inside of me sort of puts the world around me into perspective. And taking care of plants isn't so bad -- at least here I'm surrounded by people who have grown to love and care for me over the past 3 years .. I know they will be happy for me when I tell them about my little hidden virgo treasure.. and maybe this is the sort of place I belong in right now, rather than a strange new environment with a boss that would just resent me in his small-minded way ... for what?? creating life?? how ridiculous and sad.

 You can use me as a reference here is my info Carolina Chavez Administrative Assistant Tax Department Hines Interests, L.P. 2800 Post Oak Boulevard Houston, TX 77056-6118 Office: 713 966 5430 Cell: 832 567 7684 Shoe: 9 Suit: 8 Eyes: Black Sign: Virgo Saying for the day: Everything that is worth anything in life is free. yes please (SIGH) I wish I were in NYC being an Admin somewheres in the big city are you and antny going to look for a house for your little bb soon? or will you stay where you're at for a while? Read out loud starting now write a journal every day avoid coffee give yourself pedicures while you can still reach your toes give yourself pleasure (yep) it soothes and massages the baby NO BUBBLE BATHS lots of warm showers a 4 oz glass of wine is A-OK and won't harm the baby to produce milk later, drink a dark beer (guiness) it's magical it's beautiful I can't wait to do it all over again!

 You are too cute ... I can see Meagan being happy at a Montessori school. As for me, I'm thinking about a change of career -- of course, I'll still teach my botanic gardens classes, which I adore ... but my every day job has gotten too physically demanding -- I can't be schlepping plants and bags of soil and watering cans for the rest of my life ... I want something more civilized ... I want to make Power Point presentations!!! I LOVE Power Point!!! I want to schedule meetings, use my brain, organize things -- yes, I'm actually considering life as an admin asst -- lord knows, there's enough jobs for admins in nyc -- maybe i can find some creative place where people feel engaged by their careers, respected by their boss and co-workers, and generally content about life ... that's what i have in mind, anyway, so I'm sending out the 'ol resume to a few temp agencies -- carol, do you mind if i put you down as a reference? what's the best number to reach you at?? Muchas gracias, bella!! oh, yeah, Killy sent me an e-mail that you might be vacationing in Deleware this summer... what's the deal-io??

 of course the right thing to do is to tell them that you are pregnant you can't avoid that you can also play the blank card that is i didn't know i was prego??? what a surprise! then, if the company thinks you were lying they could let you go using any excuse they want (and in Texas, using no excuse at all) but if you tell them up front they'll know what they are dealing with and they will make a decision with all the facts present and you will know whether or not this company is understanding about that natural state of things or if they have unrealistic expectations of a young, modern and happening mom-chick SO both of you will be happy in the long run believe it or not there are companies that will hire you in the divine state and those that do not you can ask yourself do i really want to work for them??? also maybe you can look into another direction if i wasn't so scared of chill'un treating them like bugs and such (tadeo???) then i would have done the same thing meagan is doing she was hired in her divine state at a montessori school now isn't that a dream!!!???

 i am learning that plain m&ms eaten right after a york peppermint patty taste slightly nutty and are very satisfying mmmmm

 i ate everything didn't deny myself a thing i tipped the scale at 200 on my 8th month triumphantly gaining over 60 pounds during my pregnancy i am now happily a size 8 again only thing left to show for it are some silky silvery tiger stripes up and down my little belly and my beautiful angelic baby the pride of my life amber here are some ugly truths your butt is going to get huge your hips are going to get wide your belly is going to get big and depending on your mom you may or may not get stretch marks you will gain lots of weight your nose is going to get wide (if it's a boy) and your feet are going to swell your boobs will become someone else's literally and will never be the same again but don't sweat it enjoy it eat everything you want but just keep in mind don't eat as if you're eating for two because unless you really need it and one hamburger isn't enough and the only thing that will satisfy you is a 24 oz steak with potatoes for the most part one serving is good enough anyway after the baby comes into the world you have plenty of time to get back to where you were before and you can look just as hot and sexy then as you look now so don't worry about it and i know you you won't have a problem putting in all the yummy nutritious things you need drink lots of milk baby will take away as much calcium from you as he/she can eat fruit every day even if it's only an apple and stay away from whatever makes you nauseous speaking of nauseous i didn't have any symptoms except when i took my prenatals first thing in the morning i think it's the iron in it??? i don't know something made me nauseous about it so i switched i started taking them at night just before bed and everything was just fine do you think it could be something like that for you???

 I love the way Anthony is already putting his head on my belly and talking to "Junior" or "Junioretta" as he invariably refers to the baby -- he's going to be such an excellent father!! I haven't told anyone at work yet but my belly is rapidly expanding and I probably don't have more than another month before it starts to become noticeable. Ethical question: If going for a job interview somewhere, do I tell the prospective employer that I'm pregnant to establish an upfront, honest communication -- or do I keep quiet on the grounds that it's personal, it's illegal to discriminate, and the fear that they might not hire me because of it, in spite of what the law says?? Carol, tell me about your pregnancy cravings!! Any advice on what to eat, etc?? I'm afraid of getting too fat -- but I also, of course, want to be as healthy as possible and not deny the baby or myself any nourishment ... Favorite foods: pickles (cliche, I know), chocolate chip cookies, mac and cheese, sweet potatoes, egg mcmuffins, curly french fries, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ... ummmm, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!! Ew, I felt nauseous today for the first time when I woke up this morning :(

 I am so excited for you! WHAT I want to scream! This is so beautiful for you! I am so happy for you! I can't wait for you to tell me EVERYTHING I am so excited for you! Amber and Antny's little one! I can't wait I can't wait to see all the photos and hear all the baby stories Antny's work is gonna change! SO DRAMATICALLY it's so cool Amber You will be such a beautiful and perfect MOMMY I am so happy for you! Congratulations!

 Well, I just got back from my first pre-natal yoga class ... what????? yes, it's true, ladies --- anthony and I are expecting -- looks like it might be a virgo, carol -- mid-to late-September is the date and I'm 7 weeks prego right now with just the slightest bump for a tummy and finding myself with sudden cravings for chocolate chip cookies and mint chocolate chip ice cream, but luckily none of the nausea or tiredness, at least not yet -- we go in for our first sonogram in a couple of weeks and I find myself worrying, will it be healthy -- should I wait to tell anyone until I see it's little heart beating and breathe with a sigh of relief when I see all 10 fingers and toes .. but it's driving me crazy not to tell anyone -- and so you girls are the first to know outside of the immediate family -- pretty crazy, huh?! We're so happy!!

 So he continues his adventures and meets a girl Stanley keeping it real on the golf course like all rich guys... Then he asks her out on a date... He let's her win.... He impresses her with his courage... No cat can threaten his girl! I think she's a floozy... Gotta get back to work to support the family.

 So apparently he doesn't stress about curfew. Here he is getting ready to go down a slide at the park at night. And then... Riding on construction equipment.

 So just so everybody knows, Meagan is doing quite well in her pregnancy. I hope to see her next weekend while she is in Austin. Jennifer Barnet is also excited and happy about her state of prego-ness. Lisa W. is still planning a wedding, don't know the exact date for this yet, last time we spoke she was talking about throwing in the towel and eloping. I'll get you the scoop when I have more. Maru is well moved into her new little house, Killy and I spent Saturday helping her out, watching Ezra while unpacking and yard cleaning was worked on. Killy is currently walking through with the inspector of the Casita that we are looking at. Hmmm.... More updates later

 So then after the grilled cheese sandwich, apparently, my missing stapler had the runs. urlLink The Pic is too big but he is leaning against the outhouse. hmmm...:-(

 Everyone, please send my little baby an email. KillitoDivino@hotmail.com

 These are the gardening books I recommend for you, Carol: Garden Bulbs for the South, by Scott Ogden Texas Gardening, by Neil Sperry Sunset Western Garden Book, asst. editors The Tropical Look, by Robert Lee Riffle Also, if you plan on growing herbs in containers, look at: The Bountiful Container ... by McGee and Stuckey

 Carol, the more plants you can grow from seed, the easier it'll be on the 'ol pocketbook -- just imagine, a package of 10-30 seeds for $1.99, rather than spending $4.99 per plant ... hmmm... that's a savings of $50-150 -- that should make Killy very happy with his smart, beatiful, and, oh yes, very frugal wife!! Books -- well, my specialty is container gardening since that's what's most in demand in NYC ... but there is a great book on Southern Gardening that was written by a friend of mine -- hang on, let me check on Amazon for the name of it ...

 For some reason or another, I have developed a reputation of being a prankster here in my office group of 15. I don't know where these ideas come from, but a result of this is that I am now the target of innovative acts. On Monday of this week, I stayed home with Killito to care for him as he got over a weekend stomach virus. When I came back to the office on Tuesday, I couldn't find my stapler. It has great emotional value to me because my ex-boss gave it to me when I left my last job. Plus, it matches the desk he gave my husband. SO Here I am Tuesday morning asking the entire group at the top of my voice over the cubicle walls if they had my stapler. No one responded. As it turned out, I had missplaced it , then I found it later that day. SO Wednesday was Admin Asst day. My boss took me to lunch with the other admins and we had a blast. When I got back to the office, I found an email in my inbox from one called, Stanley Stapler . I didn't open the email right away because I thought it could be a virus. So I ignored it for a while. About an hour later, I couldn't find my stapler. So I looked all over the floor thinking I missplaced it again and then it occured to me to check the evil email. I did. And this is what I found -----Original Message----- From: Stanley Stapler [mailto:mrstanleystapler@hotmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2004 2:23 PM To: Chavez, Carolina Subject: Lunch How was your lunch today?? Mine was good...a grilled cheese! Love, Stan the Stapler _________________________________________________________________ Check out MSN PC Safety & Security to help ensure your PC is protected and safe. http://specials.msn.com/msn/security.asp

 OK So, Did you know that Linda Blair (star of the Exorcist) dated Rick James (Coke Con and Funkmaster, writer of Superfreak) back in the late 70s early 80s??? Well??? Most people in the office didn't either. So does this mean I am really old or what?? urlLink http://www.geocities.com/womenofhorror/exorcist2.html

 I can't wait to have a little house to make my own with an herb garden and lots of little plants around the yard. I need some recommendations for books on how to plant and when and where and what to do. And some info on composting. Any suggestions? I really want to dream and make plans. Killy gets really stressed out about my planning and my dreaming because all he hears is the ching of the cash register as we spend our future money. Hmmm :-( Makes it difficult to stay excited and happy about the possibilities. BUT I am going to dream anyway. And I am dreaming of plants and shrubberies and little speckled trees with flecks of flowers and dappled sunshine on mossy rocks and maybe later on in my old age, a koi pond..... dreams.... :-)

 how to post a picture to the blog PLEASE REFER TO THE RIGHT OF THE SCREEN click on AMAZING UPLOADER THINGY Follow instructions. This is how to post a picture. HA

 I'm itching to get back into the garden again -- I spent last weekend mixing in manure compost, bone meal, and blood meal to enrich the nutrients in my soil -- this weekend I'll start mixing in pine bark mini-chips to improve aeration and green sand for trace minerals ... and then do a final soil test to make sure everything is in balance. The bulbs are just starting to come up -- little ruby crocuses, red striped and green flame tulips, white daffodils, fragrant hyacinth, delicate muscari, "Grow, grow, GROW," I want to sing out to them .. and April 1 seems so far away ... that's the first date to start planting cool season crops like lettuce and onions and garlic and snapdragons up here ... then another long wait until May 1 to plant nearly all the other seeds -- peas, zucchini, chamomile, dill, parsley, alyssum, lobelia -- and then 15 more days to wait for the real heat lovers, and on May 15 AT LAST -- I can plant the rest -- tomatoes, eggpplant, peppers, sunflowers, love-lies-bleeding -- Yippppeeee!!!! I'm so excited I can't stand it!!!!

 Hi everyone, yes we bought a house! As much as I disliked moving to Houston, this place has now become my home. We live out in Katy and have spent our first night there on Saturday. We have big plans for the house starting with giving the walls some COLOR! There are lots of windows and I'd like to have bright strong colors. Carol how do I send pictures of the house and colors? Attachment 497745F3_CDBF_4865_8F08_12BC0111F1A7.jpg .jpg file, 300x200, 14k Scan and Download Attachment Scan and Save to my Yahoo! Photos

 Let's all welcome Maru! YAY, Glad you made it. I also added the blogging button to the right to facilitate adding a post from this screen. Hope everyone is well! Maru! How's the new house! Tell everyone about what you are going to do with the kitchen and your beautiful window in the living room!

 Hi Maru!! Please tell me I spelled your nickname right!! How have you been, girl? It's been ages -- please fill us in on what's new, your thoughts, etc. Carol, what kind of school is Killito in? Montessori? Is it expensive?

 carol got me to sign on

 Carolina_Chavez@Hines.com is work. I am also still at CarolinaDivina@Hotmail.com Also, Killito's email address is KillitoDivino@Hotmail.com Only send him CLEAN emails please.

 Carol, please update us on your new e-mail address -- I still have the one from your old job and I wanted to send you an ultrasound photo 'cause I still have no clue how to post photos to the blogger. -A

 Diana, I know that if you do end up going, it will be fun and exciting and very fulfilling! Congratulations for making that decision. Meanwhile, Killito is doing very well at school. He is making new friends and plays all day long. He loves trying different ice cream flavors and is always exploring how things work. He especially loves gears and wheels and stuff like that. He is 18 months now and I can't believe that just one year ago, we were celebrating his half birthday. I hope that we can get ourselves to Austin to celebrate his half birthday this year (March 28). Also, Killy and I are planning a REAL vacation this year. We hope to be making our way to visit with the Gholsons in the East Coast. WHAT A real vacation! I still can't believe it! Another adventure of the day was yesterday's rain. The wind and the rain was so strong, that you could see the building sway if you looked out the window. Also, if you were riding in the elevator, it would screech and groan as it bumped its way up and down. If you were so inclined to be in the bathroom during a particularly strong wind, you could see the water moving in the toilets to and fro. Hmmmmm. Pretty scary stuff.

 Thanks everyone for the wonderful advice! I have until March 19th to make my final decision. I am so excited because tonight I am going to talk with the student who went last year. I can't wait to hear what he has to say. To answer Liz's questions: I originally showed some interest in going to China last year and therefore our clinical coordinator chose me to be the student from our class to go. I would work at the Hong Qioa Clinic in Shanghai for two weeks. I'd stay at a local hotel and take taxi's to work each day. This is an internal medicine rotation and most of the staff does speak English. I would be working directly with Dr. Khoo. I actually met him last year at a mtg. about SARS. He seems like a great person and extremely knowledgable. Then I'd go approx. 180 miles north to the country to Wenzou Medical College and work there for the other two weeks before heading back to Shanghai and eventually back home. At the medical school, I'd stay in a dorm with other students from around the world. An English interpretor may be there. I agree with you girls that it is a wonderful opportunity. Thanks for sharing your stories too! I am still in the process of finding out the details...although as it stands now.....I am definitely going!

 Carol, I must say you look great in the photo Adolph posted on the boy's blog from Easter -- what a sexy mama -- when did you get so thin??!! I think all the weight you lost has flown across the country and is now resting on my hips and belly as my precious pumpkin grows larger by the day -- I don't think I'll ever fit into my size 2 Banana Republic cords again!! And forget the size 0 skirts ... this is so weird to be getting fat ... I know, I know .. it's natural and healthy and all that ... but it's just so disconcerting to look in the mirror sometimes!! Get ready you girls who haven't had a baby yet -- it's like Invasion of the Body Snatchers ... I'm really looking forward to being out on the beach in a bikini this summer ... Awww, look at the cute fat lady waddle ;>

 ENABLE YOUR PROFILES!!!! Have you seen mine???

 i love talking about s e x i love sex when you're prego so much FULLER for both this is when the woman's body is so ready for it too so much more pleasurable you need to explain to antn'y that it is wonderful for the baby it will massage him and shoot him full of good hormones scientifical reason is your body is so PLUMPED, ENGORGED, INFLAMED and ripe for loving it's true, that's why women who suffer from nasal congestion feel it even more while pregnant, as the hormones of pregnancy can cause swelling of the nasal passages and increased mucus production. This is a good thing because thos same hormones cause swelling and plumping in other areas that can be felt in the throes of loving tell antn'y to get over it and get on your hands and knees girl you can't hurt the baby. unless of course your doctor tells you otherwise I think these days six weeks might be cutting it it pretty close if you don't stay active to the end. I mean, walk, walk and walk, do yoga and more yoga, and stay active. Then it will be easier to get on with things. I was out and about 2 weeks after the Adolfo Fidel was born. We took him out to eat at Empire. But I did get very tired very quickly. Maybe it was the c-section... I think you may find it harder to leave your little baby behind than you think.

 I think Robbins' new book, Fierce Invalids Home From Hot Climates, is more readable than Skinny Legs and All -- his style has evolved and is more subtle yet still provocative without having to cram it down your throat so much ... I still love his old works too for their sheer imaginative force, but, much like Salman Rushdie, it can be a bit much for many people. Hmmmm, no Robbins is not a virgo, he's on the Cancer/Leo cusp -- maybe not so much like you, after all, Carol ... So let's talk about pregnant sex -- is it just me or do you have a lot less of it when you're prego?? I'm not sure what it is -- could be the belly interfering with the comfort level of the favorite position ... or the fact that Anthony is anxious about hurting the baby, or the fact that when he looks at me now he sees "mother of my child," instead of "hot chick" -- or the fact that we are closer than ever emotionally but both our sex-crazed hormones seem to have subsided substantially, maybe it's the fact that our evolutionary directive has been met for the time being ... Also, another question for you girls: how long is the recovery period after birth?? I signed up to teach classes at the botanic gardens 6 weeks after the baby arrives (just one Saturday here and there for a few hours, not back to work full-time) -- that's enough re-coup time, right?? Were you ready to get out of the house on your own by then, Carol? I imagine I'll be feeling pretty stir-crazy by then, considering I rarely sit still for a minute in my free time and usually work 7 days a week even now ... What do you think?

 I've read Tom Robbins, all the while thinking of Tim Robbins, because he is so tall, with such a baby face, and so intense in the roles he's had, especially Jacob's Ladder ('member that?) crazy psycho freaky movie with the shaking face-less heads and the devil tails... I read Still Life with Woodpecker or something like that I started to read Skinny legs and all and quickly found myself near an overdose about halfway through it. I turned instead to re-reading my favorite book of all time, Vladimir Nabokov's urlLink Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle After reading this morsel when I was but a young nymphet of 15, I played with the possibility of naming my first boy, Van Veen. This thought eventually evolved into the ultra-cool name, Seven. Then I married the love of my life and had the most perfect little baby known to me of all time. His name is the sound of love, and it is not Van Veen or Seven or even Gunther. I like Nabokov, although urlLink many people don't because he's "too wordy" . HEY So this woman was shopping at the Banana after having had a baby! I need to get on the treadmill again!

 So I'm working at Banana Republic, ringing people up ... and there is this lady, and we keep eyeing eachother-"How do I know her?" - So finally she asks outloud, "How do I know you?" We can't figure it out, then I say, "well, I'm also a nursing student" then Pow! We figure it out. I helped deliver her baby!!! Isn't that so bizarre? I'm selling her a jacket and delivering her children! Now that's service.

 What a romantic story, Diana!! I'm amazed that Todd is able to keep a secret for so many days without bursting -- that's impressive. So opposite of either Anthony or I -- we can't even wait until Christmas to open our presents -- we usually end up opening them a week early!! Skinny Legs and All is SUPERB!! You will have so much fun reading that, Liz -- I love how imaginative and quirky and raucous and lewd Tom Robbins is ... he awakens my mind and sets my own imagination on fire ... Carol, you've read Robbins, right??? If not, you must stop everything this very moment and go out and buy one of his books. You were meant to read Tom Robbins -- you are kindred souls in your loveable prose-like mad ramblings and your ingenious spark of spontaneous living. Maybe he's a virgo, too..

 For a whole 3 weeks I get to sleep in, do lots of Yoga, work and earn money, and maybe even get a tan! I'm so happy for you Diana- I love love-I can't wait until your wedding, 18 months goes real fast...right Carolina! So babies are on the way! We are predicting another Virgo for the Chavez fam-but they don't know it yet. I had a dream that my friend had a baby boy, do I have dream powers? I am reading Skinny Legs and All-and since Amber is a Tom Robbins fan, I thought I'd share. He is wierd, but widly expressive. How's your pregnancy? I love hearing about all the changes. Labor and Delivery made me want to get pregnant, then pediatrics reminded me about the outcome, not bad, just not for me yet. I loved the Red Tent, if anyone needs a good femme book, it's the one. Talk soon, Carol, when is the house warming party???!?

 Hello ladies...Geez I apologize for not submitting the details sooner! I am not sure I can beat Carolina's account of events but I'll try. Two weeks ago Todd flew up here to Oregon during my school break. We had a wonderful two days in Portland, picnicking in Washington park and walking all over downtown. Then we drove up to Vancouver BC for five days and four lovely nights. We stayed at the Wall Sheraton downtown, the tallest building in the city. We explored the city's museums, parks, bridges, seabuses, beaches, coffee houses...everything. We walked everywhere. Each day greeted us with cloudless blue skies and warm weather. Ahhh....we spent the days talking about each others lives, our future and our dreams. On our last day in Vancouver Todd suggested we go to the beach to walk around and take pictures of the beautiful skyline. We ended up at Kitsilano beach, walking in the sand and admiring the view. I started picking up seashells because thats what I do and spotted an oyster shell. I thought of how cool it would be to find a pearl inside, so I tried to open the shell and couldn't. I sat down on this huge rock, so big you had to climb to the top, it was some geological marker Todd and I decided. As I sat there on the rock planning my strategy on how to open the shell, Todd tried using the end of one shell to open the oyster but it was stubborn. So Todd shuffled around in his backpack and then climbed his way onto the rock and sat beside me. At that moment Todd looked at me and presents this small black velvet box and says "why don't you open this instead". At that moment time stopped, my heart began to race and I squeeked with excitement as I showered my love with hugges & kisses. He then said we'll.....are you gonna open it? We laughed and as I opened the box I saw the most beautiful sparkling diamond ring. He then got down on one knee and said "Diana, will you marry me" I was so happy and so surprised...yes, yes, yes I said. I will never forget that moment, I felt like a little girl, all day I was on cloud nine. Todd and I hugged & kissed some more and took pictures to document our incredibly romantic engagement on Mayday 2004. My heart flutters every time I think of Todd and that beautiful day! Afterwards we called our loved ones to share the good news. On the rest of our adventure we entertained ideas of wedding details and are planning on a Texas wedding in October 2005. October 23rd is when we met at Shipley five years ago...I am so lucky! As far as wedding details go, I promise to let everyone know as we figure them out. I'd love ideas and advice. Oh, and to address to baby question, the plan is not until after the wedding :) It's on the horizon! I hope everyone is doing wonderful, take care diana

 So, as I gathered, from detailed interviews with Diana, this is how it happened. Diana: I woke up and had to unclog the toilet, it seems Todd had problems with his stomache from the night before, I made him his favorite, Chicken Cacciatorri. Me: OK... D: So there he was struggling to get out of bed and in a puking fit, he kicked me, in the kidney, so I fell down writhing in pain. M: Really...??? D: Then the doorbell rang, it was room service, and neither of us could get up to answer the door. M: And then...??? D: So the cleaning crew came in, of course they didn't see us right away because we were in the bedroom section, but they could hear us struggling (in our pain). M: Oh yeah??? D: So this big fat Russian man comes in, holding the broom over his head like a weapon and sees me lying on the floor in tears, Todd is leaning menacingly, I guess, over me from the edge of the bed wearing only a towel... M: MENACINGLY??? D: I guess, because then the Russian man proceeds to wack Todd with the broom... M: NO!!!! D: Yes! And then Todd loses it on the carpet... M: NO!!! D: Yes, all over the Russian man's shoes! M: OH MY GOODNESS!!! D: Well, apparently, the hotel was training new cleaning people because there was a whole crew behind him in the anteroom, all excitedly speaking Russian among themselves. M: AND THEN WHAT!!! D: Well then, I get up from the floor and try to stop the big Russian man from hitting on my poor Toddy. M: Oh my... D: Meanwhile, one of the cleaning people had called security.. M: OH MY!!! D: Apparently, they thought we were recording some kind of dirty film because they saw Todd's cameras in the corner of the room... M: Dirty film???? D: Yeah, and so Big Fat Russian Man motions for one of his people to get me away... M: NO!!! D: So this really nice and scared looking young lady rushes to me and pulls me out of the room... M: And then!!! D: I don't know exactly what happened next, but between the cops showing up... M: NO!!! D: And all the cleaning people shreiking excitedly... M: And then!!! D: And me being held down out in the hall shouting for Todd... M: And then!!! D: All I could hear was loud shouting in Russian coming from our room... M: NO!!! D: And every now and then, I could hear Todd's helpless heaving... M: And then!!! D: Well, eventually, Big Fat Russian man comes out, smiling, propping Todd up, who is weak with having puked all morning, comes to me and hugs me. M: WHAT!!! D: The nice lady who was watching over me translates his Russian.. M: ... D: He is congratulating me for making my man strong by giving him poorly cooked chicken. M: ?... D: Before we get married... M: !?... D: To make him strong enough to stomache the difficulties of being a married man... M: !?????... D: This is when I notice that Todd is holding out this little box to me with a weak and beautiful smile... M: And...??? D: And I opened the box... M: AND!!!??? D: And in front of all these strangers, I jumped and hugged Todd and screeched, "YES!" M: YES!!!??? D: YES!!! Diana, Please share with us whatever I left out.

 So, Diana, how did Todd pop the question? Can't wait to hear the story -- congrats again!!

 Congratulations Meagan and Jay and three cheers to the newest addition to their little family, BEN!! Born little and a few weeks early on May 5, 2004 through a c-section due to late term preeclampsia, little Ben is strong and breathing on his own. The proud parents expect to be back home on the 21st. More details to follow. Meagan's email address is jonesmeagan1@hotmail.com

 No Amber, your words are not lost and you didn't say anything wrong. I love you and am so excited for what you and Anthony are going through! I hope and dream that maybe you can make your way to TX to show off your package to family and friends because I really wish I could be a part of this miracle. You are right in suggesting that we are all busy. I know I have been very much so with the new house and the new job. But we are all doing fine as you can see with Killito's healthy countenance. We all love you!

 Mother and Father are in town! YAY! They are so cute. My father arrived sporting a new haircut. It makes him look like a Kewpie doll. We are all signed up to take part in the Houston Rise & Shine walk. Proceeds to benefit The Rise School of Houston for children with Down Syndrome and other developmental disabilities. It should be nice. Maru is bringing her wagon so both kiddies can ride together while we all walk the walk. It's free for us as my company is a sponsor and will pay for each walker's way. Killy will stay home to wait for the internet guy to show up and make the connection we so desperately want! Aftewards, we will head back to the "Kickin' K Ranch" for some good grub ( huevos rancheros y frijoles ) then maybe to the park for the kiddies. SO My new home number is 713 NUT SULT Amber Freda What are your numbers again? Please share and email me at CarolinaDivina@Gmail.com

 It's always odd being the last post on the blog followed by a long silence ... because you can't help wonder at first, was it something I said ... but gradually the paranoia fades as you realize that all the girls are just really busy ... keeping up with their guys, their jobs, etc ... who has time to write? or read, for that matter? maybe I'm speaking to no one at all ... my words simply disappearing into the internet ether never to be read at all because you all tuned out long ago ... so I offer this one shout which I hope penetrates telepathically to you all: Don't work too hard, girls!! Or, in the inestimably profound words of Cindi Lauper, 'Cause girls, they wanna have fun!! Yeah, girls just wanna have fun!! That's all they really waaaaaa-aaa-aaaant, some fun ... when the working day is done, oh, girls they want to have fun!!

 Here he is, little Antonio is growing by the minute -- exponentially it sometimes feels like: urlLink Happy Birthday, Cancerians!! I'm glad to hear your party was a success, Carol -- you are the consummate hostess with the mostest, after all. As for moving to Texas, well, I have to admit -- I'm in love with the city. I don't want to leave New York!! It's so creatively alive and infinitely complex and interesting. They'll have to take me kicking and screaming -- especially now that my freelance business is taking off. The phone's been ringing off the hook for garden design and installation projects -- I just got a huge $10K job, the biggest one yet -- my client is having me design her terrace completely, including furniture, a fountain, gorgeous Japanese Maples, trellises for ivies to climb on all sides -- it's truly a garden paradise. It looks like all the hard work is finally starting to pay off -- Anthony was right when he told me to stick with what I love and eventually everything will start to come together... just in time for 'lil Antonio!! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo

 Diana, Happy belated birthday! It sounds like you had a wonderful time. I can't wait to see you and give you a big fat hug! Diana, I am so happy for you. Your dreams are coming true. One day, you are dreaming about how things will be, then you blink, and they are. Congratulations on everything so far. So much more is yet to come. So much joy and serene bliss... Amber, How is your belly? If you click on Killy's picture on the side-bar, you will be taken to the amazing image uploader thingy! I don't know how I did it, don't ask me to figure it out, I am so proud of myself for doing it all by myself, but I did it! I added a button! YAY YAYAYYAYYAYAYYAYAYYYAYYYYYY Such small things make me so happy. Speaking of small things, This weekend was a BLAST! Killy, Killito and I hosted our first official party. Our HouseWarming party! It was a success! Not only did most people show up, we had very little leftovers. Our neighbors were there; Killy's family was present with his mom and two sisters; my family was present with my sister; some of my co-workers were there; Amber, and John, Tag and Liz and their dog, Wes and Claire and even Killy's step-father was there! It was great! Everyone had a great time and we were very tired afterwards. Killito did pretty well though. He didn't take his afternoon nap at the usual time because of all the excitement, but he did enjoy a 2 hour nap later, enough to rev him up for more action play with his cousin Ezra. I was very happy because my house finally felt like a home. Where people can gather to eat, laugh and have a good time. We missed everyone who wasn't able to make it though... I'll post pics later. LOVE

 hello everyone...i hope ya'll are having a wonderful weekend. Liz-Feliz Cumpleanos! i meant to send birthday wishes yesterday...so did ya have a nice b-day? i know i did! my preceptor gave me the day off...and even though i have a cold i went to my favorite cozzy coffee shop to read stiff, then went downtown portland to see the first showing of fahrenheit 9/11 which was quite eventful-it was so refreshing to be with down to earth, like-minded individuals...i met wonderful people in line, sharing stories and exchanging movie recommendations...it was my first fandango experience-anyway mid way through the sold-out show, the movie abruptly stopped, lights came on, sirens alarmed and instructed us all to "evacuate immediately" we all groaned in unison, at first in disbelief, "is this part of the show?" others shouting..."its the republicans attempt to keep us from watching the movie"...so with reluctance we filed out down the stairs, some recording the alarms on their cameras...it was ridiculous! we exited the theater only to re-enter immediately and with more determination we went right back to our seats, exactly the same arrangement not missing a beat...no one was detered. i don't want to reveal anything for those of you who have not yet experienced the movie...but i highly recommend it! i talked with todd, mi mama y papa, best friend, todd's mama and had a wonderful birthday dinner with my two aunts, we ate at some plush place overlooking the city on "the hill", it was beautiful, 3-4 hrs later, i came home, snuggled in bed and watched sex in the city. so how's school going? i've been meaning to ask you...especially since amber & i's discussion, do you guys use "live models"? i would love to hear your comments! amber-i am really enjoying this discussion. i do at times notice things about every day people that i encounter and wonder...hum, that looks like hypothyroidism, cushing's syndrome, hydrocephalic baby etc. i do, i can't deny that. i am trained to recongnize these things but i can go beyond this and see "people" as they are. i don't let the previous experience of seeing someone insides taint my view of them as a whole. some of my classmates have said, "i can't see them the same since i saw...blah bla..." so it affects people differently. i think it is necessary to see both subjective & objective. to a certain extent you need distance to perform a job well without interference from emotions...much like dissecting a cadaver. it is hard to do but much less difficult than if it were on someone you know. at the same time you respect the cadaver as a corpse that once harbored a living, breathing person and use that experience to hone the skills of properly separating and connecting yourself with the people you encounter concerning life & death issues. geez, i hope i am not sounding cold, anatomy lab was not an easy thing & sometimes just acknowledging this difficulty and dealing with the emotions is necessary and important. i am honored & grateful to have had the experience to learn about them. what i love about medicine is the interaction with people. not every body is the same. even though PAPs may become routine the individual brings variety to medicine therefore each case is unique. its a balance, constantly switching from focusing on the problem objectively to addressing the whole person. it is the art & the science of medicine that is equally important. there are people you encounter that invariably you develop a connection with and keeping this in balance is a life long process. balance is the key, when medicine becomes too impersonal, procedures so routine that human beings are neglected or when professionals become so emotionally involved that impairs their clinical judgement and burnout...you cease to to do good for patients and yourself. on another topic, i can't wait to see your picture. how is everything going with you? i think that is so wonderful to treat yourselves to a good cleaning...ah, i can't wait for todd & i to have a place of our own to clean. carolina-i hope you're having a lovely, house warming parte! guess what, i've been salsa dancing with some girls from school on the weekends and next week we start taking lessons! i can't wait...we'll have to go dancing in houston sometime. i hope work is going well...and look forward to seeing you soon! take care everyone...lil'd

 Carol, Have you ever paid someone else to clean your house for you? We did it for the first time yesterday to celebrate our 1-year wedding anniversary -- what a dream that was to come home from work to a sparkling apartment! This woman was amazing -- she even cleaned the grout between the tiles in our kitchen -- we've decided this is something we must treat ourselves to at least once a year to really get those itsy-bitsy details that make such a difference but no one ever really has time for ... I have a belly shot I can post to the blog, but i don't know how -- whatever happened to the amazing uploader thingey?

 Amber, thanks for bringing some semblance of intellect to this blog. The only time I have time to think about what I want to post is during the time that I have while at work, which is no time because I'm constantly doing something or wasting my time with fast searches and brief browsings. No time at home time because when I am not playing with my baby and loving him, I am cooking or cleaning the kitchen or folding the laundry or eyeballing the laundry while cooking in the kitchen, the entire time with my little boy fighting against the wall of my legs whimpering for me to pick him up because he remembers better days or if my son is busy making mischief elsewhere, my husband is fighting against the wall of my back for my attention because he remembers better days while I am washing dishes or folding laundry... I read a book once I actually bought and read Maus SO GOOD I am only grateful that we don't own a T.V. otherwise i'd be wasting valuable time trying to watch idiocy... I painted my kitchen green Am planning my hosuewarming party for this Sunday... I listened to NPR this morning and heard urlLink this article about green roofs which reminded me of you... Diana, I'm thinking pink and dark red, almost brown... Liz, What's up! I started walking/running and doing Yoga, thanks to Claire (formerly known as Belinda) and am loving my little house! Miss you all! Amber, What's new with the belly? Have you had your 24 oz steak well done yet? How much do you weigh? Any ultra-sounds and what-not? Are you still looking for a house? There's one for sale right down the street from where Killy and I live and love. The rain is beautiful through our windows...

 Diana, That's interesting the way you kind of switch gears in your mind to cross between clinical and subjective experience, the left and right hemispheres. I've always been a tad squeamish -- can't stand to watch horror films, fainted at the sight of my own bloody nose as a teen-ager, went through a brief if vivid phobia of needles, etc. I figured it must be a matter of tuning out the vividness of life that made the difference between my gut reactions and a more level-headed approach -- but also wondered if any of it was learned or innate ... Also, I always wondered if people who are exposed to lots of medical ailments start having a radar for that sort of thing at dinner parties and social interactions -- i.e. I'm talking politely to Mrs. Jones at the hors d'oeuvres table but really I can tell by the pink rash on her neck that she's got acute gangliata of the colon -- okay, I'm making stuff up here -- but do things like that start to pop up in the mind?? -- i.e. I'm nodding politely as though I were listening to what you're saying but really I'm just picturing what a mess your colon must look like right about now??! hehehe -- I think my imagination would go wild exposed to that much detailed information about the human body on a daily basis -- sometimes I do have dreams about my plants -- I've dreamt that a variety of white scale insect that attacks the stems of kentia palms was all over my body and it itched sooooo bad -- and I've dreamt about parasitic weeds suffocating my plants, growing faster than I can pull them out ... I guess what I'm also saying is that I don't see how anything like hemorroid removal or pap smears can ever become so routine that you stop associating the personality of the patient with the procedure and become completely clinical -- and then I wonder if you start to care more or less for people after being so intimately familiar with their bodies, or is that something you turn on and off as well?

 hello gals, today the sun is shining, breezy blue skies..ahh life is good. its about damn time too..away with the june gloom-spring is here(compared to Texas seasons)! with the beautiful weather its harder to focus on readings but thats ok. well i hope ya'll are all doing wonderful. carolina, i love your tweet tee...its so cute! i hope you have a wonderful house warming party...i wish i could be there to help celebrate. so lil'kilito is going through the terrible 2's eh? hopefully this will pass quickly...todd told me the other night that killy papa sent a video chat of kilito-how cool. so how's life at work? amber, i hope you are enjoying pregnancy life...how's it going? i agree with carolina-send pictures! lately, i've been having some sexy, intense dreams in which todd & i are expecting a baby-crazy huh? well to address your question about the human animal,which is a very good question-i'll try to answer to the best of my abilities. i feel in order to work in medicine one has to be able to view the human body more like a composition of parts & pieces that make up an entire working system...separating mind and body in (western medicine) connecting them in (eastern medicine)...each part necessary for the whole to be complete. you have to compartmentalize and address the body objectively...reviewing every system and its functioning. in many ways, i think medicine has a tendency to view humans in a more animalistic nature too. for me, i have always been intrigued with medicine and drawn to the blood and guts so to speak, although the "nerves of steal" isn't always a innate thing...it takes practice to be able to remove yourself from the picture, remaining at a distance to perform your job yet still being empathetic and present in each situation. i'm having a hard time explaining this concept. i have yet to experience the surgery & trauma-its on the horizon. not to de-humanize things but some surgeons have been equated to mechanics if this helps any. therefore on a professional level, i can see it all, and look at the body objectively...addressing intimate concerns such as doing pelvic exams, male exams, rectal, breast, stomach, and so on, balancing the animalistic-primitive workings of the body and addressing its relation to the individual. on a personal level, how i view my love, friends, family and myself is very different...depending on the situation...i most certainly can remove myself from this professional thought process and enjoy the sensuality, mystery of the human body etc. although i can flip back into the objective mode very easily-does this make sense? is this different from your views of the human body?-now i'm curious. i hope you all have an enjoyable weekend-take care, lil'd

 Yes, it's true, I am finally going to have my housewarming party! It will start on Saturday, June 26, 2004 and run through Sunday June 27, 2004. Please come those of you who can! Amber, When are you going to send us pics of yo belly! Family updates... Adolfo knows how to use no. It's cute because he says it, pensively and decisively, not brattily. He is also going through some SEVERE terrible twos. BOY. Especially with me. It's probably because he knows he is breaking my heart when he cries when I tell him NO. It's not usual for me to say no to him, so when I do, he has a fit. Killy is studying something called Cheetah (???) on the computer whenever he gets a break from being the world's best dad and husband. We have fallen into somewhat of a regular schedule and things are still being unboxed and put away... I have 6 shirts in my urlLink Pixeltees store .

 OK So I found the urlLink Blythe doll that looks like me. Except she has green eyes in this picture Which is really not an issue because I too have multicolored eyes... Fashion Diva and Ultra-Punk girl. She was born two years after me, but then I've always been a late bloomer. Claire (formerly known as Belinda) stopped by the house last night, whilst I was out doing my daily jog. I came home and there she was propped against my kitchen counter sipping a Coronita, Killy was making tostadas... We got to talking about her little head and futuristic ultra-modern homes (i just stuck my whole arm down the front of my dress to scratch my belly and nobody saw 8-0 !!) I woke up this morning with this idea in my head and remembered a couple of articles I saw back when I was looking for a house to buy... Here's one treasure, urlLink Dome Houses .

 So, Diana, what's it like getting so intimately familiar with so many different bodies? Do you look at people differently now after seeing so much exposed flesh? Do people seem more or less animal-like to you now? It must affect you on some level of perception -- I'm curious to know how?? Were you ever squeamish about blood and guts, or are you one of those people who was just born with nerves of steel?

 Who wants to start a girl punk band? I will be lead singer. We will sing cartoon medleys...

 Hello Carolina- I'd be happy with any color! So you're thinking of red eh? I bet it's beautiful. Well I'll now be making two trips to Houston...I have a week long break starting August 14th-22nd and then I start my Cardiology rotation in Houston from Aug. 23rd-Sept. 17th. Then back in Texas for X'mas holidays and then my second rotation in Houston is Oncology at MDACC from Jan. 31-Feb. 25th. Yay! I was thinking of renting a car for the month of cardiology since its near the Woodlands area-eek.(quite a commute but well worth it) Soooo how is everything going with you gals? Have a great day & take care, Diana

 Do you like red for a bedroom?

 Hello all, I hope everyone is doing wonderful! I'm so happy that my love is recovering so well and that he is surrounded by encouraging and loving friends! My heart fell on the floor Wednesday evening when Todd called to tell me about his amazing collapsible lung...I've never felt so helpless. Thankfully he reassured me of his condition, it was as if he had already anticipated my questioning prior to his call, he remained calm and collected, telling me the details. I'm so proud of him for seeking care, I only wished I could have been there. He's super hero Todd...of course he'd do fine...I on the other hand tried not to sound anxious while simultaneously flipping through numerous medical books on treatment & prognosis. I couldn't help thinking...will this serve as a turning point and give him the purpose to quit smoking? All the while as important a factor smoking is, my concern was to address the immediate dangers, and so I made sure he wasn't having any shortness of breathing or difficulty breathing. I wanted to give him warning signs but not be alarming, yet I was sure he got all this at the ER...what else could I do. Timing is a delicate thing...the last thing he needed was me (of all people-given my history) saying something like, ya know you really outta quit smoking. I know he knows, it was apparent in the sighs...and pauses over the phone. All night I tossed and turned, the next day stricken with nausea, I saw patients which gratefully kept me focused on all things not Todd. I was elated to hear that he will be OK! I was sad to hear that this could happen again...something I already expected from my readings but remained hopeful for better news. I know the surgical procedure is an option but an expensive one, medical insurance would be a necessity. Soon, soon I say...Todd will have the best healthcare insurance as long as I can help it! I was secretly hoping that Todd would say, oh yeah, the doc's advise that I quit as well. After inquiring, the surgeon let that one slip by. I quickly said, it's documented that you decrease you're odds of this happening again by at least 50% if you quit now. He'd already had it covered, his arm that is with the nicoderm patch, ahhh I sigh in relief, I am so proud of him! Again, I just want to send my appreciation to all of you for supporting him...he has the best friends ever! As for me, I'm already well into my family medicine rotation, in Beaverton, OR. I am absolutely loving every moment! I was extremely nervous the first week, trying to resist being thrown into seeing complicated patients on my own. I am learning at an amazing speed, time flies at clinic, I come home enter patients and procedures in the computer each night...look up everything I had seen that day, do write-ups and read some more...sleep a little and wake up and repeat. Each patient uniquely different accompained with new challenges...never a dull moment even for the simple ear ache or muscle strain. Already, I've done numerous PAPs, well child exams, male exams, and regularly see diabetes, HTN, asthma, thyroid disorders, mental disorders...it goes on & on, the crazy thing is the more you learn the more you realize what you don't know and thus you strive to learn more. Yesterday I had a 15 hr + day, working at the clinic during the day and the free clinic at night. Each Thursday, in Hillsboro, doctors, nurses, lab techs, interpreters & students come to volunteer free healthcare. It is the most rewarding experience. It's difficult to see the masses of people in need but their appreciation is priceless. Next, I am scheduled for Houston, TX in cardiology I can't wait especially since I'll be closer to my love! I'll try to post more often and share some experiences if you gals are interested. One last thing, I just got done reading this incredible book called, Complications, a surgeon's notes on an imperfect science by Atul Gawande. I highly recommend it! He is a surgical resident in the Boston area, graduated from Harvard, and is a staff writer on medicine and science for The New Yorker, national book award finalist, national best-seller, need I go on. This is by far one of my favorites! Take care, Diana

 don't know what's become of them i think they are still being born at least here in my home where my family spends teetery weekends together trying to find the groove seems to me that they're around hiding in the corner with the tumbling pile of shoes or maybe curling under the bed with the dustballs and the legos maybe they haven't been unpacked yet in any case morning is a slow move from perfect to real where real is a moon-faced oval dreaming on a purr

 Great fun! glad your man got over it! Sometime it's worth the wait, you'll find yourself saying that more often later... :-) HEY I just bought Killy a really cool book for Father's day! I got him urlLink MAUS - by Art Spiegelman great book!

 Yesterday finally my hot hunk 'o man gave it to me good -- wow, I needed that, girls!! I think it was all thanks to the talk he had with his best friend, who went on and on about how great pregnant sex is and how extra horny his wife was when she was pregnant and how there's no need to worry about hurting the baby, etc, etc -- Hallelujah!!!

 hello all-i&nbsp;hope everyone is doing wonderful- well only 3 more weeks until my family medicine roation ends,&nbsp;i am counting down the days! its been fun and all but actually not busy enough besides i miss my sweetie! my girlfriends & i have been taking salsa lessons and practicing our spanish speaking skills to pass the time.&nbsp;over the weekend we went dancing on the portland spirit, a 3 decker boat the crusies up & down the&nbsp;river. every so often they have salsa night. it was so much fun. we also got to watch professional dancers, they looked so natural-i was amazed at their beauty & talent!&nbsp;i can't wait to come home and see my honey and go dancing together! well today i'm a patient for a change, i have butterflies in my stomach-i don't like being the patient. oh well-take care gals-diana

 Anthony IS superman to me -- that was just for fun ... I'm sure you all feel the same way about your super guys!!

 Speaking of supermen, how about this combo: Colin's good looks combined with Paul's depth and sensitivity, Todd's ascerbic wit, Adolph's canny observations, Taggart's playfulness, Killy's congeniality, and, of course, Anthony's creativity. Not bad, eh?&nbsp; Did I miss anyone?! &nbsp;

 Who knows when or where, but he is finally here! Harvey "Hey Jen! Aim this way!" How'd you get a phone in there?!?!? Finally, peace on earth. Harvey disguised as an alien. Presenting, Harvey!

 Carol, I will help you design your garden. First, what is your soil like? Dig some up and wet it slightly and then see if you can roll it into a ball -- if so, you have clay soil -- if it falls apart very fast you have sand -- ideal soil is loam, which is somewhere in between clay and sand. This will tell me whether or not you need to amend your soil to make it nutritious and healthy for plants before you start planting anything. Second, what plants exist already? This will tell me something about what does well in your garden so that I can find other plants that like the same things. Third, I need to see photos of every area that you want to work on -- start with one or two so you don't get overwhelmed -- and then I have to know how many hours of sun or dappled sun they get per day. Fourth, I need you and Killy to come up with an irrigation plan for those areas. It doesn't make sense to start planting things that don't have a watering system to keep them alive. I suggest you do a combination of soaker hoses and sprinklers -- this will be the most economical approach and you can get these things at any home improvement store. You should also look to see where your outdoor water sources are located -- are they near the beds or far away? We can plan more drought-tolerant plants for far away. Once I have all of this, I can draw a simple design plan for you to take to a nursery and start buying things. I can also tell you which plants can be grown from seed. E-mail me photos of plants you think might be weeds and I'll tell you if they are or not. Don't tell Killy I'm helping you -- let him be awed by your sudden green thumb gardening skills, instead!!

 plants OK So my little family was coming home from being out in the world. As we drove up to my little house, I was filled with an overwhelming sense of pride and a desire to have the prettiest house on the block. I stepped out of the car into the sun dappled front lawn and thought how easy it would be to tweak my little garden and avoid a growth of weeds. My eye locked on a particularly suspicious looking stalk, heavy with leaves. It was big and healthy and seemed to threaten the well-being of the flowering bush next to it. I gleefully yanked on greenery announcing to Killy that I would be weeding the garden today. My mistake was apparent instantly when I noticed the beautiful bulbs at the base of what I thought was a weed. Killy scolded me as I tried to put the plant back. He made me promise never to touch the garden again. I almost cried as he harrumphed to the garden shed to gather the tools needed for the job. I felt foolish and useless. And I still worry because I think weeds are growing in the garden, but I don't know if they are or not... cleaning Amber, Killy thought your suggestion about getting a cleaning service once in a while was a great one. I never thought about it, honestly. It seems like such a luxury. Maybe I should feel like I deserve more luxuries. Most of my co-workers have cleaning ladies once a week. But they, as CPAs also make much more than I do... If we decide to do this, I will tell you about the experience. dreaming I dreamt that Maru made me late to a wonderful new job with Adolph's dad. I slapped her because I completely missed the appointment and lost the opportunity at the same time. She offered to give me a ride back home but I was too angry, and surprisingly enough, she understood. She felt badly enough and responsible for my loss that she gave me money for a cab. She gave me 22.00. Two tens and two ones. I watched her drive off with her husband. Completely heartbroken and distraught about not being able to do this wonderful job with Adolph's dad, I didn't immediately leave. I sat at a picnic table of an outdoor cafe instead and had some soup. I watched as one old lady told another little old lady that her rent was going up. The little old lady pleaded to not let this happen as she couldn't afford any more for rent. The land-old-lady announced that the rent would go up regardless of how many years she had been there. Land-old-lady suggested that the little old lady should take the government subsidy instead and move out so that the apartment could be rented to someone else. The little old lady had no choice but to take the check and start packing her stuff. She didn't have much, it all fit in one bag. Then she came and sat down at the same table I was at and started talking to some of her friends who happened to be there. They all commiserated with the little old lady and I just kind of watched. I got up to pay for my soup, but when I came back, my money, which was on the table, was gone. Then I noticed the little old lady's bag was slightly open and from it's depth, two tens and two ones peeked out. I thought about the job I just lost and plucked my money right out of that bag. toenails I usually clip my baby's toenails while he sleeps. Lately, he's become more resistant to this even in his slumber. He kicks his legs and curls his toes while I struggle to not cut his delicate little skin. This morning, he woke up while I was in the process. So I showed him what I was doing, explaining everything along the way. "See? This is your foot, this is your toe, this is your toenail. I take the nailclippers and...CLIP." He was fascinated enough to let me take to clips without kicking. Maybe tonight, he'll let me finish. plus I've developed my mother's sigh.

 Carol, Here are some shade loving plants for hot climates -- I'd like to help you more, but I need more information about your garden first. Next time you have a free weekend, take a look at the sun/shade patterns in your yard and the compass directions (south tends to be sunniest/warmest, north tends to be darkest/coolest) Caladiums - look for beautiful white, pink, and red leaf striations. These look like small, colorful elephant ears Elephant Ears - large, tropical leaves in upright arrow-shaped forms or downward facing, relaxed forms Begonias - good flowering plants for shade, come in lots of different colors -- yellow, orange, red, white -- look for more beautiful angel-wing, rex, and tuberous begonias, rather than the regular garden variety Ferns - Really brighten up a shady area with their lacy foliage -- look for the silver-leaf Japanese Painted Fern or the red-in-autumn foliage of the Autumn Fern Variegated Ginger - look for the yellow and green striped leaf -- very striking foliage Black Alocasia - looks like a black-leaved, silver-veined elephant ear -- beautiful, unusual, highly desirable Creeping Jenny - look for the golden or green-leaf versions -- nice creeping groundover, more interesting than the usuals Pygmy Date Palm - A graceful, slow-growing palm that tolerates shade -- you can buy them around 1-2' tall, and they eventually will get as big as 10-15' Ivy - old stand-by groundcover for shade. White and gold variegated varieties are more interesting. Vinca - used mostly as a groundcover, but does also get a star-shaped blue flower -- I like the variegated form best Mondo Grass - grassy mounding grouncover also called monkey grass -- look for the dwarf black mondo for something diffferent -- a similar effect is liriope & Silver Dragon Liriope has very nice white and green striped foliage Shade Coleus - look for purple-leaf coleus varieties as these tolerate more shade. Very colorful foliage -- one of your best bets for interesting leaf color and texture in the shade Wandering Jew - purple-leaf groundcover grows vigorously and has a pretty little lavender bloom Tradescantia - also called spiderworts, these are grassy looking perennials that get very charming little pink or purple blooms Hope this helps!

 It's official. My little boy is weaned off the breast. It was difficult, more for me than for him. But I decided it was time when he started asking for it by name, "Nu-nu-nu-nurse?", hopefully, pleadingly... He will be two years old in August. It breaks my heart and fills my soul with warmth and love when I think about the time that has passed. And I finally understand a mother's heart and cry when I think of the losses many have suffered. For the first time in my life, I've experienced panic attacks. I'm too sensible to have such things happen to me, I naively thought. But then, I am at work and wonder who is with my child...what is he doing...how is he eating... But those are the only questions I allow myself. Other questions lurk in the back of my mind. But those are unspeakable, those are what makes my heart leap into my throat, my breathe to quicken, my blood to race. I spoke to a friend about this phenomenon. Her eyes crinkled into a warm smile and her calm voice bouyed with eleven years of child rearing in it's tone, reassured me. "That's called a panic-attack. You just have to not think about it. It'll drive you crazy." For the first time in my life, I've also experienced heaven. At least this is the only way I can describe his little body's warmth against mine, the feel of his little hand in mine, the smell of his apple sweet breath, the soft powdery scent of the crown of his head, his radiant smile. I am ridiculously proud. My Child can say his name! I shout this to the highest heavens because mere mortals cannot understand this miracle! My son can RUN! I beam foolishly as his strong chunky legs pump furiously in joyous motion. My little boy can FEED HIMSELF! I let the marinara sauce paint his cheeks as he greedily shoves spaghetti into his beautiful mouth, getting most of it on his shirt instead. I want the world for him. I want him to never suffer needlessly. I want him to know love all his life. I want to watch him grow.

 Okay, I will try to be as specific as possible, but keep in mind that I have no idea what plants are available to you locally and it may be hit or miss. You can only do a cactus garden if you have at least 4 hours of direct sun. Anything less than that will make you a bona fide plant murderer. When you say you have shade, what do you mean? Do you get any direct sun whatsoever, even if it's just for 1 hour? If so, how many hours and is it in the morning or the afternoon? If you don't get direct sun, do you get dappled sun through the trees? If so, for how long? For the sunny veggie garden, how many hours of sun does that get? Morning or afternoon? What is the average minimum annual temp that you go down to in Houston? 30-35 degrees? I don't remember. The more details you can give, the more educated my recommendations will be, and the greater the likelihood will be that your plants will actually survive. Also, planting anything July-September is probably a very bad idea due to extreme heat stress involved with new plants. Anything you plant in the middle of summer will have to be watered every day to establish a strong root system. Best times for planting: spring and fall.

 Carol is trying to ask for maru (after a lot of wine) how to plant a cactus gardens? I have a very shaded back yard and would like to start a cactus garden in the corner. In other words do I have to buy special dirt and have it raised? Our dirt is very dry and clay like. Do I need special dirt or something else to facilitate a cactus garden? What do you suggest? I also have a lot of shade in the front yard (four trees). What plants do you suggest for a variety of color? Please tell me specific plants, not names of books to research. I don't have the time. I would really appreciate your knowledge on this. I hope you can help me. I hope you have your baby naturally. I had a great experience and I believe it was the pre-natal yoga that helped me. I had Ezra within 2 1/2 hrs with no drugs, and it was the best experience of my life and I'm not afraid of doing it again. I mention this because I think it's an option to really look in to. PLUS, you probably already know, there are post-natal yoga classes out there for you to take advatnage of. I was interested in starting a vegetable garden in the one sunny spot I have. I understand that you need to have to have it elevated and it needs good drainage. What do you suggest for good drainage? OK sounds good...and I don't have a flat roof.

 maru says how can i use my extraterrestrial knowledge as a facsmile'd mother-figure to enedeavour a rendevous for the pleasure of badminton...lots of loving in the way Carol, i just want to know ho to do a cactus garden???? Amber, your turn

 At long last! Pics of Ben! Meagan and Jay are so happy to have little Ben at home. They can't get enough of him. Little Angel Rated PG... Requisite Nude Scene... WHAT THE ....!?!?!?! Ben Burrito Moon river wider than a mile Im crossing you in style someday You dream maker, you heartbreaker Wherever youre going Im going your way Two drifters off to see the world Theres such a lot of world to see Were after the same rainbows end Waiting round the band My huckleberry friend, moon river And me

 Hello Amber, You do look so beautiful, happy & healthy! Congrats on your booming business, that's so exciting when everything comes together and the coolest part is you're doing what you love! I hope you all a wonderful holiday weekend, take care, lil'd

 Oh Amber, I am so happy and excited for you! Everything you are doing is so wonderful! The best of luck with your business. Speaking of greenery and growth, I heard about urlLink Green Roofs and thought about you. I wish we had a urlLink local library like this. You look so healthy and beautiful. I can't wait for little Antonio to make his way into the world. Now that you have the amazing image uploader thingy, (thanks parabolo) you and Antny (Old man Sr.) must post pics more often. urlLink We really miss you down in the heat of Texas.

 It's funny all this talk of butterflies and cocoons because lately I've felt like my body is a cocoon for a new life soon to emerge, all wet and trembling, unfolding his wings slowly into the world ...

 Sorry I've been away I've been in a cocoon I'm about to burst What's going on?

 from this day forward, 12pak/TB or 12 pack / Tall Boy, shall be known as::: 'spilt' or 'mr. spilt' or 'sir spilt alot' that is all.

 Weaponeering.... I'm thinking it would be cool to make some flash animations of the various types of automatic firearms, blowback operated, gas operated and mechnically operated.

 Dear 12pak/TB, are you going to donate your brain to science when you are done with it? if not, can i have it?

 Dave Asks: What is this? That is a M-2 .50 caliber machine gun with a blank firing attachment mounted on a M113 family personnel carrier, probably rolling around Ft. Irwin, CA. The M-2 is blow-back operated: it's mechanism depends on the backwards force of the bullet being ejected from the barrel. Since a blank is just a small powder charge, it doesn't have the same force as the full powder charge and bullet, so the blank firing attachment covers up enough of the barrel muzzle for the blank to produce the force to operate the mechanism. It is separate from the barrel because the barrel of the M-2 moves backward (hence, "blow-back operated"). It also includes a metal piece that goes into the feed tray of the weapon, which prevents real bullets from entering the weapon, a real disaster if you have that BFA mounted. The operation of the M-2 is similar to how pistols operate, only on a much larger scale. What is remarkable about the M-2 is that is is a highly accurate weapon, despite it's barrel moving around quite a bit. I think it is probably the largest blow-back operated automatic weapon in existence or in common usage. Some other large weapons, such as the main gun of tanks or howitzers, also use blow-back force. However, the mechanism of cannon typically is confined to shock absorption and breech opening (and the breech ejects the spent cartridge or base case). They are not truly automatic in that people load the next round in them, or are automatic on an electro-mechanical basis, in that the blow-back force does not also load the round, but a mechanical contraption powered in some other way loads the next round. For the vehicle ID, I was confused at first by the soldier with the binoculars on the left. He is actually sitting on top of the vehicle and the metal in front of him is the characteristic upwards facing engine exhaust of the 113. The vented circular object in the center foreground is the horn. To the far right of the picture frame, you will notice two upright and curved at the top tubes of silver metal. This is part of the cage of the "whoopie light," a signal light mounted to vehicles while using MILES gear, a militarized version of laser tag. On the M-2, just above the base of the barrel, you can kind of see the laser, which is a little metal box mounted on top of the weapon, that shoots each time it feels the shock of a blank being fired. Since this is commonly used at large scale war games at the National Training Center (NTC) at Ft. Irwin, and the mountains in the background seem characteristic of the mountains and valleys Mojave desert there, I figured that this was taken at the NTC. The soldier to the right is wearing a CVC helmet, (Combat Vehicle Crewman helmet) and the soldier to the left is wearing a standard kevlar helmet. In my former unit they could be mortar guys or mechanics. I think they are mechanics because they look a little bit messy (sleeves rolled up, on the guy to the left, neither he nor the track commander to the right is wearing a BDU top, despite obviously in an action pose for a picture. The binoculars look to be of an older variety, which opens up the possibility that they are cavalry scouts or mechanized infantry, since it would be before the Bradley Fighting Vehicle was fielded. An additional possibility is that they are national guard, in which the messiness and dumb looking action pose would fit as well.

 It Shipped! urlLink Click to see where it is at! Update: Scan Activity Date/Time Comments Left FedEx RampC.K.S. INTL AIRPORT TW 01/31/2003 20:52 Package statusC.K.S. INTL AIRPORT TW 01/31/2003 00:05 Arrived at FedEx RampTA YUAN HSIANG TW 01/30/2003 16:28 Left FedEx Origin LocationTAOYUAN CITY TW 01/30/2003 12:37 Pickup statusTAOYUAN CITY TW 01/30/2003 12:21 Package received after FedEx cutoff time

 Now this is truly funny. It might take a bit to load, so wait till you're on a fast line. hahaha. urlLink http://www.williamchu.com/movies/officeLinebacker.mov

 well, nothing says 'techy' like a fireman and a monkey. make sure the digi is strapped good to you arm as you puke up your lunch, taggart.

 urlLink was up I finally found that link for this thingy thank you MR Serpa, however everything worked fine on the cd you passed on to me except the f.c.p. and I am glad the printer is working out for you. I am currently playing around with Carls Sd9. He is letting us take it with us on our trip to palm springs, (joshua tree while we are there) and then tampa bay. There are a couple of aerial shot we are doing for the Hotels. Cant wait nothing makes me puke more than helicopter rides.

 Ta-da! paul had set up the studio to do some product shots, so i took advantage of it. Presenting a new look for the site, youthful, yet kinda techy. don't like? change it. and where's taggart anyway?

 after i watched bush's speach last night, i've decided war is the only way we can have peace. bush made total sense. we have to have a war so we can have peace. i just hope we kill enough people in this war. that way the peace will last longer. really. that dali lamma chap must feel like a total asshole for saying that peace was the only way to have peace. he obviously wasn't raised by a former head of the CIA. peace without war, HA! what a nut. what does he know about peace? go george! all us uneducated masses are behind you! all the way! d.

 but todd, ryan and i had a blast until the power in the office blew up. yeah, i was a little worried, but everything turned out just fine. it had to happen as soon as we had all of our ducks in a row, didn't it. i spent some time this weekend putting together a little book of images i made at the urlLink japanese gardens in portland, which i was able to print thanks to taggart. next time i see him, he gets a little book. lucky guy. and there's a moral to this post :: give me something i want and i will be nice to you. other wise, take your chances.

 carol, i hear that dairy products can really help your body to produce more muccus. eat lots of cheese and butter. if you do i'm sure your face will swell full of that thick yellow stuff. i used to hock it up and use it for glue. it's better than wheat paste! gouda really makes that stuff thick and chunky. you should also try and put alot of butter on everything you eat! it tastes great on steak! killy, i wish we could have spent more time playing this weekend. you were like a little brown rambo durring our game we played. it was fun to watch you run amok, killing everything in sight. remember when the enemy hand grenade blew your face off? that was so cool. i got to see the whole thing. awsome. really. d.

 i almost forgot: this weekend was soooo cool! i had a real blast. i felt almost 'normal' for a bit. it was too bad that tag thinks his wife is more important than gaming and dave thinks having an affair with mr. green is a top priority; but todd, ryan and i had a blast until the power in the office blew up. it was extra-super-scary too considering how much of mr. green we had taken in. the "oh-shit" factor was off the charts! i reall can't remember exactly what we played, but i do remember that paul's computer isn't very ghost recon friendly. and here i thought that playing on paul's ultra fast super computer was going to really speed things up. well, so much for that... the breakfast the next morning (afternoon) hit the spot: a monster breakfast burrito with xtra cheese and salsa. oh man, i could eat one of those things every weekend for breakfast and NEVER get tired of 'em. i did manage to get in a co-op mission game in with dave at carl's place. that was fun; although, i wish i could have stayed longer. i abandoned them to visit holly before i headed back to houston. holly is as busy/frustrated/awesome as she's ever been. she's flying all over the place with tosca these days, living out of cool hotels and partying when she's not assisting. got back into houston around 10:30 or so. took my time coming back home. i imagined what it would be like to live around everyone again. i really miss having everyone around.

 both my wife and my son came back from chicago with a fever, which gives me a fantastic opportunity to take a few hours (if not the day) off of work to take adolfo iv to the dr. he's actually fine now (knock on wood) and should sleep soundly tonight. being that this is his first fever, the doc wants to check him out anyway. more than likely it wasn't even the weather in chicago, but the fact that he's teething that gave him the fever. maybe. carol's isn't really a bug either, but a normal allergic reaction to cats. normally, i'm the first (and only) one in the household to get sick. I can't remember the last time that carol has been sick. their trip to chicago was fun, so i hear. adolfo iv did fine on the plane (both ways) and everyone around him fell in love with him. his aunts, uncles, and cousins in chicago had a blast with him; although, i hear that he's afraid of his cousin thalia.

 i am never sick or actually i am very rarely sick with anything more than an itchy eye but now i am down for the count and i am out chicago does this to me killy i'm sorry i hope i don't make you sick i think it's more the dry air than anything else backing up my usual fluid head into a solid hunk of congealed muccus i can picture it there it's probably no bigger than a walnut but it's stuck up there in my little muccus cavity nowhere to go and doesn't want to get out anyway sticky and doughlike kind of like cookie dough but i really don't know maybe it's this headache never had one so big at least that i can remember can't wait to come home my husband will take care of me and thankfully the baby looks fine it's just mommy this time

 i'm prolly not gonna get out of here any earlier than 6 or 7. i'll prolly make it to austin around 10 or so. todd: should i just go straight to your house? is there anything i should bring other than my computer?

 YO! this guy has cool art stuff on his site as well. http://www.artbyfeng.com/index.htm you should check it out. d.

 dave: i thought that you might like this, seeing that you like games and stuff. urlLink http://www.burkestudios.com/

 i now know what i'm gonna be for holloween this year..... urlLink KIKKO MAN!!!!!

 urlLink the day wears on and on. carol still hasn't arrive in chicago yet. both my conferences were cancelled this thursday. i'm waiting for tech support call-backs. i'm here and...ugh. i could just fall fast asleep. i wish i could leave.

 I have spent the last 4 or 5 minutes perfecting my "Catastrophic Valiant Kim-Chee Earthquake Stomp-Kick!" i plan on using it this weekend during my war with north austin. if they they think they can post up and pick off my guys from a distance i will be forced to use my C.V.K-C.E.S-K. make no mistake, most of my friends are with me. maybe not my french or german buddies, but the new guys are on my team. so all you east side euro hommies lock and load, cuz we are gonna put it down and around and clean up A town. word. we are gonna plow thru yall like corn fields with our hot steel. peace. d.

 urlLink This is just funny. Really.

 well, luckily this day has lasted longer than normal. adolfo iv is taking his first plane ride with mommy tomorrow morning to chicago. there, he'll be staying at the Courtyard Marriot in downtown Chicago. I'm going to miss them. this will be the frist time i'm away from both of them for real. i feel kinda weird, but i'm trying to ignore it. urlLink a weekend (or at least a REALLY late night) of gaming should be great therapy. Speaking of gaming, I finished the third mission of the Desert Siege campaign. I played it for five days before i made any headway on it. The next mission is the 'protect the convoy mission. I tried it a couple of times tonight and got eaten up. Well, there's always this weekend. Well, it seems that Ryan, Todd and I are going to duke it out with Taggart and Dave and anyone else they can persuade to take their side. I wonder if chuck would throw his hat in the ring?

 all this blog, and no one to blog it with. d.

 i'm in. i'll bring my G4 if i can use the spare monitor. does everyone like cranberry juice? also, is anyone else gonna bring mr. green.

 urlLink the deal :: paul's house is available for both gameplay and limited hospitality. there is a big bed in the guestroom, and a small one downstairs. there are also two computers (mine and paul's) one spare monitor (but i gotta check the connection, it's old) and a router with four ports. so, who's in?

 sounds good! i'll be there this weekend. i'll prolly show up around 9:30 or 10-ish. um, i'm kinda still fishing for places to stay. should i stay at dave's? should i stay with carl/tag? or should i (since it seems that we may end up gaming there) just end up at todd's? also, if we game over on todd's side of town, does that mean taht i WON'T have to bring the imac? does paul's computer constitute an 'xtra' computer? that would be nice, but i don't have any problems with bringing my computer along for the ride. anyway, wherever we end up i'm sure it'll be a good time.

 that may actually be a posibility for this weekend. the boss i gonna be gone, so we may have the house available. this will offer a little more space (and electrical outlets) than tag's place. let me know how many playaz we're gonna have, and i'll check our hub.

 we should have a LAN ghost recon party. soon!

 From the urlLink poodle post: "The European Dwarf Poodle is not a true dwarf" "Nobody tosses a Dwarf Poodle!"

 I thought that since we were talking about urlLink poodles...

 yipes, stripes!

 paul's in! and he sucks at french!

 Hey this is le pablo writing from france. this place is great, except for the french people that seem to be everywhere. there is this one cool french person I met. his name is le jac and he claims that his great, great, great grandfather invented the french poodle. but that is bullshit because the french poodle was invented by a scotsman in 1671. This is the color of my sissy french toilet paper

 why did you do that to our background todd?! why?!

 yeah, todd. i knew you would hate it; although, i wasn't so sure that you would want to abandon the andale mono font you had become fond of. people change, i guess. appreciate the link to halcyon lounge, but i would to really like to see some photos taken with YOUR camera todd. speaking of, i'll post the 'house of pies' photos so everyone can see how creative you,diana, and i are after we've had a good breakfast. yeah, it's cold here too. even eleo put her heater on. i've got 17 rolls of film to process tonight. might not be around till around 10 or so. i'm going to pick up some supplies, process & contact, then coming home. todd: if you are coming into town let me know when. adolph: what are your plans? tag is in town too, but only till sunday? or is it sat night? don't remember. we had dinner last night at urlLink niko's with urlLink adolfo iv . he was cuter than ever when he spilled liz's lemonade all over the table. his reach is long.

 cold cold cold cold cold. i really should have had my heater fixed. i was downtown yesterday, near 4th street, so i swung by the place that used to be ruta maya's. it is now the urlLink halcyon lounge. i guess the revolution isn't cool anymore. on the plus side, they let you smoke indoors, a feature damn near impossible to find in austin these days. i just read killy's earlier post about how i'll recode the layout. am i so predictable?

 urlLink Other Obsessions: I used a MacWorld half off anything coupon I found on urlLink DealMac to pick up a urlLink Nostromo N50 GamePad . They didn't have any stock of the urlLink Nostromo N30 Game Mouse (you got to love a mouse touted as having a "rugged, aggressive feel") when I bought the game pad, so I will make due with my urlLink optical PocketMouse Pro . Once the N50 urlLink comes in , I am going to work on my urlLink Ghost Recon skilz. I wonder if it will work w/ Illustrator/Photoshop/Fireworks. If it did, I would probably use a real mouse more than the trackpad since both hands would be off the keyboard. It should be here tomorrow. Hmmm, I should find and download the urlLink driver ...

 urlLink That is so money adolph! Hey, where's taggart anyway? finally got the printer up on the network. it prints like a champ now, but not if i try printing a pdf or an eps. don't know what's up. something tells me it has something to do with indesign. hmmm....

 urlLink Hmmm, I wonder if urlLink this would work in a certain G4 tower north of Austin...

 not even uhaul's site is THAT orange. how about this nice green? huh? like green? green indeed. everyone know its urlLink oranges for apples.

 woo hoo it worked

 let's see if this works

 not even uhaul's site is THAT orange. how about this nice green? huh? like urlLink green ?

 haven't been drawing much lately. not to happy about it. speaking of drawings and whatnot, if we are going to do this, we might as well do it right. check out urlLink verve . they have real cheap, reliable hosting with PHP, Perl, and all sorts of stuff like that. 200Mb for $10 a month, cheap, and plenty of space for lots of files. what's wrong with orange? now we look like we're sponsored by urlLink uhaul.

 oh you're so right todd! this IS so much better. but the background is still oragne...yuck. so last night i dreamt that i was murdered. i was hit on the back of the head in a dark room and then stabbed in the back multiple times in the back. the person sat on my back and seemed to be holding knives, or whatever he was sticking in me, actually in my back. he was stabbing me but not taking the stabbing device out of me. so whenever i would writhe in pain (i actually felt pain) it would hurt worse...it was really terrible and extremely graphic. my blood pooled around my face; all i could do was weakly kick my left leg. i would lift it and then it would fall to the ground again. i was saying carol's name, but it came out funny. the person was sitting on my back saying really awful things to me. and all i could do was just lie there and die. i could almost understand having this dream after having watched a good scary movie, but that just wasn't the case. weird. now i have a headache and a really unpleasant vision in my head.

 v2.0. man i love the ability to edit my butt me too, todd! i like to edit my butt!

 this is better.

 just go to the 'template' button right above where you post. then save changes and publish the page when it takes you back to the posts page. real easy. it'll take just a bit to load up, but if you just hit the refresh button the changes should eventually take...it's kinda cool.

 is black better for you todd?

 i think you should call every hour, at least. i mean, what if (heaven forbid) something bad happened to it? i remember, one long ago file nite, a young adolph wearing the outer case to his little beige mac, peering out the diskette slot, and wondering aloud what it had seen in its short life. the file. sheeeesh.....

 uhh....does it have to be orange?

 how do i post a pic? anyone? anyone? anyone?

 urlLink I wonder if I should call about it every day. Maybe I should try and forget that somewhere across the Pacific little metal, plasic, glass, and silicon parts are being put together. I imagine that I can see the lower aluminum hull on an assembly line, the motherboard being set in it with little zipps and whirrs of electric screwdrivers... By the way, to get words to wrap around images with this theme, you need to place the image and wrapping text within a set of &lt;p&gt; tags.

 i'm so bedoggled by this blogger stuff. i'm having such a bloggy day. i feel like a total blogger. by the way, killy, you are the bloggest person i know. hey, anyone know how to cook up a bowl of blogger? i blogger the other night, but i cannot remember how it was. maybe i should put it in my pipe and blog it. d.

 so, that's how you do it.

 i don't know

 Last night i couldn't sleep. I kept staring at adolfo iv and his mother. i got up and watched some urlLink bad tv . i ended up drinking a 'dose' of nyquil to finally knock me out. i lay in bed staring at adolfo iv, and then i coughed. he startled awake and cried. his diaper was heavy with pee. i changed him quickly and he turned to carol to eat. Earlier in the day, i took on the second mission on ghost recon. it was the ethiopian factory that paul, dave, chuck, and i had so much trouble with the first time we played. i didn't finish the battle, but i did make my way into the factory and destroy the bomb squad. then, thinking i had the entire place secure, i moved too quickly and was chopped up. it was ugly...no screenshots.

 how do i put some of my drawings on this thing anyway

 personally i would like to see more of killy's recent work posted on this spot he's got some good stuff out there waiting to be eyeballed by those who love him and those who would love him if they knew him

 i am the mother hen and all of you are my chicklets why am i the only girl on this blah blah blogger this is for colin butt is very tender and juicy it is best served roasted with any dressing you like as it pairs well with different flavors as a meal it should be served with crispy vegetables to provide interesting texture to keep your diners involved

 where do I sign out? hello operator, yes I would like to buy low and sell high. the sequence has been dissrupted, my gold chain is missing, this dance song shall be a number one on the charts, who is responsible for the charts. eat my butt. colin.

 Why is it that we would do this form of communication as opposed to the established -send-respond- emails. Is there benifits, preferrably hidden, this note was written with pencil, sent via the postal system, to a grade schooler who entered it into the komputer, colin.

 I'm glad to see my tax dollars being put to good use. urlLink Brady Bunch Lyrics and music with which to sing along , One each. One of the cool things you can do is to get two windows of something like urlLink The Barney March Song running: hey presto, instant urlLink Reich-ian phase music!

 the new post. just like the old post.

 experiments in blogging. hmm...only adolph has anything to say.

 I've often thought that these are not heroic times in which to live. Political parties seems as if they are screaming "Less Filling" to one and "Tastes Great" to the other. The differences aren't substantive because there are few demons left to be slain. On the other hand, this is a pretty nice situation. It could be like Venezuela, where it seems like the liberating general is refusing to step aside like that noble Roman warrior-farmer. "It's grim, it's really grim," writes the author of the weblog urlLink Caracas Chronicles . What is even grimmer is that in these non-heroic times, the desire for perfect ethics trumps passion, and the urlLink New York Times doesn't want the author to write a weblog while being a correspondent of the Times.

 ugh...why isn't this posting?!

 blogger still isn't publishing the page. i would hate for this to work out this way. i'll try this again from home later tonight. maybe i'll have better luck then. i would hate for us to be reading each other's posts in the 'posts' page. yeah, killy gets top billing. but i made adolph an admin as a token of good will. maybe i'll make todd an admin too. once the page finally gets posted he'll prolly be so 'frustrated with the shitty layout' he'll code up a new template like he's always wanted to anyway. meanwhile, adolph will dazzle us with his semantic flash skills.

 so killy gets top billing

 i also made adolph an admin.

 for some reason, it's not 'posting' the page. reading through the discussion boards, there was a problem posting 'some pages', but there hasn't been an update to that post. so i don't know what's really going on. i changed the name to killyandfriends.blogspot.com

 These are like little letters to no one in particular. A letter to ourselves whenever we get around to thinking "what is it that I was doing before what I am doing now?" In some ways, I'm constantly thinking about putting the little things I think about into something like a blog, but the chronological order of weblogs is really unappealing. It reminds me of the worst aspects of periodical publishing: you got a be periodical rather than when-everly. Maybe in fact, a blog can indeed be a pure when-everly. However, I would prefer something that wasn't based in chronology but semantically. I'm imagining it would look like Kurtzweil's urlLink "The Brain." It is a Java applet; I wonder if it would be possible to execute it in Flash?

 Here I am again. I have another blog floating in limbo here, somewhere. I forgot the login and password. I wonder if blogger will take down a site that hasn't been touched in however long? i wonder... houston is becoming mild again this week. it won't be until thursday that the temperatures drop again and perhaps, more rain. but till then, the clouds are disappearing and the sun is coming back, which means that i can take the baby for a walk without having to bundle him up silly. i'm heading to kimberly's right after work today to process some film. hopefully, there isn't so much. i like the money, but i like my time much better. here's one:

 wow, it worked. i ftp'd something from work. in any case, this is one of the shots that i took of the baby out in front of the apt this past sunday. that astia does still looks a little bluish magenta doesn't it? i called up HPI to see if they were processing using Fuji chemistry. They said they were not, but that they weren't using Kodak chemistry which renders fuji film extra blue. They were using a different brand (i can't remember the name), so i took a chance. I guess i'll have to call around and see if i can find someone who's using fuji chemistry. (please not Adtech, please not Adtech)

 urlLink http://www.stikfas.com/

 thanks for the kudos killy. and you are not alone in being unable to view adolph's widget. he has lamented the fact that blogger will not let him embed flash elements. which baby movie are you going to post? did you get an ftp program for the pc? as far as the light meter goes, i guess you now know the problem is not with the digiCam you were using. that's lame. yesterday evening diana found a little hurt bird in the driveway. she bundled it up in a tea towel and carried it upstairs for further bundling in a few of my old t-shirts. unable to find a responsive animal shelter at that time of night we made the little guy as warm as possible and hoped for the best. the bird did not make it. it was heartbreaking this morning to see this helpless little thing, dead in its safe little nest, a piece of crumbled bread nearby .

 dude! i love it! imovie is the coolest thing ever. i'll have to post the baby movie tomorrow. i'll upload it over night. so where's adolph's 'flash widget of the evening' anyway? i'm the only one who can't see it? for todd: something is definately wrong with my light meter. the ambient metering seems to work great, but the flash meter is totally kaput. all the photos we took came out super underexposed. i guess i should have guessed something was up when you said, "wow, really? that's a strong little flash you got..." (not to mention the fact that had it not been for my using a digital camera on my last commercial shoot everything i would have shot would have been 3,4 or 5 stops underexposed----God bless digi cameras!) it said f/22 but all the exposures (and i did bracket) were at least 3 stops underexposed. at most the flash was spitting out f/8. in that case, i shouldn't have been using nikon anyway cause i could only have sync'd at 1/125. i should have loaded up the bronica, shot it at 1/500 at f/8. even that would have been pushing it. maybe i could have pulled the film a stop (iso 25 - proper exposure for astia is iso 80) and then processed it regular? it's a good thing i have 27 rolls just lying around! although, the pics of the baby out front came out kinda nice....i was looking for a different quality than what i got...perhaps i should have had the film push- processed a little for some contrast. for adolph: thanks for bringing over the burner last night. i'll try to get all the burning i need done before the weekend arrives.

 iLove iMovie. go here to see urlLink my film school resume it's kinda big, so fat pipes only.

 there is no spoon.

 Whitehouse.gov Threat Levels:

 so, austin froze today. it has been quite some time since i have had a snow day, so we made the most of it. diana and cleaned the house, made hot chocolate, played scrabble and made two movies :: urlLink movie one (avi format) urlLink movie two (avi format) and, taggart, once, long ago, i did dance shirtless on a table in corpus christi while quite plastered. killy may remember, but may not.

 I remember one time when Todd, big hairy guy that i cant remember his name right now, and I polished off many a pitcher of beer at the triple crown and followed by show down. I remember I was so hammered that I had to sleep on Todd's couch but I have had to do that a number of times. But at the time Todd was loitering around bars alot. He didnt break anything or anyone or dance on tables barechested like I heard he does when drunk. He was more self composed than say: Killy who danced to The Cure and many other 80's bands and suffered a collasal hangover for about a week after. Or Adolph who has in the past ran around San Marcos' Square pissed on the Draft's choices front doors, and the Church of Christ Scientist

 just because i found this during lunch. can anyone remember a time when todd has been off the wall drunk?

 Art Director's Toolkit is the Bomb! I love products have features you always thought would be cool, but never thought you'd see. urlLink Art Director's Toolkit is a mysterious little application that came with my urlLink PowerBook . The PowerBooks don't come with a lot of built in stuff, like the iBooks with Appleworks, lots of MP3's, etc. But they do come with a licence for Graphic Converter (I already had bought one) and Art Director's Toolkit. It is an app that you'd never think to need as an app (I used to look all this stuff up at various websites or do calculations by hand. But today I run into the ruler function. It is a little floating translucent ruler that can shift from width to height and display different units of measure (inches, CM, pixels, points, picas), and you can stretch it or shrink it. Very cool.

 Texas Homeland Security In Tha House! urlLink I wonder if it meaningful that its top level domain of .com, meaning commercial rather than government (.gov), educational (.edu), organizational (.org) or Texas (.tx).

 Can I get a WhatWhat!

 Hey killy is that a large tube of Goldschlagger? yeah, man. it was so smooth goin' down too. so smooth. adolfo iv slept like a baby that night!

 i think we must have had the most relaxing and beautiful sunday i can remember. we woke up pretty early with carol making a fantastic breakfast: chilaquiles with eggs and fresh beans. it was about as sunny as any day could get. todd, diana, carol, adolfo iv, and i ended up at empire where we ran into john and frank, and eventually, adolph and amber. it was just like running into the gang at cafe de corte. once we got back home, todd and diana took off and carol and i watched a movie with eleo while the baby napped. once he woke up we headed out for the children's museum. i really didn't realize how incredibly cool that place was.

 wow paul you werent kiddin bout being able to destroy any computer you touch. T

 I'd say it's about tem thirty. If I care to saunter over to the clock on my monitor. I have been out on the town for a total of one hour and a half. With my wife and youngest child. We heard sound poetry. Some was as you would imagine. Went to see an old neighbor that was watching our older daughter, Hannah, had some drinks, had some more(me not hannah), and now as night descends on my energy level, all is warm with the romantic filter of booze. I profess love to all sorts of things within a proximity to be close enough to be a part of all of this. As my head crashes into the pillow in my mind. I say adieu. Big boobs and panty lines. drawing and a twelve pack of something cheap. shit and piss and my homies with a tight grip on a handshake. mutha fuck. love colin.

 urlLink Amber and I are going to see Actual Air this evening, but otherwise I'll be looking forward to hanging out. I also picked up the urlLink consolodated 10.2.4 update and plan to update this weekend to capitalize on the urlLink PDF workflow stuff .

 i think prolly the best thing for paul to do is just send the laptop to me. from here we can try the clean install. if it doesn't work, then we can just ship it off to apple easily. then, once we've got it all up and running we can send it back to paul good as new. i think todd is going to be in Htown for the weekend starting (maybe) tonight, but i haven't heard from him yet. anyone gotten the word from todd?

 Paul, Can we ship you install disks? Where are yours? Do you have the bandwidth/time to pick up entire disk images online? This may be the fastest way to get them across the Atlantic. Is there a local Mac reseller/user group that can help you with an install disk (even if it is French or OS9)? The monitor dongle is a special part for all iBook (Dual USB) and PG G4 12". I'm surprised you didn't bring it with you. You can prolly find them at a local reseller like Fry's. I'm concerned with how primative France is as far as computer stuff goes. Is there a French Fry's? (No pun intended, that was really how it came out of my head..)

 ibook woes: I am unable to do a clean install cause i dont got my install disks nor do i have my external monitor cable (are those things standard or specific to macs/ibooks?) i am pretty sure it is an lcd related issue since the lcd no longer comes on; the few times it does come on, the machine crashes with squiggly lines across the display; with no lcd the machine appears to boot up fine booting with "C" pressed has no effect on the lcd : so one suspects that even having the install disks would be useless just for fun i am going to try and reset the pram and the power manager.... i have also started praying to several dieties i will prolly end up sending it to killy and request that he help me get it shipped off properly to apple

 Reasons to update to 10.2.4: urlLink Native PDF Workflow . This is pretty cool stuff.

 Whew! For a moment, I thought all of our posts had disappeared. For some reason, when I access the blog from the outside (rather than the writing interface), the blog thinks it is some date distant in the past. (February 14th to be exact.)

 hey adolph, i have a few projects i am going to need some help with. they're both databasey type things, so i'm clueless. if you have a little time let's take this up over email. and when did 'whilst' start creeping back into standard usage?

 urlLink I'm wondering what's the best way to set up a simple *nix, Apache, MySQL, PHP server. Preferably it would be a *nix distribution designed for headless operation, like a Qube, but oriented towards webserver. Update: Jaguar would be nice, if I had a spare Mac laying around the office from March till July. However, I don't. Maybe using urlLink Darwin for x86 would be a good idea. Presumably it would run similarly to the terminal on my Mac, so my production server would closely mirror my development machine... urlLink This looks promising ...

 Paul, are you sure it is the LCD? Did you do a wipe and reinstall? Have you tried it with an external monitor? I spilt beer on mine the other day, I have a dusky smear at the bottom of my screen to remind me to not drink shiner whilst computing.....

 geez, paul that really stinks. your computer should still be under warranty. are there any calls i can make for you so we can get this resolved? thanks killy, i may need some info about my ibook so that I can fill out the warranty forms; all of the info, i believe, is in my briefcase. i may send you my ibook and then request that you ship it out to applecare, etc...

 this is pablo writing from the france; i am writing this blog on a pc with a whacky french keyboard so please bear with any strangly bespelt words. I am writing this on a pc and not on my ibook because my ibook decided to stop displaying information. it prefers to whir and beep. it is, in effect, a urlLink useless piece of crap . also, in response to Adolph's most recent post: i think Jaguar qualifies as a platform for a simple Apach,MySQL, PHP server. It is a *nix distribution designed for the arguably headless macintosh community. my ibook, for example would function perfectly as a simple webserver, especially now that the lcd is kaput .

 urlLink I'm wondering what's the best way to set up a simple *nix, Apache, MySQL, PHP server. Preferably it would be a *nix distribution designed for headless operation, like a Qube, but oriented towards webserver.

 One of the things I enjoy is scoping out is all the little hidden images that are out there on web servers waiting to be used. I wonder if the low image will ever be used. Would the urlLink Department of Homeland Security lose budget if they displayed the low alert on their website too long? Notice how there is an odd number, which indicates a mid-point. The mid point is "Elevated," indicating the normal position is more than normal....

 It's creepy, it's campy-cool, it's urlLink Ready.gov ! Only the people so irony-free as to create something called "Homeland Security" could come up with something like this. It looks kind of like a cross between a sample or demo Dreamweaver site and a airplane disaster brochure, but it seems completely real. I wonder who did the drawings. Is it a style that many people use, or is it a specific person doing it? The one on the left says to me, "Walk to the right of hairspray and biohazard construction signs." I wonder if the DHS will make signage graphics for disasters similar to how the DOT makes signage graphics for construction, roadsigns, etc. (I couldn't find a signage link for the DOT.)

 oh adolph, he who is both noble and wise, both gentleman and scholar, he that is strong of both character and limb, oh great poster of images, writer of code, captain of men, master of machine, lover of women and beer, he that is a giant amongst giants, keeper of all that is Mac related, he who has knowledge of all things great and not so great........ i beseech the, if i send you pics will you see fit to post them for me? i am unworthy of such favor, yet i throw myself at thy feet (not to close though, pee-u) and beg that you will show favor upon a loathsome wretch. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeas!!! I beg you. (can i stop now? my knees are starting to hurt.)

 I want to work on one of urlLink these for little brother. I wonder if I could use urlLink GRASS to make one of a real landscape (and thereby have a good excuse to work with it). The urlLink website I found it on has some other really cool stuff. I wonder if I can be a professor of paper folding too....

 I noticed that this image is (a.) kinda large for this blog format, and (b.) loads rilly slowly, even though I have ample bandwidth here at the office. So I cut the background, shrank it, and put it on a faster host. Oh, and made it face left, on page rather than off page when aligned right. Oh, and I had to turn off annoying text justification with a tag level style call, in this case: &lt;p style="text-align:left"&gt; Image File Location: urlLink http://64.77.69.5/images/sample_image103.jpg Code: &lt;img src ="http://64.77.69.5/images/sample_image102.jpg" width="150" height="150" align="right"&gt; added width and height to eliminate browser text rewrapping

 camp fig rocks!!! i got all their albums and they all rule!!! i was at their last concert in wisconson and all i can say is fucking hard core!!! nothing rocks as hard as camp fig!!! CAMPFIG WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

 Okay, I can set up a link. But I still don't have it where the picture just shows up. Are yall using the free version of Blogger, or are you all a bunch O' Fancy Pants and driving the "BloggerPlus?" any way, Here are a couple of t-shirt designs I have done in the recent past Team Rider urlLink Blogger . Sponser Me urlLink Blogger . And the latest, that I just did for the camp fig gallery in austin. There is a show coming up, Thursday March 13, where they sent out blank album covers and told us to make up fake heavy metal bands and do a cover. I sent a cover and a concert shirt. For specific info go to www.campfig.com urlLink Blogger . When it is closer to the time of the show I will remind all ya'll in that part of the country to go and see the extravaganza. love.

 I tell you what, I have been sitting here for the better part of an hour, on netscape, following directions, so I can attempt to put some silly files on this thing, you know, make it real pretty like. Well Fuck all hell if the shit keeps calling me a jackass and telling me "sorry this and sorry that" I am using Fetch as my "client" and am tring to establish some sort of communication between my web space and this bloggy spot. Shit. Ever tried to find your way out of a dark hole with your your eyes closed and your hands tied behind your back and only cursory knowledge of how to walk. Well if not, you should try it. Love thy pencil and thy brush. ignorance is still king. I'm sure you all will see if there is any suckcess.

 hey colin, you need to have access to a web space somewhere. the host for this site does not have enough space for everybody to post all of the pictures they want. if you have internet access at home you most likely have a little bit of webspace provided by your internet service provider. they will be able to walk you through activating and setting up that space, and, using an FTP program, post pictures on your webspace which you can display on this site. alternately, you can send it to killy, adolph or myself and we'll post it for you. although, carol seemed to have worked something out...you might try emailing her.

 how do you post pictures????????!!!!!! c.

 boy adolph, you sure are getting good at this flash thing.

 Dave asks me today, "What's bad about not having a firing pin spring?" Well, the thing that is bad about it is that if you don't you increase the chance of your firing pin getting stuck and kicking off the round when the bolt closes. Below is a simple flash animation illustrating the principal. When you click FIRE, the hammer swings closed agains the firing pin, which hits the bullet and launches the projectile. When you hit go the second time, you see the bolt slide back, removing the empty cartridge and the bolt move forward, pushing the next bullet into the breech end of the barrel. If the firing pin did not have a spring and got somewhat stuck in the forward position, there is a good change the bullet will fire at that point rather than when the hammer falls. codebase="http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=6,0,0,0" WIDTH="500" HEIGHT="150" id="how_automatic_firearm_works" ALIGN=""> TYPE="application/x-shockwave-flash" PLUGINSPAGE="http://www.macromedia.com/go/getflashplayer"> urlLink What's the deal with embedding swf on blogspot? I can't ever get it to work...

 i need to go for a walk.

 One of the things that i like about adolph's job is how it keeps him away from his friends. ehhhh (in a really whiny voice)...you never talked to me anymore adolph.... speaking of whiny voices i got an email from the reverend meagan e. jones attorney-at-law today. i haven't gotten all the details of her derailed "joke of a marriage" (her words) and i'm really not sure that i do, but i look forward to the emails to come. if anyone wants her contact info, just ask. urlLink

 one thing i hate about adolph's job is that he is always learning new things and never has time to write about poop, his winky, or boobies.

 One of the things I like about my job is that they pay me to learn stuff and make cool stuff. I'm working with a developer for a Flash video for recruitment and fundraising for the tour. This is a snippet I forwarded the developer to give him the basic idea of how I want part of the video: I can't seem to embed the video in this page, so urlLink here is a link to it .

 the other day i ate something that did not agree with me and had that same mad rhino stampede bottleneck thing going on. " when you are sliding into third, and you feel a greasy turd, diarrhea, uh hu, diarrhea, uh hu........" (this post was inspired by mr. todd serpa's last post.)

 i like to get to work a bit early, so i can tidy up, maybe play with some of my own pictures, etc. and generally ease into the day. so, here i sit, filling the time with satisfying diversions just waiting for the little clock icon in the corner of my screen to remind that from this point on i'm being paid, and therefore ought to work on something that generates revenue. in those 18 to twenty minutes i go through what i have to say, what's important, what's in my head. it is the mental equivalent of someone yelling 'fire' in a theatre crowded with rhinos, and the mad stampede of thoughts bottleneck at my inefficient fingers creating another rambling post saying nothing. diana's leaving, i'm moving back into paul's since i don't make enough to live on my own, and i have a certain capitol intensive project on the semi-distant horizon that i am saving for, but this is not the place to discuss that.

 when i worked at 'la bear' my stage name was 'pancho sancho'

 people called ME paul when we lived together and both had long hair. It was great, till the girls realized i really wasn't paul.

 how do we post pics on to this bloggin monstrosity? I looked in the help menu but it was no help. Paul was always called colin, never the other way around. GOT IT. c.

 it's monday. i'm at work and things are pretty slow. it was good to hear from colin. i'm also excited that more of us are posting pics on this here blog thing a' ma-jig. although, i would like to see more action shots. i'm thinking maybe a few wide angle shots of adolph kicking the sack, or killy, dressed like a peanut and dancing the lindy hop. dunno. also, i'm still waiting for paul to send pics of some hot french women. does anyone remember how paul and colin use to be considered the same person. you would never see one without seeing the other. in fact, they even shared names. people would call paul, colin, and colin, paul. that was a long time ago. now paul is in france and colin is in portland. crazy how things change. we have all changed so much. the cool thing is that with modern technology we all can still keep in touch. even though we might be seperated my so many miles, streched across as many timezones. still, we can share in each others lives. i feel lucky to have so many friends that i can love and be loved by. (i'm talking about you todd, you little red fire monkey) everyday i get online i look forward to sharing in new ideas and photos with my friends (even adolphs nerd stuff that i can't understand). and, should mankind see fit to blow itself up in a world wide war for oil i am certain that i'll have time to get off one last email or blog to let you guys know i was thinking of you till the very end. oh, that reminds me, i need to go buy my 'end of the world' bag!

 colin, didn't you hear?! dave was talking about todd and spandex! also: are you really an esquire?

 Hello to everyone, I have been absent from most of the communications that go on. Since most of it involves "Lets get together and sit around and do all sorts of stuff that sounds like fun." and I get somewhat tired of the sentence "gee I wish my fam and I could come down to play as well." Shit is weird in the big world, as you grow each day things are colored just a bit more. Experiences, good and bad, allow you to know just how unpredictable all of this is that surrounds us. It is both exhilirating and devastating. Fogive all spelling errors. I have been involved in possible legal battles over the usage rights to images that I have created. I have lost a job and struggle like mad to find another. I have been all over the town with my new portfolio, had excellent response, had the head of Nike graphic recruitment call me from New York to schedule a meeting. It went excellent, but alas there are no jobs at the moment. I have started a sketchbook that is devoted entirely to the hand. After this many years of drawing I need to finally gain at least cursory knowledge of this part of the human expression. Enough about me. Laura is still painting like crazy. Her paintings are something quite remarkable. I feel very fortunate to spend my time with an artist that I have so much to learn from. Her paintings have the ability to have so much within them and hold on to this simplicity. To stand in front of it is to allow a story of great complexity and craft to unfold. She has two show next year. She is also homeschooling Hannah and raising up chella. Hannah is growing quite into a young lady. She is five feet tall and as smart and witty as any grown person could hope to be. It is hard for me to remember sometimes that she is still a child, ten years of age. Her expression has been cultivated ever so carefully by her mother. Hannah has a voice that is strong and her own. She has been fencing for two years now. Her teacher is a classical french fencing master. He gained the rank of master at the age of 17. he is now 77. to wathch him work is something quite rare. The opportunity that Hannah has with him is one of the cheif reasons we have not moved form this part of the country. Chella is truly a flower. As I am sure you all are versed with little killy, the child is something that is in us all. You have but to be around one and there, deep inside you, you can feel the aquaintence with innocence. She is growing quickly and is truly a gem. Often I would like to eat her. place her in a pie shell and eat her up. Such a strange sensation, but there it is. I still respond to emails, I still miss each and everyone of you, I still put on a Dave Mattews record and list in my stance for the embrace of times past amungst friends and a river. I still write turdy messages to my friends on blog. trog. smog. a-gog. colin flynn esq.

 todd, forget the gym! i think we should take yoga. i've got an extra pair of spandex that might just fit you. maybe this weekend i can show you the Rama Rama reach around. stud.

 todd, wouldn't it be great if diana came back and you were all buff. thats why i think you and i should join a gym and really beef up. we could spot each other when we do squats and pull ups. if you ever pull as muscle i'll give you my famous gladiator massage. we are going to have such fun! d.

 diana, i know for me, at least, that it is hardly a surpirse that you would be accepted into the one place you really wanted to go. i know you're going to do a fabulous job! i can't wait till you get back. carol and i miss you already. just think, when you get back adolfo iv will ONLY be 3! congratulations!

 Hooray...........

 Well, here we go again i think everyone has heard by now that diana was accepted to urlLink pacific university in forest grove, Or. i'm so excited i could wet myself though it will mean two long years of separation, and i'm gonna miss the heck out of her i couldn't be happier.

 so here are a couple of pictures that taggart sent from the sd-9. and another:

 i went to my first yoga class yesterday. it was a cornucopia of flexible women. i'll be stiff for weeks!

 how do you post images to this thing?

 well, it turns out that adolph sends back his new 12" powerbook today cause the mouse clicker was 'funky.' so i guess this means another two or three or four weeks of tracking #'s in both directions and hand-wringling waiting. poor adolph; at least he got a couple of cd & dvd burns out of it. i'm in the middle of a cold that i'm trying desperately to ignore. taggart and liz stopped by yesterday before liz had to head back to clear lake and taggart had to head back to san marcos. he told me more about the sigma digi cam that he played around with this past week. still waiting for photos from that.

 ad for me, i'm waiting for adolph to post photos of his new baby; AND, of course, a full review...

 oh yeah I also had breakfast with the lovely Meagan E >>>>>>>>> She is visiting from Atlanta. She looks great.......sounds great miss her terrably

 Well carl just paid his 4,000 smackers for his new G4 Tower.....................he got the dual 1.42 with the bluetooth module.....added scsi port and jbl creature speakers.......... Supposed to ship in about four weeks///////

 did you know that coddle is from a latin root meaning, 'to warm'. i, however, do not know what that root is.

 here it is, ladies and gentlemen! a coddled egg on crumpets!

 * if i were not hungry, but knew that i wanted to eat a boiled egg in the future, then and only then would i coddle. although, i cannot tell you how long it takes to coddle an egg because it is unknowable. how can i even guess as to the time when it is totally unknowable? if someone does know how long it takes, please calibrate me on this. d. *

 lemonfreshrecon: this one battle todd and i played was awsome! lemonfreshrecon: i was pinned down by hostile forces. it was cool. bullets all around! i kilt like 12 bad guys! killythemac: and then...todd saved the day? lemonfreshrecon: i kept calling for todd to come and help me, but he was lost on the map. as usual. so i died. killythemac: man, poor todd...he just has no sense of direction... lemonfreshrecon: eyp killythemac: i wonder how often he gets lost in his apt... lemonfreshrecon: yep lemonfreshrecon: ha lemonfreshrecon: i'm glad he has diana killythemac: not for long. what happens when diana takes off?! paul has a two story house! killythemac: todd's going to get lost on the second floor. just not show up for work for a week. lemonfreshrecon: maybe we should have gotten him a GPS system for his birthday.

 bravo diana! wow...it was powerful...it really stirred a lot of emotions in me, i came away...agitated. seriously, though, that was really fun diana i loved it. what a fantastic reminder: who needs the gulf war when we've got ghost recon right at our fingertips. speaking of the war, i would really love to go the movies. i think carol and i are ready for a movie, Liz, unfortunately, we are suffereing though a 'time-alone' deficiency. i think it's going to be sometime this week that we go and check out 'talk to her' at the same theater. if we don't go see that in the theater, i'm REALLY going to be in trouble. also: so NO ONE knows the second meaing of 'coddle'? well, i guess i'll have to tell you; although, before i do i have to say i'm disappointed in todd for not rising to the challenge. not even mentioning it was really a blow to his credibility. coddle: to boil (cook) an egg at below boiling temp. isnt' that weird? i mean, who does that anyway? am i EVER going to walk into the kitchen and see a bunch of eggs sitting on the stove in lukewarm water and say to carol, "...are you coddling those eggs?!..." i guess the question is now, WHY would you coddle an egg? does anyone know when you would need to coddle an egg?

 iLove iMovie. check it out. urlLink carwash::a short film (3.2Mb) urlLink carwash::a short film (9.4Mb)

 what i want to know is when the pharmaceutical industry is going to help people like me. those of us born with no sense of direction could really use a nice way-finding drug, to prevent us from sending our troops all over the map. thanks you.

 * i blog... you blog... we all blog for hot dogs. this weekend todd and i played a little ghost recon. dispite media reports, our forces were not bogged down. the assault went as planned. we never said it would be easy. diana had questions as to how long the war would last. we told her that the amount of time was unknowable but that it would not last an hour longer than it needed to.

 Anybody up for seeing "City of God" sometime soon? It's playing at River Oaks. We got all moved in this weekend, our little house has a great backyard...perfect for grilling hamburgers!!! (and hot dogs too, killy and adolph). Paul, wish you were here, I'd love to see you eat 8 whole hotdogs in my new back yard. I see a party in our future, how does May sound? Maybe June? It would be cool to make it a Diana going away party too! So May? I need feedback guys.

 can't afford an $800 chip? how much money ARE you spending at krafts-men anyway? come on, adolph, splurge a little. you should prolly just dump that trashy 'old' powerbook you have and get yourself hte 17". you know you need the screen real estate. besides, we all know how much you want to be like the little guy from austin powers.

 urlLink Oh yeah, the 1 gig RAM chip for PowerBooks. Did I mention I got a raise? It isn't quite enought to afford an $800 chip tho...

 vocabulary test today i used the word 'coddle' to describe what carol was doing to the baby. out of curiosity (and insecurity, admittedly) i looked it up. to coddle, is to pamper/to care for attentively. there is a second definition to this word. without looking it up, can anyone tell me what that second definition is? it's really odd and i think it would be really cool if someone else knew this.

 Paul writes: speeding up the glasnost process? if the history deems the downfall of the soviet union as a good thing it will because not only were people 'liberated' from oppressive governments, but they were 'liberated' without being subjected to the social, economic and humanitarian horrors of all out war....glasnost was good because it was not world war III: it was 'openess', not bombs. From a humanitarian standpoint, the Soviet Union was killing its own people by the million. Just read urlLink The Gulag Archipelago . Glasnost came too far too late for those who were subjected to the social, economic and humanitarian horrors of peace. But your response indicates that you are missing the point. Like the old Soviet Union, the media couldn't put cameras on the people dying every day because of the Iraqi government. The Iraqi government is not open to cameras and the Iraqi government's programs are causing everyday horror to the people there. Until the conflict in Iraq, the eyes of the world have not stirred the fickle passions of European protestors. They have not been allowed to and so the protestors haven't seen fit to decry the destruction of Iraq by it's government. This new openness comes from conflict and nowhere else.

 this is pablo writing in response to the following: Paul, Just remember, these people on the streets are the same ones that wanted to be "liberated" by Stalin. Europe had riots for a long time because people wanted the Soviets to come in and plan their economies for them. The only reason they are now seeing the suffering of the Iraqis is because of the war; before now, the media couldn't put cameras on the people dying everyday because of the Iraqi government's "palaces, not food" program. We're just speeding up the glasnost process. speeding up the glasnost process? if the history deems the downfall of the soviet union as a good thing it will because not only were people 'liberated' from oppressive governments, but they were 'liberated' without being subjected to the social, economic and humanitarian horrors of all out war....glasnost was good because it was not world war III: it was 'openess', not bombs.

 urlLink Top 10 Lists: Top Ten Myths About the War in Iraq (pablo posting) here is an excerpt from the link: 6-The world opposes the U.S. invasion of Iraq, so the world must be right. The rest of the world is different. One difference is that the rest of the world is more risk averse. They would rather tolerate Saddam and the threat he represents than take risks to eliminate his murderous tyranny. Moreover, many people in the rest of the world consider it more important (and a lot safer) to feel right than to do right. That's why everyone tolerates murderous situations in Congo, Sudan, Rwanda and North Korea. Saddam has killed over half a million Iraqis and driven 15 percent of the population into exile. The killing continues while the world preaches patience. Now the killers are getting killed, and soon the terror will be gone. Who is right? not really very convincing, im afraid....

 JERK

 here you go taggart. i found one. i couldn't help myself.

 here you go taggart. i found one.

 i want an urlLink animatronic dupe

 i wonder what level we're on?

 i vote for incompetent.

 * it now appears that our "liberation" of iraq is beginning to bog down. i imagen that in some dark corner of the world a shadow lord is tapping his finger tips together and saying, "yes...yes...excellent." it also seems that our nation will lose credibility with each day the war drags on. the iraqi forces are entrenched in the cities. our supply line is exposed to hit and run attacks. the humanitarian relief is proving to be as successful as out attempt at a quick victory. soon our troops will be fighting hand to hand in most of iraq's major cities. did our leaders lie to us about a short war, or are they just incompetent? *

 killy, please put all the cds and the documents in my briefcase; in my briefcase you should also find my reciets, etc for apple i have no info from apple can adolf help you with that? when i looked at their site, etc, i saw that they needed all sorts of serial numbers and such... try starting hooking it up to an external monitor...i think it should work, cause the machine only crashes when the lcd tries to come on... if you get it hooked up external like, try to unmake the dual monitor hack do not erase the hd before talking to apple...maybe they can repair it without wiping the hd thankyou for all your help let me know how it goes....

 It's a howitzer. If you can see it, you probably need to back up a bit to shoot it. Everybody in artillery talks about using as a direct fire weapon, much like tankers talk about using the tank cannon as indirect fire (I forget the name of the attachment you use to do this...). In reality, 38 is fine for a vehicle that is meant to be behind the FLOT. The reason why the M1 has more speed is so it can act a lot like guys on horses: lots of back and forth and attacking quickly and exploiting flanks, etc.

 * The M109A6 Paladin howitzer is what i consider to be a long distance liberator. the problem with this is that you really have no idea how many you have liberated until you roll up and take a look. since the M109A6 Paladin howitzer can only travel at the speed of 38 mph, the liberated will have long since been buried by the time you reach them.

 where's todd?

 this thing just looks cool. hey dave, how many iraqi's do you think this thing could liberate? M109A6 Paladin howitzer Crew: Four Armament: 155 mm, 39 caliber, M284 cannon assembly, fitted with the M182A1 mount; 0.50 caliber M2 MG Maximum speed: 38 mph



 i'll have to shoot both of these over again and pay attention in the darkroom this time.

 here's another one i did. i didn't travel too far from the studio to do this.

 so i finally managed to process some film the other day. lucky for me i didn't try to print it. i distracted myself while i was processing the film, and i accidentally let it sit for 3 minutes without agitating it. i'm sure taggart and todd will know what i'm talking about. the damage doesn't come through all that well if you moderately adjust the images, but if you try to make really radical changes....you can see it real bad.

 I hope everyone is enjoying this spring time weather...the flowers and the trees...I wish I could forget about this war and the state of the nation/planet. But I can't. Ignorance is bliss...but I just keep tuning into NPR every morning.

 Why of course the people dont want war. ... That is understood. But after all it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship ...Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same in any country. Who said that? Hitlers accomplice, Hermann Goering (commander of the German Air Force and president of the Reichstag), at the Nuremberg trials of Nazi war criminals in 1946.

 One of the things I really like about my job is that I don't really have a job description. It can be hard sometimes but when I build little web apps that make people really really happy, it makes it all worth it. I wish I could show you guys what I'm working on but it is all behind-the-scenes kind of glue stuff. It is all kind of boring and non-interesting too, but I'm learning a lot about how to make stuff that works, make it fast, re-use stuff that is already there, and put data into different database products.

 Hey Dave, Operation Iraqi Freedom is definately folly. It is going to be expensive. We would probably get more bang for the buck by selling the Iraqis weapons on credit so the wogs in the Middles East can concentrate on killing each other. That is France and Russia's winning strategy so far. Killy, Glad to see you are enjoying the ultimate fruit of being American: Crustless White Bread! Where's the mayonaise? Are you boycotting French-named products? Paul, Just remember, these people on the streets are the same ones that wanted to be "liberated" by Stalin. Europe had riots for a long time because people wanted the Soviets to come in and plan their economies for them. The only reason they are now seeing the suffering of the Iraqis is because of the war; before now, the media couldn't put cameras on the people dying everyday because of the Iraqi government's "palaces, not food" program. We're just speeding up the glasnost process.

 paul: your computer arrived yesterday. i unpacked it and tried to turn it on. no dice. i pulled out the cds and put them in a safe place. the paper work is here on my desk and the small not to eleo will be given to her when she arrives. I'll start to look into getting your box back to apple for repair. do you think you could forward me the email that you received with all the 'apple info'? that would really help. it was a nice treat to see it packed with a french newspaper. i'm sure the images you see on your end are much more real than what we see here.

 i mean, french food is good and all....but....

 what i wouldnt do for a bean burrito ... heck, even just some beans....

 man that hotdog looks good

 hey guys seen from here things look really bad. there are massive protests everyday, all over the globe...hundreds of thousands of people in paris, even more protesting in spain, italy, asia, etc; people who were once ambivalent towards the u.s are now inspired to burn flags, chant 'fuck the americans', etc the images of the war that one sees on tv here are horrible; us pows, dead marines, maimed iraqi children; its no good...no good... but, of course, what i am really worried about is where my computer is...any word ?

 * http://dear_raed.blogspot.com/ *

 taggart: does this mean you're gonna put your 'viva la raza' keychain back on your keys? careful, they can smell your fear...

 Well Todd I really am not that distant from you and even less so by this weekend. For those of you who havnt heard Elizabeth and I have found our new home in North Central Austin. More specifically, 616 St. John, right past the intersection of Airport and N Lamar. In the custom of those around me, (my new neighbors), I am celebrating by raising my 40oz and giving a shout out to my hommies.

 i ran out of bread this afternoon. we had bought two different types of wheat bread, i had actually gotten used to it. i was ENJOYING it. really, i was. all the little nutty things and pieces of oatmeal or dirt, or whatever that sits on each thick crust of the bread was delicious...i was liking it! and then..... i blame adolph.

 adolph, you should get this: urlLink bookletizer. it is a real simple page imposition xtension for qxp. works like a charm

 * i believe this war, operation iraqi freedom, is folly. i fear that the ranks of those who would cause us the most suffering will only swell as a result of our naked aggression. i fear that the oil men that now control our government are playing a deadly game of deception with our nation and the international community as a whole. i fear that most americans will support this war out of fear, ignorance, and blind faith in our "elected" leaders. i fear that the wise have replaced wisdom with weapons. most of all, i fear for the lives of all those that i love, and for a world poisoned by fear, hate, and greed. i hope that i am wrong. *

 oh, by the way, i think the war is going to get a LOT worse for us. I just have a deep feeling in my heart that this is going to turn out to be a very big mistake, regardless of the dangers of assymetrical military conflict.

 oh todd, it's nice to see you writing on AND reading the blog. so nice. (this post would be funnier if i were funnier)

 aah, taggart. it's impressive how distance emboldens one, isn't it? yes, i 'fixed' the problem. more accuately, i fixed the symptom, the real problem being my occassional blinding stupidity. this post would be funnier if one could lisp (lithp?) online.

 todd's printer problem wasn't a problem with the printer at all, but a 'save as file' option that was mysteriously clicked. my printer won't print cause the color ink is out; even though all i want to print is a bw doc.

 Hey Todd, you nancy, did you ever figure out what was up with your printer?

 norbert is one i have never heard used (outside of chicken run). nancy, however, is pretty common. think 'sissy'. and kudos to you on the use of contextual clues.

 todd: in the movie 'chicken run' the two rats use some language that i think you might know something about. at one point, the one rat calls the other 'norbert', as in, "...you stupid norbert..." and another time he says, "...why are you crying, you nancy?..." i assume that using those names is a lot like calling someone a nerd or dork and a girl, but where does this come from? am i right in my assumption --- kind like using 'waldo' as a name for a nerd?

 i have to agree with adolph, mostly because he is smarter than me. while i do not believe the vast majority of what the government tells me, i do believe that life for the average iraqi is pretty crappy. my only hope is that this action, once completed, returns the country to it's people, and not just handpicked powerbrokers installed by the US. we have quite history of placing people in power who are no better or more just than saddam, they're just willing to play ball. maybe this is unrealistic, but it seems to me that if the UN had decided this issue was worth fighting for, and that they meant it when they said iraq must be disarmed, the combined force of those countries being parked outside iraq may have led to a much shorter conflict, if any. standing up to the US, Brits and Australians is one thing, knowing that if you can just bog the war down enough, and make it messy enough, maybe the will of your enemy will change, political presure will win out, and they'll go home. i think most of the iraqi leaders are power hungry enough to take that chance. but if you throw in a few more industrialized nations that scenario goes away and you're faced with certain, untimely death. that may have changed a few minds.

 Hey Paul, what's the unemployment rate in France?

 There are 605 Kuwaitis who disappeared after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. Only one has ever returned. [ urlLink ">link ]

 urlLink Chechnya must be an interesting place. urlLink ". . . The Palestinian relationship was particularly bad with a small but vital part of the Jordanian military structure, the Circassians and Chechens. . ." urlLink ". . . French police arrested two suspected terrorists in connection with an inquiry into a so-called Chechen network. . . ."

 paulmercado1: i can get past the "war is terrible thing" paulmercado1: i just cant get past the paulmercado1: climate that this crisis has caused paulmercado1: it has agited everyone and unified no one I think that the people who are agitated are the people who have been itching to be agitated. Having worked customer service a bit, I have grown to notice people who seem to be just waiting for something to complain about at length. The French political structure has been waiting for something like this to come up to be able to make a stand against the "hyperpower" boogie-man they've been talking up for some time. Conflict rarely unifies people. It would seem that this is the basic nature of conflict (as in people are disagreeing about something) and it would be dumb to expect that this one is any different. For more than a decade, the US along with the rest of the world has been engaged in a conflict with Iraq. We set out some conditions for the closure of that conflict and after the liberation of Kuwait changed our stance from military conflict to an economic and political conflict. For over ten years this has been ineffective. Iraq hasn't fulfilled its end of the bargain. As a result, the economic conflict has inflicted great hardships on the people of Iraq. The US change in stance from economic and political conflict to military conflict reflects the sense of urgency we have in eradicating the sources of threats that before September 11, 2001 didn't seem like such a big deal. This change in perspective on the part of the US has become a source of conflict within the "we" that has been in conflict with Iraq. It seems that a lot of people see the world with the same perspective that they did before the terrorist attack on New York City and Washington, DC. That's fine, they have a different perspective, and don't have the sense of urgency that the US government does. As a result, when the US government indicates the source of their urgency, people with a different perspective think "Stupid Americans, don't they know that the hijackers came from Saudi Arabia, not Iraq?" The sense of urgency in confronting the Iraqi threat doesn't come from direct links to the present-day asymetrical military conflict known as terrorism. It comes from acting against what's next and completing old unfinished business. Despite ricin in French subways, it seems like the French gonvernment still thinks there is plenty of time, that countries like Iraq are not credible future sources of asymetrical military conflict. If people are agitated about this, about the state of conflict between the US and countries like France, well then it seems like they are pretty easily agitated. At a personal level, I'm curious about the thought process of people who are against the Iraq military conflict. It is pretty much agreed that the sanctions have made life pretty crappy for the average Iraqi. In fact, it is so bad that people are saying that the sanctions are killing people. Despite the economic sanctions, the government of Iraq has the resources to build a bunch of "Presidential Palaces" even as people can't get food and medicine. As bad as military conflict is, the economic and political conflict have hurt more for longer. Wouldn't it be in the interest of the Iraqis, humanity, and peace to have it over with than drag it out? Things in the US are normal, as much as the media makes of it, nobody really cares about the naming of French Fries or anything else French. To say that nobody really cares about what anyone in France thinks would be an unfriendly ad hominem. However, it would be folly on the part of any French person to think that their world perspective has much relevance to America.

 Eyewitnesses Report Seeing Wounded Saddam Being Carried From Compound Fri Mar 21 2003 10:32:01 ET Intelligence sources now say there were eyewitnesses at the scene where Saddam Hussein's complex was bombed on the first night, ABC reported Friday morning. John McWethy, ABC's national security correspondent, said on air: "Those eyewitnesses say that they saw Saddam Hussein being taken from the wreckage on a hospital gurney, that he had an oxygen mask over his face. In addition, intelligence sources say that there is a lack of communication between Saddam Hussein's office and his main commands and the rest of his government. "They are interpreting that as meaning that there is some problem with his health. So they are optimistic that something has happened to the leader of Iraq, but they are still extremely cautious about what his condition is."

 jeez, everyone. the war is underway and you guys (especially dave) are too quiet ---- like baghdad...

 killythemac: sup foo! paulmercado1: foo* paulmercado1: sup buddy paulmercado1: how you enjoying the war killythemac: eleo is gone...back to mexico.... killythemac: oh, it's been great! i mean, we watched it on tv for a bit, but then it got just as boring as 'cops' so we watched a movie instead... killythemac: that's horrible..war is horrible... paulmercado1: right killythemac: i'm not excited about it... killythemac: so how are the french liking it? killythemac: pretty cool. are they shocked and awed?! killythemac: ha! paulmercado1: the world is preparing a big fuck you for the united states paulmercado1: not good killythemac: yeah, i think so... killythemac: bush is really leading us down a terrible path... paulmercado1: yup paulmercado1: from the media perspective here paulmercado1: it appears that americans now hate the french paulmercado1: are people beating up french foriegn exchange students and stuff? killythemac: not really. i think american women think french sounds sexy... paulmercado1: people here are like killythemac: the only ones that feel honestly betrayed are the veterans...i think.... paulmercado1: "why bush gotta be like that?" "do people eat french fries anymore?" etc killythemac: i mean, how many people REALLY care what the french think? paulmercado1: thats what i keep telling people killythemac: i ate french fries two days ago and loved every greasy salty lick of them... paulmercado1: im like paulmercado1: nobody really thinks about you guys paulmercado1: are there terrorist warnings and such paulmercado1: ? killythemac: code orange... killythemac: 2nd highest level. paulmercado1: code orange!!! killythemac: yeah... killythemac: the mood is different in everyone...some think this is the right thing to do. some think it's a disaster, some think it's the right thing to do the wrong way, some think it's the right thing to do at the wrong time... killythemac: no one 'likes' sadaam, but no one wants to see dead innocent people. paulmercado1: yeah, the debate really isnt about whether sadaam should be replaced...its about whether a crazy american president should be able to launch a bunch of missles and stuff killythemac: exactly. killythemac: i saw a show on pbs (pbs.org) called the long road to war.... killythemac: it actuallylaid out the history of this conflict pretty well and put a lot into perspective for me... killythemac: it convinced me that sadaam has to go... killythemac: it even almost convinced me that the lengths we are going to are justified... killythemac: but...there's still that whole 'war is terrible' thing that i can't get past... killythemac: although, if this were a risk game...it would be necessary to take him out, if only for the risk cards... paulmercado1: i can get past the "war is terrible thing" paulmercado1: i just cant get past the paulmercado1: climate that this crisis has caused paulmercado1: it has agited everyone and unified no one killythemac: this policy of taking out iraq was rejected by president bush teh elder, who opted for containment... killythemac: taking out sadaam should have happened then... killythemac: true... paulmercado1: i would have like less extreme rhetoric, less clumsy diplomacy killythemac: i think that to everyone else (france, russia,...), the policy of containment worked, even though they know that sadaam needs to go. of course, france and russia have existing contracts with sadaam for oil after the sanctions are lifted...they are working in their interests just as much as we are.... killythemac: it's all bs politics... paulmercado1: right killythemac: all of it... paulmercado1: except for the dead people killythemac: yeah, except for the dead people... killythemac: that isn't to say that bush is a horrible diplomat... killythemac: he just stinks. paulmercado1: speaking of stinks killythemac: he's terrible... paulmercado1: i am eating a lot of stinky cheese killythemac: i bet... killythemac: how's france going for you anyway? are all your conversations about america and how stupid we are acting? paulmercado1: yup killythemac: "...so what do you think of my drawing...?" paulmercado1: that and if i like the cheese killythemac: "...i think america is stupid..." killythemac: "...but my drawing..." killythemac: "...stupid!.." paulmercado1: exactly killythemac: "...stupeeed!..." paulmercado1: that and paulmercado1: i have been stopped by the police twice now killythemac: for what? killythemac: for being brown? paulmercado1: for being brown maybe? i dunno, here there is a lot of racism against arabs... paulmercado1: maybe i have bad fashion killythemac: yeah, you look like a wanderer sometimes... killythemac: walking around everywhere... paulmercado1: and i was peeing on a car paulmercado1: 3 in the afternoon killythemac: without a beautiful french woman on your arm... killythemac: you can't be serious... paulmercado1: hey, i gotta split ... kiss the bb and the wife and thanks for making eleo feel so welcome in your home and be safe during these trying times and say hello to the gang for me and pray that my fucking computer arrives soon killythemac: ok, bye...

 folks, I sincerely want to thank everyone for making eleo feel so welcome, etc. also i pray that you are all safe during this locos times

 well, it's begun. you think iraq has any risk cards to throw down?

 eleo is going back to mexico today for a couple of weeks or so. maybe a little bit longer. if i'm not mistaken, her mother will be coming to take her place in about a week. carol will be working half days for the next week or so, unless anyone wants to come a baby sit for a day or two. it doesn't pay much, but he's really cute.

 this morning carol and i were in the car driving to work. we were on montrose and fairview and carol asks me, "killy, what are we going to do if there's an attack here in houston? i mean, like a chemical attack or something?" i got scared. and i thought of my son. and i got scared mostly cause i didn't know what in the world i would do. speaking of attacks: 'save as file' was checked?! i thought you knew what you were doing todd...i guess i'll just have to rely on adolph for computer advice now, if he can keep his beer in his pants...err...mouth...err...ugh...forget it...

 They say that some babies walk, or totter around at least, before they crawl. So baby Adolfo could be on his feet before he figures out the low-crawl. I think I was one of those kids. I should ask my Mom.

 adolfo iv pulled himself towards the edge of the crib (while sitting), grabbed onto the bars and pulled himself to standing. it was amazing to watch. he still hasn't fully crawled yet. he jerks and kicks his feet, but he hasn't quite pulled himself up on his knees yet. he's so close though; so close.

 that threw me for a while to. if you click on the box it will reveal that it actually says 'brand' like fruit of the loom, etc.

 Maybe it's just me... ...but is Todd's t-shirt joint looking for bust sizes?

 ya know adolph, i did some research and you know what, he didn't have missiles, you're right! i think we should update the art of war so it fits in more with this modern war. Sun Tzu revised, "Thus, the best policy for the military operations is to gain victory by attacking first with the full might of your army, crushing anyone in your path, and let god sort them out (this should be done in the name of peace). Next best policy is to disintegrate the enemy's alliances by calling them all 'evil'; the inferior way is to reach a peaceful solution by means of diplomacy; the worst way is to try and use any kind of strategy other than total fucking war." now this is a Sun Tzu that we as americans can love and respect. i can almost hear the cries of the iraqi children as they watch all of hell unleashed upon them. can you hear it adolph? isn't it music to your patriotic ears? god bless all of our missiles. may they liberate all of mankind. amen. .

 you're right todd, that WAS cool! as for dave and sun tzu: sun tzu didn't have missles. k. urlLink it works now, wise guy.

 i think it was Sun Tzu who said, "the best policy for the military operations is to gain victory by means of strategy. Next best policy is to disintegrate the enemy's alliances by means of diplomacy; the inferior way is to launch an attack on the enemy; the worst way is to storm cities and seize territory." soon we shall see if this theory still applies in our modern world. http://www.chinavista.com/experience/warart/warframe.html

 you must go here because it is cool. urlLink pixeltees.com i fixed my printer. the 'save as file' option was checked in the output options. feel free to call me names.

 Women can't help but love sweat urlLink How did someone think to ask this? ". . . a 'chemical communication' subtext between the sexes that enables men and women to coordinate their reproductive efforts subliminally."

 Anthony! Okay, I ran into this urlLink Michael Musto Article in the Village Voice from urlLink link from Gawker.com , and the little illustration looks pretty cool and I read the illustration byline: Anthony Fida! Way Cool! I still need to finish up the NYC trip email and email those guys.

 taggart, what? that will never work. todd, bang the hell out of it! that will show it not to mess with you. just smack it around. yeah! don't it feel good? d.

 Todd... Try this 1. Unplug the printer. 2. Remove the printer from the printer list. 3. Restart 4. Plug the printer back in. 5. If the computer doesnt automatically add itself try doing it manually is it the c60 or pauls

 its the weirdest damn thing. my printer up and died. sort of. more to the point my computer suddenly stop recognizing the driver. poof, no driver. i can see and add the printer through print center but only &nbsp;if i use epsonusb as the type. if i use regular usb it tells me there is no driver. i could understand it if i had just installed or updated something, but i did not. one minute it worked, the next, no dice. weird.

 Hey Killy this is one of the Songs off the new Johnny urlLink cash Album I think you would like it.

 paul, if you sincerely want to support this administration then you must do the following; first, you must remain as ignorant of world events as possible. i suggest reading or watching fox news. second, if you wish to make a statement in favor of our country or our war on drugs, terror, oil, freedom, ect., make sure you are speaking to a cop, exxon/mobile CEO, the F.B.I, or a fellow republican. (this seems to work for bush.) third, if you know of anyone who does not support any of the wars that we as americans have the right to fight, label them as a terrorist and kill them with a bomb. paul, always remember, just because we expect that other countries follow U.N. resolutions, or face being invaded, does not mean that we have to. oh, i almost forgot, make sure you live every day of your life in fear of those different from you, especially the darkies. this should be your daily mantra,"better them than us." oil is king! long live the king! d.

 If you read the little article about the fries on my last post you would now know that it is called Liberty Toast

 thanks for your responses...in support of my country and president i have decided to everything as unililateraly as possible: no more asking my host mother to pass the mustard- i am just going to reach out and grab it. do you have any other suggestions how I, a lone patriot, can support my country? should i stop eating toast, unless it be produced elsewhere and appropriately renamed? let me know!

 The Mini RC Keeps Getting Better Damn this it so cool. The remote control tanks that fire IR at one another and register hits by lights coming on from underneath. If I didn't live in Texas, I'd want to live in Japan. urlLink Link

 Next time you are in a "French" Mc D's just ask for a side of "Freedom Fries" http://www.cnn.com/2003/US/South/02/19/offbeat.freedom.fries.ap/

 paul, good luck. bush is making us look like the clampets of the international community. "granny! git ur gun, them darn iraqee folks need a liberate'n, even if it means we gots to kilt every dang one o'em to do it!" so, can you blame anyone who might think of us in a less than positive light. it's obvious to all that the U.S. is moving backwards since it's an asshole that is leading the way. your best bet is to tell everyone that you are a mexican. d.

 How foreigners will know you are a Texan Each statement begins with "Waaahl, as a Texan, . . . ." We sell your iBook and ship you a hat and boots. You don't think higher oil prices are a bad thing. You say pappas fritas instead of French Fries.

 How foreigners will know you are American: font-size: 10px; font-weight: normal; font-style: normal; text-align: left; margin-left: 0px; margin-right: 12px; color: #000000; line-height: 14px;"> You would have been perfectly happy letting the wogs kill each other, until the day they became a threat. You don't know or care about urlLink other countries' unilateral military actions . You keep asking for French Fries. You're leaders are real pacifists ( urlLink draft-dodgers ) rather than urlLink domestic terrorists . Your country hasn't been urlLink selling weapons on credit to Iraq .

 urlLink buy a gun.

 this is pablo writing; i am trying my best to reinforce negative stereotypes about americans and texans, but i am running out of steam; do you have any ideas or stories that i can share with my europeen classmates that will help them understand how special we are? also, be on the lookout for my dead laptop; it should be arriving any day now....

 JERK

 Beautiful urlLink Pasting Mr. Cockerham's stickers over the bar codes on their Safeway cards, the shoppers receive discounts on their own purchases. But Safeway's computers peg them all to his account, compiling a list of his latest shopping "favorites" that he can monitor by logging on to Safeway's shop-from-home site.

 that last one is from dave. only he could be so cruel.



 dave is thoroughly anti-war.

 Just posted Killy and my Photos on the dot mac space: urlLink http://homepage.mac.com/adolph/PhotoAlbum18.html urlLink http://homepage.mac.com/adolph/PhotoAlbum19.html

 oh todd, i'm so glad that you got to it first. i haven't had a chance to sit down and put all that stuff together. although, i DID get a chance to print out a 16x20 test of the photo on the hp, which, because of an importing error, was actually printed to 23.45 x ?..... it looked really great; a little 'soft', but it had a nice quality to it. i'm going to try my hardest to get a good one out today. i upsized it to 16x20 @ 300 dpi (ppi?)...it took a little bit, but my processor on this box is pretty fast. it crunched it out in about 3 minutes, maybe less. there are other issues to deal with, though. it prints a lot darker than i expected, so i've got to lighten the image up. in any case, thanks for putting up that gallery. i'll have to send the link out to family. pual: last night i went to sam's to buy wipies for the baby and 6 stalks of romaine hearts for your wife. as i was leaving, i bought myself an icee and thought of you when i saw the greasy pepperoni pizzas spinning under the heat lamp. we miss you.

 you will find fotos urlLink here. wasn't sure when the fam was going to be in austin next, so we ran by the studio and made these.

 this is pablo writing from france wishing all those benamed todd a happy birthday and also wherez the fotos?

 Hey Todd, urlLink http://www.flazoom.com is an interesting site about flash website usability.

 Guess who I saw yesterday? Dan!

 already have a copy of "The Private Press" thanks for trying it is a good track though

 Taggart Next time you're listening into "Radio Free Adolph" check out: Mashin' on the Motorway; 2:58; DJ Shadow; The Private Press I'm not certain how to make a link into my iTunes radio station....

 adolph: i get an error message when i try. quote, "error syncing to mpeg http://adolph@216.62.190.228

 Taggart: If your firewall allows outbound port xxx connections it may or may not accept inbound.... Killy: Have you tried adolph@216.62.190.228 ?

 winamp gives me an error for adolph's ip and 'could not connect' for tag's ip.

 The Only Problem I can forsee with you accessing me is that our wireless router here at the has a built in firewall.........so tell me if it works and what I can do.

 I am enjoying some of iTunes new features like sharing music and adding the Album's cover art.

 try accessing me at daap://192.168.2.108

 i don't think i would be able to access your steam from work would i? i mean, from a pc box without itunes? i've got winamp.

 Taggart, Killy, I'm at 216.62.190.228, user is adolph, pass is music24 Try it out! Okay, I took off the password, the URL is urlLink daap://adolph@216.62.190.228 . It is pretty wild to hear music from my machine over the telephone from Austin. Killy, I think WinAmp uses regular streamcast protocol or whatever, see if it can connect to a stream, then plug in the adolph@216.62.190.228 part of the URL.

 I got it from urlLink MACMINUTE . You should check out the Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots (Pt.1) [AOL Sessions].

 thanks adolph. i managed. k.

 You know, b/w is interesting because it decreased reality. You can kind of see what we'll look like in ten years. Hopefully nobody will slap Todd on the back when he has that expression...

 Taggart that is soo cool! Where'd you learn to link like that? Which song?

 just so everyone can see everyone:

 Hey Adolph I stongly recommend you check out this other version of urlLink the flaming lips Yoshimi.

 Behold, the Pebble of Power! &lt;speak voice="Diana"&gt: I would be a queeen and all would bow down and worship me.... &lt;/speak&gt:

 one diana to rule us all? one diana to rule and in the darkness bind us?

 That is so cool Todd. At first I thought it was an error, but then I realized it was an effect, kind of like "Ring of Power" mode...

 more fun with iMovie. this is the best program ever. although i did just get a copy of final cut express, and want to play with that. it sure looks just like FCP. gotta figure out how it works. although i have recently seen the danger of including loved ones on this forum, i have decided to be brave and premiere my documentary film, in which diana brewer throws a rock. urlLink RockMovie. yes, i know she throws like a girl.

 Yeah, I was thinking about sharing out to myself, to the PC at work, but sharing out to you would be cooler. I was reading somewhere that someone leaves their computer at home and shares music to himself at work.

 HMMMMM the mac observer explains how to share your library over an ip instead of using just rendezvous. We should try this manana Adolph.

 You guys are jerks and neither of those made any (*&()*&(* sense

 Like this? If you turn Liz 90 counterclockwise, it almost looks like she is flying. This pic is begging to be animated with flash. [ urlLink Source ]

 you sure can taggart.

 One of the REEAALLYY cool things about the blogger is that urlLink SUPER COOL WIFE posts to the blog, makes links, and keeps us all up to date on STAR WARS. Do I know how to pick them or what?

 One of the really awful things about blogger is that after coding and html entiny like ampersand lt semi-colon, it puts it into the symbol the entity represents when you hit edit. for example, if i were to put in &amp;lt; so that an &lt; would appear, then wanted to edit the post, the &amp;lt; would show up as an &lt; in the editing window. This is super annoying.

 Hi Liz, it's time for a little HTML refresher. Below is what you coded. There are a few things wrong with this. Within the entry screen of the blog, you should not enter an or tag. This is taken care of the blog's web page. Also, you should close the Hyperlink &lt;a href="something"&gt; tag with its closing tag &lt;/a&gt;. (I apologize if I wrote this seeing something with which you were experimenting.) html&gt; &lt;body&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;a href="http://movies.yahoo.com/news/fc?d=tmpl&cf=fc&in=Entertainment&cat=star_wars"&gt; check this out&lt;/p&gt; too bad Han Solo won't be be there too.

 html> urlLink check this out too bad Han Solo won't be be there too.

 urlLink Tom Brokaw sez: "a powerful Ohio Republican who is not convinced tax cunts are the answer."

 i just thought that urlLink this was a damn funny commercial. you gotta check it out. sorry to interrupt the itunes dribble.

 One thing missing from the iTunes Music Store is some way for me to put a link that leads to the music on a web page or in an email. One of the really cool things about Amazon is that you can just about always link to a book (although urlLink certain authors remain obscure). I just d/led a really cool Bela Fleck classical cut, but I can't put a link in the blog to it. Uncommon Ritual 6:04 Edgar Meyer - Bla Fleck - Mike Marshall Uncommon Ritual Classical 1 4/29/03 9:31 AM

 Taggart, I'm imagining that their help lines are as clogged as the money acceptance lines. I was on the verge of calling or emailing them because it kept telling me that there was something wrong with my home phone number. But there isn't a listing on the iTunes 4 buy-music form for phone number. The trick is to go into your Apple Store account and set up your billing info there and correct your phone numbers, etc. Then go back to iTunes and back up to the agreement. Re-accept the agreement and you should be home free, at least I was. I'm going to check in on Macintouch and see if anyone else encountered/fixed this.

 For Some Reason it will not let me confirm my credit card info. So I cant buy anything.........and I could have saved you about ten bucks as well adolph I already have that album. Is the quality lower. 128 bit rate of AAC it SHOULD be CD quality. And you can burn that CD at least 10 times............................in theory that cd could be encoded back from audio to aac with just a fraction of loss and not much if you encode it at a higher bit rate RIGHT?

 urlLink WHY DO SOME SOCIETIES MAKE DISASTROUS DECISIONS? by Jared Diamond I'm just finishing up urlLink Guns, Germs and Steel , so this is a nice find. You guys may also find it interesting.

 Picked up the new Beck album with iTunes music service. In some ways honesty is going to be hard. It isn't that we can just share files amongst ourselves anymore with the AAC encoded bits bought from the Apple store. We can burn each other mix albums, which is honest, and stream the tunes, but it'll work a bit like mildly enforced honesty, there'll be ways around it but they'll be things you have to go out of your way for. If Taggart stores his songs on my HD as a back up it'll be just that. I can't access them without "authorizing" myself. On the other hand, the music is much cheaper (although for lower quality) and tres handy. They don't have any Yo Lo Tengo or Kronos Quartet, but it is hard for me to put together the time and remembrance to go to the music store. I'm digging it.

 Nada Chavez,,,,,, been a busy day at the blog. uuughhhhhhh. That dude is scaring me.

 i've been thinking a lot about chess lately. and because of that, i also started to think of that travelling chess set that i lost some time ago. i think the last place that i remember having it was after a day of work at adtech, in taggarts old prelude. has anyone come across this? anyone? remember it taggart? i always thought that i might find it once i moved out of that apt., but it turned out that i wasn't even thinking of it when i did, so i never even thought to look for it. did you happen to ever come across it?

 iPod and iTunes Spokesmodel This is from the video released today. I think this is his "come hither" look...

 I'm a little bit not outta the woods yet. I can't even listen to Yoshimi on iTunes 4 without getting interrupted by phone calls.... Mark and I were discussing the various projects I'm working on for this week and in the future. This Week: E-Newsletter to Riders Update BP MS 150 Home Page Update MS Walk Splash Page Update MS 150 Video Ad Rider Survey 2nd Fundraising Statement Data, Error Fundraising Statement Add Fundraising Info to Team Tools Get PPUAP Application ready for RRC by Thursday RRC: Add turn off timer code Make photo albums Find missing rider numbers Near Term: RRC &amp; B2B: Add Admin Tools access Code Enewsletter builder application RRC &B2B: Migrate E-Donate to common code B2B: Improve communication of online tools Migrate email notifications to whatcounts.com Integrate PPUAP app with offline pledge entry system Make new portfolios for projects

 adolph: we should really make more time to go and hang out now that you're 'on vacation', so to speak. i mean, aside from that very short day we ended up at poppa burger, we hardly get out anymore. should we make some time to head out to rudyards for a beer after work? i'm on my bike, i can be there right before 5.

 yeah, adolph. like constantly. i mean, why do you think they hang out at town centers? or why they fly in circles after getting spooked? it's because they deep throat each other

 I wonder if pidgeons deep throat each other, eh?

 Anyone notice that switch got replaced by Music?

 oh the details are what make it so sweet... hopefully, musicians will never get so into making 'visuals' for their music. nice to see that you're back into the swing of things adolph. i hate it when the ride comes around and you start 'working'. you just weren't meant for working; you're meant for 'discovering.' if pigeons eat french fries, shouldn't you?

 iTunes has those coolio "flattened glossy" buttons like Safari instead of the old jellybellies or the recessed jellybellies: Also, notice the neat dot in the slider...

 I wonder how long it will take musicians to come up with specific iTunes visuals to go with their music? I'm taking the plunge: Quicktime 6.2 and iTunes. In case I have to restart, below is the current uptime stat: [Adolph-Trudeaus-Computer:~] adolph% time 0.120u 0.090s 3:17:32.47 0.0% 0+0k 85+4io 0pf+0w [Adolph-Trudeaus-Computer:~] adolph% uptime 2:58PM up 13 days, 5:34, 4 users, load averages: 1.28, 0.61, 0.36 [Adolph-Trudeaus-Computer:~] adolph% time 0.120u 0.100s 3:17:35.44 0.0% 0+0k 85+4io 0pf+0w [Adolph-Trudeaus-Computer:~] adolph%

 Hmm, looks good together...

 I have to go into a meeting now, but here it is: urlLink

 urlLink Mac Central Coverage: The new iPods are lighter and thinner than two CDs, Jobs explained. Scroll wheels have been moved atop the scroll wheel and the FireWire plug is on the bottom. Apple is also shipping the iPods with a dock. The dock also has line out for hooking iPods up to stereo systems. USB 2.0 has also been added for Windows users. He said that a problem with some music services are that "they're slow as molasses and craps out halfway through." You end up "working at under minimum wage" at this rate and you're stealing, Jobs said. But Apple knows how to overcome these problems.

 wow adolph you are just like Mac Rumors!!!!!!!!

 Ha!, urlLink Mac Rumors did the same thing I did a minute ago, post an image of the bars and tone of the stream...

 Inserted picture as said. J/K!!!! I love you and Baby Chavez and miss you both.

 urlLink Think Secret is very slow to load...

 urlLink Mac Rumors: 12:16pm: We can expect iTunes 4 and Quicktime 6.2 (for AAC support) today.

 taggart i'm going to teach my child to stomp on your toes whenever he sees you he woke up from a nightmare last night i think he was dreaming of you (insert picture of carol sticking her tongue out at taggart here) :-P

 urlLink Link to the Stream! urlLink Mac Rumors: 11:22am: More Confirmation of 10, 15 and 30GB iPod sizes.

 there's urlLink a link from drudge to the FT that says apple is offering a music service that will allow downloadable songs for $.99 apiece.

 It's already 8 in the morning but no word on what is boing released at the " urlLink Music to your Ears " announcement.... urlLink Mac OS Rumors urlLink Mac OS Rumors Page 2 urlLink Loop Rumors urlLink Mac Whispers urlLink Mac Minute urlLink Mac NN urlLink Macintouch

 these are some little b&w brain hemorages s/P! that I had last night. staring into this 40w light bulb as rendered me blind.

 If you have quicktime at work you can listen to this streamed urlLink Wilco Show that was recorded in Sydney. It sounds good and is hosted by the Official Wilco Website .

 Yes, I was rudley awakened by Killy this morning barging into my room then assaulting my person. Chavez kept trying to push me off my bed, I had to warn him at least three or four times that his behavior would lead to no good and the visual results of my exposure would scar him for life.

 HHHHHMMMMMMMM??????????????

 there's still a lot for me to work out with the lights. The picture below is tweeked. More than i like, but not so much that i'm ashamed of it. I need to work on my lighting technique a lot.

 yes, a most desperately needed weekend off. so anyway, the weekend starts off pretty hectic with a bus ride home and a quick ironing job on a clean shirt. then, running off to missouri city for my sister's confirmation; a ceremony that lasted two hours! I wasn't expecting that. I think the starch came out of my shirt, i was sitting there so long. After that (9 p.m.) we headed to the 'after ceremony' party at Corelli's, an italian restaurant in the burbs (although, i think there's one around here, i think.) Barbara, 15 yrs., had invited all her friends from school to her 'party' which ended up being about 12-15 high school freshmen. They sat at one big table laughing and having a good time for about two hours. They even got a free piece of cake by pretending it was Barbara's bday; i guess they don't check for id's (note to self: half-price cake night is now too expensive.) Carol, the baby and i sat with my mom and a couple of other parents who had shuttled the kids out there at a booth a suitable distance away. Funny, we had a pretty shitty dining experience ourselves. Here is a list: 1. The appetizer took way too long to get there. 2. Salad orders were all mixed up. ("I ordered a caeser, not a house salad...") 3. When my mother ordered a water, she got a sprite 4. The food, which is normally pretty timely, just took way too long. 5. They forgot to put the shrimp in my mom's fetuccini.(sp?) Seems pretty odd to me that i would have a shitty dining experience on friday night? anyone else have problems? Saturday morning carol and i had breakfast at empire. It was a beautiful saturday; hot. We walked by a couple of garage sales on the way home. Carol bought the baby a toy. I got on the road about 2: 30. I killed the time by talking to colin. We must have talked for a little over an hour of my ride; from Brenham to right outside Austin. I got to holly's right at 5. We immediately went for food and a margarita. Not wanting to fight Eyeore's b-day or the City-wide Garage sale, we stayed north and ate at Curra's. The margarita's were good - i got a buzz - but that's all i can say. Taggart showed up at holly's and took us to the ranch house where carl's party was. Unfortunately, it was winding down. It did, however, reconvene at carl's pad. We drank beer and wandered around his house, landing, eventually, in front of his 'digital imaging center'. Truly amazing what one can do with unlimited funds. Really. A whole slew of really kick ass toys. Aside from that: boring. A beautiful house full of cool toys and 'fucked-up' (in that voice>) frat boys: all there for his viewing pleasure. We took Holly home and i slept on tag's green couch. I'm sure taggart loved his 7:30 wake up call. I'll let him describe it. Two cups of coffee later and a visit from todd, i was back on the road to houston at about 9:15. I had forgone breakfast. I was anxious to get back home. As innocuous as the weekend sounds, it was good for me; i got in a lot of thinking time - good thinking. and so i got home at 11:30 and made these.

 Looks like we're taking the weekend off, eh? Hello out there? Taggart, Liz and I got together for drinks at Ernie's Friday, margaritas and gin and tonic and Amber dropped in later fresh out of class and meetings and we soaked in the sun and shade on the second story deck of the place drinking and chatting. Moved on to a despirately terrible dinner at Reggae Cafe "We'd like to start with a couple orders of Coco Bread..." "Sorry, but we're all out of that." "Okay, then maybe a small, no, large order of fried plantains..." "We don't have those either, the plantains, their all too green; they're making patties though..." No jerk chicken either and after ordering the goat I am amazed by the smoky taste of the rice. "Man, it tastes like I just took a bong-hit, I say, and after a couple more bites Taggart says it tastes like cigarettes and then it all tastes like ashes to me and we dither about leaving and how we should not pay for this stuff which had rapidly turned inedible. This was after the thoughts of just leaving since they didn't seem to have any of the stuff for which you go to Reggae Cafe. Liz talks to the waitress and after some confusion we leave for the Angelika to see The Pianist, which was a wonderful film.

 well, it seems that everyone has taken a well deserved friday off.

 urlLink Jargon or just precision, looks like Liz is linking away now. We all started somewhere and I know I started by just diving in, accepting mysterious acronyms, and along the way I found urlLink useful sources and encouragement, like urlLink "HTML is easy as hell." I think that sometimes people are overly willing to cultivate ignorance by politely avoiding topics or language that isn't understood by the other party, but if someone really wants to know about something and asks about it, then you can't talk down to someone. urlLink SARS Fashion Sweeps Asia!

 PROTECT YOU KITTYS FROM SARS!!!!!! !!!!!!!KITTY FACE MASKS ONLY $19.95!!!!!!!!

 Yes functional but no FUN. Love T P.S. Thank You and I knew you could do it.

 Ha! I did it! All that faith from Adolph. So killy, us wives are functional without our husbands.

 urlLink priceless art.

 urlLink This text is a link to a page on this Web site. urlLink This text is a link to a page on the World Wide Web. OK, did I do it right?

 Adolph, killy's right, thanks for giving me credit for understanding computer language, but I didn't undersand any of that. Is it really that complicated? I mean, if killy can do all that business from his work comp. can't I? So never mind for now, Taggart just steals the mouse and does it instead of teaching me anyways. Thanks again!....So barbecue on May 11? Anyone?

 way to alienate the girls, adolph! no wonder amber won't read the blog... liz, i think what adolph meant to say was, ask your husband.

 Image posting requirements: Image of appropriate size or image creation software Internet connection HyperText Transport Protocol (HTTP) addressable server space Software to move image to HTTP addressable server urlLink Some knowledge of HyperText Markup Language (HTML) to write image link Link creation requirements: Knowledge of Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of resource to be linked to Knowledge of HTML to write a hyperlink, aka link, aka shortcut

 ok, that's cool killy, how did you put that picture up there? And where did you go to get that live shot of MDA? How do you make links? had enough questions?

 adolph: carol's mom is coming to the valley for the very specific purpose of being picked up and brought to houston. she is going to stay with maru for a week and then fly to chicago so she can visit the family over there. i don't know how long she will be staying. even ONE trip to the valley is a long time to spend in a car with three people and a baby. you're right. it's gonna suck. liz: sorry for the 'not so appropriate for work' link. but be careful! this is a boy-blog full of 'boy-love' (amber's words). if you roll over a link without touching it, the address is displayed on the bottom of the ie window. that way you won't be surprised the next time you click on a mysterious link. with adolph talking about amber and 'boy-love' and his being able to 'talk' freely on the blog, i just had to do something . i really hope adolph checked that out by the way. i know he is gonna love it. it's cloudy outside today.

 Hey Hey!!! Girl here...actually, I think you guys are funny,( except when you go into all that computer stuff) and I read this occasionally. So I clicked on the "offend" link...AT WORK...and didn't give myself, or Baylor IT, the chance to be offended. You need to warn us! Well, my last day is next Friday anyway WOOHOO! No work for a month. Is anyone up for a barbecue in our new back yard on May 7 for Diana's going away party? Todd: is this a good weekend? I really want to do something, but I should really ask yu guys first. Speaking of getting Amber in on this, what about Diana? That way we could hear from her in Portland. Cool. Everyone: how do you paste little pictures on the blog? And how do you create links?

 So Killy, I'm trying to comprehend this: Carol's mom may be coming to the valley for the weekend . If she does, you are going to drag her up to Houston? It's like 6 hours min each way right? Since you are driving down then driving back to pick her up and then again to bring her back, that would be like 24 hours of the weekend in the car, twelve of which would actually be spent with her (and Carol and the baby, all in the car)? Wow, that's pretty ambitious.

 Terminator Whichever is coming. I checked out the urlLink trailer today and thought, hmmm, that looks like an old .30 cal, a WWII weapon. How is it that he can fire this without using the trigger? (See the red circle below...)

 it's always been 'i might'. my whole life is 'i might' now , taggart. actually, carol's mom may or may not be coming to the valley this weekend. if she is, then we have to go and pick her up and bring her to houston for a visit. she will be staying with maru (thankfully.) i don't think she's gonna show up (i'll find out today) but if she does, well, i can't go. retirement party, eh? well, isn't my face red. that would have been terrible if i had shown up in a bday party hat! adolph: your subtle hint at driving together to san marcos is so sweet! but i think i'll prolly drive up there alone. i want to stop in on holly and she what she's up to these days. supposedly, she'll be in town this weekend. if anything changes i'll let you know. i know how much you like taking long road trips with me.

 Hey Killy when did "I'm Coming" become "I MIGHT" oh and if you do come you can stay @ me casa and Adolph too. and before you start wishing him a happy birthday......which was March 25th this is sort of a retirement party.

 I've been needing to make a San M drive.

 done. i guess i should prolly update the page entirely shouldn't i? maybe later. everyone: i might be coming into san marcos/austin this weekend to go to Carl Deal's birthday bash. is anyone else going? i know that taggart prolly is. todd: what are your plans for the weekend?

 Hey Man dont you think it is time to update this. Why dont you try "Lovely" wife and "New" baby.

 rest assured, i will do all i can to keep from urlLink offending amber.

 Amber sensed that there was a lot of "boy love" (her term) happening and didn't want to intrude. She promised me that she wouldn't read it so I would feel free to write whatever came to mind. On the other hand, we just aren't being as raunchy as we used to be in email (this is not an admission of my own), so maybe we should invite her in.

 you know, it's been awhile since the girls have sounded off on this blog. where is everyone? speaking of girls, should we invite amber in on this thing? i know she has read it a couple of times, but i don't think she's in on it.

 Is everyone SURE Ryan sells cars????

 shoes are anything but boring, mr serpa. they can actually be quite fun. and that american idol, come on! don't they use the '24-esque split screen' during performances so you can see that english dolt, simon, cringe at the sound of someone's voice?

 i did see the english site, but it was not nearly as amusing as the slightly muddled results produced by babelfish. besides, how can you avoid a site with such a clear allusion to douglas adams' masterful 'hitchhiker's guide..' series? due to the strenuous objections to it, from this point on, i shall no longer be clever. prepare yourself for dullardry, idle chat about shoes, and the hot dirt behind american idol.

 $#%$#%$ YOU TODD!!!!! CLEVER RED-HEADED LITTLE #(*#&#*& !!!!!!!!

 adolph is right. i think todd is just trying too hard to be clever.

 You know, Todd, if you weren't trying to be so clever with Babelfish's Ingerish, then you might have seen the link to the urlLink English portion of the website. Thanks for the link! I can't wait for the rotating turret version to come out.

 also: urlLink here is something really funny. mainly for todd.

 the micro tanks guys have a video urlLink :: here :: in case you don't read japanese you want to see the first movie. it demonstrates the new rotating turret soon to be available. you can view the babelfish version urlLink :: here :: pretty funny.

 todd: we're all adults here. except for that one guy that likes to play with little cars.

 * redhead, tight curls.... her name is kristy martin. she gives great back rubs. ...i cant help it, i've got a thing for cafe' waitresses. d. *

 todd: no, it's been awhile since i've seen anything colin has done. nice movie too. double effects are nice: sepia and the 'old film'. really pretty. and diana as cinematographer - what a combo. also, how can we access the folders that you have (i think) set up for us at chairjockey? i never got any connect info for that. everyone: i don't remember a redhead with tight curls.

 this is pablo writing from munich. i have been here a week now and have fallen in love with this citys parks and beergardens, nice things about munich: liter-sized mugs of beer really big pretzels city wide bike-path network pickup soccer every day, in every park, at all hours oompa music tiny pigeon population

 yay taggart! i remember when i turned 27....wait a second, no i don't. have fun at threadgills, eat a whole mess o' livers. can anyone else access the template for this site? i have tried in vain a few times and am not sure what has happened. beginning the last phase of the move today, a fact made even more interesting when one considers that the room that i am moving into is still a functioning darkroom, sink and all.

 happy birthday taggart! so what are you plans today?

 Just giving a shout out...Tomorrow, 5/30, is Taggart's 27th birthday. His mom is coming into town to take us all out to Threadgill's to eat fried chicken livers. Yumm. This one's for the ladies who want to post recipes here! I made pan fried chicken for the first time this week. And mashed potatoes to go with it. Taggart put in a few cloves of garlic (not heads, Adolph) and made them pretty good. Did you know that if you have enough garlic in your system it works as mosquito repellant? Lile Bio-Diesel, but Bio-Off. Let Adolph put his "mosquito repelling" Thai salad on here. I'd love to have that again! So the boys scarffed it up and the whole house smelled like fried chicken. We even opened up the windows and turned off the AC for "atmosphere" of old south. I used the Betty Crocker recipe. "Pour in lots of grease and fry." More recipes later.

 One of the difficulties of online content management tools is that their primary content input is the web form. Blogger has this problem too. The web form is the lowest common denominator of any text editor, notwithstanding the rise of Flash and Com object WYSIWYG in browser text editors and the inclusion of an in-form spell checker in Safari and other browsers. On the other hand, with a profusion of excellent tools and a wide-open file system for content management I wind up with a home directory of 30 gigs! This does contain my mp3 collection of some 10 gigs or so and I do a lot of work stuff on this computer, but is still pretty ridiculous.

 Todd, I was reading urlLink Anil Dash's Daily Links and found an urlLink interesting designer for hire biz-model . You know I don't know my own phone number; I'm waay to stupid to remember any numbers. However, I do keep a urlLink vCard on file at chairjockey. You can download it into your Mac OS X address book and have my full details at your disposal. It even works great in windows. And I've added it to the sidebar of the blog. If you d/led it and it didn't have cell digits, then d/l it again, it does now.

 Interesting looking web-CMS : urlLink Textpattern Looks too overly web-oriented but has some interesting editing paradigms.

 adolph, new cell digits?

 That image is so classic: the bevel fade, the blue-tone, the awkward pose of the swordfish, it just makes me think of my great-grandfather ( urlLink Adolph A Flores , although I knew his birth year as 1900) and the urlLink Grand Tarpon Rodeo . This year is the 82nd Grand Tarpon Rodeo, which means it started when my great-grandfather was about 21 or so.

 deep sea fishing is on a saturday, june 21st. there's no need to take friday off, unless you need an extra day to have amber slather sunblock on your body. we should prolly get our money together to give to charlie. i'll call him this evening and find out all the gory details. there may even be another open spot...

 Hey Killy, by my calendar, Deep Sea Fishing is three weeks out. Is this on? Do I need to ask off that Friday? It doesn't fall on my every-other-Friday-off schedule.

 HP Meeting: 6/2 Soft Credit handling Meeting: 6/2 Second Awards Party Email: 6/4 Data Pow-Wow 5/28 Maps Review Team13 Meeting Notes Online Database Documentation Email Issue: Rafte Enewsletter Builder WhatCounts Integration Accounting & Information Systems Review Synchronize DB Tables Photo Albums Common Code: RRC & B2B Update Gift Certificate Update Reg Form

 the last thing i would want to see if oil pouring out of your pores, adolph. but i would like to see oil pouring out of my pores. where is this museum again? you told me a couple of nights ago, but i forgot. i was hoping to get in a game of chess this evening, but my mother has need for me in sugarland tonight. i'll be heading out that way after work. are you going to be around this weekend, by the way? is anyone going to be aroudn this weekend?

 urlLink "They say the company could be even stronger than it is if it could carry out a clear, decisive information technology strategy. PepsiCo does not consistently share best practices, such as Frito-Lay's groundbreaking mobile computing ideas, among business units. The company struggles to integrate information systems across divisions, which largely operate as separate entities." Sounds like anywhere, really. Sounds like the place I work for. In some ways Pepis may be playing it smart, even if in error, to "let a thousand flowers bloom," as long as they let bad ideas fail fast instead of subsidizing them.

 Yesterday, I went with Amber and some of her friends to the Museum of Medical Science. Amber's friend Sarah's boyfriend Brian (in attendance) is a curator there, and his recent project has been putting in this exhibit about forensic science in solving crimes. I thought of this today because of one of the really neat things they have in the exhibit: a televisual microscope. You can put something under it and zoom waay in and focus. You can put all manner of objects in front of the lense, like you hand, where you can watch the oil slowly well from the pores of your fingers. Brian also sez you can hook it up to a video recorder and make tapes of what you put under there. I think you could do really cool things with this.

 " urlLink Over the weekend, Bailey and his staff reviewed the tapes and found that everything was in order except for a gap from 12:47 PM to 6 PM on May 12th. " Wow, just like Watergate. I wonder what Mark the Bruce thinks about this stuff?

 Taggart, Todd, don't forget to not upgrade to iTunes 4.0.1 as urlLink it breaks sharing outside of your subnet (i.e. all the way to AusTex). I was thinking this afternoon that I would kind of like a mashup between the Safari and iTunes, or at least an iTunes control on my Safari toolbar. maybe iTunes is already this magical product as it seems to have a web browser built in to surf the music store, and that browser engine is undoubtably Safari. I wonder how you could get iTunes to point to something outside of the iTunes Music Store....

 I had a new thought yesterday or the day before, I think it was the day before yesterday. It has to do with the problem of users hitting submit more than once. Basically, your web browser is an application that is "stateless." It doesn't maintain some sort of connection between the browser and the server at all times (this statement is a simplification). So, if you click submit on a web page link or on a form and the web server at the other end doesn't respond, then you might click again. Since you just clicked "post &amp; publish" on your blog twice before you got a return, you get two identical entries. The receiving server understood the two posts as two separate requests and responded appropriately. In this context you might think this is a bug, however in reality it is a feature. If the web wasn't set up this way, you would have all sorts of problems establishing connections and so forth before you could read something as simple as this blog. Since the link of connections that brought this text from the Blogger servers to you is tenuous from the get go, you really don't want a statefull connection. There are a number of techniques to maintain a pseudo-statefull link between the browser and server, such as cookies, sessions, javascript and the like. These are great, but they aren't very simple. You may have clicked submit a couple of times in Blogger and found out that even though Blogger remembers you when you return, it will still let you make a double entry. So in thinking of a simple solution for this problem I thought up this: Form contains a hidden field with a random string based on time as the value. On submit, the receiving web server looks for the random string (and some other piece of form information in the same record) in the database table(s) the data is going into. If the string is not present, then the server inserts the record and returns the response. If the string and other piece is present, the server just looks up the record and returns the response as if nothing happened. I don't know if this is a new thing, and I have been using a variation on it for ms150.org e-commerce, but it is a new thought for me. Using this method, the user never knows if they hit submit once, twice, thrice (chicken soup with rice), and they don't need to know. They just need the return response to know their information was submitted. -art

 Sure Adolph.....We believe You.

 I'm doing it all differently this time. I'm not going to get hooked. Just a game now and then. Just going to play the demo. Not going to have visions of shrapnel and an aiming point in front of my eyes when I close them. Gameplay on the PBG4 867 is very nice at 10 by 7, even if the screenshot looks crappy.

 Hey Todd, It was horrible to see you. If you come to this part of the counrty ever again.......don't call me. I'm not home.

 Welcome Home if you need help with anything just call.

 back home. the burger family, hillsboro, Or. dead bugs. bigger, deader bugs. sinclair not dead. busy day at work, still going on. pictures fo you.

 the peaches pic //// well my hands were full of peaches so it was just a quick pic.... liz took the picture of the pie.

 i think it's called: out of focus. not to say there's anything wrong with that. out of focus is out of this world! baked a pie at camp? wow. are those peaches sitting in the bottom flap of someones t-shirt? i thought immediately of juan diego, who picked the roses as instructed by the virgin and when they tumbled from his sash, an image of the holy mother was left. maybe that's why the pie looks so fuzzy adolph; it's just an image left on liz/tag's t-shirt.

 One of the things I like about our blog is that it is rather introspective. There aren't too many links, there isn't too much pointing at websites, there aren't cross links to other blogs, its just a sampling of chatter, post-it boards of stuff between friends for all who care to see. Taggart, what is it when an image looks like it is on TV? The peaches don't look like you took a picture of them, but rather took a picture of a video of them. There is something about the flatness or the slight-off registration or something. Did you scan in some 1970's film stock with Carl's big drum scanner?

 Liz and I went to lake jackson on Sunday picked and picked vine ripe peaches, we returned to the camp in matagorda afterward and baked a pie. yummy!!!!!

 Friday night Mark, Kena (Mark's wife), Liz and I went to Speakeasy and sat on their rooftop patio.

 oh yeah Hillsborough is spelt like that here in Tejas.....and NPR called it a suburb so?

 hay TOD culd yu plez teech mi to speel?

 speaking of naturaller citizens, todd: so i guess this means that you're going to posting a whole lot more these next two years, huh? well, i'm glad that you guy's trip went off without any difficulty. i could only imagine what would befall me would i attempt such a trip. i hope all goes well with diana. also: don't forget to post diana's current mailing address and other pertinent contact information.

 Todd, always include a phone number with such invites! you tease. I have a car and am fairly savy at navigating the roadways here in town. Call me. 503-285-5546

 hey colin, is that bum the one who set up your site? he's pretty alright. if you want a better url than whiz.whatever you can use urlLink chairjockey.com right now there is just the silly butterflash, and storage for blog graphics. when i get back, i can pretty up your code a bit, if you like...you know, center stuff, make pop-ups for the images so people can click through a few at a time, etc. what are you doing tomorrow (sunday), anyway? we're just down the road and it would be a shame not to get some face time. diana is all settled in; we got her some daisies to pretty up the place, and ran various and sundry errands, and i think she is sick of me, so i am free to be 'off the leash' tomorrow. hillsboro (correct spelling) is a bit removed from portland to really be called a suburb (also correct spelling), but it is connected by rail to rainytown. for the princely sum of $1.55 (and an hour or so of your day) you can be shuttled directly to the heart of pLand in relative comfort. unless you are sitting next to one of the pacific northwest's smellier...i mean 'naturaller' citizens. especially the portly ones.

 Adolph, Let me know, if and when, you get some books written, if you need some pictures drawn. I think there is a bum that frequents my neighborhood that can draw pretty well.

 speaking of Hillsborough, Or. I was listening to Npr this morning about 8:20 am and they mentioned Hillsborough (a suberb of Portland) as one of the first schools letting out for the summer because of budget cuts in Oregon.

 LET'S HERE IT FOR TODD'S UNDERWEAR!!!!!!

 hey everybody. well, we made it. damn we live in a big country. we have travelled from Deepinthehearta, Tx to hillsborough, Or. passing through all manner of localities, inlcuding overnight stays in laramie wy, twin falls, id, and hood river or. now we are in diana's cozy little pad, getting ready to go see the matrix recycled. rebooted, rebuffed, redoubled, remixed, rewired.... i'm back in tx on monday, all alone in my dianaless apartment. at least i can spend more time in just my underwear.

 Since this is becoming a t-shirt image blog and all, I figured we needed a logo t-shirt.

 The urlLink seven day forcast for baltimore and the bay area is so bad that our shoot there has been postponed till next month.

 Has anyone heard from Dave ? Is he still alive? I was dreaming about moving to San Marcos soon and if he is dead I would like to move into the slacker incubator and focus on writing children's books full time.

 Killy, I'm definitively getting out of the ophish on time today. We close at 4. Are you going to be out of stuff at 4:30? Do you think we can catch the Edwards showings at 5:00, 5:30 or 6:00?

 Killy, You should make a t-shirt...

 Carolina, Tickets to chicago are $79 from houston. Thought you might be interested. Liz

 urlLink Homeland Color Coding a Joke I've been kind of wondering about this, but after I read this timeline, I'm thinking that the color coding stuff is counter productive since it kind of announces when the Homeland Security guard is down. On the other hand, they could change the code to Green-Low and snare all the terrorists as they come running up with all their bombs, box-cutters, material witnesses, crop dusters, etc.

 paul: i installed the driver for the epson 2200 printer. i've got one on my desk at work and carl deal has one at his house. i figured that if you (or i) needed have prints done, this would be the way to do it. i was considering installing a driver for the hp designjet 5500 ps, but i don't know if i have the disk for a mac install.

 Hey man!

 where the hell is everybody?

 but taggart, i don't own a 'like a virgin tshirt'. seriously, though. thanks for holding on to it. i hadn't missed it, but i would have eventually.

 going through the laundry the other day I discovered you left your "Like a Virgin" shirt here at the pad. I did not know if this was left as urban camoflage since I now live in da barrio or was an accident.?? either way it is here and safe.

 well, i was about to rename the blog, "adolph&killytalktoeachotherinthemostinefficientway.blogspot.com". nice to see a post from paul. paul: yeah, i got your mail. just this morning. i've had to block some people out of my email life cause they just don't understand that they don't have to forward everything they think is funny/interesting/thought provoking/inspirational to you. Hey! once the cops have determined that you are not a terrorist, ask if one of them can take your picture while the other has you cuffed on the ground! that would be a funny picture...make sure you have a beard. i can't wait for colin to get here! i am so excited to see him, laura, and the kids. ha! the kids ! so then, we'll bbq at the park? is sewall park for alumni too? wouldn't we be exiled to that 'other side' of sewall park where it's normally swollen with families? eewww...

 COOLIO, just back from shooting a house out in cimmaron hills. Taking a day hiatus from finishing the shoot so marky mark can go see the dixie chicks tonight. We will go back thursday and wrap it up friday morning. saturday we are flying to Baltimore and spending the week in Chesepeak .......Killy do you think you could post the Gholson's digits. I am going to try to hook up wwith them I am there.

 Killy I think I got the email out to you; I was kind of having problems with my yahoo account recently because a relative of mine kept sending 2 megabyte attachments, which, of course, clobbered my inbox and paralyzed my mail service.... if you dont get any maily maily ask adolph for the passwordy stuff cause I am pretty sure i sent him the info... anyhow I am in Strasbourg right now; as the name suggests this is a franco-german type of french city; it is totally different from Marseilles; not only in terms of how much beer you get for 2 euros, but also in the availability of brautwurst and brautwurst related products that are available; the people here mostly speak german, which is kind of creepy for me because I have seen too many world 2 movies and stuff; also , it is more fun to light brown here than in the south of France; I was only in town this morning for a half an hour before I was stopped by some french police officers asking for identification... I have also been talking with the colin: We are hoping that we can get a bbq thing on in San Marcos while he is here....wouldnt it be great to hacky sack, drink beer, eat some kind of red meat and swim a little?

 i AM funny aren't I? so lets us know when you buy the cd so we can all rip it. so where are you going to watch the seaon finale of 24? i'm making hot sausage spaghetti tonight...wanna head to the studio after the show so we can pick up your card reader.

 Ha, ha. Very funny Killy. Everybody knows there ain't no indie rock on iTunes Music Store.

 wow. that sounds really nice adolph. can you buy it at the itunes store?

 urlLink I heard this band urlLink Sunday evening on KTRU . The song was "internationals" and it was pretty yummy stuff. Has anyone else heard of them? Hmmm, it looks like urlLink their tour consists entirely of Pacific Northwest venues. urlLink Ever Onward IBM lyrics showed up as one of the search results for urlLink serene band internationals . 11:56 PM- evolution control commitee / no time for yes was fun to listen to too.

 oh yeah! another thing i forgot to mention was that todd and diana , as of yesterday, were in Laramie, Wyoming. They've made pretty good time after having to drive to Tulsa and Amarillo first to say goodbye to family. They've been staying at Holiday Inn's all along the way, are seem to be pretty pleased with them. Todd has not , however, been pleased with the snow that is still on the ground in certain parts of Wyoming. Last night, he had to smoke his cigarette in the cold. He was not happy, but he called me anyway. What a friend. It was near thirty degrees that night, but like any good Texan, he wore his shorts anyway because, Damnit, it's supposed to be warm! i wonder where Todd will be watching the season finale for urlLink 24 this evening?

 um, yeah. i'll get your card reader to you this evening adolph. work is tumbling along today, and i with it. what were you doing at miller theater? and on the sides of it, no less? oh gosh...never mind... 1.5 million buckaroos? wow, adolph. you really DO work! paul: i still haven't gotten a password from you.

 Hmmm, urlLink PS2's are going to get a price cut to under 200 bucks. Maybe this summer is a good time to start logging in some GTA time. Also, has anybody seen Dave? I ran into these two odd squares on either side of the Miller theater. They look like set pieces from that Kengo or whatever Japanese swordfighting game that is. As soon as I get my card reader back and can upload images from my camera I'll post pics. In the meantime imagine a square with a pebble-gravel ground, with light-skinned well-grown saplings planted in a grid; the saplings have large leaves like maple trees and lamps in the branches provide gentle leaf diffused light.

 Taggart, you forgot to put in your timeline the BP MS 150 with 35,000 e-commerce transactions for $1.8 mill in revenue that Adolph was dealing with.

 Pablo!

 My Dad's Computer Disaster: Yeah, you know, I still have my parent's Christmas check somewhere on my desk, and now I have another in reimbursement (I love Safari's in-browser spell check) for the drive and so forth. Since my little credit union makes putting a check into it such a hassle, I should probably just cut up the checks and mail him a new computer. Or no, that wouldn't make sense would it? I would have to put the checks into the bank to defray part of the cost of a new computer. I don't want to put him into an eMac anyway. He has a pretty nice 17 in monitor I got for him a Christmas or so ago. I'd like to find him an older G4. Maybe a Sawtooth like Todd's or something. Since he will have an eMac from school over the summer, he'll be able to wait until the urlLink 970's come out and G4's get cheap.

 Fellas: this is pablo writing your from Marseille. After four months in the too prettily quiet town of Hyeres, it is great to be here, lost among the blur and noise of this huge citie's tight streets. A few thoughts: Checkout the beginning of urlLink colin's website The CONVERT link is the only one functional as of it. The images, as usual, are fucking awesome. It is also great to see that colin is getting internety. Will he be posting about RAM upgrades next? Killy, Adolph: Thanks for getting my computer back in shape. Killy check email for the WORD The Marseille fire department has the coolest helmets. They are shiny and silver like a cavaliers. I am heading to Munich to visit a friend of mine from Poland. Anyone remember the noxyema girl? Anyhow, if anyone knows Munich or the environs and has some advice, etc, on what to see/do let me know!

 paul: please post (or email to me) the password for your computer. it's fixed. it's got a new logic board and starts up just fine. i would like to use it this weekend for a shoot, but i need the password. thanks a lot.

 you know, adolph, i'm all for using things till you absolutely can't use them anymore, but for the same amount you'll spend on gas, time, and possibly shipping, you could purchase your dad an emac and end these tech trips for at least a year. sorry the disks didn't work out.

 My Dad's Computer Disaster: Well, it wasn't the disk. The disks I brought up didn't work at all. Fortunately, I had made a copy (probably with a PC at work) a while back that did work (mostly). My best guess at this point is that it is power supply. I brought the old G3 upgraded urlLink Powermac 8500 back to my labs in Houston for testing. He is currently set up with his old urlLink 6100. It is painfully slow (not too painfully tho), but he is able to get his grades off and read and write email with it. It also has a brand new 18 gig scsi drive that was supposed to go into the 8500. I may get my little sister's G3 upgrade card, VGA adapter and RAM from her 6100 and send that up to Shreveport. Unfortunately that won't solve the problem of no USB port, which means no digital pics and no USB printer for Dad. If anyone knows of an old-style serial to USB converter, I would appreciate a reference. Everything I see converts USB to serial for attaching old peripherals to new computers, not old computers to new peripherals.

 so this morning i woke up with such a full head of mucus that i couldn't get out of the bed. it was incapacitating. so i called in and stayed home. i just got back from kroger where i bought a box of over-the-counter claritin. i guess if it works (i just took it with a glass of water) i have allergies that i never knew i had. bummer.... but on a lighter note...taggart was right! carol and i managed to squeeze in a second viewing of the matrix yesterday afternoon, and it was totally super cool. we made it to the 2:30 showing and got back home around 5. the theater was, expectedly, packed. adolph: so, did that/those disk(s) work for you? were you able to work on your dad's box?

 Killy, I wasn't blogging from the cell phone, my computer was using the cell phone as a modem to connect to the Internet. Then I used Safari to connect and write into the blog.

 For Colin: These are from a photo walk Killy and I took a while back. I refound them while showing pics to the Shreveport kinfolks. Another Enron indictment. Do Spanish speakers not skate? I know this isn't true as Le&oacute;n was chock full of skate kids; I noticed them on my way back from Guanajuato a few years ago.

 that's totally cool adolph, but i wonder: how long did it take you to actually 'post' that message? are you as good as the japanese are at text messaging? i assumed that the matrix would be much better the second time. i caught myself looking too hard for cgi stuff and not enough time actually enjoying the flick. that isn't to say that i didn't enjoy it the first time. i was shaking in my seat, it was so cool. i totally loved it so much that i sucked down my icee too fast. i hardly even tasted it. carol had a mustard soaked hot dog right next to me that i didn't even want to turn my head from the screen to take a bite of (i know i shouldn't end my sentences with prepositions.) carol and i ended up seeing the 11:30 show on friday night. we waited until the baby was fast asleep, and then snuck out of the house. rafa kept an ear out for the baby. carol bought the tickets and i parked the car. the theater was toally packed, but luckily everyone was almost reverently quiet. one person yelled out, "...yes!..." at the very beginning, but that was the only shout out during the whole movie. there was an audible gasp during the 'smiths' fight scene at certain parts, and a couple of chuckles when the annoying little kid in zion handed neo the 'spoon'. it was pretty damn cool. saturday had to be the laziest day ever. we didn't want to do anything. carol's allergies are just killing her and i woke up with a head full of mucus myself. i've never had allergies, but i'm beginning to wonder if: A) i am developing allergies or B) the air in houston is getting much worse. i've had this itch in the back of my throat and a stuffed up head for over a week now. dunno why. carol mentioned something about giant fires in south america... we ended up at my mom's in sugarland and just lazed around the house. we put adolfo iv in a small plastic pool out in the front yard then we just sat around and smiled a lot. then we came home and watched lord of the rings on the tele. i went out for a frappucino, carol sat on the couch with a benadryl. eventually, she fell asleep. and now it's sunday. i'm poised to wash the car, balance the checkbook, pay bills, get to the studio, pack up the defective stand, do laundry, and burn some cd's so i salvage some sorely needed hd space for movies. i would love to squeeze in a second matrix viewing, but i don't know if i'll have the time.

 Hey, I'm in Shreveport, posting this from my cell phone! The computer is connected wirelessly via Bluetooth to the cell phone, the cell phone dials into my Dad's ISP, and voila!, a convenient (if 9600 slow) connection. Pretty cool, huh?

 Wow looks like everyone took the whole weekend off from the blog. Well just so you guys know that the matrix reloaded is better the second time. and for those of you who actually bought the Wilco Yankee Hotel Foxtrot album. Wilco released yankee in australia with a bonus disk of six songs. For those of us who dont live down under they posted the new songs on a site @ wilcoworld to get to the ftp site you have to insert your original disk click on the enhanced disk then click on the link to their webpage from there. it will tell you where to go from their and you will need the cd insert from the album. umm I am now off to the lake. enjoy.

 hey killy I dont know if you had heard or not but Dennis got fired from adtech. weird

 Poor Guy.......

 Todd, remember when I was going off on how www content managment tools could revolutionize the publishing process of a news organization, that the print version would act as a periodic snapshot of the completed stories within the content management system? urlLink This is a pretty interesting paper about content management. urlLink And another about Knowledge Management in CMS systems.



 urlLink Very Funny

 urlLink Cool Photoblog

 Adolph and Amber's vCards: urlLink Adolph urlLink Amber



 ahem. Adolph, i believe you meant the problem with placing SuperExtraWide images in www context is that it destroys your aggresivley controlled typography. who the hell posts 735 pixel wide images anyway?

 sent it to your email. speaking of vcards I was seriously going to post asking for a vcard for amber right before I read your message.

 Taggart, Do you have an updated vcard?

 One of the problems with aggressive typographical controls within a WWW context is that the occasional wide image blows everything out of the water. No swimming pun intended....

 Liz and I also enjoyed our day at barton springs

 New version of the Three Stooges, or Adolph and Neo starring in Hitchhiker's Guide? You decide: BTW, Killy, you look so sharp in that robe!



 oooh i wish i could put a picture of trinity flying through the air with my face on her and holding a set of keys HERE YOU GO KILLY!!! thanks adolph

 You know, it is the year 2003, shouldn't we just have a little web upload script that accepts an image via http:post and returns with an URL where the image was stored? Extra credit would be for one that (A) puts the image into a respective user's folder via a login (B) makes a library page with all the images that have been uploaded.



 todd: yes, i did notice it. very well done; but i also noticed that the angle that the shadow suggests the light is coming from, and the angle at which waldo (read: adolph) is standing would not throw a shadow from his arm. the result would be only a torso shadow. wouldn't it? boy, if i'm going to be so picky, i don't think i'm going to enjoy the matrix. ha!

 yes, but it looks even better if you make the shadow using a gradient selection. You can also map the shadow to a greyscale image in which tonal value is 'translated' into height/depth. for more info :: urlLink check this out.

 I'm wondering how long these 1 gig memory chips are going to take to come down in price and come to the US.

 Todd, I thought the Waldo was pretty sweet. How is he a new technique though? Couldn't you just make the image black, apply lots of gaussian blur, decrease the opacity and change the perspective?

 Six tablespoons is a lot of peanut butter. &lt; Gratuitous_Reference type="Matrix" &gt; Peanut Butter, lot's of Peanut Butter. &lt; /Gratuitous_Reference type="Matrix" &gt;

 nope, you have me confused with another. taggart went to see it last night and came home with a whole lot of nothing to say. i may have to make a few of those sammiches for the trip. we'll make great time if i'm wired up with sugar and caffiene. i'll forward all speeding tickets to you. and, i'm crushed that noone mentioned that badass mapped waldo shadow. sheeesh..guy learns a new techinique and no one notices....

 Hey Todd! I understand you went to the midnight showing of the Matrix Reloaded! So maybe this recipe is coming to you a little too late, or maybe it will help you through the day today! anyway, here it is Matrix Reloaded Peanut butter and Honey sandwiches!!! This is an ideal meal to get the adrenaline going for watching the movie or for afterwards. 2 slices 12 grain bread (it's got lots of nuts in it) 6 TBS Chunky peanut butter 1 TBS Natural Clover Honey (you could do 2 TBS if you want to be bold, but it's messy) 1 TBS Hershey's liquid chocolate 1 TBS Hershey's powdered chocolate 1 Coca Cola Toast the bread, spread 3 TBS of peanut butter on one slice and the remaining peanut butter on the other slice. Drizzle the honey all over one slice and the liquid chocolate all over the other slice. Sprinkle the powedered chocolate over both slices evenly. Put the two slices together sandwiching all the mushy stuff in between. Eat it! As you will see, it might be quite difficult to chew at first, but with the tried and true corrosive qualities of our favorite urlLink soft drink , take a swig of coke and enjoy the fabulous rush of energy surge through your being. Now, enjoy visiting another reality with your mind in this perfect state of readiness. Thanks!

 urlLink A film that never truly takes flight and always seems to be pulling it?s punches. Is that because nobody ever seems to get bruised in this film? That swords seem to do the same amount of damage in this film as they do in the typical TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLE cartoon? ... Instead we just get another martial arts battle with weapons that only seem to really affect solid inert objects. Though they've opened the door to Vampires, Werewolves, Zombies and what not? We're not getting them. We just get more kung fu. They fucking opened the door to things cooler than kung fu and all they give us are Wraiths for Trinity and Morpheus to deal with, meanwhile Mr. THE ONE is left to deal with a bunch of pansy ass Red Shirt Kung Fu fools that apparently might be Angels and Demons and things beyond imagining? Oh? but we?re not going there? God forbid one of them AKIRA?s out? or does anything beyond Wire Fu.

 urlLink Also in the first film, . . . Much like the masterful way PREDATOR was structured, where there were many badasses, until there was only THE BADASS. Also . . . the fights had a variety of fighting styles. Neo or Morpheus would begin in one style, then, when noticing it wasn?t working, they?d improvise and shift to a different martial arts form, with a certain debonair flair. Here, there?s none of that.

 that's a pretty shoddy review tag. can't you tell us anything?

 I am going to severly miss Flynnfest........ However this is the Bell 206B-3 JetRanger III, we currently have one of these reserved for our trip in Maryland. It's pretty standard, as in it's the one I see in most movies, and standard in that since you can mount almost anything it can carry on the nose, Like movie cameras, or guns, or cranes, cats....etc. Since I hated my first helicopter ride so much I am hoping that it was abnormal (the Sickness). The really cool part is that the doors come off and you can dangle your feet from it and spit on things below.

 FROM AMBER FREDA In case you didn't know, Anthony and I got hitched!! Actually, "hitched" is far too coarse a term for what was a truly beautiful ceremony ... We were married on the ocean at Fire Island at noon on June 22, 2003. Anthony's parents, Elaine and Tony Freda, were kind enough to open their beautiful home to us and our immediate families, for a very small, intimate ceremony. Anthony and I wrote our own vows -- I remember looking up while we were reading them to see the entire room in tears! It was a very sentimental moment and one we will always remember with a sense of joy mingled with awe at the seriousness of the journey on which we were about to embark, arm in arm... It meant so much to us both to see all of our families together, sharing in love, food, dance, drink, and conversation. Seeing my mom dancing with her father nearly made my cry -- or seeing my dad's wife Gaylene and my mom hugging each other as they bonded and became great friends over the weekend -- and seeing Gaylene and Christine click instantly -- and seeing how beautiful the Freda's house looked for the first time after Anthony's mom and dad worked so hard -- bringing dishes out every weekend on the ferry for months beforehand, the sight of Anthony and his father bicycling in the pouring rain on Saturday to buy flowers to make sure the deck would be full of blooming things the day of the ceremony -- and the beautiful bouquet of yellow roses and burgundy calla lilies that Christine put together for me, and all of the personal touches of warmth and beauty that Elaine added to the table (the lovely lace tablecloths, the fresh flowers, the sea shell favors), I could go on and on.... So many great memories -- We can't thank our families enough for pulling through for us and loving and supporting us so much!!!! Our parents are already getting excited about having a party / reunion in Texas next Spring -- a BBQ / Cajun crawfish extravaganza -- Texas style!! Should be fun! We are still working on putting together some photos / getting some enlargements / cropping a few of the best ones -- so as soon as we have those I will e-mail a few out for everyone to see.. Also in the news, Anthony is going to be on CNN tomorrow, July 1 at around 12:30 eastern time -- it's a live interview featuring him as a New York artist involved in the Public Art project that has local artists painting the outside of portable bathrooms -- it's a functional art project for tourists and locals alike and each one has a 24-hour guard assigned to it to make sure none of these pieces are vandalized and/or damaged in any way.. So, if you get a chance, tune in!! I taught another one of my Houseplants series of classes at the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens last weekend -- it was the best one yet and I even had students coming up to me afterward saying they wanted to take more classes with me in the future -- pretty cool stuff!! Also, it looks like I will also be teaching classes at the Bronx Botanic Gardens starting this fall... Hope ya'll are doin' great!! Have a wonderful summer!! We're going to take our honeymoon in Cancun in January -- can't wait!! Ciao, Amber Freda

 hey dolph , is urlLink this the power supply issue you were talking about?

 did you all get the email from amber? Her and good ol' anthony got the balls and chains attached firmly on each others ankles. About the ibook. I am looking at the 14" combo drive ibook. I do not think that I need a powerbook for what I do. Thats kinda like carpooling with a Hummer. although I have not really started to consider what preformance will be like when I am fully switched over to OS X and am running Illustrator 10 and Photoshop 7. At Home I am still on OS 9.2. The processor speed on my machine at home is around 126 or something, and seems to work great, so jumping up to the 700 mhz should handle all my needs. At the Local apple dealer, they have refurbished ones that have a full apple warranty. So who knows. I think I am going to rent one for when I come to Texas and give it a test drive. About the BAR-E-Q: If we could have it at the city park by Lion's Club would be best. There are shallow areas there where the kids can play. over and out.

 to all flynnFest participants :: our field operative, who we shall refer to as 'slim', is currently on the ground in san marcos, scouting locations and the logistics of grilling devices. we can expect a sitrep shortly. a good time WILL be had by all. in the event a good time is not had by someone our superiors will be notified, and the trouble maker will be dealt with. severely.

 AOE was a blast. Now that you guys are going to be rushing the monument from the get go, i'm excited to see how these games will turn out (especially when we stop playing in the Black Forest.)

 Sure enough, it was here in my office, lying at the foot of the printer (along with my 'long cord' for my powerbook.) I'll import the footage we took this weekend and burn it to dvd (if that's possible - can you burn 'data' to a dvd rather than a movie? if so, how much?)

 colin i can't wait and i am so excited about seeing you and laura and hannah and chellah it's a small smoker but we'll figure it out i can't wait for you to meet my little one though he's not so little anymore he laughs when he sees the sun in teletubbies he thinks it's him

 re: ibook questions I looked around a bit too, and asked and burdened local mac experts with lots of questions and I found that for purchasing new it is best to go through the apple site, or your local apple store. I ordered online and recieved my ibook promptly, with no hassle- for the same price offered at other retail sites/stores. Also, which ibook are you looking at? Are you considering not eating for a couple of months and maybe getting a g4 powerbook?

 Eleo left this morning for Mexico. Thank you to everone for welcoming and taking such good care of her these last six months!

 I am considering purchasing an ibook. When purchasing, where have ya'll found the best deals? I have been doing my research on cnet and at the apple web site. any advice will be appreciated.

 Hey y'all-by the way, that last post was from Taggart, not me! I have not taken on calling my husband a "lame ass!" Has anyone heard this cool band called The Postal Service? I think all you guys would love to hear it. Todd: I want to burn a copy and send it to Diana-could you give me her address? thanks-hope she had a happy birthday!

 Sorry Colin FLynn Taggart's Lame Ass will be pulling all nighters in B.F.E. Maryland Starting the 10th going through the 16th.

 Classic Serpa Carol: Hey! Why don't you put on some music? Todd: But I look bad in music!

 for the Bard-Be-Qued on the 12th do ya'll prefer sewer park or the part by the lions club tube rental. Are there any cook pits over in Sewell? Killy is the one you mentioned big enough to cokk food for all. I personally have no experience with grill size-to-party-goer ratio. Has Taggart sent in his "yes I'll be there." I don't know about ya'll but I am fuckin excited.

 802.11g for the ibook? Hey adolph read urlLink this article from maccentral and help me know if from suggest that I could possibly get an 802.11g card working on my ibook...

 Happy Friday!!!

 Hey all, I just finished my first comic book. It is more like a mini-comic. 7 pages. but it is my first multi-page narrative. I am gonna post stuff to the web site soon. I will let ya'll know when I do.

 well, it turns out that eleo wants paul to join her at a 'dancer' bbq if it doesn't rain, and carol is taking barbara to the galleria tonight, which means that the baby is most likely going to stay with me. the upside: barbara brought over her ps2 -- and it has two controllers . can you think of a game you want to rent?

 A longer game is unfortunate? I guess as with anything, you can play a short game or a long game and the winning for either kinda depends on your prediction of which kind it is. Do you think we can get Todd, Taggart or Dave in the game this evening?

 now that i think about it, weren't we trying to share out internet connection to eleo at the same time? i don't remember, but i think this was the case. i hope you are right, considering that you want to increase our population by 25. i think i liked having the population lower, it kept people (read:paul) from flattening you in one fell sweep with a legion of bombard canoneers. it kept the game at a much more even keel, i think. having to trade out resource gathering for an extensive army i think keeps thing more 'realistic', but unfortunately, results in a much longer game.

 Free Ibook Upgrade ? After reading urlLink this article Subject: Apple Replaced my iBook because of screen failures on macintouch.com I didn't feel so bad about my iBook crapping out on me a couple of months ago. Apparently many people have had the same problem, and the standard solution is to replace the logic-board, which is what apple has done for me once. All I need now is for the machine to crap out twice more and maybe I can get a new 900MHZ model! Also, it is ironic? that one of my arguments for buying a mac was apple's reputation for quality hardware!

 urlLink Killy , I think that network performance could have been hurt by keeping the airport on even though we were using computer to computer. Any latencies brought on by traffic on the same frequency might not hurt file transfer, but may affect AOE. Of course, this is just uninformed speculation.



 it seems that our illustrious president is urlLink filling our wallets once again.

 Adolph , I am glad to hear you admit that you are human. For a while your tendancy to calculate, and your staccato, acronym ridden speech led me to believe that you were maybe Vulcan; but then after you sacked my village and killed off all of my workers and burned my monastery and destroyed my mill and town-center, I decided that you were Romulan.

 todd : yes your trailer will be ready per your specifications; although, we did have difficulty in acquiring the flamingo pond and the ostrich feather bed. we were, however, able to secure a the large mummy sleeping bag you requested. we are confident that your weekend will be comfortable and relaxing. godspeed!

 i think i might like the old posting interface a little better than this one. anyway, well since the museum closes at 8:30 tonight, i don't see why a game of aoe at around 8:30 could hurt us. although, i am still really curious as to why a game which had only one computer in it would run so slow over airport. is there a way we could fix that this time around?

 For a lot of purposes, Flash is overkill, although it is a very nice gif animation authoring tool.

 FontBook is kind of cool.

 urlLink Todd , you're welcome to stay at my place.

 Been an interesting couple of days. Last night we went to blues on the green in Zilker Park and meet the spouses and fiances of Liz's fellow students. Luke is a designer for Acclaim, he builds and designs the enviroments for their games. They just finished a Lord of the Rings video game and are starting their new game based on the Comic Book "the red star". Some time next week I am going to their studio to check out what he is working on. Then there was Drew, he is an architect for Schlotzky's. He design 's their bluidings, like the one on S Lamar or the new one on Parmer and 35. Really cool guy. they are both in thier mid 30's. Unfortunatley I cannot make it to FlynnFest '03. I will be leaving for Cheesapeke on the 10th and will be gone till the 16th.

 wow. minimalist. groovy. so, i'm planning on leaving out of here for hTown around 3:00 friday afternoon. someone have some floor space for me? i also assume that a detailed shot list has been created, storyboards executed, and that my trailer, personal assistants, make-up artists and physical trainers are all in place.

 8:30PM, AOE, King of the Hill, Population 75, Resources High, One Computer, Looking for three humans to play, (i.e. two more besides me). RSVP to the blog.

 Well, its a new day and, evidently, a new blogger!

 i can only hope that my optima will work with that software. i don't see why it wouldn't.

 Does anyone have any idea how the date() function in php works? Basically, I use the timestamp feature of Mysql which gives me a string like this: 20030625095038 But when I use date(Y, $Mysql_timestamp) is thinks it is 2038!

 urlLink urlLink This plus urlLink iSight or a camcorder is pretty interesting.

 jeez, colin. i thought you were a family man. what were you doin' up so late? well, if you want to talk about a menu and perhaps even bringing our own grill, i can manage to bring up the 'lil smokey' my mom's got in her backyard. i don't think it'll be a problem to haul up there. i am particularly fond of bbq sausage, so i'll bring that definately. carol will, of course, bring a bowl of salsa for you guys to soak your heads in; and more than likely little killy will bring a ziplock bag full of cheerios. is there anything in particular you would like, colin? are you still eating meat anyway? can you afford meat? hahahahahahahahaha.

 no colin , boobs are the coolest thing you can put on a poster.

 Nice poster killy. your composition skills serve you well. And that spine is about the coolest thing that could be put on a poster.

 since it's the first poster i've done in months and since i'm proud of it i'm gonna post it. it got kudos from todd and paul (and adolph too); that's enough for me.

 urlLink urlLink Hydra has turned out (so far) to be a really neat tool!

 Saw this on urlLink Macintouch , a Powerbook 2400 built into a Suburban:

 Well done chaps. tickets are $150 and can be purchased directly from me, that way there is no service charge. If anyone has a line to Thomas, pass on the word. And tell Dave and Ryan as well. I will email them, but just in case. Should we try to set up some sort of menu in advance or do we just see what happens? knowing paul it would be a Pringles and some water. And what about an actuall grilling aparatus. I believe that there are some at the river, but I don't want to have to fight the locals for one. I'm a father not a fighter

 FlynnFest '03. just like old times, but everyone is a little slower, less coordinated, and broader about the beam. count me in.

 Killy , I'm not really that excited about the G5's, now that they've come out.

 i'm totally down for a july 12th party down at the river. colin, i can't wait. i'm so excited. more excited than adolph is about the new g5s.

 I have a three day weekend* during the July 12 FlynnFest in San Marcos! * Pending calendar verification...

 I am down for the July 12 FlynnFest in San Marcos. Where can I get tickets?

 hello to amber good morning all Colin July 12 sounds GRAND! Can't wait to see you. Kilito already has swimmer diapers and swim shorts! Was playing with little angel baby when we heard about urlLink this guy on NPR. I immediately thought my husband would like to hear about this. Kilito looked up at me and said, "Deh?" I told him, "Yes Baby, you're right, he would like to hear about this." So, upon my son's request, here is a urlLink cool story about some cool pictures.

 Update: After I actually read what it says on the right, it looks like Apple is playing a funny joke. It actually has the G4 info on the G5 page... As it turns out, the typography on the "premature speculation" was wrong, after all:

 I wonder if this was an option with the MDD Powermacs? I wonder how long it will be before there is an Xserve G5?

 Hello.......... hello.......... is anyone home?

 In an ideal world.....with bluetooth bluetooth phones and and audio ichat if you were in proximity to your computer you could audio ichat through your bluetooth phone.

 hey ya'll. does the 12th work for everyone?

 So I downloaded the urlLink new ichat av and installed it on my ibook, and killy's two macs. After a little urlLink fiddling with the firewall I was able to get the audio chat feature to work over rendezvous...it is really cool. I cannot wait to try it over long distance. # To get everything to work properly over rendezvous I had to either shut down the firewall, or open up port 5298. The installer will remind you of this when you first set up ichat av.

 in lieu of adolph's absence: THE NEW G5'S ARE SOOOOOO COOL LOOKIN'. THIS IS DEFINATELY SOMETHING TODD NEEDS.

 Hello to all, As some of you may know, my family and I will descend upon the lower states and arrive in San Antonio on the 9th of july (my cough cough birthday cough) I was hoping to round all available bodies into a bar-B-qued frenzy on the banks of the san marcos river on the saturday the12th or sunday the 13th. Please feel free to blog amongst yourselves to try and come up with a resonable day that fits most peoples schedules. end of line.

 This is really funny stuff my brother spammed me with. Normally he don't send the crap, but this one he rightly judged was worth it ----> The Top 100 Things I'd Do If I Ever Became An Evil Overlord 1. My Legions of Terror will have helmets with clear Plexiglas visors, not face concealing ones. 2. My ventilation ducts will be too small to crawl through. 3. My noble half-brother whose throne I usurped will be killed, not kept anonymously imprisoned in a forgotten cell in my dungeon. 4. Shooting is not too good for my enemies. 5. The artifact which is the source of my power will not be kept on the Mountain of Despair beyond the River of Fire guarded by the Dragon of Eternity. It will be in my safe-deposit box. The same applies to the object which is my one weakness. 6. I will not gloat over my enemies predicament before killing them. 7. When I've captured my adversary and he says, "Look, before you kill me, will you at least tell me what this is all about?" I'll say, "No." and shoot him. No, on second thought, I'll shoot him and then say "No." 8. After I kidnap the beautiful princess, we will be married immediately in a quiet civil ceremony, not a lavish spectacle in three weeks' time during which the final phase of my plan will be carried out. 9. I will not include a self-destruct mechanism unless absolutely necessary. If it is necessary, it will not be a large red button labelled, "Danger: Don Not Push". The big red button marked "Do Not Push" will instead trigger a spray of bullets on anyone stupid enough to disregard it. Similarly, the ON/OFF switch will clearly not be labelled as such. 10. I will not interrogate my enemies in the inner sanctum - a small hotel room well outside my border will work just as well. 11. I will be secure in my superiority. Therefore, I will feel no need to prove it by leaving clues in the form of riddles or leaving my weaker enemies alive to show they pose no threat. 12. One of my advisors will be an average five-year-old child. Any flaws in my plan that he is able to spot will be corrected before implementation. 13. All slain enemies will be cremated, or at least several round of ammunition emptied into them, not left for dead at the bottom of the cliff. The announcement of their deaths, as well as any accompanying celebration, will be deferred until after the aforementioned disposal. 14. The hero is not entitled to a last kiss, a last cigarette, or any other form of last request. 15. I will never employ any device with a digital count-down. If I find that such a device is absolutely unavoidable. I will set it to activate when the counter reaches 117 and the hero is just putting his plan into operation. 16. I will never utter the sentence "But before I kill you, there's just one thing I want to know." 17. When I employ people as advisors, I will occasionally listen to their advice. 18. I will not have a son. Although his laughably under-planned attempt to usurp power would easily fail, it would prove a fatal distraction at a crucial point in time. 19. I will not have a daughter. She would be as beautiful as she was evil, but one look at the hero's rugged countenance and she'd betray her own father. 20. Despite its proven stress-relieving effect, I will not indulge in maniacal laughter. When so occupied, it's too easy to miss unexpected developments that a more attentive individual could adjust to accordingly. 21. I will hire a fashion designer to create original uniforms for my Legion of Terror, as opposed to some cheap knock-offs that make them look like Nazi stormtroopers, Roman foot soldiers, or savage Mongol hordes. All were eventually defeated and I want my troops to have a more positive mind-set. 22. No matter how tempted I am with the prospect of unlimited power, I will not consume any energy field bigger than my head. 23. I will keep a special cache of low-tech weapons and train my troops in their use. That way -- even if the heroes manage to neutralize my power generator and/or render the standard-issue energy weapons useless -- my troops will not be overrun by a handful of savages armed with spears and rocks. 24. I will maintain a realistic assessment of my strength and weaknesses. Even though this takes some fun out of the job, at least I will never utter the line "No, this cannot be! I AM INVINCIBLE!!!" (After that, death is usually instantaneous.) 25. No matter how well it would perform, I will never construct any sort of machinery which is completely indestructible except for one small and virtually inaccessible spot. 26. No matter how attractive certain members of the rebellion are, there is probably someone just as attractive which is not desperate to kill me. Therefore, I will think twice before ordering a prisoner sent to my bed chamber. 27. I will never build only one of anything important. All important systems will have redundant control panels and power supplies. For the same reason I will always carry at least two fully loaded weapons at all times. 28. My pet monster will be kept in a secure cage from which it cannot escape and into which I could not accidentally stumble. 29. I will dress in bright and cheery colors, and so throw my enemies into confusion. 30. All bumbling conjurers, clumsy squires, no-talent bards, and cowardly thieves in the land will be preemptively put to death. My foes will surely give up and abandon their quest if they have no source of comic relief. 31. All naive, busty tavern wenches in my realm will be replaced with surly, world-weary waitresses who will provide no unexpected reinforcements and/or romantic sub-plot for the hero or his side-kick. 32. I will not fly into a rage and kill a messenger who brings me bad news just to illustrate how evil I really am. Good messengers are hard to come by. 33. I won't require high-ranking female members of my organization to wear a stainless-steel bustier. Morale is better with a more casual dress-code. Similarly, outfits made entirely from black leather will be reserved for formal occasions. 34. I will not turn into a snake. It never helps. 35. I will not grow a goatee. In the old days they made you look diabolic. Now they just make you look like a disaffected member of Generation X. 36. I will not imprison members of the same party in the same cell block, let alone the same cell. If they are important prisoners, I will keep the only key to the cell door on my person instead of handing copies to every bottom-rung guard in the prison. 37. If my trusted lieutenant tell me my Legion of Terror is losing a battle, I will believe him.. After all, he's my trusted lieutenant. 38. If an enemy I have just killed has a younger sibling or offspring anywhere, I will find them and have them killed immediately, instead of waiting for them to grow up harboring feelings of vengeance towards me in my old age. 39. If I absolutely must ride into battle, I will certainly not ride at the forefront of my Legions of Terror, nor will I seek out my opposite number among his army. 40. I will be neither chivalrous nor sporting. If I have an unstoppable super-weapon, I will use it early and as often as possible instead of keeping it in reserve. 41. Once my power is secure, I will destroy all of those pesky time travel devices. 42. When I capture the hero, I will make sure I also get his dog, monkey, ferret, or whatever sickeningly cute little animal capable of untying ropes and filching keys that happens to follow him around. 43. I will maintain a healthy amount of skepticism when I capture the beautiful rebel and she claims she is attracted to my power and good looks and will gladly betray her companions if I just let her in on my plans. 44. I will only employ bounty hunters who work for money. Those who work for the pleasure of the hunt tend to do dumb things like even the odds to give the other guy a sporting chance. 45. I will make sure I have a clear understanding of who is responsible for what in my organization. For example, if my general screws up I will not draw my weapon, point it at him and say "And here is the price for failure." then suddenly turn and kill some random underling. 46. If an advisor says to me "My liege, he is but one man. What can one man possibly do?", I will reply "This." and kill the advisor. 47. If I learn that a callow youth has begun a quest to destroy me, I will slay him while he is still a callow youth instead of waiting for him to mature. 48. I will treat any beast which I control through magic or technology with respect and kindness. Thus if the control is ever broken, it will not immediately come after me for revenge. 49. If I learn the whereabouts of the one artifact which can destroy me, I will not send all of my troops out to seize it. Instead I will send them out to seize something else and quietly put a Want-Ad in the local paper. 50. My main computers will have their own special operating system that will be completely incompatible with standard IBM and Macintosh powerbooks. 51. If one of my dungeon guards begins expressing concern over the conditions of the beautiful princess' cell, I will immediately transfer him to a less people oriented position. 52. I will hire a team of board-certified architects and surveyors to examine my castle and inform me of any secret passages and abandoned tunnels that I might not know about. 53. If the beautiful princess that I capture says "I'll never marry you! Never, do you hear me, NEVER!!!", I will say "Oh well" and kill her. 54. I will not strike a bargain with a demonic being then attempt to double-cross it simply because I feel like being contrary. 55. The deformed mutants and odd-ball psychotics will have their place in my Legion of Terror. However before I send them out on important covert missions that require tact and subtlety, I will first see if there is anyone else equally qualified who would attract less attention. 56. My Legion of Terror will be trained in basic marksmanship. Any who cannot learn to hit a man-sized target at 10 meters will be used for target practice. 57. Before employing any captured artifacts or machinery, I will carefully read the owners manual. 58. If it becomes necessary to escape, I will never stop to pose dramatically and toss off a one-liner. 59. I will never build a sentient computer smarter than I am. 60. My five-year-old child advisor will also be asked to decipher any code I am thinking of using. If he breaks the code in under 30 seconds, it will not be used. Note: This also applies to passwords. 61. If my advisors ask "Why are you risking everything on such a mad scheme?" I will not proceed until I have a response that satisfies them. 62. I will design fortress hallways with no alcoves or protruding structural supports which intruders could use for cover in a firefight. 63. Bulk trash will be disposed of in incinerators, not compactors. And they will be kept hot, with none of this nonsense about flames going through accessible tunnels at predictable intervals. 64. I will see a competent psychiatrist and get cured of all extremely unusual phobias and bizarre compulsive habits which could prove to be disadvantageous. 65. If I must have a computer system with publicly available terminals, the maps they display will have a room clearly marked as the Main Control Room. That room will be the Execution Chamber. The actual main control room will be marked as Sewage Overflow Containment. 66. My security keypad will actually be a fingerprint scanner. Anyone who watches someone press a sequence of buttons or dusts the pad for fingerprints and then subsequently tries to enter by repeating that sequence will trigger the alarm system. 67. No matter how many shorts we have in the system, my guards will be instructed to treat every surveillance camera malfunction as a full-scale emergency. 68. I will spare someone who saved my life sometime in the past. This is only reasonable as it encourages others to do so. However, the offer is good one time only. If they want me to spare them again, they'd better save my life again. 69. All midwives will be banned from the realm. All babies will be delivered at state-approved hospitals. Orphans will be placed in foster homes, not abandoned in the woods to be raised by creatures of the wild. 70. When my guards split up to search for intruders, they will always travel in groups of at least two. They will be trained so that if one of them disappears mysteriously while on patrol, the other will immediately initiate an alert and call for backup, instead of quizzically peering around a corner. 71. If I decide to test a lieutenant's loyalty and see if he/she should be made a trusted lieutenant, I will have a crack squad of marksmen standing by in case the answer is no. 72. If all the heroes are standing together around a strange device and begin to taunt me, I will pull out a conventional weapon, instead of using my unstoppable super weapon on them. 73. I will not agree to let the heroes go free if they win a rigged contest, even though my advisors assure me it is impossible for them to win. 74. When I create a multimedia presentation of my plan designed so that my five-year-old advisor can easily understand the details, I will not label the disk "Project Overlord" and leave it lying on top of my desk. 75. I will instruct my Legion of Terror to attack the heroes en masse, instead of standing around waiting while members break off and attack one or two at a time. 76. If the hero runs up to my roof, I will not run up after him and struggle with him in an attempt to push him over the edge. I will also not engage him at the edge of a cliff. (In the middle of a rope-bridge over a river of molten lava is not even worth considering.) 77. If I have a fit of temporary insanity and decide to give the hero the chance to reject a job as my trusted lieutenant, I will retain enough sanity to wait until my current trusted lieutenant is out of earshot before making the offer. 78. I will not tell my Legion of Terror "And he must be taken alive-" the command will be "And try to take him alive if it is reasonable practical." 79. If my doomsday device happens to come with a reverse switch, as soon as it has been employed it will be melted down and made into limited edition commemorative coins. 80. If my weakest troops fail to eliminate a hero, I will send out my best troops instead of wasting time with progressively stronger ones as he gets closer and closer to my fortress. 81. If I am fighting with the hero atop a moving platform, have disarmed him, and am about to finish him off and he glances behind me and drops flat, I too will drop flat instead of quizzically turning around to find out what he saw. 82. I will not shoot at any of my enemies if they are standing in front of the crucial support beam to a heavy, dangerously unbalanced structure. 83. If I'm eating dinner with the hero, put poison in his goblet, then have to leave the table for any reason, I will order new drinks for both of us instead of trying to decide whether or not to switch with him. 84. I will not have captives of one sex guarded by members of the opposite sex. 85. I will not use any plan in which the final step is horribly complicated, e.g. "Align the 12 stones of power on the sacred altar then activate the medallion at the moment of total eclipse." Instead it will be more alone the lines of "Push the button/" 86. I will make sure that my doomsday device is up to code and properly grounded. 87. My vats of hazardous chemicals will be covered when not in use. Also, I will not construct walkways above them. 88. If a group of henchmen fail miserably at a task, I will not berate them for incompetence then send the same group out to do the task again. 89. After I capture the hero's super weapon, I will not disband legions and relax my guard because I believe whoever holds the weapon is unstoppable. After all, the hero held the weapon and I took it from him. 90. I will not design my main control room so that every workstation is facing away from the door. 91. I will not ignore the messenger that stumbles in exhausted and obviously agitated until my personal grooming or current entertainment is finished. It might actually be important. 92. If I ever talk to the hero on the phone, I will not taunt him. Instead, I will say that his dogged perseverance has given me new insight on the futility of my evil ways and that if he leaves me alone for a few months of quiet contemplation I will likely return to the path of righteousness. (Heroes are incredibly gullible in this regard.) 93. If I decide to hold a double execution of the hero and the underling who failed or betrayed me, I will die first. 94. When arresting prisoners, my guards will not allow them to stop and grab a useless trinket of purely sentimental value. 95. My dungeon will have its own qualified medical staff complete with bodyguards. That way if a prisoner becomes sick and his cell mate tells the guard it's an emergency, the guard will fetch a trauma team instead of opening the cell for a look. 96. My door mechanisms will be designed so that blasting the control panel on the outside seals the door and blasting the control panel on the inside opens the door, not vice versa. 97. My dungeon cells will not be furnished with objects that contain reflective surfaces or anything that can be unraveled. 98. If an attractive young couple enters my realm, I will carefully monitor their activities. If I find they are happy and affectionate, I will ignore them. However, if circumstances have forced them together against their will and they spend all their time bickering and criticizing each other except during the intermittent occasions when they are saving each other' lives at which point there are hints of sexual tension, I will immediately order their execution. 99. Any data files of crucial importance will be padded to 1.45Mb. 100. Finally, to keep my subjects permanently locked in a mindless trance, I will provide each of them with free, unlimited internet access.

 I'll be back late tonight, Killy . I'm pretty happy with the king of the hill game. I pretty accurately thought that the name of the game was to not get too serious about the hill, just enough to keep anyone from having it too long, and focus on resource extraction. It looks like in urlLink Panther, iDisk is going to become something more than a slow web-DAV server connection baked into the OS' menu. If you take a look at the "What's in store..." it looks like iDisk is going to morph into a very useful synched folder, similar to good old Win98's "Briefcase" and Mac OS 7's synchronization assistant.

 I just deployed the awards party application on the little iBook. I think I may serve up the party on it rather than my computer. The Houston awards party was served out on my old iBook 500, so the office iBook SE 466 should do fine for Austin. I'm starting to become comfortable (if not quite fluent) in exporting Mysql databases and reimporting them, table structure and all into a different computer. For some reason, it is a lot simpler with Mac OS than with Red Hat. With RH I had to build Mysql and Php and then find an obscure linker from php to mysql. Everything had a general level of suckitude.

 so can anyone take a stab at why the network was running so slow when we were playing aoe? i thought it really odd that we were running as slow as we were.

 Hello all! I was waiting for my breakfast taquito when this came on! I had to smily warmly with visions of yesterday in my head. MONDAY, 23 JUNE 2003 From urlLink The Writer's Almanac Poem: "Why I Take Good Care of my Macintosh," by urlLink Gary Snyder (used by permission of the poet). Why I Take Good Care of my Macintosh Because it broods under its hood like a perched falcon, Because it jumps like a skittish horse and sometimes throws me Because it is poky when cold Because plastic is a sad, strong material that is charming to rodents Because it is flighty Because my mind flies into it through my fingers Because it leaps forward and backward, is an endless sniffer and searcher, Because its keys click like hail on a boulder And it winks when it goes out, And puts word-heaps in hoards for me, dozens of pockets of gold under boulders in streambeds, identical seedpods strong on a vine, or it stores bins of bolts; And I lose them and find them, Because whole worlds of writing can be boldly layed out and then highlighted and vanish in a flash at "delete" so it teaches of impermanence and pain; And because my computer and me are both brief in this world, both foolish, and we have earthly fates, Because I have let it move in with me right inside the tent And it goes with me out every morning We fill up our baskets, get back home, Feel rich, relax, I throw it a scrap and it hums.

 i am also glad we stopped when we did cause i had run out of gold fending off paul most of the game. i had no relics and no more mines. if we had gone on much longer, i was going to have to fight with archers and spear-chuckers till i ran out of wood and food.

 so is this a one day trip, adolph? or are you there overnight?

 This is really funny stuff my brother spammed me with. Normally he don't send the crap, but this one he rightly judged was worth it ----> The Top 100 Things I'd Do If I Ever Became An Evil Overlord 1. My Legions of Terror will have helmets with clear Plexiglas visors, not face concealing ones. 2. My ventilation ducts will be too small to crawl through. 3. My noble half-brother whose throne I usurped will be killed, not kept anonymously imprisoned in a forgotten cell in my dungeon. 4. Shooting is not too good for my enemies. 5. The artifact which is the source of my power will not be kept on the Mountain of Despair beyond the River of Fire guarded by the Dragon of Eternity. It will be in my safe-deposit box. The same applies to the object which is my one weakness. 6. I will not gloat over my enemies predicament before killing them. 7. When I've captured my adversary and he says, "Look, before you kill me, will you at least tell me what this is all about?" I'll say, "No." and shoot him. No, on second thought, I'll shoot him and then say "No." 8. After I kidnap the beautiful princess, we will be married immediately in a quiet civil ceremony, not a lavish spectacle in three weeks' time during which the final phase of my plan will be carried out. 9. I will not include a self-destruct mechanism unless absolutely necessary. If it is necessary, it will not be a large red button labelled, "Danger: Don Not Push". The big red button marked "Do Not Push" will instead trigger a spray of bullets on anyone stupid enough to disregard it. Similarly, the ON/OFF switch will clearly not be labelled as such. 10. I will not interrogate my enemies in the inner sanctum - a small hotel room well outside my border will work just as well. 11. I will be secure in my superiority. Therefore, I will feel no need to prove it by leaving clues in the form of riddles or leaving my weaker enemies alive to show they pose no threat. 12. One of my advisors will be an average five-year-old child. Any flaws in my plan that he is able to spot will be corrected before implementation. 13. All slain enemies will be cremated, or at least several round of ammunition emptied into them, not left for dead at the bottom of the cliff. The announcement of their deaths, as well as any accompanying celebration, will be deferred until after the aforementioned disposal. 14. The hero is not entitled to a last kiss, a last cigarette, or any other form of last request. 15. I will never employ any device with a digital count-down. If I find that such a device is absolutely unavoidable. I will set it to activate when the counter reaches 117 and the hero is just putting his plan into operation. 16. I will never utter the sentence "But before I kill you, there's just one thing I want to know." 17. When I employ people as advisors, I will occasionally listen to their advice. 18. I will not have a son. Although his laughably under-planned attempt to usurp power would easily fail, it would prove a fatal distraction at a crucial point in time. 19. I will not have a daughter. She would be as beautiful as she was evil, but one look at the hero's rugged countenance and she'd betray her own father. 20. Despite its proven stress-relieving effect, I will not indulge in maniacal laughter. When so occupied, it's too easy to miss unexpected developments that a more attentive individual could adjust to accordingly. 21. I will hire a fashion designer to create original uniforms for my Legion of Terror, as opposed to some cheap knock-offs that make them look like Nazi stormtroopers, Roman foot soldiers, or savage Mongol hordes. All were eventually defeated and I want my troops to have a more positive mind-set. 22. No matter how tempted I am with the prospect of unlimited power, I will not consume any energy field bigger than my head. 23. I will keep a special cache of low-tech weapons and train my troops in their use. That way -- even if the heroes manage to neutralize my power generator and/or render the standard-issue energy weapons useless -- my troops will not be overrun by a handful of savages armed with spears and rocks. 24. I will maintain a realistic assessment of my strength and weaknesses. Even though this takes some fun out of the job, at least I will never utter the line "No, this cannot be! I AM INVINCIBLE!!!" (After that, death is usually instantaneous.) 25. No matter how well it would perform, I will never construct any sort of machinery which is completely indestructible except for one small and virtually inaccessible spot. 26. No matter how attractive certain members of the rebellion are, there is probably someone just as attractive which is not desperate to kill me. Therefore, I will think twice before ordering a prisoner sent to my bed chamber. 27. I will never build only one of anything important. All important systems will have redundant control panels and power supplies. For the same reason I will always carry at least two fully loaded weapons at all times. 28. My pet monster will be kept in a secure cage from which it cannot escape and into which I could not accidentally stumble. 29. I will dress in bright and cheery colors, and so throw my enemies into confusion. 30. All bumbling conjurers, clumsy squires, no-talent bards, and cowardly thieves in the land will be preemptively put to death. My foes will surely give up and abandon their quest if they have no source of comic relief. 31. All naive, busty tavern wenches in my realm will be replaced with surly, world-weary waitresses who will provide no unexpected reinforcements and/or romantic sub-plot for the hero or his side-kick. 32. I will not fly into a rage and kill a messenger who brings me bad news just to illustrate how evil I really am. Good messengers are hard to come by. 33. I won't require high-ranking female members of my organization to wear a stainless-steel bustier. Morale is better with a more casual dress-code. Similarly, outfits made entirely from black leather will be reserved for formal occasions. 34. I will not turn into a snake. It never helps. 35. I will not grow a goatee. In the old days they made you look diabolic. Now they just make you look like a disaffected member of Generation X. 36. I will not imprison members of the same party in the same cell block, let alone the same cell. If they are important prisoners, I will keep the only key to the cell door on my person instead of handing copies to every bottom-rung guard in the prison. 37. If my trusted lieutenant tell me my Legion of Terror is losing a battle, I will believe him.. After all, he's my trusted lieutenant. 38. If an enemy I have just killed has a younger sibling or offspring anywhere, I will find them and have them killed immediately, instead of waiting for them to grow up harboring feelings of vengeance towards me in my old age. 39. If I absolutely must ride into battle, I will certainly not ride at the forefront of my Legions of Terror, nor will I seek out my opposite number among his army. 40. I will be neither chivalrous nor sporting. If I have an unstoppable super-weapon, I will use it early and as often as possible instead of keeping it in reserve. 41. Once my power is secure, I will destroy all of those pesky time travel devices. 42. When I capture the hero, I will make sure I also get his dog, monkey, ferret, or whatever sickeningly cute little animal capable of untying ropes and filching keys that happens to follow him around. 43. I will maintain a healthy amount of skepticism when I capture the beautiful rebel and she claims she is attracted to my power and good looks and will gladly betray her companions if I just let her in on my plans. 44. I will only employ bounty hunters who work for money. Those who work for the pleasure of the hunt tend to do dumb things like even the odds to give the other guy a sporting chance. 45. I will make sure I have a clear understanding of who is responsible for what in my organization. For example, if my general screws up I will not draw my weapon, point it at him and say "And here is the price for failure." then suddenly turn and kill some random underling. 46. If an advisor says to me "My liege, he is but one man. What can one man possibly do?", I will reply "This." and kill the advisor. 47. If I learn that a callow youth has begun a quest to destroy me, I will slay him while he is still a callow youth instead of waiting for him to mature. 48. I will treat any beast which I control through magic or technology with respect and kindness. Thus if the control is ever broken, it will not immediately come after me for revenge. 49. If I learn the whereabouts of the one artifact which can destroy me, I will not send all of my troops out to seize it. Instead I will send them out to seize something else and quietly put a Want-Ad in the local paper. 50. My main computers will have their own special operating system that will be completely incompatible with standard IBM and Macintosh powerbooks. 51. If one of my dungeon guards begins expressing concern over the conditions of the beautiful princess' cell, I will immediately transfer him to a less people oriented position. 52. I will hire a team of board-certified architects and surveyors to examine my castle and inform me of any secret passages and abandoned tunnels that I might not know about. 53. If the beautiful princess that I capture says "I'll never marry you! Never, do you hear me, NEVER!!!", I will say "Oh well" and kill her. 54. I will not strike a bargain with a demonic being then attempt to double-cross it simply because I feel like being contrary. 55. The deformed mutants and odd-ball psychotics will have their place in my Legion of Terror. However before I send them out on important covert missions that require tact and subtlety, I will first see if there is anyone else equally qualified who would attract less attention. 56. My Legion of Terror will be trained in basic marksmanship. Any who cannot learn to hit a man-sized target at 10 meters will be used for target practice. 57. Before employing any captured artifacts or machinery, I will carefully read the owners manual. 58. If it becomes necessary to escape, I will never stop to pose dramatically and toss off a one-liner. 59. I will never build a sentient computer smarter than I am. 60. My five-year-old child advisor will also be asked to decipher any code I am thinking of using. If he breaks the code in under 30 seconds, it will not be used. Note: This also applies to passwords. 61. If my advisors ask "Why are you risking everything on such a mad scheme?" I will not proceed until I have a response that satisfies them. 62. I will design fortress hallways with no alcoves or protruding structural supports which intruders could use for cover in a firefight. 63. Bulk trash will be disposed of in incinerators, not compactors. And they will be kept hot, with none of this nonsense about flames going through accessible tunnels at predictable intervals. 64. I will see a competent psychiatrist and get cured of all extremely unusual phobias and bizarre compulsive habits which could prove to be disadvantageous. 65. If I must have a computer system with publicly available terminals, the maps they display will have a room clearly marked as the Main Control Room. That room will be the Execution Chamber. The actual main control room will be marked as Sewage Overflow Containment. 66. My security keypad will actually be a fingerprint scanner. Anyone who watches someone press a sequence of buttons or dusts the pad for fingerprints and then subsequently tries to enter by repeating that sequence will trigger the alarm system. 67. No matter how many shorts we have in the system, my guards will be instructed to treat every surveillance camera malfunction as a full-scale emergency. 68. I will spare someone who saved my life sometime in the past. This is only reasonable as it encourages others to do so. However, the offer is good one time only. If they want me to spare them again, they'd better save my life again. 69. All midwives will be banned from the realm. All babies will be delivered at state-approved hospitals. Orphans will be placed in foster homes, not abandoned in the woods to be raised by creatures of the wild. 70. When my guards split up to search for intruders, they will always travel in groups of at least two. They will be trained so that if one of them disappears mysteriously while on patrol, the other will immediately initiate an alert and call for backup, instead of quizzically peering around a corner. 71. If I decide to test a lieutenant's loyalty and see if he/she should be made a trusted lieutenant, I will have a crack squad of marksmen standing by in case the answer is no. 72. If all the heroes are standing together around a strange device and begin to taunt me, I will pull out a conventional weapon, instead of using my unstoppable super weapon on them. 73. I will not agree to let the heroes go free if they win a rigged contest, even though my advisors assure me it is impossible for them to win. 74. When I create a multimedia presentation of my plan designed so that my five-year-old advisor can easily understand the details, I will not label the disk "Project Overlord" and leave it lying on top of my desk. 75. I will instruct my Legion of Terror to attack the heroes en masse, instead of standing around waiting while members break off and attack one or two at a time. 76. If the hero runs up to my roof, I will not run up after him and struggle with him in an attempt to push him over the edge. I will also not engage him at the edge of a cliff. (In the middle of a rope-bridge over a river of molten lava is not even worth considering.) 77. If I have a fit of temporary insanity and decide to give the hero the chance to reject a job as my trusted lieutenant, I will retain enough sanity to wait until my current trusted lieutenant is out of earshot before making the offer. 78. I will not tell my Legion of Terror "And he must be taken alive-" the command will be "And try to take him alive if it is reasonable practical." 79. If my doomsday device happens to come with a reverse switch, as soon as it has been employed it will be melted down and made into limited edition commemorative coins. 80. If my weakest troops fail to eliminate a hero, I will send out my best troops instead of wasting time with progressively stronger ones as he gets closer and closer to my fortress. 81. If I am fighting with the hero atop a moving platform, have disarmed him, and am about to finish him off and he glances behind me and drops flat, I too will drop flat instead of quizzically turning around to find out what he saw. 82. I will not shoot at any of my enemies if they are standing in front of the crucial support beam to a heavy, dangerously unbalanced structure. 83. If I'm eating dinner with the hero, put poison in his goblet, then have to leave the table for any reason, I will order new drinks for both of us instead of trying to decide whether or not to switch with him. 84. I will not have captives of one sex guarded by members of the opposite sex. 85. I will not use any plan in which the final step is horribly complicated, e.g. "Align the 12 stones of power on the sacred altar then activate the medallion at the moment of total eclipse." Instead it will be more alone the lines of "Push the button/" 86. I will make sure that my doomsday device is up to code and properly grounded. 87. My vats of hazardous chemicals will be covered when not in use. Also, I will not construct walkways above them. 88. If a group of henchmen fail miserably at a task, I will not berate them for incompetence then send the same group out to do the task again. 89. After I capture the hero's super weapon, I will not disband legions and relax my guard because I believe whoever holds the weapon is unstoppable. After all, the hero held the weapon and I took it from him. 90. I will not design my main control room so that every workstation is facing away from the door. 91. I will not ignore the messenger that stumbles in exhausted and obviously agitated until my personal grooming or current entertainment is finished. It might actually be important. 92. If I ever talk to the hero on the phone, I will not taunt him. Instead, I will say that his dogged perseverance has given me new insight on the futility of my evil ways and that if he leaves me alone for a few months of quiet contemplation I will likely return to the path of righteousness. (Heroes are incredibly gullible in this regard.) 93. If I decide to hold a double execution of the hero and the underling who failed or betrayed me, I will die first. 94. When arresting prisoners, my guards will not allow them to stop and grab a useless trinket of purely sentimental value. 95. My dungeon will have its own qualified medical staff complete with bodyguards. That way if a prisoner becomes sick and his cell mate tells the guard it's an emergency, the guard will fetch a trauma team instead of opening the cell for a look. 96. My door mechanisms will be designed so that blasting the control panel on the outside seals the door and blasting the control panel on the inside opens the door, not vice versa. 97. My dungeon cells will not be furnished with objects that contain reflective surfaces or anything that can be unraveled. 98. If an attractive young couple enters my realm, I will carefully monitor their activities. If I find they are happy and affectionate, I will ignore them. However, if circumstances have forced them together against their will and they spend all their time bickering and criticizing each other except during the intermittent occasions when they are saving each other' lives at which point there are hints of sexual tension, I will immediately order their execution. 99. Any data files of crucial importance will be padded to 1.45Mb. 100. Finally, to keep my subjects permanently locked in a mindless trance, I will provide each of them with free, unlimited internet access.

 Ahhh! WWDC keynote is almost upon us. It is 10 Pacific, 12 Central, so I am going to be driving to Austin when it is going on. I wish there was a radio station that would cover it live. On the other hand, the whole laptop to cell phone connection may bet a whole lot handier on this trip. Unfortunately, I'm not going to have any time on my own, so there is no chance to zip down to Mojo's or some place with a fast connection and download the keynote video. If any of you Austin guys want to see me being busy, just visit the Dave and Busters near the Arboretum (sic).

 so i just spent the last twenty minutes trying to remember how exactly to share files from an os9 box. i mean, having to go to tcp/ip in the control panels and then changing the permissions on the volume to mount...stuff like that. things have come a long way. but i did it. 2.09 GB worth of conference images being sucked over to another mac where i'll archive them to cd and copy them over to the new pc they replaced the old mac tower with. a nice easy day, so far. amber i had a suspicion that that was what you were doing while we were at diedrich's. i could tell by the smirk on your face that you were up to no good.... adolph & paul i'm really happy with the progress we made on sunday. i passed along the mtg notes to todd. also : apparently, carol has some insights into what don really wants. she did mention this to me earlier. we'll have to get together with her to find out what she knows.

 My two babies.

 I'm sitting across the table at Deiedrich's looking at Killy as I post this. See Killy? I'm actually posting! The Frio sounds fabulous, Taggart. I've just been finishing up my college education this summer. No fun adventures yet, but I'll be done in August. Thanks for all the wishes of good luck when I was interviewing a couple weeks ago. I accepted a position with the National Multiple Sclerosis Society a Client Programs Coordinator. I'll start July 7. I'm pretty excited about it. Since I've been interning with them since September I'll be able to get things done as soon as I start. I'll be working to coordinate self-help groups, educational programs, programs for children with MS, the chapter newsletter, and the chapter website, as well as assisting my boss with planning for camps at Camp for All and social programs. It should be pretty rewarding.

 Just returned from a weekend at the Frio River. I am about as pink as Todd. Great weekend of doing nothing and hanging around. Helps keep my mind off the fact that I spend my weeks doing nothing and hanging around.

 I caught a run away dog and returned it to the mother of it's owner. I chashed my children and growled like a monster. I ate for breakfast the remainders of a feast from the previous night. wondered about many things. saw two shrews in one day, the same day I and my wife watched osprey land in a nest above us. drew while I thought about implications of a pen line. saw the newspaper and my head spun from the larger perspective.

 I post from the Apple Store . These guys just hooked me up with a new power-adapter. I also went ahead and picked me up a brand new 20 GB ipod . Man these things are sweet, just kidding are you crazy I gotta eat!

 well, todd. had i known we were going to have guests, i wouldn't have posted a bikini girl not too far below.

 hey everybody! i am at my little sisiter's place in san boydoesthistownsuckantonio, on a poopy little pc. these things sure are wacky. she wanted to see how blogs work, etc., so i am showing her.

 yup. you are you again.

 am i me again?

 sorry to be so vague. i forget about those who rarely post....(ha!) anyway, carol's boss saw the litte movie i made of the baby. he was so impressed that he wants me to do a sort of mini promo movie of his company, misys. specifically, his territory and 'team' (he's a director of sales.) so that's what's going on. Wish you were around. Maybe we could get you to draw the story boards...or hold the boom mike, or oil up the bikini girls....wait, that's adolph's job. ha!

 colin, here's amber's address. amberscott777@hotmail.com antny's is ambant@earthlink.net nice to hear you

 Killy, sorry if I am asking for information already in common blogger knowledge, what is going on with this list For carols boss, what is being proposed and so forth.

 i saw the post to the blog about that drawing todd did. and i thought to myself, "...i didn't say i liked that drawing!" and then i realized that paul was posting from my computer at home cauz his box is out of juice. (poor paul) funny...

 Can anyone describe in slow and patient detail, how one goes about putting pictures on the blog. You can email them to me so as not to distract from the exciting computer blather.

 This is a list of questions that i believe we need to get answered as soon as possible. I have emailed this list to Don (carol's boss) so he can start to think about these things. We'll prolly have to assume some of this stuff based on marketing materials that carol will get for us, if he doesn't get back with us soon: Client Pre-Production Checklist What is the purpose of the proposed media product(s)? What is the perceived communications problem/challenge? What is proposed primary media to convey the message(s), why? Describe the collateral media that will form the balance of your integrated marketing strategy/campaign. Who is the primary audience for the piece (describe as thoroughly as possible?.age, gender, socio-economic status, education, etc.)? Who is the secondary audience, the tertiary audience? What does each audience (primary, secondary, tertiary) currently know, feel, and believe about the stated problem (address lack of information, misconceptions, and/or misperceptions held at this point in time)? What do you want each audience (primary, secondary, tertiary) to know after being exposed to the finished media product(s)? (address the specific facts to be disseminated) What do you want each audience (primary, secondary, tertiary) to believe after being exposed to the finished media product(s)? (address state of mind after being exposed to the facts) What do you want each audience (primary, secondary, tertiary) to feel after being exposed to the finished media product(s)? (address emotional state after being exposed to the ?story?) What do you want each audience (primary, secondary, tertiary) to do after being exposed to the finished media product(s)? (identify the definitive ?call to action? the audience(s) should take) Where and how will the media product(s) be used? (address mail vs. use with a presenter? specific events during which the media product(s) will be used? technologies needed for viewing? environmental considerations like noise, light, line of sight? ADA? shelf-life of product? etc.) When do you need the media product(s) completed, what is the deadline? What is your budget, be specific? Who will be responsible for final approval of the media product(s)? Will s/he/they be an active participant during the on-going creation of the media product(s)? How will you measure the effectiveness of the media product(s)? Who will be the technical advisors/subject matter specialists with regard to content? Do they have the authority to act in that capacity, do they have the time to act in that capacity, do they ?buy-into? the project? Any ideas regarding the creative approach?

 Does anyone have amber's email address? Does anyone have anthony's (ambers boyfriend) email address?

 good god man, that is some delicate work on that hair. bravo. I love it.

 Paul, the not Killy writes: Todd, that is a great drawing.

 better? funny, i only get the error in safari. later that same day... i figured it out. ahem. someone did not close there 'pre' tag. not naming any names. you know who you are. more scribbles.

 Wow, Paul , that is some severely bad luck. Are you (a) getting power to the adapter and (b) have you tried using the cable vs. the prongs-only connector?

 Good to know... since my power-adapter no longer wants to give power to my ibook! (no nice orangy light for me! no AC menu-item on the desktop! Battery power....fading.....) I need to test with killy's adapter to see where the problem is! What is it about me and this ibook? Is a month without problems too much to ask? Should I have bought a Dell?

 http://www.rvpinc.com/pre_production/ this might help us out.

 Yepper, all iBook (Dual USB) and PB G4 models use the same power interface. (There are some out there that have yo-yo's, like my iBook (Dual USB) 500, but the interface and voltage match. In fact, Paul , since your power supply has the silver tip, it would match my PB better than my own.

 so it's friday. where is everyone?

 Is the power-adapter for the PB the same for the Ibook? I ask because I am at 73 percent power and...

 so what happened to the formatting? i hope this is just a blogger glitch um, for those of you who are interested, here is the site for carol's company to read up on their mission. http://www.misyshealthcare.com if you think it would be helpful, i'll start another blog solely dedicated to the project where we can stay in touch.

 Ya'll need to do yourselves a musical favor, aquire the "BE GOOD TANYAS" album "THE BLUE HORSE" one of the girls who sing on that has one of the best voices I have ever heard. completely classic and timeless. kind of bluegrassy kind of country. completly beautiful. They are from Canada and met each other at some enviromental tree planting work camp. There supposedly was alot of singing and playing around the camp fire. They have a second album called "CHINATOWN" it is good too. much more polished and produced, but still lovely. over and out. looking forward to texas.

 Todd, I dig the droolings of the security cams.

 It is amazing what people will pick up on. The first time I looked at the page I completely missed it. One of the interesting things to note is 8 gigs of RAM max, this means that they are using the 64 bit IBM 970. For reasons I won't claim to understand, the max allowable by a 32 bit processor in a conventional machine is 4 gigs (and I'm not certain if Mac OS X 10.2 can even see more than 2 gigs).

 urlLink Mac Rumors! PowerMac Specs are Leaked - by Apple!: 1.6GHz, 1.8GHz, or Dual 2GHz PowerPC G5 Processors Up to 1 GHz processor bus Up to 8GB of DDR SDRAM Fast Serial ATA hard drives AGP 8x Pro3 PCI or PCI-X expansion slots One FW800, two FW400 ports Bluetooth & Airport Extreme ready Optical and analog audio in and out

 guess where i got to wait in line today? drawing on those labels always makes me feel like a graffiti kid. all i need is a fat black marker and some skillz.

 Mark and I are quickly wrapping up various jobs. Working on an add for a spa we shot in Palm Springs, Fed/Ex-ing the MUY-MUY importante Tilman Fritita (CEO of Landry's) job, more spa shots of the Spaahht at the Hill Country Hyatt, and photoshopping a couple of shots for Hyatt Austin. Getting everything squared away before Liz and I head out to the Bahamas on Sunday.

 i have various projects in various states of completion. there are others that threaten to materialize on the horizon that i occasionaly think about, and try to give price estimates for. i am working on one half-assed eCommerce site, one 'bait' design for a more complex commerce site (to reel in investors), discussions with a dump truck company that needs rebranding (and a secretary), the neverending oil painter site, some display boards and a brochurey thing for some local (loco) interior designers, some kinko's style postcards...i think that's it. as far as personal projects go, i just picked up a big ass php/mysql book and just started on chapter two.

 Dave......what are you up too?

 urlLink Paul , Among other things, I am working on a presentation I'm making with the boss next week in Minneapolis about internet marketing for nonprofit fundraising events. Also, taking pictures

 This is what I am working on: This is what dave is working on: what are you guys up to?

 anyone up for a game of iconquer tonight? we should give it a test run, huh? download it if you don't have it from the apple site.

 A bbq down in H-town is a great idea! I will bring the pringles. Also, can pork-chops be cooked on the grill? Also, for breakfast I want to go that taco place by killy's mom's house.

 hey Killy, I have been using urlLink phpicalendar running off my ibook, and it works great! I like it because to take a quick peek at my busy calendar I do not need to open up iCal (which takes too long too load), I just switch to a bookmark and my calendar shows up in my browser (a lot faster). iCal has a neat feature that lets you automagically publish your iCal using webDav. Setting this up to run on your local machine is no problem because you can easily enable webDav on your machine's webserver, etc. Getting it to work on a remote server (e.g chairjockey.com) would be dependant on whether that server allows webDav access. I do not think chairjockey, or wt.net does allow this access. So your only recourse for updating would be to ftp the iCal file up to the server. This would require probably too much effort if you update your iCal regularly. Of course, you could set up a cron job that would ftp your iCal up to the server...

 hey, why don't we have a mini bbq at my mom's place on saturday? carol is going to have a big yard sale to sell off some of our junk. we can all hang out sit together, maybe even DO something other than play games (although, a little of that is definately in order). the baby is big enough to pick up and twirl around and get good laughs out of. he likes to laugh. the best thing about it is: it's not north austin (although, it IS south houston)!

 well, next time you guys get here, maybe we can all hang together. i still have yet to meet mark, and have been told that i NEED to meet him.

 Lack of tripod. Absolutley limited my composure. Mark liked the Tunnel and we spent maybe 15 min in there. I took him to the Rothko chapel afterword and he liked that. He was very interested in the Byzantine Chapel but it did not open till 11 a.m. and that was too late. The Twombly didnt open till 11 either. Next time we go down to Houston he is going to check it out.

 anyone : how would i 'post' my ical to a place other than .mac?

 tag I was looking at the two photos you posted. Good thinking to put the cam on the ground for such a long exposure i would guess (which is prolly why mark's is so fuzzy), and i appreciate the off centered-ness; but i would have really loved to have seen a straight on shot with marks reflection framed by the fuzzy reflection of the blue lights. that would have been a shot you could take home to mama.

 Hey urlLink Taggart , Did Mark dig it?

 That's amazing, adolph!

 urlLink Dude skydives across the English channel. Imagine if G.I. Joe had that. They would have wiped Cobra out in no time at all!

 Dragged Mark to the Turrell tunnel at the MFA on Friday morning. Here are some images from that morning. Mine is the Blue. Mark Pink.......his is out of focus.

 urlLink Killy , I think computer screens are terrible for portraying data normally represented on paper. I would much rather play the board game. The remote play capability is transformative, though.

 He is the tour manager for urlLink album leaf , a really great band from San Diego. Here are the dates: Aug. 10th Emo's Sunday 603 Red River Road Emo's All Ages Austin, TX 78701 603 Red River Road Show Austin, TX 78701 EARLY SHOW (512)477-3667 ( 8 pm set time)

 While not much as pleasure craft go, the Grumman Challenger (circa 1985) is a serviceable photographic platform. not really, but paul decided it was. so bright and early this morning we loaded up and shoved off in to bucolic lake austin right at the 360 bridge. after some aimless cruising we ended up spotting our quarry. it's a lovely cape cod style home with nautical overtones, and lake access. it's currently being offered for more money than you can think of without getting a headache. perfect for a 'getaway' home. mission accomplished, paul decided some fishing was in order. then some more aimless cruising, finally, back to shore and the office.

 what is the advantage of iconquer over risk, though (besides playing it remotely)?

 urlLink Killy, Yeah, just d/l the demo and we al play the demo to try it out.

 adolph -sure. that sounds like fun! did you happen to buy it? or will we all have to play the demo? paul -what happened to that declaration of war?

 urlLink iConquer , it just looks sweet. Do you guys want to give it a spin this week?

 Hey Paul , Yeah, MovableType is used by most "serious" bloggers. Aparently there are a lot of different ways to customize it and add plug-ins. On the other hand, you could just throw urlLink Bloxsom on chairjockey and make a form that makes a bunch of text files...

 I finally got urlLink MovableType up and running on my ibook! I want to try this blog server out because I am very interested in blogging and urlLink moblogging , and from what I have read MovableType is pretty comphrehensive as far as features. Also, it supports most of the Blogger XML-RPC API, and most of the metaWebLog XML-RPC API, which means it will be useful as test platform for my next project... Warning! Post gets boring! I had a tough time getting Movable Type working properly because I tried to configure it to use mysql support. It turned out that my perl install does not include the DBD::mysql module, and for unknown reasons CPAN was unable to install it. I suspect that the problem has something to do with the fact that my mysql install is located in /Library/Mysql instead of a more usual place like /usr/local, and so during the build process the Linker had hard time finding the proper header files and libraries. I even tried to build the module manually, but every attempt to proplerly link the required object files failed, so i am now running this thing w/out db support.... And it works great! This thing offers so much more than the free version of urlLink blogger , which is to be suspected I guess. What I really like is that you can add comments to posts. Anyhow, I am thinking that maybe we could get this thing up and running on urlLink chairjockey.com and eventually transition ourselves to a full-service blog...

 One of my current projects is updating a simple web application that manages rider information and prize fulfillment. When entering the fulfillment of a prize, one of the challenges is to collect the necessary information about that fulfillment. For example, when we issue out a jersey, we need to keep track of who it went to, what size it was, the status that it is fulfilled and not back-ordered and potentially a comment field in case a friend picked it up. And so on: Watch: Person, Men's or Women's Watch, Status, Comment Polo Shirt: Person, M or W, Size, Status, Comment Gift Certificate: Person, Amount, Serial Number, Status, Comment To keep the programming simple, you just make a form that has slots for each of the above and display it to the user. They fill in the relevant parts and ignore the rest. However, the actual usage of the software is often in low-light situations with a volunteer who isn't familiar with the computer and certainly isn't rememberful of what prize requires what information. The unhelpful programmer solution to user's miskeying information in such a situation is to make certain fields mandatory, like with a javascript that pops up an error message. The better way (I think) is to only present form options relevant to the choice at hand. How do I do this? The problem is twofold. First, it is keeping track of each product's fields: what shouldn't be displayed; what is mandatory or optional; what is the default value (if any) and what are the choices; what kind of data should be accepted? Second, how does the application control the user's access to each field? Does it use DHTML to change the form when a user selects a specific product or is product fulfillment handled in two steps/screens (1.) select the product, (2.) input that products fields?

 These are great drawrings: here's the pix for those like me who forgot to scroll down the article....

 When I was a kid flying was fun. Today, it is penitence for Travel.

 urlLink Keyspan : ZIP-LINQ USB Cell Phone Charger Cable - Ericsson I ordered one of these late last week. It arrived today. It works pretty well. Basically, the zip thing is a regular USB cable. The kit comes with a USB to Ericsson phone power adapter. That way I don't have to bring along the cell charger when I'm on the road. In some ways, this is a pointless accessory because a phone charge lasts three to four days. Trips lasting longer than that typically require a hotel with powersource, etc. However, whenever I run Bluetooth on the phone, the battery lasts for a day or a day and a half. With this smaller than charger gizmo in my bag, I can keep the phone topped off and keep Bluetooth on all the time. For me, that's the cool part.

 urlLink Pentagon Prepares a Futures Market on Terror Attacks

 urlLink HoustonChronicle.com - Continental to charge $50 for paper tickets My boss passed the dead tree version of this article to me and these are some of my thoughts: Summary of Continental Article: Continental increasing fee on traditional ticketing. Increased fees reflect higher cost of traditional ticketing. 97% of passengers use electronic ticketing now over 82% last year. Next year Contintental will discontinue traditional ticketing. Electronic ticketing costs far less experts say. Managing director for electronic marketing says 1/3 less. Continental has cut distribution costs by 20%. 2003 website sales 70% higher than 2002, expected to pass $1 billion. Continental incentivizes online ticket sales with more frequent flier miles and special one-day sales. Internet sales, electronic ticketing and self-serve kiosks offer speed and efficiency benefits. Move away from paper tickets will decrease labor, material and storage costs associated with printing. My Narrative: This article gives a broad overview of Continental's electronic ticketing and internet marketing strategy. It does not describe how electronic ticketing is significantly different from traditional ticketing. Internet promotions and electronic ticketing may seem in general to be related, but are in fact two highly different efforts. Is the move toward electronic ticketing and the changes in customer service worth the investment in kiosks and infrastructure? The article doesn't say how quickly the costs are being recouped. Is the move toward direct marketing from the airline to the consumer via the Internet good business? The article doesn't say; it doesn't look at how much new business is being generated by the website over canibalization of traditional formats of sale. The ticket concept was developed as a distributed knowledge system where the ticket, token or chit represented a reserved space on a particular flight. Back when airports were not linked to "enterprise databases" this was necessary, since the gate keepers couldn't just "look you up." The current paradigm is a networked knowledge system where your identiity has a (potentially) reserved space on a particular flight. Instead of producing a ticket, you verify your identity. Thus tickets have been going the way of the dodo for a while now. The interesting part is that it has taken so long for the ticket to go away. The reason for this probably has more to do with human factors than technical factors. People are used to having some sort of ticket to board the airplane. An airline that doesn't fit within that norm is somehow "wierd," like Southwest.

 Here's that link -- the original illustration shows the entire evolution from ape to cyborg, but they abbreviated the web version to just show the last 2 incarnations: urlLink Voice

 I'm diggin' the beehive house ... Just drove back from New Jersey ... traffic sucks. I had this idea in my head that when I moved to NYC all the radio stations would suddenly be so much better and more sophisticated or cutting edge or something but I've found it's all the same sh*t, really .. obnoxious deejays, car advertisements, morning programs about people who suspect other people of cheating on them, some 70s disco (yeah!) and just when you get into a groove then they switch to 50s surf music, but thank god, there's still NPR to listen to wherever you go.

 Hi urlLink Killy , urlLink Sendmail is a common computer program that sends and recieves email. Sendmail is not like the email program you use on your computer, though. Sendmail is designed to be the application your Internet Service Provider runs and your email program connects to Sendmail to pick up email and to send out email.

 Does responding in 'colin terms' mean I have to say stuff like "hella ?" e.g. sendmail is hella cool but hella difficult to configure piece of software used to send electronic mail .? With it you could send email directly from your machine instead of having to route it through your isp's mail server (which is prolly running sendmail too). This is probably not too useful for users like you and me and the rest of us. But if you ever get nerdy and decide that you want to be able send email between your pink and blue imacs, and your powerbook without having to be connected to the internet , enabling sendmail on your machine would be the way to do it...

 this is a great idea for a birthday present hint hint killy

 we are still moving out of the apt thanks to adolph, great headway was made this weekend he came over to babysit but baby wanted mama so he ended up helping killy move all the heavy bulky stuff so now that we are close to closing that chapter in our lives i am eagerly looking forward to the next one looking around at all the possibilities that exist for future permanent residence has brought me across some interesting articles We once fantasized about building our home urlLink This is one way to do it it would certainly be an interesting place to house my friends hmmm but we are only looking and hoping to win the texas lotto so that we can buy a house near the mfah if not we can always make a beehive house for a few thousand dollars....

 urlLink This was posted to slashdot and i wanted to know what it did.

 Hey Paul, Was it little stephen, Who came to school a few years after us? .... I couldn't remeber his last name at first, but yes, it is (not so little anymore) Stephen Donovan..."

 tag, not sure, but i got this one :: urlLink Sonnet Encore ST/G4 . i do not believe it is a zif, but not being sure what the hell that means makes me hesitant to say so absolutely. i am quite certain, however, that it is much faster, especially with the added ram. best investment i have made in a while.

 But where are the refurbs? urlLink Mac Forums - G5 Demo Units - Next Week

 Very nice! urlLink Killy's Place of Blog

 This is the poster i've been working on lately. There are still text edits to be made, though. Been having some weird printing problems with pdfs exported with acrobat 5 compatability.

 urlLink Blog This! urlLink BLOGGER : "To use BlogThis! drag the link above to your browser's links bar for quick and easy blogging. Check it out. "

 Put it in your Scenarios folder in your AOE folder.

 they upgrade you bought for your g4 is it a zif or a pci?

 where do we put the map? which file

 urlLink Ok, here is the corrected map. No more monkey boys and no more killer boars. The game is on.

 Hey guys, Has anybody put a php template file in database? As part of a current project I would like to put a mostly html template file in the db, and then call it and fill it with preset variables. This is pretty easy to do with include(). When I echo out the template from the db, it just echos it and doesn't parse for variables to fill, regardless if I do it the short way $stories or the long way . Any thoughts? Oh, and I am looking at urlLink Smarty , but didn't want to use it on this quick project.

 hurt. crushed. slighted. dave was able to call at 2 am sunday to let me know that he and paul just got back from a show in SM, but could not call at a decent hour to let me know they had plans in austin that evening? hurt. crushed.

 ...but why am I awake at 2:30 morning on a sunday/monday morning, posting this? Well, its cause Dave and I just got back from urlLink Kollective Fusion's first gallery show. The show was held in the upstairs of a building down on 6th street...a nice space all lit up good...a DJ spinning, free drinks and people dancing . It turns out that Kollective Fusion is made up of a couple of Austin designer's and artists, one of whom is Stephen ?, a fella that Colin and I played ball with back at SWT. His stuff was pretty tight- the stuff I like the most were promo posters he had done and framed, including one for a urlLink Jurassic 5 show last year. Anyhow, I had brought my camera with the idea that I would take some fotos of stuff to blog about later...but Dave had other ideas...and soon I was taking pictures of him and various of the fine and beautifuls. The gallery show ended at 10 and the after-party started up down the street at a place called 419 West (actually on 4th street). A jazz-a-billy band played some music and then a DJ started spinning and some folks even got up all freestyle which sounded pretty good... I had a good time listening to the music and watching people be what I am not, and Dave had good time talking with the lovelies....

 urlLink Supports transactions . See also urlLink official documentation . ...pablo.... Here is a urlLink link for what is by far the easiest install of mysql 4 for os x.

 Now available for the PB G4 17 at urlLink http://www.transintl.com . Pricey, but super-cool. I wonder when that one for the PB G4 12? I've heard that the PB G4 12 motherboard can't address a 1 GB chip, so we will see:

 Well lets see, what order do I put things in? Have been working pretty steady on freelance projects, got a possible job offer from Nike when I was in Texas. Got a call from the Head of Apparel graphics at Adidas yesterday and have a meeting with him on monday about a job possibility. It would be great to have it work out at Adidas, for it is up in my part of town. The last time I went by there to do some self promotion, I rode my skateboard from the house. It is all a bit unsetteling, having possibilities of a solid paycheck d-dangeled in front of you, so many times since I have been up here have people toyed with the offer - got me to salivate and do tricks - and then it all crumbles. I don't want to get my hopes up to high, but then again - fuck it - thats what the joy of hopes are. listened to some recordings of Joseph Cambell talking of the power of myths as we drove to a satelite town where there is a farm that sells organic berries, Laura snd the girls are going to make and can jelly today. end of line.

 i fixed up adolph's map. you can pick up a copy of the map urlLink here . Remember to put it in your scenarios folder , so the next time we play we can all play on that map. There is room for five players. I took out all the stuff i could find. I may or may not have gotten everything; it's a pretty complicated map. I replaced the monument in the center with the biggest pile of gold you've ever seen.

 killy, kilito and i hung out with my niece last night she is 16 and wonderful (sorry no pics to share) we had a late mellow dinner and conversation at urlLink Paddy Thai on westheimer she's like her tia in that she loves to try new foods isn't afraid of what she doesn't know i was happy to learn that she likes museums contrary to what her other aunt thought so maybe next time we can museum hop all over houston she will be here only one more weekend and then she's back home and back to school she also likes photography and dreams of one day opening a night club she has aspirations of being a dj she certainly looks the part Parabolo Woo Hoo!! Congratulations on inventing the WWW i hope you get a good offer! Killy and I are trying to win the lottery so we could buy a house on the hills overlooking the rumbling greenery of Texas Wish us luck!!! Girls So nice to hear from the girls lately!! Everyone So what good book are you reading

 So I just had a second interview with the folks from the mysterious non-profit . This time, instead of taking place in a caf in Hyde Park, the interview was the at the Austin Ventures offices on the 23rd floor of the some big-ass building downtown. Also, instead of facing just the executive-director, I had to square off with one of the board-members (a venture capitalist and frequent yawner), and a really nice 'technical-advisor.' Anyhow they pelted me with all sorts of questions like "So, it says here on your resum that you invented the World Wide Web...How do you think this experience prepares you for the brutal, ego-ridden, money-driven world of Film?" I answered all of their questions with the a labryinth of non-sequiturs that would have made the great urlLink Ari Fleischer proud.... So, now I fear that they will offer me the job and I will actually have to make a decision...

 Was beautiful beyond belief to see you all once again in such familiar and emotionaly evocative surroundings. Gives me so much to think on as to the shifts that life provides as we grow. Amazing to connect so directly to peoples cores without first having to brandish conversation with the skill of a surgeon to cut through layers of superficiality. We are back into the great northwest. Last night I awoke around 2 am to rummage through the closet and pull back out the feather blanket. Amber(NY)- tell antony I am busy as a bucktooth beaver in a balsa forrest, and will call him when my time slows a bit, congrats again. To all, If you find yourself somehow in possesion of a plane ticket and arrive in Portland, you are all welcome. me casa - you casa. end of line

 so, are you staying in town for another evening? i think we're having dinner tonight with carol's sister, but it hasn't been solidly put into the books.

 Spent the night in Adolph's apartemento. I actually miss Houston. I miss being around. Going to Empire for breakfast...Italian Toast. Then heading over to Tilman Fri-Tata...Fri-tita. Whatever.....Heading over to Mr. Landry's Mansion to finish up today's work. TAGGART

 Today i took an old video tape of Dr. K's of Laryngeal Cancer and transferred it to DV and then took it into Premiere. In between conferences tomorrow i've got to cut out all the superfluous title pages and slice the movie into six different movies to be placed into a power point talk he's giving. it's crazy looking stuff. now i know what a normal larynx and a cancerous larynx look like. I'll update this post tomorrow when i get a still. (any votes for normal or cancerous? or should i put both?) I also got yet another poster to construct. This time it's about urlLink JHACO , an organization that kinda watchdogs hospitals. The poster is supposed to reflect the processes were implementing to please organizations like them. Today we also met with an Ilford rep who brought us a 30 ft roll of satin quick-dry paper for the plotter. It's nice stuff. i printed a poster on it for comparison. It's slightly heavier and has a subtle texture to the paper. I like it better than what we're currently using. So i'm busy at work. Busy as a bee, and i still find time to chat with my good buddy paul.

 I'm spotting Elements at every corner it seems; in all different colors: burnt orange (i've seen several of those), blue (today's spotting). Carol doesn't like them; she thinks they're just ugly. I'm indifferent, but i am becoming more curious about their appeal to so many people (people here, at least.) I've discovered an advantage to living here: the checkout girls/guys at the grocery stores are super fast. For real. Today, the baby and i walked and talked with each other. He would point his hands out to the trees and streetlamps, and say, "...ah..." kinda short and abrupt with a surprised tone in his voice. There are mini magnolia trees everywhere here. He likes to touch the leaves on those trees. We also met aliya, the black retriever. If i leave work after five fifteen, i might as well leave at six. I go home straight down main. It isn't so bad (once you leave the med center) till you get past Hiram Clarke and have to sit at the light at south post oak; then, chimney rock; then, hillcroft; then, fondren; then, independence; then, the two unnecessary lights in stafford; then, the turn at 'e' street; then, the light to get onto 1092; then, the light at lexington; and the neighborhood lights and stop signs; then, the light to cross highway 6; and finally to two remaining stop signs to go to my place.

 Hey Paul , Why the mystery? Where were you walking home from?

 This is a foto of something really beautiful that I saw today while walking home from where I was.

 great amber...but we need to find a way of identifying the ambers. I get a bit confused, and resort to context clues....(that rhymes). my e-mail is ersorensen@austin.rr.com. I can't wait to read your essay! I go to a little yoga studio here where they love to say things like, "it's an undoing, not a doing" or "a life not lived within, is without." very flaky, but I love it!

 Hey everyone -- it never fails, whenever I tell people about an upcoming illustration they push it back another week -- it will be in next week's mag and I'll post a link when it goes up. It's an especially good one. Ant's work is on urlLink The I-Spot too -- just go to the website and click on "portfolios" and then search under artist's name: Anthony Freda ... there are quite a few paintings of his on there. Amber, hello! I'm so happy Adolph has found a nice girl named Amber who understands his wacky yet loveable ways!! Liz, No, Brooke is really kind of normal -- I think she was around 5'6" and she looked sort of, well, ordinary, in a boat hat with jeans -- but, I was thrilled to be the next person to sit on the toilet after her! I'll never wash my ass cheeks again ... Colin, Anthony keeps asking when are you gonna call him to talk shop (??) Liz, what's your e-mail? I'll send the longer version of that essay ..

 Hey Liz , urlLink Madeline still works at Central Market, or actually, she got another job there after not working there for a while.

 Amber, is Brook Shields bigger in real life? I imagine her as this amazon woman.

 It's so wierd to see Adolph office-izing...it really reminds me of my old office job, except Adolph's job is cooler, and he likes it! Adolph is such a stylin' office dresser I might add! Well, I REALLY can't wait to hear some Diana stories about PA school, but you'll just have to hear nursing school stories until then. Well, carolina, my pt. this week had mastitis....an infected breast....from breast feeding a 10lb baby! So that means baby planning for me has been postponed until next lifetime! I have tons more to tell, but I really don't think they're appropriate for the blog. I decided that just going to school and being a lazy student isn't enough for me, so I applied to a frivolous job at Banana Republic. 60% discount, that's better than health benefits! If that doesn't work out, I'm going for the Central Market gig, that would be so cool to work with Madeline-does she still work there? Taggart and I are going to the Bahamas next week...I am pretty clueless about the whole trip because Taggart's mother gave it to us. I think of it as an adventure. Good luck with the job hunting Paul...I'd love it if you and Eleo lived in Austin. Please tell her I said hi. Amber in NYC-loved your blog about wavelenths and frequencies and stuff...once you become aware of such patterns, it's overwhelming how they apply to everything everywhere, in every situation. The whole yin/yang...everything trying to come into balance. i love it. I'd love to read your paper when you complete it!

 Hey Paul , the mention of a urlLink new release of Hydra in urlLink Macintouch today made me think: man I wish I could have had your eyes looking at what I was doing last night. I was at Deitricks on Westheimer, so I was at a connection. I finally figured out my dumb error but it probably would have been quicker if someone outside of what I was doing could look at it. I think I want something with the IDE-ness of Project Builder, the text-editing mojo of BBEdit, and the sharability of Hydra. Maybe one day Bare Bones will get smart and license the Rendezvous sharing code from Hydra and urlLink X-Code will allow other text editors to be built in. Adolph , I think you have such a good eye for things. A Hydra-cized BBEdit would be sweet...

 You know, I never did get around to finishing the epic email detailing my trip up north. It had a bunch about Amber and Anthony and visiting Anthony's gallery show. What is really amazing from the perspective of a computer-centric person is that Anthony's art isn't computer driven. When I looked at some of it, the detail, the [whatever that French word that means real-looking], made it look like it was scans and pastes and so forth. Not so. Everything was painstakingly hand made. Afterwards we went out to a restaurant where we discussed the intrinsic values in original art and Amber saw Brook Sheilds in the bathroom.

 carol, et al: When I made a remark to Kilito about his upcoming birthday I specifically remember him saying that one of the things he really, really wanted at his birthday was a large bucket of fried-chicken . He also said that he wanted plenty of buttery-biscuits. I also seem to recall that he said something about Root Beer Floats . I'm not sure about the Root Beer Floats, that could be me projecting my own wishes on my memory, but I am positiive about the fried chicken.

 hey carol i think that is an older illustration by anthony, like urlLink this one. it seems the good folks at the Voice keep mr. Freda pretty busy. a quick search will bring up a whole bunch of his illustrations. i think a urlLink safari party is a great idea. i'l just pick up an powerbook and airport card, and we can sit around and network without wires, browse the web...

 urlLink Here is Ant-nee's art in the urlLink Village Voice . nice to see you again Adolph - we need to get together to talk about your god-son's birthday party we need to talk about some ideas Amber M We need to go shopping VERY SOON Everyone! I am thinking a picnic - I initially thought a camping trip with everyone would be nice - but Killy pointed out that it would be too hot and that the family would also want to a part of this SO I am thinking a picninc would be nice Adolph, let me know when we can get together to shoot some urlLink ideas at each other.

 urlLink Real cool video clip posted by pablo: ...sorry adolph, the video is sweet but it crushes my connection when I am looking at the blog...so I have linked to it.. Ha! That's funny, Paul . I just now got home to check it out via a 56k modem. It was actually pretty slow with a T-1 at the office too.

 Hey Amber S. does your hubby have a web-site with some pics of his work? I would love to see his stuff!

 Hey Amber , Congratulations on getting married! Anthony is so cool; you guys are so cool. I couldn't find the illustration in the Voice online. I saw one for a Michael Musto article back when the blog first started publishing and I linked to it. urlLink It is still there surprisingly enough. So give us linkages!

 I'm not setting posting records or anything, but I think Liz posts less, and she gets to be the ad-word term?

 so, the power group mark bruce hooked me up with is interested in creating a 'collaborative environment for efficient commenting on the development process' accoridng to paul, the president. i figured a forum style thing would do the trick. first i found urlLink this free php forum software . i looked at it, downloaded it, and promptly forgot about it. well, when i was poking around the adi.com control panel (mostly to discover what our users are browsing with) i saw a bulletin board icon. lo and behold, it was the same stuff, already installed, configured, the works. i just had to 'flip the switch' and it was running. so, do me a favor :: go urlLink here and play around a bit.

 Hey -- check out Anthony's cool "Evolution of Man" illustration in this week's Village Voice -- the cyborg has a cy-penis -- that Voice is soooo controversial! It comes out later this week. Also, if any of you has the newest CA (Comm. Arts Illustration Annual) -- check out the 5 illus. by Anthony Freda in 'thar ...

 Seven photo questions (the same question for each photo) vs. one boobie question. I think that's a good balance, but here's another: were you standing in the water holding a reflector, or did you do it from far away? i don't know WHERE adolph is. he came back from shreeveport on sunday, played a game of aoe, and then disappeared.

 Some houses feature different colored walls for each room. Some houses even have different themes for each room. But here at the San Marcos Artist Incubator we have gone beyond color- we feature a different smell for each room ..." "Yes, Mr. Mercado you will be staying in the 'Dead-Rat-In-Wall' room, and you, Mr. Fernandez, will be staying in the 'It-Fell-Behind-The-Stove-Before-I-Cooked-It' room..."

 By the way killy I would expect more photo questions than Bobbie questions.

 I need a place to sleep Wed and Thursday night..... I guess I should call because he didnt asnwer my blog.



 well i am determined not to fail i was disappointed that i did not wake up to jog this morning although i didn't get to sleep until about 2 am and was forced into my monday at about 6 am with enough time to bathe, drink decaf, dress and run out the door i will go jogging tonight and after killy's booby question (the boob) i will have time to do that this evening because he will spend the entire evening trying to make it up to me and will make kilito's dinner change his diaper and play with him to give me time to do my exercise yay

 First, he doesn't show up for a game of aoe. Second, he doesn't answer his phone he's supposedly monitoring for jobs calls. HAS PAUL GOTTEN A JOB AND NOT TOLD ANYONE?

 how much of the lighting in these shots did you guys 'create'?

 Diego and I did all the cooking this weekend. He was such a great help too.

 TAGGART: were those ladies boobbies fake or real?

 the suitcase info worked fine. thanks. as for the game, that makes me feel better that i wasn't just kicking you while you were down. so much for choosing the mongols, but they ARE supposed to be better hunters than other civ's. better than the chinese, at least. urlLink i've fixed the map a little . it's the same basic thing, but without the monkey boys and iron boars killing everyone is sight. i've also removed most of the walls and put a few more trees up to block certain paths. pick it up, test it out, and tell me if you like it.

 to be fair killy , i was running for cover and building up in a different area when my castle went down, not distracted by diana. my shit was scattered, my crack troops were actually crack heads, and their leader fatally disorganized. additionally, i need to learn more about the civilizations i choose. the mongols can't build farms or markets until the castle age, so food was a limiting factor in growth. btw, i sent the info you requested to your wt.net address. let me know if it works.

 Todd: Can you please drop me the info for Suitcase that we talked about this weekend? Thanks. So last night adolph, todd, and i played a game of aoe on that custom map (that NEEDS to be fixed). Adolph's villagers were killed by a rampaging boar (said boar is also a suspect in the untimely destruction of his town center as well.) Todd and I paid tributes to adolph, hoping he could manage to pick himself up. He used the dough we sent him to build an army. Unfortunately, he got caught in the crossfire of two of my castles. Adolph was doomed. Before Todd got a call from Diana (how is she by the way?) we had a fairly good time duking it out with archers. We had a couple of good battles, but then he just stopped. He never told me he got a phone call, so his castle had to go...and then, his town center as well...and then all his houses....towers, and other miscellaneous bldgs.... he came back at the end of the carnage to an empty burnt out hometown. Paul, you should have been there. I'm going to try and fix this map though, i'm going to fix all the walls. take out the monkey boys and the boars. and reposition some of the trees so it's more difficult to just walk into someones 'area'. Any other suggestions?

 You should have dumped cold water on the back of the girl getting the massage and then took the shot.



 it's just a beautiful lazy day woke up to go jogging this am back home for breakfast decaf coffee, makes me wistfull played with bb paid bills balanced checkbook fed bb played with bb put bb to nap filed bills/receipts killy left for a much needed haircut enjoying the silence, the solace, the peace read amber's excerpt very pretty and dreamy matches my mood entirely what will tomorrow bring what will my bb bring to tomorrow

 I am posting from the "Flight Path" caf in Austin. I just got done with an interview with a mysterious non-profit . It went really well. I am definitely going to have a second interview next week to meet some of the "board members." The position is pretty much exactly what I am looking for: a tech-person to solve their tech issues- including the mgmt of 12 node LAN of Macs running OS X. Beyond these light network admin responsibilities they are involved in a heavy data integration project, and struggling to get sensible, and accessible views into their data... I am really excited about this one. I think it could be the beginning of something really interesting...for all of us. that is all.

 We got up this morning at 8; that is to say, adolfo got up at 8 and mom and dad dutifully followed his energetic lead. He wakes up smiling, babbling, and going back and forth between mom and dad. He slaps us on our backs to wake us up, he sits inbetween us and babbles. If he happens to find a book in the bed that we read to him the night before, he picks that up and starts to read (chew) on it. So we were awake. We pulled on some shorts and gave the baby a quick breakfast of banana and oj (mixed with 1/2 water), and went jogging. My mother went to Taquitos and picked up tacos for everyone. By the time we got back, my mother had a bag full of tacos: barbacoa, potato and egg, bean and bacon, chorizo...she's a woman driven by grease. I love her. So we ate and was happy. Did i mention the coffee?

 how do you feel, paul? and remember, this is for posterity so...be honest. the suburbs may kill me, but it's a risk i'm willing to take for now. I'm trying to make the best of the situation that i'm in (put myself in?). Life at my mom's house is good. Her internal clock, which she's been operating on for years now, wakes her up at 4 a.m. She puts coffee on every morning, so i've had one every morning this week. that's nice. i've also had the pleasure of being taught all there is to know about washing clothes so they get 'clean'. remember clean? i mean, REALLY clean. MOM CLEAN? well, it's 24/7 these days. I'm clean as a whistle. the stains i never thought would go away are gone. we haven't had a chance to hit the parks for walks yet, but i'm looking forward to that. there is a nice bike/walking trail just down the street and a park to go with it with big soccer fields. once my weekends free themselves up i may check for pickup games. speaking of pickup games: sorry i won't be able to make it to san antonio this weekend, colin. i wish i had the time, but i just don't. i'm so sorry. i was really hoping that you were going to be able to make it to houston and check out museums and stuff. there's always next week, i guess. maybe you can make a getaway sunday. life here in the burbs isn't all that bad. i don't get to see adolph too often, and the drive is longer than i really want it to be, but i can deal with that for now. luckily i've gone to empire/brazil/diedrich's/chicken & eggroll/nikos/la mexicana/tapatia enough times to not need to go there so often anymore.

 urlLink The Village Voice: Features: Lights, Camera, Exploitation by J. Hoberman : "Lights, Camera, Exploitation "

 urlLink TransInternational has PowerBook G4 867 MHz [12-inch Screen] January 2003 1GB SO-DIMMs! Teh Radness!



 ok, i seem to be able to post, but i can't actually see the page. anyone have any ideas what's going on?

 adolfo iv has been with us for a year now... a year.... a year.... i didn't even feel it. it just washed over me, it seems. amazing. i look forward to seeing everyone at the party this weekend. it should be a blast. we've got adolph serving up Pappa's BBQ; paul bringing the ice cream and root beer; we've got a pinata all filled up and ready to go; and a nice bright saturday to look forward to. WISH LIST ADDITIONS : huggies pampers (size 4) 512 mb ram xbox shoes (size 4 or 5) lord of the rings - two towers (dvd) large plastic developer can (fits 3 120 plastic reels - used from co-op/cam exch)

 walker radio flyer wagon radio flyer push wagon clothes size 12 to 18 months where the wild things are stuffed dolls, books dr suess books art/painting books with TONS of bright colorful images activity board activity table toys appropriate for 12 to 18 months musical toys, drums, maracas, etc. urlLink ALSO: HE CLIMBS!!!!

 happy birthday! disclaimer: this birthday wish is retroactively valid for 8 months, and good for the remainder of this current year (in case your birthday has already happened this year, or will happen later in the year)

 var x = location.search; var y =new Array(); y = x.split('&'); w = y[0].split('='); myusername = w[1]; document.write(myusername) &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt; var x = location.search; var y =new Array(); y = x.split('&'); w = y[0].split('='); myusername = w[1]; document.write(myusername) &lt;/script&gt; Try it by using this link: urlLink http://killyandfriends.blogspot.com/?function=Hello%20World!

 And the display 1.8 is pretty sweet. The guy popped it open--the latch system is so smooth its architectural. Everything about it (other than being kind of big) is very very nice. Nothing cheesy about it at all. I was a fan of the Yosimite G3-G4 towers with the latch and the handles and the space for lots of internal drives and whatnot. At the same time, they're kinda toylike compared to the G5.

 urlLink 3D Gamers - Screenshot for Unreal Tournament 2004 - ut200407.jpg

 urlLink BATCH IMPORT images into PowerPoint -- The PowerPoint FAQ urlLink Radiology Cases and PowerPoint urlLink Image Importer Wizard

 urlLink Killy , Sounds like a good excuse to buy Keynote....

 Here some nice work by the boyfriend of Jenifer Compton whom some of you may remember from swt days: urlLink Mexican Chocolate Design

 i have 150 images i have to put into powerpoint. is it possible to write an apple script to do this? if so, how?

 urlLink Unstuff this file in Applications/Ghost Recon - Desert Siege/Ghost Recon Data/Mods/Mp1/save/replay to play the replay. It starts conventionally enough, a rifle and a sniper team, a bridge crossing, making sure we're all covered and the bad guys can't get behind us, then at the little gap where the bad guys always got us before, we were going to use a grenade to flush them out....ooops. Switch to the rifle team whenever the replay gets to the little gap and press F1 to watch in third person mode as the sniper team blows itself to smithereens.

 urlLink The Matrix Reloaded : "Liberated humans live in a vast underground complex called Zion, complete with elaborate life support systems for air, food, and water. Undoubtedly, these consume vast quantities of energy. So, why are the machines using people as batteries? It seems like they should simply tap into Zion's power grid."

 I think we should take a minute to reflect upon just how good a stack of pancakes is. especially for breakfast. ... in unrelated news, Dave and I went to the Austin Chronicle's Hot Sauce Festival yesterday. The event was held at Waterloo park and featured live music by Grupo Fantasma and The Derailers. it was all fun and games until Grace got Dave to try out the hottest pepper sauce on the planet . They served it to him on the end of a toothpick and thank god for that because any more of the infernal substance would have killed the poor devil...

 urlLink urlLink USATODAY.com - The Javelin missile

 I think you and most ancient peoples were onto something with the year wheel idea... This would be a good representation for projects that repeat every year, but how do you represent events that change from year to year ? Do you use a urlLink year spiral ?

 Something I've been thinking about recently is how to organize myself. Organizing oneself is one of those ackward periods in life, similar to adolescence, filled with missteps, discoveries, ... One of my discoveries is that time periods themselves are essentially cyclical, but calendars are typically represented linearly. This in part has been due to limitations in how we work with the data. From a design standpoint, it was simpler to put a calendar on a page as a grid. However, when I try to look out on my work calendar, it spans a year. It's new year is about now and the limitations of the printed calendar prevent a good visualization of how I am going to approach larger projects. Contemporary computer calendar software seems to follow this model (Outlook, iCal do at least). What I want is a urlLink Year Wheel . I think it would be really cool to take the php glue to iCal calendar data and put it into a flexible flash interface that presents a year cyclically, rather than linearly.

 i am so excited. it's 8:14 am. in about seven hours i'll be boarding a plane bound for the great northwest, and the sweetest girl i know. while i have some nagging concerns (the welfare of my plants, confused/irate clients) i am absolutely vibrating with anticipation. i feel like a six year old before christmas. i would like to take this opportunity to wish killito a wonderful birthday, with many, many happy returns. speaking of returns, i am currently planning on taking a taxi home from the airport on sunday the 31st. i figured everyone would be out celebrating labor and generally unavailable.

 The usability problem wasn&#146;t anything wrong with Flash intrinsically, it&#146;s just that we couldn&#146;t get it to feel enough like being in a browser. It was really, really hard to get the Back button working properly, and even things like letting people type in a query and launch it by pressing Enter (as apposed to clicking on a button) were a challenge. This is pretty interesting. I'm starting to work on a new interface for the Packet Pickup Application and was thinking about implementing it in Flash rather than html or dhtml.

 ...but a turkey or duck muppet wouldn't have been NEARLY as funny, nor would a movie about escaping turkeys....

 You know Paul , There are plenty of other kinds of fowl. I'd think I'd prefer turkey or duck any day of the week. Chickens have been a remarkable domesticated bird though. I wonder what other categories of animal missed out on domestication. We have Equines, Bovines, Fowl, Sheep and Goats, ...?

 I wonder how many functions of a future PHP driven urlLink ms150.org can be completed using Off The Shelf Open Source Software or Free Software? I guess I am looking for: Content Manglement E-Commerce Banner Ads Event Participant Teaming Up

 We're still working on captions....

 I can't wait to see Adolph and Amber's fotos...Maybe we'll get a chance to see a presentation at the birthday party? I think taggart and I will go to barton springs today...We definitely haven't taken advantage if that fountain of youth enough this summer! Tubing anyone? Before the summer is over we should hit the comal or the san marcos river. School starts in one week-back to "old naked lady bathing" and another atempt at catheterization. "hello nurse!" Anybody have a favorite candidate for election 2004?

 a world without chickens? I mean, that would be pretty horrible. Even if you don't like to actually eat chickens, a world without unfertilized chicken eggs with which to make wonderful pastries and pancakes and not to mention mayonaise would be a pretty sad.

 Where are the PICS Adolph?

 Thanks for reminding me. I'm uploading them this afternoon and Amber and I are set to do some captioning this evening. We shot a little over 250 frames and Amber took 4 camera movies. One of the "lessons learned" at weeks end was to make sure your camera's timestamps are synchronized. If you don't do that, you can't just sort by time, you have to manually sort everything.

 so, no pictures adolph? a whole week in mexico and you come back telling us about a nikon? where is your head?

 From urlLink http://www.robgalbraith.com/ urlLink the Nikon D2H sounds cool: In addition, the Ambience Light Sensor (shown at left)is able to detect the flicker of artificial lights such as fluorescent, mercury vapour and the like. The flicker is really a strong shift in the colour being emitted by the light source during each on/off cycle (there are usually 50-60 such cycles each second). As it has been explained to us, once flicker has been detected, the AWB system compensates by applying a different balance frame-by-frameas needed to counteract the per-cycle colour shift. Egads, if this works it could be of tremendous benefit to sports shooters in particular, since the colour shift really only becomes nasty at action-stopping shutter speeds (1/60 is typically the threshold; above that you'll increasingly experience the problem).

 it was great to see everybody this past weekend. hope you all had a wonderful time, enjoyed catching up, and dieing like men on the field of honor. i think i caught dave's creepin' funk, as my snot runneth over. it's gonna be a busy week as i try to wrap everything up before heading out the the pacific northwest to see my goose. wish me luck.

 that was totally beautiful amber. really. i wish so much i could have read that in the new yorker.

 Hi -- I love this photo of the blackened skyline. The power came on again most places by 5 a.m. this morning, but the subways and trains will not be running again until tonight, so no one could commute to work, really, which is why we got a "snow day"! I tried calling you, Carol, a little while after it happened but the cell phone lines were jammed -- I called you at work and heard you say hello, I said hello twice and then the line went dead. -A

 beautiful little essay how are you doing this you guys have power already??? i hope so glad to hear you survived the night i can't picture ant-nee hopping around

 SNOW DAY IN AUGUST Its not very often that one gets a snow day in August, but today it was virtually impossible for most New Yorkers to get to work, making it the largest snow day, or power blackout in U.S. history. Where were you when it happened? That is the topic of everyones conversation on the streets throughout the city. It was 4:10 p.m. and I was getting a signature from someone verifying that his plants had been taken care of for the day. He looked out at the digital clock at Penn Station to get the time so he could make a note of what time I had been there. Damn clocks out, he said. Just then, someone yelled down that the power had gone out in the building. Must be something going on at Penn Station, he said. Probably another bomb scare. I started walking toward the office when I noticed people were suddenly spilling out of all the office buildings nearby. People were frantically waving down taxis. Powers out all over the city, I heard someone say. A cop was standing on the corner of 34th and Seventh Ave. busily fielding questions from passersby. I asked him if the subways were still running. Yeah, they have their own generators, so service shouldnt be affected, he said. I walked over to the A-C-E subway entrance and looked down the stairs. It was all dark down there and I could here a Metro Transit worker on the intercom below, Everyone stay perfectly still! No one move!! Were going to get you all out of here as soon as we can, but everyone has to be quiet and stop moving! Bad idea, I decided, and began to scan around for taxis. A few of them were still empty, but they were filling up fast. Then I noticed the traffic was coming to a standstill. Suddenly, I realized there were 9 million other people on the sidewalks with me and we were all trying to get out of Manhattan! Ill get there faster walking, I thought, and started to steer myself in a northeasterly direction. I walked 25 blocks north and seven avenues east, passing by Times Square, Grand Central, and Bloomingdales on my way to the 59th Street bridge. People were very calm, almost too calm, I thought, considering this looks eerily like September 11 all over again. Still, it was a blessing to be surrounded by so much level-headedness in a situation where mob mentality could have easily ruled the day. Lots of people simply congregated outside of their office buildings, talking and smoking as though waiting for the power to come back on any minute. Not me, I thought, the last place I want to be right now is Manhattan, and kept walking. Manhattan may be the only city in the U.S. where there are more pedestrians and mass-transit users than there are automobiles, a fact that quickly became evident as the amount of people on the sidewalks surged and overflowed onto the streets, taking up entire lanes of traffic with their thronging multitudes the huddled masses yearning to be free. People were in good spirits, smiling, even cracking jokes, stopping to buy ice cream from the traveling ice cream van (in times of crisis, business can be very good for a few ice cream vendors were particularly fortunate on this 94 degree August day without air-conditioning). As I approached the 59th Street bridge, I was quickly enveloped in such a mass of people as I had never seen before. I had caught glimpses of this sort of mass gathering at a few rock concerts, but this stretched the entire length of the 59th Street bridge, from Manhattan to Queens, on both the upper and lower levels. Were packed in like sardines, someone said good-naturedly. Great, I thought, just where I want to be, suspended 100 feet above the churning waters of the East River with hundreds of thousands of people and hundreds of cars packed in as tight as they could be. It looked sturdy though, no swaying beams or shuddering wires, so on we went. Again, the swarms of people outnumbered the cars, shutting down two of the four lanes of traffic on the bridge after they had completely filled up the pedestrian crossing area and overflowed into and between lanes of traffic. The cars were moving much slower than the people at that point. The people in their cars obliged us all by turning up their car radios to the news stations, so we could hear snippets of information on the long walk home. All of New York is without power and parts of New Jersey, Connecticut, Michigan, and Canada. The mayor says it is not terrorism. People are stuck on subways all over the city, including tunnels underneath the East River. Teams of Metro Transit authorities are working together to get everyone out in the pitch dark conditions. Two hours later, I had made it across the bridge and up Northern Boulevard to our apartment in Astoria, Queens. Anthony hopped around excitedly, showing me the battery-powered light globes he had set around the apartment to keep things well lit throughout the night. We listened to a battery-powered radio, each of us connected to an ear-plug, off and on for several hours. Later, after dusk had fallen, we climbed up to the roof of our apartment. For the first time ever, we could see stars lit up over New York City. Theres the Big Dipper! Anthony said, Ive never in my life seen the Big Dipper before in the city. We could also see the Manhattan skyline, for once dark and silent as obelisks against the lighter blue-black of the night sky. Only the U.N. had lights on, backed by their own internal generators. The Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building were completely dark and strange looking. A few red air traffic lights blinked red on the roofs of some of the skyscrapers. Everything else was quiet and calm. And for one night, the first in nearly a century, the city slept.

 So I was really happy to have seen my little brother up in Austin the other night. As I mentioned in a previous post he came into to town with the San Diego band urlLink Album Leaf . He was the manager for the month long tour that took the band as far as Chicago and Atlanta. By the time they got to Austin they were pretty worn out, but still had eneogh energy to put on a good show... So, as usual I came away from the visit full of love and music. My brother also hooked me up with some of his new stuff....which I encourage you to check out urlLink here . This urlLink track is an older song of his....

 So, the Merovignian married to Persephone in Matrix 2 took the child from the Mother (who is yet to be revealed) and the Father (who is the Architect) and Neo is to get the child back to the Mother in order to bring life back to Earth. HMMMM Some more interesting tidbits urlLink here .

 so i did it all wrong, but i did it. flipping movies 180 degrees with premiere was easy once i found the palette to do it, but it wouldn't export flipped. i was rendering the workspace and then i was trying to export. the resulting file was always right side up. It was totally frustrating. Paul suggested that i get up and walk away; that i was overlooking something totally obvious. maybe. so i stopped working on it at 3:30 and moved to getting a poster printed instead. I left for the day and ended up playing with adolfo iv most of the evening. We had chili dogs for dinner. Carol piled hers high with tomatoes, onions, cheese, and chili; while i had mine with a good slathering of mustard. The baby fell asleep and we both stayed up watching 'third rock' (the funniest sit-com re-run ever). My body demanded that sleep an extra hour and a half today, so i did. Once i got to work, i returned to the video flipping project. I waded throught my hierarchy (sp?) loooking for my file and i noticed a temp folder had been created where there hadn't been one before. Had i missed something? In that folder were all the 'rendered' movies i had made! they all had fienames that resembled: jlsju0003002010030409lalk.avi. Once i figured out which were which, i just renamed them, took them back into premiere, and exported them so the file sizes were a little smaller. Perfect!

 At first, I actually had to touch a computer in order to cause it to malfunction/break -e.g my ibook. Then, merely being in the room with it seemed to the trick, e.g. killy's blue imac. After recieving the following email, I now realize that I am able to destroy even remote machines. It seems my evil-voodo works over tcp/ip... I mean, I have only been set up at Verve for 5 days and boom my particular server goes up in smoke. To: paulmercado@yahoo.com Subject: Emergency Server Maintainence From: Administrator Earlier this evening the cpu on mackinac.vervehosting.com overheated, causing the server to shut down. The server is back on line now but the cpu cooling fan will need to be replaced. This replacement is scheduled to begin shortly, and is expected to take 15 minutes to 1 hour to complete. I apologize for any inconvenience this has caused you. Please check the announcements section at http://support.vervehosting.com for further updates. Christine Verve Hosting [4.0.2 Build 7.1 T(S|E)]

 Forget about it. Tacos???? Sorry man but Tacos you can get anywhere? There is a ceiling on Taco Greatness right? However the French Toast at Truco 7 is something I dream about almost everymorning. So are thier Enchalada Moles. There is also a restaurant right around the corner from Casa Kloster( if you are facing the Kloster it is to your right and up the stairs....they have an awsome nopalito salad. Yogurt con fruta at El Cafe (next to Teatro Juarez) and some coffee is also bueno. The quesadias in the Square with the Huge Shapley Trees are pretty good too. Damn I wish I would have gone there instead of the STINKING BAHAMAS!!!!!!! Enjoy!!!! LOVE The Sorensens

 i can't belive you had to turn it again, FOR THE CLICKER. why don't you just buy yourself a dell, adolph? looking over the teatro juarez?! beautiful. i know that carol wants to go there again so bad. i think we may try to make the trip in late september for carol's birthday. It would be nice to take a few days off and leave 'the boy' with grandma. MAKE SURE YOU DROP IN ON NINI, THE NICEST LADY YOU'LL EVER MEET! I'LL TRY TO GET YOU HER ADDRESSS IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT ALREADY. If you make it to the Calle de los Besos (name???) they kids will stop you and try to tell you the whole story behind the name of the street. don't bother listening, it takes too long, it's all in spanish (most likely), and they just want money for telling you a story. Might sound kinda cute on paper, but it's just plain annoying when you're there. buy tacos adolph. tacos, tacos, tacos...

 But why Taggart? Is it that there is a Freeport, Texas too and everyone to whom you say "Ive just gotten back from Freeport," thinks "Yeah, Lake Jacksons _real_ nice too..."? -Adolph (logged in as Amber)

 We got here yesterday and everything is really great. (Delayed a day as "volunteers" for the airline for which we were each recompensed with a ticket voucher and a night at the charming airport Holiday Inn (with a leaky air conditioning and an immense (sic) bed) and used the extra day to buy socks and underwear and drop the PB off at the Apple store for the clicker yet again) Staying at Casa Bertha. Taxi from airport directly to Gto was pretty cheap and very fast. No travel hassles. Immagracion did spot the banana and two apples Amber was trying to import into Mexico "No, no," the guy said. He missed Adolphs snicker bar. Casa Bertha has a fantastic roof-top terrace facing Pipilo and overlooking the Teatro Juarez et all. The internet cafe were at loves heavy metal, it is the one on Alonzo near Casa Kloster. More and pics later. --Adolph and Amber

 I will make this as brief as possable( then give you the longer more drawn out version when I have recovered). NEVER EVER, even if you mother buys the trip for you, go to Freeport, Bahamas........there are 40 islands that make up the Bahamas but as far as that one is concerned dont bother. Love Taggart

 So Dave and I went up to the urlLink gallery lombardi last night to check out the Erotica art show. There was a pretty good turnout (I suspect it had something to do with all of the pictures of naked men and women on the wall) and people seemed to be really enjoying themselves, despite some of the live music. Some of the art-work was pretty good. There was a wide range of style and media-from video to colloge, to photography, to drawring and oil-painting. There was even some 'new media' stuff by our buddy urlLink Dean Nixon .

 OK So I had a dream In my dream we were all fiending about this game that is a cross between chess and AOE some board game anyway Adolph had this great idea about holding a game on a bridge that was under construction on the outskirts of town well Killy and I carried out the plan we somehow managed to get a hold of tuxedos for everyone and these pass card id tags that we had to wear around our neck with lanyards so we got these things and using them we each managed to get a hold of a black four door full sized sedan car one for each of us We used these cars to drive out to the bridge the bridge was really cool the entire thing was broken up into huge sections about a half a block long each section was suspended in the air by a giant crane the pieces were suspended over a big river at the edge of town and this was the ideal place to have a game So Todd was ultra-paranoid that someone would catch us Adolphs suit was wrinkled everyone else was setting up the game when Todd saw the trackers at the same moment they saw us There they are! they pointed at us and started running towards us to get us we had the upper hand not only did we have these really cool tuxedos and id tag lanyards we had these super cool remote control super cars since a car couldnt simply drive on the bridge remember it was still under construction and suspended in pieces over the river we used a really narrow bridge that resembled a catwalk that ran parallel to the big bridge to drive to the center of it so now we were on the run the cars were in remote control and started driving forward the narrow bridge was wide enough to hold the width of one car with the doors closed so we all had to run forward following our remote control cars toward the other side where the road opened in order for us to open the doors to get in it was really exciting the bridge swaying these crazy men in black suits chasing us in our tuxedos we running and jumping over the gaps between the bridge chunks a very cool action adventure dream I was amazed at Adolphs speed

 There's an island at the easternmost tip of Long Island, where the southern and northern forks split off from one another, about 3 hours away from the city, called Shelter Island. The only way to get there is by ferry and as you approach the island, it is the epitome of picturesque east coast loveliness: sailboats on the horizon, a breeze blowing in the air, a great swathe of green ahead on the island itself, as your eyes scan the water in hopes of catching a glimpse of seals as they migrate here sometimes. Some more reflections: The sky was full of jellyfish clouds, The sea was golden hay. We lost our way on winding roads That swam like fish away And gleamed silver in the light Hoping not to be found again In the cool freedom of water Where all motion and sound Muffles and fades and here at last you escape yourself so you can find yourself in the shade of Shelter Island.



 I am saddened by this news. I am vexed; truly vexed.

 to the family chavez it is with sincerest regrets that i inform you of my inability to attend your darling lovely wonderful son's brithday festivities. i am looking at plane tickets (the paper kind urlLink adolph ) that, if used, will have me up in the pacific northwest on the aforementioned day of festivities. as much as i like pinatas, ice cream floats, etc. duty calls, and i must answer. not every man would volunteer for a ten day vacation in natural splendor with a beautiful woman, but i think i am up to the challenge. how could i do otherwise?

 OK! Paul is in charge of Root Beer Floats!

 We need a piata! And root-beer floats!

 so the party is on and planned. make sure you all clear your calendar for AUGUST 30TH... DON'T MAKE ANY OTHER PLANS FOR THIS DATE.

 This weekend we went inside the apt for the final time. Carol had remembered that our electric drill was in one of the drawers (along with a roll of foil, plastic wrap, and a box of sandwich bags). We figured we would get it when we picked up the car (something i've been dreading to do.) We woke up WAY too early this morning. The baby was poking at my face and saying "da" at about 6:15. He grabbed at my nose and scratched me, so i put him off the bed. After a few seconds of standing against the side of the bed, he crawled towards the door, opened it and crawled out into the hallway, where my mother quickly picked him up and wisked him off to the living room. I slept for another fifteen minutes before i woke up. Coffee was already made. Carol woke up and made french toast and eggs (heart shaped - i should have taken a picture). It was delicious. We put the baby in the stroller and took a walk around the neighborhood. It was warm yet pleasant, but only because i know how hot it's going to get in the afternoon. The sidewalks here are nice: smooth and long. The trees that line the majority of the streets here are hardly old enough for their roots to have developed a taste for sidewalk concrete. They provide a patchy shade as we walk between them. I don't kow what kinds of trees these are. It is as if they are peeling their skin off, revealing a dark orange inside. Many have big knots from where a branch has been torn off, from one of the many prunings these trees get. My mother, on a previous walk, had mentioned that that was one of the reasons why she loved this neighborhood: they kept up with the trees. On our way back we passed through a long gap that runs immediately behind the houses that my mother's house faces. In this gap there is a wide white sidewalk and, posted alongside it are massive electricity poles. I would imagine that if you stood out there in the evening (or even on a quiet sunday morning) you might be able to hear the crackly hum of electricity flowing through the wires they support. We got home and immediately went to the apartment for the car and other misc. things we had forgotten. The car sounded horrible at startup, but made the trip fine. I had all sorts of fantasies on my way to sugarland about changing out the fuel filter and the oxygen sensor; about getting the engine and muffler replaced; about getting the god-awful smell out of that car; about getting its up-to-date inspection and registration; so that i can get back on the road with MY car. The car i paid for. The car i used to drive my baby son home from the hospital. The first car i bought with my wife. The car i owned when Dezma was born. It was caked with dirt. I hadn't touched it since we bought the Honda (february?) I detailed both cars this afternoon. It was hot - africa hot - iraq hot - fire in my pants hot - ...and we never got to watch the movies we rented.

 Hey Paul , You may have seen urlLink this on the urlLink O'Reillynet blogs but in case you didn't, check urlLink it out.

 function getStyleObject(objectId) { if(document.getElementById && document.getElementById(objectId)) { return document.getElementById(objectId).style; } else if (document.all && document.all(objectId)) { return document.all(objectId).style; } else if (document.layers && document.layers[objectId]) { return document.layers[objectId]; } else { return false; }}function changeObjectVisibility(objectId, newVisibility) { var styleObject = getStyleObject(objectId); if(styleObject) { styleObject.visibility = newVisibility; return true; } else { return false; }}function hideAll(){ changeDiv("menu","none"); changeDiv("reset","none"); changeDiv("1_questions","none"); changeDiv("2_questions","none"); changeDiv("3_questions","none"); changeDiv("4_questions","none"); changeDiv("5_questions","none"); changeDiv("6_questions","none"); changeDiv("7_questions","none"); changeDiv("8_questions","none");}function changeDiv(the_div,the_change){ var the_style = getStyleObject(the_div); if (the_style != false) { the_style.display = the_change; }} Reset

 urlLink Todd , This is pretty easily accessed by putting the following in any .php page: &lt;?php phpinfo(); ?&gt;

 to those who are interested i just discovered the complete specs concering urlLink the php config on chairjockey. thought a few of you might like that info.

 i am putting the finishing touches on the JCAHO poster today, as well as waiting for Dr. N to pay me a visit. He's got a (really really really) cool surgery video that i've got to slice up for him to put into power point. Also, on chapter 4 (or 5 - can't remember) of the photoshop master class book i've been working on. On page 75 of the Walker Evans biography, and i'm taking one last walk through the apt today. we've got to get all the miscellaneous stuff out before the weekend. saturday is a yard sale at my mom's house, along with a mini bbq for whoever manages to get up down here. If it's just me and the kid and the wife, though, that would be fine too. saw adaptation last night. loved it.

 At home tonight before I sit down to do some work. I love my new powerbook. I don't come close to using all the programs that it looks like you all have going. The catologue project I am doing is going well, over one hump into the valley of the next rising mountain. Kids are all alive. Laura is down stairs painting. I like the colors in the posted painting, paul. Little killy looks------bigger. Funny how that works. blagh hello end of line.

 urlLink css Zen Garden: The Beauty in CSS Design

 St. Louis I will be heading out to St. Louis in a couple of weeks with my grandpa, and my old man. We will be attending a reunion of the 8th Air Force 491'st Bomber Group. Any body ever been to Saint Louie? Is there anything out there that I should check out?

 urlLink Fontainebleau Hilton Resort , reads like such a nice place, such an ugly website...

 They have an "American Splendor" exhibit at the urlLink Cartoon Art Museum . I am think I want to see the movie before the exhibit. They also have a Marc Chagal exhibit at the urlLink San Fran Museum of Modern Art . Last time I went the admin was a bit pricey but the museum was nice.

 Are you still in Cali? I will be in San Fran Sun thru Tue if want a place to crash...will be able to hang out Sun but the rest of the time will be shooting. Just thought I would let you know.

 urlLink Taggart I think you are refering to urlLink Something Awful . Yes, I drop by SA and urlLink Fark now and then. About today's awful link: The site we are going to take a look at today is a German furry music site called "Jumpy's Music". Furries playing musical instruments is just one of many bad ideas that the internet spawns daily.

 American Splendor After seeing 'Lost in Translation' stick around the theater for next showing of urlLink American Splendor . Even though I was clearly under the influence of free popcorn I can honestly say that I really enjoyed the movie. I recommend it highly, especially to those who have vast creative potential, energy, resources and tools, and who spend a long part of their day bored at a desk in a hospital...

 What about that really awfull site where that guys picks on little kids artwork and basically spends his spare time hating the world. I went and saw Lost in Translation last night.........highly recommend that you go do the same.

 . . . via email what blogs do I read. Well, between feverishly hitting refresh over at urlLink MacRumors I keep up with the urlLink Awful Plastic Surgery weblog.

 Scooped this one from urlLink Zeldman urlLink

 ...is no longer on my desk! Funny, not ten minutes after i read adolph's post my boss comes into my office and tells me that they no longer need the files that were 'lost' on the mac; they had been found on a cd. So.... the old mac was promptly removed from my office and sent to the warehouse to die a lonely death. Thanks for the offer adolph. As for donating the imac: can't do that....the blue mac is my sister's imac (yes, i have to go and pick it up) and the pink mac is on its way to the valley this thanksgiving when we visit fidel. Captain Pinky winky is being re-assigned to what might as well be the Antartic.

 Mr. Burns wants you to vote republican! urlLink urlLink a dthree production

 Hey Killy, I have some old adb keyboards and mice and the portrait monitor. You can borrow them. Also, your iMac is still at my place. Are you going to ship that down to the valley someday? If not, I could definitely put it to work at the NMSS and you could bet a tax write-off for donating it...

 so paul, do you have a job?

 Darth Vader wants you to vote republican! urlLink urlLink a dthree production

 Hey carol, happy birthday!

 thanks for all the suggestions. I'm going to try to follow as many 'on-site' leads as i can. There are some depts (namely, physics) that use Macs all the time, so i may be able to get my hands on an old monitor from there, or at least a converting cable - we'll see. Yeah, it's got an ethernet port. I don't forsee a prob actually getting the files off, just getting file sharing turned on! JUST THOUGHT OF THIS!!!! - i also need an old mac mouse! I THREW THEM OUT!!!! ARGH!

 urlLink Killy, One of my old portraitt displays ought to work fine. There are inexpensive adapters that allow you to use old-skool mac video (db-15) with regular vga. Does this computer have ethernet or something you can use to transfer old files off of it?

 Hey man sorry to hear about your performa probs.... As I understand it, It happens to every man at some point in their life. Yeah So yes to connect a current monitor to a old mac you will need an adapter of you will need an old mac monitor. ....... I have no idea where you could get one....maybe a mac wherehouse or maybe even at Microcenter there in Houston. Maybe Adolph's Good Luck. T

 urlLink

 This is so cool: urlLink Boston.com Software turns phone into walkie-talkie

 just a urlLink very very very cool problem . I've always loved physics.

 I've got a Performa that i have to pull the files off of. I don't have a monitor for it (not even a power cable).... my question: can i use any monitor or do i have to have a specific 'mac monitor' as my boss describes it?

 Hey guys, this article is a must-read on how to defeat urlLink Bush

 Paul , This is very interesting: urlLink Laszlo - Laszlo Tutorials

 I am back from dallas....... I am very sad to hear about Ben.....I even asked about him while I was hanging out with the Gholson's. Damn.

 This is a report from San Diego- this foreign place: Read: urlLink King Of The World: Muhammad Ali and the Rise of an American Hero Watch: urlLink Blue (Trois couleurs:Bleu) 1993 Krzysztof Kieslowski Listen to: urlLink Bring the Pain - Missy Eliot and Method Man

 urlLink PC4P - PDF Class for PHP This looks very promising.

 urlLink

 . . . in the PowerBook market right now, otherwise I would have that "hmmm, how do I justify buying..." feeling about Apple's displays. The new 12" still has the dongle connector, just like the old 12" and the iBook, urlLink but now it is "mini-DVI out." In my 12, the video out is VGA; it works with the good old analog standard. Apple's urlLink current displays are available only in ADC, or Apple's proprietary digital video connector for which there is a DVI to ADC connector. So with the new Powerbook G4 12", you can run a Cinema Display. ( . . . on the other hand, my old PB may be able to use one of the adapters to get DVI out . . . )

 Happy Birthday to Adolph!?

 urlLink New Scientist: The Last Word Science Questions and Answers

 very sad about Ben-I'll never forget Killy's dog sitting stories, about placing the newspaper "just right."

 BEN, kerri and kris' lovable dog, was struck by a car about two sundays ago. Anyone have any old pics of ben around?

 Any thoughts? urlLink a dthree production

 That this is the year of the urlLink powerbook !

 Any thoughts? urlLink a dthree production

 urlLink Asian Girls Kickin' Ass

 the end of an era.

 Fun with CSS. Check out: urlLink The No Tables Gallery for the ultimate in all css, no-tables , no-page reload, gosh-i-hope-your browser-supports-this-feature version of my gallery....

 so is he going to sue these guys or what? on a more serious note: where can we get this book?

 urlLink Good to see that Abram is still around agitating. Killy , do you remember Abram?

 urlLink Blogger bucks premium-services trend | CNET News.com

 I've been getting up to speed with css for the 2004 BP MS 150 site and have started to discover how challenging browser quirks are. At first, I thought totally using em as a measurement was the way to go. When you look at the urlLink Em Measurements page in Safari, everything scales up and down when the user increases or descreases the overall font size. An em is a unit of measure based on the size of a font and changes based on the size of the font. This is really nice. However, Internet Explorer does behave the same way. Instead of resizing the position of any block defined by an em measurement, it keeps the blocks in the same place and stuff gets yucky. Today I'll be checking them out in Windows browsers. Below are a few experiments: urlLink Em Measurements urlLink Mixed Measurements urlLink Mixed Measurements 2 urlLink No Stylesheet

 on my way home there is an island with a row of meticulously spaced trees planted in it. In these trees a horde of black birds gather at sunset. If you drive by (maybe on your way to blockbuster or even kroger) with your windows down you can hear them cawing at each other. If you walk by the area you can see the white caked bird poop spotting the road, sidewalk, and grass. What you also see are feathers -- seemingly hurled to the ground, like darts, the way they poke out of the ground. Pictures soon.

 urlLink Listamatic ; very nice; spotted on urlLink zeldman.com .

 Any thoughts? urlLink Rumsfeld's War on Diplomacy urlLink The Message, The Money, The Masses

 urlLink This is a pretty interesteding use of flash to make headlines on urlLink espn.com . One Of Those Days "; document.write(SOB.render()); //--> One Of Those Days

 History "La Quinceanera" The tradition of the quinceanera comes from ancient Mexican society. The origin of the quinceanera can be traced back to the Aztecs about 500 B.C. Purpose: Fifteen was the age at which boys became warriors and girls were also presented to the community because they were looked upon as the vital force of the tribe and its future since they had the power to become mothers and to give future warriors to the tribe. The fifteen-year old Aztec girl was exhorted and instructed by the King in the duties of womanhood, and the funeral honors for an Aztec woman who died in childbirth were the some as those for a warrior who fell in battle. In Mexican society, the quinceanera evolved into a rite of social initiation intended to teach and to reinforce important cultural values. In modern times a quinceanera is celebrated to acknowledge a young maiden's passage into womanhood. The ceremony is a reaffirmation of the baptismal vows made by her parents.

 Happy birthday Killy!

 This is a test of a cocoa blogging tool I am writing in objective-c. Does it work? Now I am testing to see if I can edit a post....and does html work?

 urlLink Hey Paul , Untruths do not exist.

 urlLink Netcraft Uptime Survey Last login: Wed Sep 3 20:41:08 on console Welcome to Darwin! [Adolph-Trudeaus-Computer:~] adolph% time 0.040u 0.000s 0:02.14 1.8% 0+0k 64+4io 0pf+0w [Adolph-Trudeaus-Computer:~] adolph% uptime 1:27PM up 16 days, 4:38, 2 users, load averages: 0.21, 0.24, 0.17

 I just finished reading Al Franken's latest: urlLink Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them . It is really, really funny. It is also really disturbing. One wants to hope that the lies he exposes aren't true. I know that sounds odd.

 urlLink MacInTouch Home Page: Apple/Macintosh news, information and analysis : "Apple documents an odd Open Firmware password problem in a new Knowledge Base article: If you used Open Firmware Password utility to create a password that contains the capital letter 'U', your password will not be recognized during the startup process (when you try to access Startup Manager, for example). "

 urlLink Power Mac G5 Saw this on urlLink www.xlr8yourmac.com . Very nice pics. Afterwards the photographer has a link to a PC using friend's urlLink parody web site .

 well, i tried to open your 'officizing' swf in qt pro, and that won't work. i guess, it was made post qt 5. anyway, when i double clicked the swf from the desktop, it launched flash and was there on the timeline as if i had the original flash (.fla) file. I thought that was weird; i expected flash player to launch and play the swf itself. Anyway, from there i exported the movie to qt (and qt video; there are two choices). When i exported to quicktime, it cancelled the export and said there was something up with my version of qt (as if it were too old). When i exported it as a qt 'video', it exported but came out chopped. The words 'officizing' were chopped off and the right side was also chopped. Weird. Any ideas....?

 urlLink Saving SWF's as AV The easiest thing is to open the swf in quicktime player pro (version 5 or earlier swf) and then export to an avi.

 anyone: is there anyway to save an swf to an avi? prolly, the first thing you are thinking is, "why would you want to do that anyway?" The reason is, cause my boss asked me to. (I'm pretty sure the final destination is powerpoint -- it's ALL ABOUT POWERPOINT here at MDACC.) I pulled down adolph's 'officizing' swf from chairjockey, and tried to open it in various apps that i have. None would open it, save internet explorer (which, of course, has the plug-in to play swf), but couldn't save it/export as a different file. Is there anyway to do it without having flash software? also: does flash have the ability to save as mov/avi?

 I want to thank everyone so much for making Killito's first birthday party such a wonderful success. I'll try and post some of the photos later tonight. I don't think i got any video unfortunately; adolph's "try it with the blast shield down" pinata poses were classic. If only he could master 'the force' could he have managed to hit the thing at least once. Luckily, Barbara and Stephanie were there to rip the thing apart, dumping a load of candy and toys on the grass below. The kids scrambled and came away with gift bags BULGING. Carol was happy.

 I saw the below interview when reading this: urlLink Tables vs CSS

 So far, I think the footer at ms150.org works okay, but I still havn't found an elegant CSS solution for putting images in text that works with IE... urlLink An Interview With Mike Davidson of ESPN (Part 2) : "Positioning footers is a huge Achilles heel of absolute positioning. It is ridiculous that you cannot embed three absolutely positioned columns within a master div and then position a footer below that master div. This is a well known problem of absolute positioning and there are a few workarounds, none of which are very elegant."

 urlLink ADC Compatibility Labs, Cupertino Paul, you should bring Paper Lantern in to test compatibility. Cupertino is right up the road in California, right?

 Success! Holy Smokes they bought it! My brother and I just got back from our meeting with the editor and art director of the mag. They wrote us a check then and there! Also, the meeting was funny because my brother had just gotten back from a dental appointment and half his face was numb so he couldn't really talk very well and every tim he would try to interject it sounded really funny. funny ha ha. Anyhow we celebrated by getting some kick-ass chicken schwarma at the lebannese bakery down the street. Thanks again for your help! Who knew you could actually get paid for staying up until 4:30 am every night for 2 weeks hunting down semi-colons and apostraphes...

 Taggart, a URL would help. In general, if the img height and width selectors are greater than the image, then pixelization can occur. {Update:} Oh, I get it, nevermind...

 The Haunted SUV Todd , I think that you should get an engineer from Disney to install the same mirror technology in your truck that they use in the "Haunted Mansion" (you know, the one where you look in the mirror and between you and the other person in your car there appears to be a horribly disfigured or othewise scary ghost/zombie/undead creature). Imagine how funny it would be the next time the neighborhood youth kid guy checks his hair in the morning! It would be a lark! Oh shit, did I just say just use the word 'lark'? Dear God. Also, you could make up a story about how the SUV is haunted by the mangled souls of the Automobile and Oil company executives who were responsibile for the earth wreckingly poor gas mileage of said autombiles. Also, the SOB who came up with the term 'Sports Utility Vehicle' would be known to haunt the truck too. But he would only come out on the 5th full moon of every month. Also, thank you everyone for taking the time to look at the urlLink fahrenheit demo for me. I really, really appreciate it! Also, I should mention that both the images and and article body html (fonts) are data imported from past issues Also, Happy Halloween!

 My gosh, i'm crying... Todd, that was the most beautiful website ever. My gosh....and that isn't even saying anything about the photographs. my gosh, i'm stunned.

 I noticed that too... Paul: I noticed the images too, but figured it wasn't all that important since it was just a presentation piece. I figured what was really important was the functionality of it. It worked nice for me. Todd: Sorry i wasn't around last night. I, once again, had a headache from hell. I slept in the car on the way home and was in bed by 9. Taggart: Another apology goes out to taggart for missing adolph these last couple of days before he takes off for austin. I wasn't able to get the disks to him to drive to austin for those of you who are interested in upgrading to 10.3. I just upgraded my sister's computer last night (archive and install) but wasn't there to see it finish. I put disk 1 in the computer and had my sister finish the rest.

 go here urlLink this is a really interesting photography site. you should go see it.

 I saved these screen shots at size and hopefully they will convey my problem. The quality of the images need to be ramped up. While looking at the pages full screen the images went fuzzy. Either I made sense or I just made myself look like an ass.

 cars as mirrors i do pretty much the same thing every morning. i drag my ass out of bed, take a vitamin (because diana loves me) drink some water, urinate, head downstairs to make coffe. since i make a point of being 'in my chair' by 8:00 i frequently have my last cigarette just before 8:00 out on the front porch. every morning a young man, presumably a high school student, follows the sidewalk in front of the house down to the bus stop. he invariably comes to a halt in front of the large, curved rear window of my truck, checks his hair for a minute or two, then continues on his way. this amuses me. paul : fahrenheit looks very good. everything works/appears intentional. if i had any complaints they would be minor, like the numerous type styles used for different articles. good work. adolph : you are a punk. posted with paper lantern.

 Fahrenheit Preview urlLink If anyone has a couple of minutes please checkout urlLink this site for me and let me know what you think / if there are any glaring bugs or problems. I am presenting it tomorrow, along with the urlLink admin section which you are welcome to browse as well. Thanks! Also, the archive , i saw u ,and classified sections are disabled. urlLink &lt;------------- Getting this was a major pain in the @#$@! urlLink

 Carol you are such a generous mommy to all your babies -- we're all lucky to have you with your gigantic heart and amusing ways. Aren't you exhausted? I think for Christmas you deserve a relaxing spa get-away ... maybe Killy should take a collection ;>

 Latest From DThree Check out Dave's first political cartoon . Any urlLink feedback would be greatly appreciated

 Coming to Austin Killy Since Adolph is Coming to Austin manana is it possable for a copy of .3 to make it to Austin for the lot of us.????

 I had a 8AM morning meeting at 13th floor office in Post Oak Tower 1, which is just north of the Galleria. The conference room has a pretty nice view of Houston towards the Med Center. In the middle of the picture, in the far distance, you can see the profile of St. Lukes.

 OK so I haven't really read much lately - don't have too much opportunity for this - what with tending to baby and hubby - for e.g. - last night I came home with a terrible headache - baby was hungry - nursed him - i went to the bathroom - when I emerged - baby wanted solids - I made him some potato and eggs and some steamed veggies (carrots, broccoli, cauliflower) - hubby wanted eggs too - made eggs for hubby - lil sis in law wanted some food too - made her some eggies - finally sat to finish feeding baby while hubby ate - then i got to eat baby's leftovers and an egg for me - then we made a run/walk to the fabric store - i am turning my husband into a frog for halloween and as per usualo - am waiting until the absolute last minute to make his costume - have no idea how i'm going to turn 2 yards of green felt into a frog suit - but tonight will be interesting - anyway - got home - baby was tired from the exciting jogging stroller ride and exploration at the fabric store - gave him a bath and managed to wrestle him into slumberland shortly thereafter - so my evening was over before it even started - so no time to read except when I travel for work I found myself in the bookstore falling all over my red wheeled suitcase at the airport - trying to find a book that my boss recommended to me a long time and I couldn't remember the author's name or even the title - and it had been on the bestseller list for a while and who knows how long ago that was too - so I ended up picking up a book called - The Piano Tuner (forgot the author) but it was a National Bestseller - I selected this book because it didn't seem silly or goofy and had to do with someone in a war and all sorts of other interesting stuff but I never finished reading it - because in the first few chapters, there were two deaths - both babies I had just left my little boy at home for two day separation and was not able to stomache these stories so I can't tell you if it was a good book or not I did read a fun book though a while back - the devil wears prada - ha - it was just a fun read and made my life story seem so much easier by the way - i finally remembered which book my boss recommended - the davinci code - which i recently ordered from barnes and nobles - i'll tell you all about it when i get it

 Paul, I love that book Things Fall Apart .. we had to write term papers on it in one of my english classes in high school and a good friend of mine turned in a paper with a yam -- the paper had just one sentence on it -- "Here's your damn yam, Okankawa!" -- I couldn't believe he did that -- best of all, the teacher laughed so hard she decided to give him an A for originality. Any other recommendations, Paul? By the way, I've been meaning to ask what part of Cali. you're in 'cause I have a friend, a beautiful Indian girl from Trinidad, who has very bravely decided to pack up all her things and move to cali to start a plant nursery ... she doesn't know anyone there but it's always been her dream ... so, anyway, maybe you could offer her some insight on places to go, etc.?

 Things Fall Apart Amberina et al, I know that you specifically made the book recommendation request to the ladies but I just finished reading Things Fall Apart by urlLink Chinua Achebe and I think it might fit the bill- seeing as it is thought-provoking and easy to carry on the subway...

 re:Garden Holy Moley those are some humongous sunflowers! I have seen "Little Shop of Horrors" so I am naturally afraid of huge plants. But, since you and Anthony probably provide a loving and caring environement I am sure that there is not too much danger of the sunflowers becoming gargantuan people eaters. Also, do you roast the seeds?



 the amazing upload thingy... is just that. truly amazing, and a welcome addition to the blog. would you be interested in setting one up for the cupid lady? i am handing off as much responsibility to her as i can, and if she can upload all of the thumbs... posted with PaperLantern

 uploaders and sharing scanners/devices??!!! My gosh! That (device sharing) IS totally cool. If only a couple of us lived to together so we could try this out...even next door in the same apt complex. geez...

 urlLink "Article Image Update Has Failed Horribly!" : Is this just simple file uploading? Is there automatic image scaling a-la ImageMajic? I just tried to upload the first image in my iPhoto library, a 2.5 meg jpeg. urlLink This looks interesting.

 urlLink macosxhints - 10.3: Share digital devices via Image Capture This is insane!

 Re:Posting Images I think that Amber may be looking for a way to post images that are not already on the web , so I put this urlLink script up on chairjockey. Use it to upload an image file. It will respond with the html you can copy/paste into your post. urlLink

 Distiller for that... You would have to use distiller in order to get a multi-page pdf like that...illustrator is funky that way. I remember one the scientists in the physics dept. made an entire poster on illustrator (! 4'x6'!). i had serious issues getting that one to print correctly....it was near when i first started, (almost two years ago) so i can't remember how we resolved it. There was also the issue of why when you make an 'artboard', say 5x5, it sits on a dotted line that measures out the width of a standard piece of paper? I talked to colin about it...he just tries to ignore it.

 I followed the instructions here: urlLink Multipage Illustrator Documents But wasn't able to use Mac OS X's print to pdf feature to get a multipage pdf. Each time I got a pdf with the second page (of a two tiled area art-board).

 If you see an image that you would like to post, right-click or (Mac) control-click on the image and open the image in a new window. The web address of the image should be in the address bar at the top of the window. Copy that image location. It should look kind of like: http://www.somewhere.com/somelocation/somefile.jpg To put the image in your blogger post you will type the following into your post: &lt;img src="http://www.somewhere.com/somelocation/somefile.jpg" align="right"&gt; You can modify the alignment of the image by using align="left" or align="center" or just leaving the alignment out. The important part of the tag (tag: the part between the &lt; and &gt; signs) is the img, meaning image, and src, meaning source.

 Illustrator Question I am setting up a document on illustrator and would like to have a workspace with multiple pages. How do I set this up? So far I see only one page, and if I go to Document Setup and click on Tile Full Pages for or Tile Imageable Areas it doesn't seem to do what I would like .... Any clues?

 Is there a way to attach a photo to view on the blog that's not posted somewhere on the web? I can't seem to attach the sunflower photo :(

 Check out Anthony under our 7' sunflowers this summer. When are ya'll coming to visit, btw? Maybe we should have a group reunion in NYC one day -- wouldn't that be fun! We're going to Jamaica in January -- I'm looking for recommendations for sight-seeing from anyone who's been there .. also, book recommendations from the chics out there -- a novel maybe something thin enough to carry on the subway -- thoughtful, funny, provocative, inspiring, etc.?

 Opening the keyboard... I don't think i took any pics of opening the keyboard. Carol bought the wrong mouse so i returned it. They didn't have any wireless pro mice at the physical store, so i have to order it online. Maybe sometime in the next couple of weeks. Taggart: i opened fontbook, created a new set and added 'classic sans' fonts from todd's fonthole folder he gave me so long ago. Worked fine. so i created another set, classic serif, and proceeded to add those....no go. Same with scripty, corroded and weird....for some reason won't let me import anything else...dunno why yet. Photoshop seems to work fine. No problems there. Even istop motion seems to launch fine. And, of course, paul's gold master version of 'paperlantern' works like a dream.

 urlLink iPod Unpack Pics Forgot to post these. Dot mac was acting screwy when the day I got it and took these photos. Killy, Do you have unpack photos for that coolio keyboard and mouse I haven't seen yet?

 Homage In homage to adolph who is so fond of urlLink 'opening the package' pictures:

 have you played around with the font managment thingy?

 I went ahead and did it... I upgraded the powerbook this morning while i worked on Dr. G's RSNA poster: Image-Guided Percutaneous Biopsy of Mediastinal Lesions: A Review of Various Approaches. It's really perky. Mail launches a lot faster. Even my most hated i-app, iphoto, launches and works faster too; although, i did recently archive and erase a lot of my photos so it's hard to say what it is. Expose is just WAY TOO COOL to even describe. Haven't tried any of the big apps yet except for InDesign, and only to look at something specific. TODD To answer one of todd's concerns, yes, expose does take over the fuction keys that normally control the pallettes in InDesign. I haven't looked for a solution to that yet. I'm sure they can be changed. UPDATE: YES. THESE CAN BE CHANGED EASILY. expose has it's own tab in system preferences.

 urlLink Slashdot | Diebold Chases Links To Leaked Memos The latest corporate "intellectual property" scramble is Diebold chasing students for papers scattered into the internet. Reading about this I visualize Keystone Kops and evil mustached lawyers employed by Diebold chasing after hacky-sacking students who have picked up dollar bills a Diebold ATM machine has spewed out; the instant they catch up with any student there is another around the corner waving a miraculously multiplied dollar bill. Another bill, and another, there are more copies than originals and they are all the same. Along with that I'm thinking about politicians giving concession speeches. What happens if a politician thinks he (or she) lost and gives a concession speech, but it turns out that they won? Is the concession nullified? Does the conceding politician nullify an election by giving the election to someone else, who effectively wasn't elected?

 urlLink The Album Leaf Nice work Paul. Looks slick. The text colors of the visited slides seem a bit subtle for my old eyes/crappy LCD/Mac gamma though (see right).

 urlLink MacSlash | Ask MacSlash: What Apps Does Panther Break? Killy, have you installed yet? How is Flash/Fireworks/Photoshop/Illustrator doing? Quark in classic?

 Site Launch: www.albumleaf.com My brother Scott and I just launched urlLink www.albumleaf.com . He had done the flashedy flash flash site for them eariler, but we just revamped the whole thing so that it uses xml as a data feed. We also provided an php based admin interface so that the various sections of the site can be updated with ease. The Album Leaf's music is also worth a listen to. Its ambient, sit-down-at-the-conert and swoon type stuff. They have been having some success recently, including recording collaborations and tours with icelands's Sigur Ros. You can check out the site urlLink here . The data also renders as an urlLink rss feed .

 urlLink PowerLogix Products - Cube Enclosure

 urlLink

 re:Pakistani Army Recruitment Video This video is clearly superior to even urlLink last year's Oscar winner for "Best Army Recruitment Video". In fact, considering the length, I think this one could be up for "Best Epic War Film/Song". I was particularly impressed by the subtle references to such popular films as "Gladiator" (scene: hands brushing over tall grass), "Saving Private Ryan " (scene: Amphibious river landing in rubber raft), and "A Hard Days Night" (scene: the three friends riding off on elderly man's bicycle whilst elderly man chases after them). I would like to see a recruitment video for the urlLink Pakistani Navy

 urlLink Dosti Song Greetings from the bizarro-world. I thought this kind of thing went out in the eighties.

 Killy Since I was so nice and helpfull and instrumental in the recovery of your camera could you please please please make a disk image for me. Fast User switching is a must in my household. You could send it Via 1st Class Trudeau to 616 W St John. ?????????????

 urlLink DateLens Calendar It would be cool to do this in a Flash app that reads iCal files...

 On the truck and coming to daddy(ies) So here it comes. I'm going to install it on both the imacs tonight. i think my sister will get a kick, plus it will provide another platform for testing. Who else is going to want to partake? should i try and make disc copies with classic first?

 I was waiting for this... I heard the news, but had no idea of the 'scope' of the fires. wow.

 Hey Paul, With all that soot in the air, what are your boogers looking like?

 urlLink Google Search: fork A fork is when a single original is edited twice, making two distinct new versions from the original. I've been considering what it would take to make a versioning content management system. I think important features of a content management system include: Versioning Embargo/Expiration of content (the arrival and departure of a content item should be able to be controlled chronologically) Context Awareness (content items should be aware of what contains them and what is linking to them) The tricky part I'm thinking about now is forks in versioning. Maybe I should just ignore forking at the data storage layer? How could the application layer intellegently deal with forks within the same content item? Hmm., urlLink Nukes As you can see, the Nukes engine has a notion of versioning. This feature is not present in the original PostNuke engine. The persistence engine of JBoss uses a feature that increments the version and it keeps old versions as long as you want them. This way you can rollback in case you missed something. This is very useful as you work on a live web site. Also, the makeProd toggle enables you to select which version will be publicly displayed to your visitors. I wonder what that looks like at a database level.

 If the people want it... Can i help it if people want to look at Jennifer's wedding more than bikini clad waterskiing pictures? Give the public what the public wants!

 Disk Usage On Chairjockey public_html/tcs 41.38 Meg public_html/killy 12.62 Meg public_html/adolph 11.69 Meg public_html/david 3.07 Meg public_html/paul 1.35 Meg public_html/colin 0.01 Meg public_html/taggart 0.01 Meg Total Disk usage: 80.15 Megabytes Remaining Disk space available: 219.85 Megabytes Todd comes in first place with an astonishing 41.38 Megabytes worth of files in his www directory. Is this where he stores his favorite waterskiing photos ? Also, Todd , please put up a decent urlLink splash page . Here are some more statistics: Listing directories with at least 0.01% of the traffic, sorted by the amount of traffic. #reqs: %bytes: directory ------: ------: --------- 756150: 50.40%: /killy/ 90505: 24.54%: /tcs/ 23787: 15.31%: /adolph/ 5895: 4.12%: /david/ 5586: 3.98%: /paul/

 Meow! Panther will be here tomorrow. If anyone wants to help offset the cost, the total was $81. Once i get it, I'm going to intall it on Pinky-Winky and see how it works out. I don't anticipate too many problems; most people on macintouch are pretty stoked about it.

 speaking of ordering... i ordered us 200 more megs of storage at chairjockey.com (for the low price of $48). so i order you to send me some cash. please do not mail fish OR chips. why don't we just migrate the blog there so we can get rid of those ugly banner ads? and i do not hate waterskiers, urlLink some of them are very nice people , i hate photographing them while charring in the sun. Adolph, when and where will you be in town this weeked? need a place to crash? will your reservation be for one or two? lemme know, i should be able to hook you up.

 Sorry... sorry, taggart, but today is my sister's birthday. I would love to hang out, but we're having a little get together at the house for her. A fresh Red Snapper is sitting in lime juice right now, and a strawberry marbled cake is sitting on a warming rack waiting to be 'iced'. But if you really wanted to take me to lunch, i would like that. I'm placing the order for Panther today, and Adolph is paying me in 'Fish and Chips'. So maybe we could make it a group lunch. how long will you be in town? In other news... Poor paul stuck in soot. Adolph has tiring weekend. Colin teaches drawing cause Laura is sick of it. Killy buys four new tires for his car Todd hates waterskiers urlLink 40 people dead in Bagdahd If anyone listened to NPR this morning a letter from a soldier recently returned bashes the media for reporting on the chaos in Iraq, "...but what about the schools we've rebuilt?" he asks.

 Heading to Houston this afternoon. Anyone want to Hang out. Adolph. Killy. Anyone.???? The house is off Memorial Dr. in the Memorial area. around Bingle and Voss.

 Tre Weirdness. I was looking at urlLink Macrumors and thier post about urlLink dailytunes.comS which basicaly functions as a site that recommends music that you can buy from the itunes store. One of the bands they recommend is The Post Service, which is on the urlLink Subpop label. It is in fact on the itunes catalog along with Mudhoney, but the rest of Subpops catalog of bands is absent.??

 Just Like the Showdown As the fires have crept closer to San Diego the smoke has gotten worse, the sky darker, and the light weaker. There is no fresh air to be had. Everything is covered with soot, and everyone's eyes are burning. Its just like being at the Showdown on a Thursday night. Our house is full of refugees. Among them is Josh whose flight to Lima, Peru was cancelled because an air-traffic control tower had to be evacuated. There is also my brother's girlfriend Rachel and her two cats and dog. She got here just before the city shut down the freeway out to her house.

 Books Taggart Recommends: Jarhead.........Anthony Swafford In Harms Way.........Forgot the Author but subject is the sinking of the uss indianopolis Into Thin Air............john Krakauer. or the lighter fair where nobody dies except his mother. Me Talk Pretty One Day.......David Sedaris. or if you are getting ready for christmas he as a collection of such stories. Have Fun Roasting Marshmellows.

 This morning, here in Pompey I awoke this morning to the creepiest of mornings. The time (adjusted for daylight savings) was 8:30 am, and my room was still dark. A sudden fear gripped me that perhaps my beach plans would be spoiled by rain. I stepped out on the front porch, which faces east , to investigate and saw a really beautiful sunset. I watched in confusion for a few moments as the sun set in reverse- climbing the sky from east to west. I also noticed that the front-porch, which always kind of dirty, was this morning truly filthy, covered in about a 2 centimetres of dusty dirt. Extending my observation the street revealed that the entire street looked filthy, and all the cars looked filthy too, and all the plants, mailboxes, roofs, and windows. Even the litter piled up in the gutter looked dirty. My brother stumbled out of his room at this time and I told him to come out on the porch and take a look. He said "a fire, a really big fire." I had been thinking "alien invasion, finally an alien invasion." I got online to check the news and read about the urlLink humongous wildfires that have erupted around Los Angeles. So now, an hour later the sky is still dark, and the light is still orange. The sun is a perfect red orb: lidless like the eye of sauron

 A book...but one i haven't read I've heard good things about urlLink this book from several people, but I haven't read it yet. Maybe you could give this one a try.

 A Moveable Feast I just finished reading urlLink A Moveable Feast , Hemingway's memoir of his life in Paris during the early twenties. It certainly was an enjoyable read as you can hardly find a more interesting setting than Paris in the twenties, or a cast of characters more fascinating than Gertrude Stein, F. Scott Fitzgerald and James Joyce, etc. I am now, however, bookless and desperate. Anybody have a recommendation?

 Curosity... I can install Panther and still keep all my apps and stuff, right? I won't have re-install everything will I? My gut tells me that it'll just install on top of everything and keep everything in order, but i have to ask to quell that 10% of me that isn't so sure.

 Mexico? Sorry colin, i don't think that far ahead, but i guess anything is possible. Carol ALWAYS wants to go to mexico. We'd go for the weekend if it were up to her. Adolph: so how was the reading?

 Hey putz, are you and your capable and lovely wife making plans to go to mexico this coming summer? If so maybe we all could go together. give a call.

 Considering... I'm considering buying it with the education discount. I'm pretty sure i can buy two software titles with my education discount a year, but i'm not sure. In any case, i believe that would bring my total to $69. I'm with adolph on this one. I'm not interested in upping my OS quite yet. I'll prolly just read about it for a week or two before i break down and buy it. Or maybe my co-worker will have bring by his CD for me so i don't have to buy it. Speaking of, i saw a g5 in the hallway today and a fat cinema display headed for the sixth floor. By the way, adolph: There is an update for Keynote 1.1.1, but you have to have upgraded to 10.2.8 to use it. I'm not sure what it addresses, but you may want to look into it. I know you want to use key for your presentation (in december?)

 urlLink The new bookmarks feature is pretty sweet.

 Yes definitely will be here.....and there. My schedule for the week is. Sat. Drive to Houston (tentatively) Sun. Drive to Austin Mon Drive to Houston Tues Drive to Austin Mon Drive to Houston Tues Drive to Austin And if you did not know I was in Houston on Tues and Wed and Tues and Wed of the week before that. GGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEZZZZZZZZZZZZ



 Jealous. I love David Sedaris in a completley non-gay way. I read Me Talk Pretty One Day while on the way to the Bahamas. I nearly made the plan crash I was laughing so loud and hard. Turns out that it would the last time I would laugh during that whole trip. If Liz didnt have to work tonight I would buy tickets and be there for the 8 pm show. Damn Damn Damn

 I don't think anyone has it yet (of us, that is). I'll prolly pick it up this weekend, although Killy may work on the academic discount angle. My machine has become more of a worker bee over the year, so I'm probably not going to throw on a new OS until I've been reading urlLink Macintouch for a week or so. In any case, Amber and I are seeing urlLink David Sedaris this evening, so I can't make it to the Apple Store for "Night of the Panther." I considered racing down Memorial Drive to the urlLink Galleria (not seriously). On the other hand, I'm really not all that hot to go to an Apple Store chock full of Mac-geeks, so I'm glad I have an excuse not to go (seriously). This weekend I'll be staffing the Kemah and Houston urlLink MS Walk , so I won't be just dying to upgrade OSes anyway. Speaking of, Taggart, Todd, I plan to head to Austin early next weekend, Friday afternoon. Amber will join me later in the day. Are you guys going to be around?

 Who has 10.3? How can I get a copy? Who should I make the check out to? and for how much?

 Of course, only someone from urlLink Japan could pull this off. I'm not sure why they wanted to cover up the handy shelf on top.

 The future... Now what would REALLY be nice is if adolph and i could 'see' each other's playlists from our ipods. and imagine if we could 'beam' over songs much like one might beam over their personal information from one palm to another. and it wouldn't have to stop at songs; selected contacts could be beamed over, as well as 'notes'. it won't be long. speaking of notes: yes you CAN see bbedit text files. word files too, i'm sure.

 It was a hasty decision last week. I saw a CompUSA blowout of 30 gig iPods for $250. I thought, eh, why not? I could probably turn around and Ebay it for more. urlLink Tracking Info urlLink

 Re-write??? paul: so does this mean that you're going to have to re-write paper lantern for 10.3?

 HELP! ORIGINALLY WRITTEN LAST NIGHT AT 11:15 P.M. update sorry, adolph. i had updated the firmware and failed to restart. so i did. and it works just fine now. as a matter of fact, i'm using the wireless keyboard right now! adolph: having trouble with the wireless keyboard. i was under the impression that i had bluetooth on this computer, but it seems to be telling me that i do not. I don't want to believe that, however. Could i just be crazy? In the network tab in system pref's there is a bluetooth modem adapter, but that's all i see. do i need an additional bluetooth adapter? i remember at one time 'turning off' bluetooth since i didn't use it. before, the bluetooth icon on the top right was just kind faded out, but now it has a squiggly line through it... is it just disabled? when i click on the icon, it says...Bluetooth: Unavailable.

 Another questionably funny story... The first day carol left, i made my way to work as usual. I had a full day and by the time the day ended i was ready to get home and face the baby by myself. I got in the car and followed our normal route home: holcombe, the buffalo spwy, bissonet, edloe, 59 south HOV lane, exit williams trace.... Carol called me as i cheerfully headed home... C: Hey, are you home yet? A: No, I'm on the HOV lane just passing westpark... C: What are you doing on the HOV lane? A: oh my god...i am so stupid...

 Packing Peanuts or Rice Cake? Apple shipped the wireless keyboard in a much larger box than necessary, so it was filled with packing peanuts. When i opened the box many of the peanuts spilled out, but i managed to get all of them up before the baby could get to them, or so i thought. Well, adolfo iv managed to find the ONE peanut that i didn't pick up. Carol was playing with the baby in the living room - they were crawling around with each other until carol was tired. He stopped in front of the tv and just sat there with his back to her. He was suspiciously quiet. When she went around to inspect what he was concentrating so hard on, he had mauled the packing peanut into about 30 smaller packing peanuts, with 20 or so in his mouth.

 Back, Back, Back and more Back What a good Thursday this turned out to be, even if i DID forget my glasses at home. Usually, this results in a tolerable headache by 11:00 and an untolerable migraine by the end of the day. Fortunately, this didn't happen - just a slight 'tolerable' head pounding all day. Had a great breakfast, an even better time at conferences and a good printing run of posters. To top it off, i get a call right after conference letting me know that the powerbook was in, wife called to let me know she was getting on a plane, and someone placed a reasonably large order of prints from Jen's wedding. Adolfo's smile was priceless when he saw his mother he hadn't seen in two days. He was sitting in the sink getting a bath when we walked in the door... Carol had one last dinner to expense that counted on her 'business trip' so we headed out to Outback for steak. Killito was exceptionally happy to be with both his parents. daddy deserved a break after the last two nights so i headed out to the cafe for a cup of tea and some blogging...

 12" 15" 17"

 urlLink Killy, That image is of a 15 or a 17, not a 12. Did you upgrade?

 I think Paul made a mention of urlLink it before. Pretty nice stuff.

 The punk is on his way back home! And so is Carol! What a great thursday this is turning out to be.

 This month's urlLink Mossberg Report covers various options and considerations to making your iPod work with your car.

 The World According to Garp I just finished reading urlLink The World According to Garp by John Irving. I really enjoyed this book. It is often funny and sometimes beautiful. My favorite part of the book is actually an episode from a short story written by the main character. The story is called "The Pension Grillparzer" and I think you can get from iTunes urlLink here .

 Below is the full text of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's memo on the war on terror: October 16, 2003 TO: Gen. Dick Myers Paul Wolfowitz Gen. Pete Pace Doug Feith FROM: Donald Rumsfeld SUBJECT: Global War on Terrorism The questions I posed to combatant commanders this week were: Are we winning or losing the Global War on Terror? Is DoD changing fast enough to deal with the new 21st century security environment? Can a big institution change fast enough? Is the USG changing fast enough? DoD has been organized, trained and equipped to fight big armies, navies and air forces. It is not possible to change DoD fast enough to successfully fight the global war on terror; an alternative might be to try to fashion a new institution, either within DoD or elsewhere one that seamlessly focuses the capabilities of several departments and agencies on this key problem. With respect to global terrorism, the record since Septermber 11th seems to be: We are having mixed results with Al Qaida, although we have put considerable pressure on them nonetheless, a great many remain at large. USG has made reasonable progress in capturing or killing the top 55 Iraqis. USG has made somewhat slower progress tracking down the Taliban Omar, Hekmatyar, etc. With respect to the Ansar Al-Islam, we are just getting started. Have we fashioned the right mix of rewards, amnesty, protection and confidence in the US? Does DoD need to think through new ways to organize, train, equip and focus to deal with the global war on terror? Are the changes we have and are making too modest and incremental? My impression is that we have not yet made truly bold moves, although we have have made many sensible, logical moves in the right direction, but are they enough? Today, we lack metrics to know if we are winning or losing the global war on terror. Are we capturing, killing or deterring and dissuading more terrorists every day than the madrassas and the radical clerics are recruiting, training and deploying against us? Does the US need to fashion a broad, integrated plan to stop the next generation of terrorists? The US is putting relatively little effort into a long-range plan, but we are putting a great deal of effort into trying to stop terrorists. The cost-benefit ratio is against us! Our cost is billions against the terrorists' costs of millions. Do we need a new organization? How do we stop those who are financing the radical madrassa schools? Is our current situation such that "the harder we work, the behinder we get"? It is pretty clear that the coalition can win in Afghanistan and Iraq in one way or another, but it will be a long, hard slog. Does CIA need a new finding? Should we create a private foundation to entice radical madradssas to a more moderate course? What else should we be considering? Please be prepared to discuss this at our meeting on Saturday or Monday. Thanks.

 Aye, Captain, it was a urlLink Giant Sea Fart that took the unsinkable urlLink Mullet Forthright .

 urlLink That plastic is going to get hothothot , however, a slot-loading drive and other improvements are going to make it a real contender to the PB G4 12". I think the only difference, other than the case, is going to be the PB G4 12"'s more extensive video capability. Seeing a PB G4 12" run a 23" Cinema Display at the Apple Store the other day was pretty compelling. Additionally, Bluetooth is a build-to-order option rather than built-in. If you have an older Powerbook G4, sell if you are thinking about it, because the value is fixing to fall through the floor. The only things the urlLink older titanium PowerBooks have over the iBook G4 are weight, screen-size, PCMCIA card slot, larger potential RAM capacity, and spanning video capacity. All of these are good advantages for the right consumer, but most older titanium PowerBooks are slower, have slower motherboards, have smaller hard drives, etc.

 urlLink Panther Arrives I'm surprised there weren't pics of unwrapping the box from them shipping materials. Oh, the state of Mac tech-lust photography is slipping....

 This American Life Thanks Todd, for sending me this link to an episode of NPR's urlLink This American Life right before I was heading off to bed. There is no tranquilizer quite like a sickening report on the erosion of civil liberties. I recommend that all of you listen to this story; just do yourself a favor and listen to it during the day and on an empty stomach! .

 urlLink M-A-Double L-O-W-Double E-N

 urlLink Electric Rain - Swift 3D Vector Solutions for Macromedia Flash

 colin if you ungroup the items first, (shift+apple+g) then apply the color to them they will change for real. urlLink Who wants to see my monkey?

 urlLink Dave Weiner writes about the structure of directories, and I think, how the hell do you do that? Essentially, a directory is composed of like-formed objects that have information and links to other objects of inforamtion and links. Directory Object Information about object. Links to other related objects. Dynamic links to objects that have referred to an object. Anything else? A directory kinda sounds like a weblog...

 Petanque || Bocce = Fun So there weather is ridiculous here so I found myself at the beach the other day playing a game of Bocce and swilling Tecate until the sun went down. When I was in France, the silly Frenchmen would gather about the same hour and play urlLink Petanque , a close relative of Bocce . In retrospect, I think what we were playing on the beach the other day really was Petanque and not Bocce, seeing as we did not have a true "court" set up, and the only real differences between the two games are that true Bocce requires a "court", with backboards and such for bank shots, and in Bocce you must roll your ball. I guess there are spelling and pronunciation differences between the two games too. See urlLink below for a real explanation of the differences. At any rate Petanque/Bacce was really a whole lot of fun. Its like playing horshoes/marbles with miniature holeless bowling balls. Petanque vs Bocce from urlLink www.petanqueamerica.com We are often asked what the difference is between bocce, the Italian bowling game and petanque. First of all bocce balls are larger and solid, about the size of a grapefruit, colored (green & red are popular), and generally made from resin or wood. Petanque balls are the size of an orange, hollow, and always made from metal. Bocce has different variations as to court size and layout. The court should be smooth and flat; some rules call for wooden sideboards to make it an enclosed area. Petanque can be played anywhere; most players actually prefer an uneven terrain to make it more challenging. Bocce players mostly roll their balls, petanque players tend to lob them in the air. The counting of points and game tactics are very similar between the two games. Conclusion: petanque is more flexible, and the equipment is easier to carry around.

 to all the bloggers. Hi. nothing to say in the way of technological advancements. I have a mechanical pencil that has been my medium for progression. Does anyone have this illustrator 10 issue. when selecting a group of objects or type and changing the color, it changes in the tool pallet but the actual color of the object remains unchanged. poop poop bam. love colin.

 urlLink Nostromo SpeedPad n52 Man, I was just checking on the Belkin website, thinking about getting a different mouse for home and bringing my current home Belkin up to the office, and low and behold, a new Speedpad is out! Those folks at Belkin must have been busy over the last few months, what with new iPod accessories, this and more coming out. I think the urlLink n52 is going to make a worthy upgrade to the urlLink n50 . More buttons, looks like it will fit a hand and different sized hands better, another row of keys, better position for the special function lights, and two additional thumb buttons. They could probably change their driver to make a urlLink half keyboard out of this thing now. I guess the question about the n52 is: Is there going to be an upgrade to the urlLink Nostromo n30 Game Mouse ?

 urlLink 7-Eleven Unveils New Hot Beverage Station : "At 7-Eleven's new 'hot beverage stations,' customers will have a choice of more than 1,300 combinations . . ." . . . all of which tasted the same to Authur Dent.

 Being Back, Sunday November 30th Breakfast 2 eggbeater eggs spoonful of beans half a bowl of apple/cinnamon oatmeal one wheat toast with soy butter Got the oil changed and the fuel system cleaned out in the car first thing this morning. Came home and detailed the car. I got every single mosquito, dragonfly, moth, etc carcass off the front end of my vehicle. I vacuumed every cheerio and rice cake crumb out of the back seat. I even had to shampoo out a chocolate stain from the back seat that carol left in the wake of a 'brownie earthquake' from dairy queen. Went to the church and arranged a meeting with Knights of Columbus to take the 'Santa' photos at the church this year. They normally sell polaroids @ five bucks a pop. There is so much overhead that they hardly make any money. Apparently, they were cancelling the pics this year for this reason. I approached the Knight pres. to propose shooting the santa pics digitally. So i have to meet with the council on Tuesday night. Lunch Chicken,tomato, onion tacos with rice. Two flour tortillas One bowl of cheerios for dessert Today, we set up the xmas tree. My mother pulled it down from the attic and we put it together. Adolfo iv helped.

 Goodbye, and thanks for all the turkey urlLink Thanks for a great weekend.

 The Valley Report - day 3, Saturday Breakfast : Hotel Buffet (free) eggs, hash browns, pineapple slices, one pancake. We woke up much later than we really wanted to. We left the echo hotel much later than we realy wanted to. Our original plan had us home, in Houston, at about noon. We left the hotel at around 11:00. We stopped at the nearest HEB and picked up some water and fruit for the trip. Once i got on 281, i realized that i was going to spend that entire BEAUTIFUL day in the car. We quickly got off 281 and hit 107 to drive by Carol's old house: the house where we looked at each other at her brother's wedding; the house where we were married in her parents bedroom; the house where i fell asleep on the couch after a huge homecooked meal; the house that saw carol drive her car through the living room wall when she was learning to drive. We drove on a small dirt that ran along side her house, up and down, about four times. I stopped to take photos. I used up one roll of film (120) - it felt like six rolls. (taggart, if i send you the negs, could you scan them for me? on the imacon? - i guess i could also go to carl's place if you couldn't) HCHM , or the Hidalgo County Historical Museum. Admission: $4 - We went to the newly renovated HCHM. Nice place. Look at some urlLink photos From there: LUNCH Carne Guisada (Tres Portrillos restarante) We had lunch with my sisters. By this time, it was 4:30. We left the valley from there. We took the back roads to Elsa, past Delta Lake again. In the distance a black column of smoke stained the sky. I thought immediately of the sugar cane fires that light up the fields around Delta Lake in october. I didn't think sugar cane lasted this far into the 'winter'. As we passed through the other side of the lake the sugar cane fields were still there with their heavy green manes waving in the northern winds ( norteos ). These are the same winds that would blow the smell of rotting cabbage into my dad's new home when i first moved in with him in 1992. What is now a pretty established neighborhood was then a dirt filled lot outside of weslaco next to some fields. At the same time the weather got nice enough to have your doors open, the fields behind us were filled with rotten cabbage. We made it to Odem, TX before we had to stop at the Dairy Queen. This is the same town (and the same DQ!) that my mother & father would 'make the trade' after the divorce. The exact halfway point from Houston to wherever my dad was was the Dairy Queen in Odem. Lots of weird and somewhat painful memories. I wish they would build a Whataburger in Odem. The baby ran around charming the pant off everyone in the place for about half an hour. I had a hot dog and a side order of incredible guilt. Luckily, he fell asleep once we got back on the road and it wasn't until we were 10 minutes from the house that he decides to wake up and scream; scream because he was still in this damn carseat; scream cause he couldn't be in his mother's arms. Home. The feeling is indescribable. I went to bed happy.

 Photo Gourd (revisited) Paul - I finally posted jennifer's wedding with the photogourd template you sent. I'm still encountering a problem, however. When i add an image to the cart, I get a 'missing image' icon on the screen. What is that supposed to be? a thumbnail of the selected image? also: when i 'send' the order (presumably to myself) that doesn't work either.... Can we try and fix this (or explain to me how to fix it) this weekend?

 The Valley Report - day 2, Friday Breakfast A huevos rancheros plate from a small mexican restaurant. As you can imagine, this is very, very, very bad for me. It came with a sausage patty. I ate it. We met my sister's at a small Mexican restaurant off of Closner in Edinburg. Adolfo iv decided to thorw the largest tantrum he's ever thrown. We had taken him out of his chair to walk around after we had finsihed eating. I was talking with my sister's and carol walked around the restaurant with him. He was getting a little too close to a family so she moved him. He went nuts. Totally nuts. He threw himself on the ground and screamed. I was in awe. I had never seen anything like it. Carol took him outside and i took care of the bill. He wasn't very happy getting back in his seat either. We spent the most of the afternoon at my sister's house. Carol put the boy to sleep and my sister's and i caught up. We had lunch around 3: Fish and chips. Another dish that is going to kill me. We checked into the echo hotel, ordered room service for the kid (grilled cheese and a fruit plate - $9.00) We hung out in the room all night. Quietly. Lovely Quiet. So far.... They have a wireless network set up here in the lobby of the echo hotel. Sweet!

 The Valley Report - day 1, Thursday - Thanksgiving Fidel now has the same amount of dogs as kids: 4 - and they bark. The first night was restless, the dogs would bark, then stop. Then start, then stop. Then start. Always at exactly the same intervals that i would fall asleep, then wake up. Then fall asleep, then wake up. Then there was the neighbors music... Carol woke up at 6 a.m. to put the turkey in. Adolfo iv woke up at 8:18 a.m. We came to the living room and watched Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Breakfast 2 egg beater eggs 1 serving of refried beans 1 serving of carol's potatoes 1 glass of chamomile tea little bit of oatmeal Fidel's wife's brothers showed up for breakfast. The most memorable thing today, so far, has been Fidel going outside and plucking a branch of chillitos from his pepper tree and passing it around the table. Carol and the two brothers plucked chili's off the branch and dropped directly into their beans. nice. 12:45 - We try to get the baby to take a much needed nap. He refuses. The turkey is done. The mashed potatoes are almost done. 3:00 - Thanksgiving Dinner (lunch) One giant serving of white turkey meat (breast) One giant serving of mashed potatoes. One giant serving of stuffing straight from the belly of a cooked turkey. Six spears of asparagus. Several heaping spoons of vein clogging gravy One piece of hot apple pie topped with napolitan ice cream. The rest of the afternoon was spent just sitting on the couch watching the kids run from one side of the house to the other. And this went on to the evening. Carol ended up renting a couple of movies, but I had seen them all. I think we ended up in bed at around 11 or so. Midnight The dogs. Barking. The dogs. 1:00 A.M. The dogs. Barking. 2:00 A.M. The dogs. Barking. I move to the living room hoping that the further i get from the back yard the better time i'll have sleeping. 3:00 A.M. The dogs continue to bark. 4:00 A.M. The dogs are still barking. 5:00 A.M. Barking 6:00 A.M. I can't belive the dogs are still barking. 7:00 A.M. Barking. I'm trying so desperately to sleeep. I move back to the bedroom since it doesn't matter where i am in the house. 8:00 A.M. We wake up and tell Carol as politely as I can, "Get me the HELL out of here." We leave Fidel's house promptly at 8:45 for breakfast with my sisters.

 The Valley Report - the drive I got out of the office right after 1 o'clock. The plan was get home, pack the car, pack the baby, get on the road. We got to the house and fell promptly asleep. The baby had just fallen asleep for his nap, carol lay next to him and i was on my mother's la-z-boy. We woke up around 3:45 or so and quickly got out of the house. We were finally on the road at 4:30. The traffic leaving sugarland was pretty stacked. Things cleared up right at Richmond. Right outside of Wharton the traffic suddenly began to clump up again. Once we came over the freeway hill we saw a pretty nasty accident. An SUV was overturned in the median (and banged up pretty horrendously too) and a mini-van with it's front end totally crushed in. There were fire trucks and an ambulance already there (there is a hospital nearby) and we saw a couple of stretchers being loaded into them. Luckily there were no blanket covered bodies scattered about. Carol can't handle seeing stuff like that. The baby was hungry. About 4 miles from the accident site we exited fm 102 @ Wharton and went to the Whataburger, which also happens to be right next to the hospital. We put shoes on the baby and went ahead and had dinner there. It was about a 1/2 hour stop. Which is just about how long we have to keep the baby out of the car so he forgets that he was just in it - this keeps him from having a fit when we try and put him back in the car seat. This tends to make road trips a lot longer. We did this twice. We drove straight through Victoria. We stopped in Refugio for our second stop at a gas station with a Subway in it. Carol changed adofo iv's diaper (twice). We let adolfo iv roam around the gas station (it was one of those extra big stations) for about 1/2 hour. I stood outside for a bit after i had re-organized the backseat for carol. I couldn't belive how many people were on the road. This was one of those super gas stations with like 15 pumps; they were ALL full and had cars waiting. There were families stuffed into bug smattered cars. There was a handfull of cars towing other cars (something that is so common here - i couldn't help but think of Carl Deal's explanation: they're smuggling drugs and money in the bumpers of these cars) We sailed through woodsboro, odem, corpus christi, robstown.....the boy falls asleep at robstown...... I stop for gas at Bishop: a little over $11. The boy stays asleep. We get to Kingsville and start on the 60 miles trek through King's Ranch void. I hardly feel it. We exit Bus. 77 just outside of Raymondville and take the backroads through Delta Lake to get to Elsa. Here, on this set of roads, is where my car is practically slathered with bug bodies. Particularly cool was a lightning bug that lost his shiny butt-juice on my windshield. It was pretty cool. I was sad it only happened once. The fog was particulary bad. We got to Edinburg at about 11:30, for a total trip time of exactly 7 hours.

 greetings friends! gather your loved ones and celebrate your bounty with the slaughter of a dumb, flightless bird. i am in the bustling metropolis of broken arrow OK, with my family and slightly retarded dog. i hope this day finds you all healthy, happy and well fed.

 Happy Thanksgiving! urlLink Now I am in Dallas ... Thanksgiving dinner at my brother's friend's brother's mother's house. Dinner was so good that I urlLink hurt myself. Just rolled in from Oklahoma City. Not an amazing town, but we did meet some great people there; also my brother's band put on a fantastic show. I was so thrilled to hear them at their best- and to see people really responding to music, even dancing! The band will be putting on a show in Austin at Emos on Sunday night ... Come out if you can! Also, the pic is what my brother sees when he puts on his ring of power

 They get so much stuff wrong: urlLink Reuters | Latest Financial News / Full News Coverage : "and before the DRM gets locked on." The DRM in inherent to the file. When the file is played QuickTime decodes the file to play it. Johansen's utility uses QuickTime to play the file into an unencoded file instead of sending it to the audio manager. I think it is pretty interesting that Johansen took this approach. Was he unable to decode the files with brute force? Did he want to avoid that approach for political reasons? I think that one of the unsaid implicit things about Apple's DRM is that it appears to be custom encoded to each customer. This is unlike DVDs, which are all encoded the same (for each region at least). This also makes "DVD Jon's" task more difficult. Essentially he would have to break public key cryptography, which once broken would wreck great harm to commerce in general.

 Burned by Burnz Adolph: By the way, i tried to burn a simple cd with Burnz two days ago and got a 'burn error' of some sort or another. I don't remember the exact error (i should have taken a screen shot of it) and i forgot to mention it to you yesterday. Weird. Have you actually tried to use it yet?

 Battle for my veins (day 2) Breakfast 1 serving oatmeal 1 wheat toast (again, with butter) 1 apple (red delicious) 1 patty turkey sausage 1 10 oz. apple juice (from concentrate 100% juice) I am charging up the ipod for our trip down to the valley this afternoon. I am waiting for Dr. M to get his last few images to K (my boss). We are just waiting. There is nothing else to do but wait. Just waiting. Waiting. Waiting. One of the things i hate about going on long car trips is how dirty the car ends up once you've arrived. I hate pulling the little bodies of moths and dragonflies off the grill of my car. I hate having to scrub my windshielf extra hard to get the smushed up bug bodies off. Gosh, i want to get out of here so bad. So bad. So bad. My wife is bored at work too. So bored. So bored.

 PC iTunes gets dicked with urlLink QTFairUse, as Johansen dubbed his latest program, does not compromise the actual digital rights management (DRM). What it does, in effect, is intercept the file while it is streaming and before the DRM gets locked on.

 urlLink Digital Data Download This website has roadmaps in DWG format, which can be opened in Illustrator. The signifigance of this is that if you eally nice map, then use the DWG files here to start from rather than tracing MapQuest Data.

 Hey Taggart, I'm not leaving to Shreveport until Friday and I have the rest of the week off. Give me a shout out when you guys get in town and are free.

 urlLink Griffin Technology iTrip I played with Killy's iTrip today, and found it a real wonder. I plugged it into mine and even though I didn't have the station selection software, it still played out of the 87.9 frequency it was set to from Killy's iPod. I played it at my apartment into my stereo and I realized that the iPod and iTrip together weren't all that much larger than a conventional remote control. Essentially, they become an alternative universal remote control in which the music you are playing resides in the remote. Not only can it control what is playing on any radio-capable device, it also brings your 30 gigs of music to play. Flat out amazing. Last night I found my cassette adapter and remembered to bring it down to the car this afternoon. It was nice to play the iPod through it. I wonder if it was just the different song, or did I hear a qualative difference in bass response and crispness with the cassette adapter? Is it enough to make me avoid the iTrip and plug in the iPod in the dock to stereo at home and the cassette adapter in the car? I wonder how long it will be before someone makes a radio that can be controlled by those unused data bands within FM frequencies. It would be so nice to be able to really remote control every function of a stereo with the iPod.

 Thanksgiving plans... Carol, adolfo iv, and i are leaving for the valley tomorrow afternoon the second that i get off of work. We are planning on coming back around noon on saturday. I'll probably be up for something that evening after i've had a nap. Adolph isn't getting back from his trip to Shreevport, LA till somtime late Sunday. How long are you going to be in town for Taggart?

 Battle for my veins (cont'd) Lunch Turkey & Swiss Sandwich on Whole Wheat Kaiser 1 12 oz. Nestea Lemon Iced Tea the remainder of my green granny smith apple from breakfast Tags edited by Adolph

 Where can all the girls be? I have looked for them here and there and everywhere. Where have all the girls gone???

 I am going to drive in to Houston tonight. Who will be in town Today and Tomorrow and the rest of the week?

 Photoshop CS There are some cool urlLink video clips on the NAPP page , that show off some of the new features in CS. Particularly cool is all the cool stuff that the file browser can do now. Why mess with folder actions when you can just use the PSCS file browser to rotate, rename, etc...? Pretty cool stuff. Is anyone going to buy this?

 urlLink Ars Technica: Geeks are not as outnumbered as they believe : "A recent Pew Research study shows that a surprisingly-high percentage %u2014 31% %u2014 of U.S. residents are technically savvy. Researchers were surprised by the number of geeky people, and by the range in ages amongst those identified as technology-savvy." In other news, Pew researchers found that a clear majority of people think that they are not fools. They spend a lot of time talking, so they must have lots of wisdom to share!

 Speaking of Lunch... Adolph : I brought the itrip so we could test it out in the car.

 The Battle for my Veins Breakfast: 1 green granny smith apple 1 serving of oatmeal (with honey) 1 'Healthy Choice' egg - kinda like 'Egg Beaters' (surprisingly good) two pieces of wheat toast (buttered - unfortunately i didn't check the toast before they gave it to me. I chose NOT to take it back. Sinfully delicious.) One 8 oz. 100% juice orange juice Yesterday i had lunch with adolph. My friend ate an avacado burger and a batch of beer battered onion rings in front of me while i had a mustard filled chicken breast sandwich. I didn't go away frustrated though. i packed two onion rings in my doggie bag and ate ONLY ONE later that afternoon along with the rest of my sandwich. Delicious. We have another lunch planned for today, In other news Talked to colin yesterday. He had just gotten back to Portland from his grandpa's funeral in texas. Adolph is wearing Land's End shirts now; pastel colors too. I think we gave him too much hassle about his loud BaRep shirts, particularly the lime green one. Halo sounds fun, but so does urlLink THIS! Adolph : so how did the update go?

 urlLink Halo : "Timberland is an outdoor expansive environment with rolling hills, winding paths, an abundance of trees and a pristine waterfall feeding a meandering stream. This idyll landscape makes an excellent backdrop for maximum carnage!"

 urlLink MySQL Manual | 2.5.2 Upgrading From Version 3.23 to 4.0 : "CHECK, SIGNED, LOCALTIME and LOCALTIMESTAMP are now reserved words. " Since I have fields named cash, check, and credit, in a webapp, it took me a minute to figure this one out...

 I installed 10.3 on the office iBook (clamshell 466 graphite SE) and it works pretty nice. I resized a bunch of images using folder actions--sweet. I am installing the 10.3.1 update right now. 10.3 does look pretty ugly on the old LCD though. It looks washed out an contrasty.

 He's Doing IT!

 California is nice and all ... urlLink But I am heading to Texas anyways. I leave tomorrow and will roll into Austin/San Marcos around the 30th at some uncertain hour. I am hitching a ride with my brother and his urlLink band . After playing at Emo's the band is continuing on all the way to east coast and back. Since I am going to miss yet another Thanksgiving with my family I went to see my grandpa out in Montebello (east of East Los Angeles). We had a great time talking about all sorts of stuff and eating good cheap mexican food (huevos rancheros for a $1.50!). Shortly after he told me The Watermelon Story he fell asleep and I got urlLink this drawing done. The next time we all hang out I will try to recount the Watermelon Story. Its a great one. Also, I got a cellphone 619.379.4770 to help my brother and I keep in touch on projects but my usual luck with computers also extends to wireless communication devices (and toasters apparently) cause the damn thing don't work. Just one more sign telling me to give it all up and move to Mexico Hasta pronto!

 I am home. The stitches have come out. The Scab fell off on it's own. So this is the current condition of my nose.

 Well MJ may be a child molesting freak, if not just a freak. But.... I can say I honestly enjoyed Roman Polansky's "The Pianist". So did the Acadamy of Arts. and several million other people. We just had to excuse him for not swinging by to pick up his Oscar. For those who dont know. Roman Polansky has been living in exile because he slept with a 13 yr old girl. Neither of the two should be forgiven. It just really sucks that two really incredible artists are so *%*^ UP!!!

 Hey Paul, Mark asked me if my friend was ready to help me out for 20 hours a week soon. I'm not certain of the rate or whatever, but you would have full use of my museum side apartment, be working on the premier fundraising bike tour website, etc. Are you at all interested? This is still in the planning stages here, but the way Mark put the question to me sounded as if they are really interested in doing it. -Adolph

 ...come on, he just REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY likes kids. I think liz meant to post that last post to the urlLink girls blog , but in response to your post liz, urlLink look here.

 Do you girls see the ad for fresh SCROD (cod) delivered to your house? Wierd. So my vote is that MJ is a dirty, rotton, guilty, child molesting, pedophile, and it's a good thing he can't buy himself out of this one! I feel for his kids. I wish everyone safe and entertaining travels for Thanksgiving! Carolina, we'll miss you guys in houston-we'll be there for tues pm - sat am. Maybe we'll cross paths?! My friend recomended the book: Girls Poker Night . It sounds like chick flick meets book-so it sounds fun. I'll give a review soon after I finish my metaphysical healing book. DaVinci is my favorite all time dead dude-I can't wait to read that book too! So many books, so little time.

 News urlLink This is the latest from urlLink dthree . Because we seek to be fair and balanced you might check out urlLink this article by a commentator with a different spin... Also, thanks again for all your help getting urlLink www.sdfahrenheit.com launched. The RSS feed is urlLink here

 urlLink Kurt Wenner - Gallery of Work Baroque influenced street chalk art.

 urlLink Straight talk on adaptive computing | CNET News.com : ". . . the shift is that the IT department's goals are being inextricably linked to the business strategy and processes."

 well, i am torn on the inDesign issue. while i do not really LIKE using it ID 2.0 is not a bad program but it ain't quark. all of the printers i have worked with (except one in san antonio) accepted inDesign files. it has lots of great features, like transparency, and can do everything QXP does, more or less. i am not crazy about their type style set up and some other minor quirks. overall, it gets the job done. urlLink this is a really, really great addition. if everyone sends me money for chairjockey (ahem) i'll buy it. good stuff.

 urlLink Ars Technica: InDesign Review - Page 2 - (11/2003) : "Cope with the shame of using a new program by making it look more like the one you're cheating on" Killy , are you digging InDesign at work? Todd , are service bureaus accepting it?

 urlLink Dolled Up Jewelry Houda is doing some e-commerce! From: "h. khalid" Date: Wed Nov 19, 2003 1:23:14 AM US/Central Subject: Jewelry! If you're interested in purchasing inexpensive and unique gifts for the holidays, open the attachment to view a few pieces of my handmade jewelry. You can also visit my website at www.geocities.com/dolled_up_jewelry.com Love, Houda

 Yes, for the $40 lost. But really, for the sad killy story. That is so sad killy. Will you be well enough to eat thanksgiving dinner? How much weight have you lost? Starving? Man, I really wish I could give you a big hug right now. So, is that a new room in hell? Sounds like it to me. Please, I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy, or that guy that lost $40 on the slot machines. When you're poor-you equate every dollar into something really worth while that you can't really afford-like sushi dinner, or a few good CDs, or payment to the hospital for sewing up your husband's face, or groceries, or a nice trip...together, or that much more contribution toward a really nice camera for my aspiring photographer-anything. Of course if he had won, I would have been singing his praises. I'm actually on probation from complaining about anything Taggart does-He can do know wrong.....until that scab heals-then it's on!

 To all you bloggers, tinkle tinkle poop poop. do a dance and smack your head, if you fall then get back up, and with your girl get into bed, make some fun and jump about, tinkle tinkle poop poop.

 urlLink Burnz I like how the developer sells the product based on "you can do it for free but if you value your time at minimum wage level, this pays for itself in 18 burns."

 Da-Hoe? Your job comes with $40 dollars gambling money? Or was that a self-imposed limit? I hear the dealers at the blackjack tables are nicer to you when you lose than slot machines: they laugh as you walk away from the table.

 When I left Austin on Sunday the temp said 85 degrees. The thermometer says it's only 34 degrees here but it feels much colder than that. The shoot is going on without much of a hitch. My Face is healing.......the itching. I had a limit of 40 dollars that I dont have to lose. That I lost. Damn those slot machines they were laughing at me.

 Yeah, I see they also ran into the same problem I had: if you reduce an image with "scan lines," you wind up with larger and smaller lines due to a urlLink Moire Pattern . It didn't make any sense to me at the time because you'd think that everything would reduce evenly. This isn't the case. More awful Moire Patterns are evident when people scan in line screen images from magazines and whatnot. The software that overcomes this uses stochastic proccesing, maybe? I forget the name of it.

 Scan lines in photoshop I saw urlLink this and thought of you, adolph, and the scan lines you put on your ms150 graphic. Pretty neat.

 One of the things that I really like about urlLink MacRumors is that they don't "new window" link to other websites. This is a prime interface annoyance to me. Most of the time I command shift click in Safari to get a new tab behind the window, but in the times I just want to click through, I don't want to have to drag the link into the address bar because somebody things their website is the most important on the planet and should remain in an open wondow. urlLink Mac Rumors: Dual 1.8GHz PowerMac Released

 urlLink Wow! Thats a pretty big chunck of change for a G4, but this is going to make the original 15 look even more tiny.

 No, not that LA... urlLink Yahoo! News - Southern Drawls Confuse La. Phone System You'd think that they'd deploy a system that says "...press or say..." like everywhere else. In other news, I've returned from Miami, where I only left the conference for a night-time rendezvous in beachside hammock with Amber and five digit dinners with lots of raw oysters and stone crab and big fatty steak. Unfortunately, the brunch salmon on the final day got to me and I spent my free Saturday in the bed and by the toilet of a somewhat expensive South Beach hotel instead of sight-seeing. I still feel yuck today, and I attribute most of it to being knocked off food for less than a day or so. I'm completely food-dependant, an addict if you will, and can't imagine several days without real food, like Killy has faced. At least I still have enough energy to hustle to the bathroom!

 I did all these neg scans on my HP desktop scanner. Not very good, for output but fine for web viewing. I just noticed that my last two posts were 'posted' backwards....how do you guys read this thing? do you scroll down to the last recognizable post and then read back up? or do you read the most recent and then scroll down?

 Diagnosis: Starvation!? The last couple of days have been somewhat better. My mouth isn't so sore in the mornings and my breath isn't so bad. I've treid to ween myself off of vicodin since the extraction. I now take about 400 mg of Ibuprofin (motrin) instead. I got a phone call from my doctor with the results of my blood tests on friday afternoon. I had gone in for a true doctor visit on wednesday. According to my labs i was clinically going through starvation. I was aghast. Starving?, i asked. Yeah, are you eating?, she returned. By the time she had called me i had shoved a filet o' fish down my gullet. That didn't go down very well. It upset my fragile stomach for the rest of the afternoon. I don't remember if i ate anything else. My mouth was still really sensitive. My first REAL meal came on saturday afternoon. I ate oatmeal in the morning, and tried a full day of activities: we got the baby ready, left the house for the mall, then to target, and other miscellaneous activities. Our first stop was the mall. After about 1/2 hour i nearly collapsed from exhaustion/hunger. I walked out of there using the stroller to hold me up. I came back to the house and put a tuna sandwich in my belly and a glass of apple juice. I felt dizzy and lightheaded - like i had eaten a ten course meal. I collapsed in the bed and slept for about two hours. I felt a little better afterward and we tried again. Target, this time. 1/2 hour in there and i began to feel weak again. Carol was adamant about getting me a full meal. She asked me what i wanted: mexican food. We stopped at a small mexican place where i got a full plate of green chicken enchiladas w/ all the trimmings. With each bite i got dizzy and lightheaded again, but kept eating. I just powered it in. I got through all the beans, rice and ONE enchilada. I felt as full as i'd ever been. We walked the full feeling off at half price books (right next door) and then home for a full fledged nap. At the end of the evening...my breath didn't smell so bad. Like fresh beans, maybe...

 Sunday: Fresh Breath Fresh Breath! even in the morning...at least, comparatively. Most of the sores have subsided. The bites i had been giving the right side of my mouth are still a little sensitive as is the empty hole left by my wisdom tooth. We woke up and went to house of pies. I had a plate of bacon and eggs with eggbeaters rather than eggs and left most of the bacon. The hash browns were buttery and good and had just the right amount of 'crisp' (something the avalon diner just can't get right.) Came home and processed the four rolls of black and white film i have accumulated here at the house. adolfo iv slept peacefully and carol read The DaVinci Code, which, by the way, carol is flying through. She loves it. We went to Borders after breakfast so she could look at some DaVinci paintings up close. Processing film is a relatively simple process here at my mother's house. The fridge has a 'chilled water' outlet in it. At this time of year, the water comes out at EXACTLY 68 Believe it. Two 120 rolls of junk and two 35mm rolls of a day i spent at the beach with adolfo iv, adolph and amber, and another of....i don't remember. i'll scan some and get back with you...

 urlLink Mr. Bodacious : "''Progressive ideas are just a machine for ruining art,'' Currin said late one fall afternoon, sitting in his living room. ''I believe in the old idea of technique. I believe you need it if you're going to have magic and genius and masterpieces. No one would question the value of technique in any other field. No one would say that a tennis player would be better if only he could stop hitting the ball.'' "

 Governator 3 #this a {text-decoration:underline;color:blue;} Well I just watched Terminator 3 which as you all know stars the new Governor of California (He is to be sworn in today). Since the horrible, horrible Matrix 3 was still fresh in my mind the 3rd Terminator movie did not seem so bad by comparison. I actually thought that the story was OK, if badly delivered. Compared to other number 3's it ranks pretty good well. For example, it was better than urlLink SuperMan III , but worse than urlLink Godfather III . It was better than urlLink Planet of the Apes III , but worse than urlLink Star Wars III (by that I mean Return of the Jedi). It was certainly better than urlLink Phantasm III , urlLink Batman III , urlLink Rambo III and the third urlLink Herbie Goes Bananas movie but it was not as good as urlLink Rocky III or urlLink Indian Jones III . Of course it does not compare to some great number 3's like urlLink Red or urlLink The Ten Commandments III

 Periocronitis and the day without straws update: i went to the dentist where i discovered i had a condition called periocronitis. with this condition, the skin surrounding an exposed wisdom tooth is pinched beneath another tooth. the gingivo-stomatitis aggravated the skin around my wisdom tooth with a lesion, that in turn was pinched between another tooth, then, it swelled because of the pinching which, in turn, led to an aggrivation of the gingivo-stomatitis..... and so on and so on..... so what happened this morning was an extraction of my upper wisdom tooth to keep from pinching the bottom skin, therby facilitating the healing process. i'm already on antibiotics, so that's should help too. and of course, my precious, vicodin for pain. Now that i've had a tooth extracted, i can't drink anything through a straw or i'll break the clot that forms in the spot where my tooth once was. I guess i'll have to be spoon fed a smoothie.

 sorry did I say 65 gigs........????

 ?! 65 Gigs? I mean, come on...

 My Brother just installed Itunes for PC on his box. I am now able to share his 65+ gigs of music on mine. As soon as we installed it we enabled sharing and BAM that was it. Pretty Damn Cool

 Did anybody listen to urlLink Fresh Air's story about journalist Lutz Kleveman's book about the battle over oil reserves in the Caspian Sea? His new book is The New Great Game. The book is about the battle over the world's largest reserve of untapped oil and gas resources, located in the Caspian Sea and surrounding Central Asian republics. The oil alone is said to be worth $4 trillion. Kleveman claims that the United States, China, Russia and Iran are now engaged in a power struggle for control of the region's vast reserves and pipeline routes. Lutz Kleveman was born in Germany and studied at the London School of Economics. He has reported from war zones in the Balkans, Asia and the Middle East for the Daily Telegraph, Newsweek, CNN, The Independent, Der Spiegel and Die Zeit.

 New problem...Tooth Abcess I went to the doctor this morning. She look all around my mouth. I've got sores all right. Can't got back to work this week. I'm stuck at home. but also... "the 'sore' on your right is a tooth abcess, you need to get a dentist to look at that!" AUURRRGH! so i have an appt with a dentist (walkable distance from my mother's house) tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. my head is swimming with pain and hunger. I've made a small list of the things i want to eat when i get better: bowl of frosted flakes carol's morning potatoes carol's morning eggs carol's salsa carol's breakfast tacos carol's speciallly made hot dogs just for me a filet o' fish, french fries and a soda a cinnabon a big bowl of pad thai a slice of pizza a piece of toast a frullati chicken breast sandwich from the first colony mall food court a bowl of chili from quiznos (more to come....)

 Neato Burrito urlLink

 Everyone is doing it.... Taggart, if it makes you feel any better, even urlLink movie star's wives beat them.

 Little did i know... Todd , i should apologize, i thought it was you who jinxed me as Job.

 tuesday night.... i sat around the house with sores in my mouth all day. the pain of it is so all-consuming and frustrating that i can hardly think of anything else. i took as little medicine as possible; although, i'm about to pop another two vicodin to try and make my night a little more manageable. When carol got home, she took me to Smoothie King for a smoothie. I had forgotten that those things existed. Bless them... I have another dr's appt tomorrow at 10 a.m. where, hopefully, i'll get an extension to my work leave. My sores aren't getting any better and having to pop vicodin all day at work doesn't sound pleasant, even though some may disagree. The new Job? Please don't jinx me todd. The last thing i need are all my crops to die and house to burn down. but speaking of new Jobs, Paul is coming into town on the 24(?) to begin an illustrious career with piston design?!

 urlLink

 Holy Crap! urlLink It IS amazing, and so easy to use! As a matter of fact, once i finished using The Amazing Uploader Thing i had to...well, i better let the picture do the talking. this post was made using genuine, made-by-hand PaulWare&#8482; including Paper Lantern and The Amazing Uploader Thing.

 Sucks to be a P.C. user. urlLink Activation is Adobe's new pirating software. On a windows based computer after installation of Adobe's software and putting serial in you must either "Activate" the software; i.e. Photoshop, by calling adobe or doing said activation online. Wow. My dilema is a bit different. Manana I am going to a store to buy Photo CS. Why? Well I have to spend money. Why? because Canon Sucks HARD!!!. My Canon S40 takes Raw digital files. When I bought it the software that came with didnt have ANY OSX ware on it. So I SURFED my way over to Canon's website and downloaded a OSX compatable utility called simply "FILE VIEWER" not the best ever but it worked for conversions to tiffs. Not needing the software that came with I kept it just the same just in case. Almost a year later (two weeks ago) I give in and just throw it away. Now I am running .3 and well I figured that I would just waltz on over to Canon's Website and download it again. WRONG!!! NOW you need the origanal C.D. to install the software. I called customer service....they said I was Shit out of FREE luck. But I could BUY some for 35$.!!!!!!!!!!!! So I figured I would spend 50$ for the Photoshop RAW plugin so I could edit the RAW files in their natural state and convert them if need be. WRONG. Since CS now automatically supports RAW files (I checked the specs the S40 is supported) they have discontinued the ware. So here I am. Activision is not on the Mac version of CS. I have been wondering about becoming semi legal. Carl has voiced his support. Mark has as well. Here I go.

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Soros's Deep Pockets vs. Bush

 urlLink Mordern Times are a comin'. December 12th at the MFA.

 One of the things we are evaluating at work is going to an ASP (Application Service Provider, or outsourcing it to someone else) model for our online e-commerce activity rather than DIY (Do It Yourself, AKA Adolph makes it up as he goes, doesn't do a bad job of it, and saves the bacon now and then). One of the large disadvantages of the ASP is that the transaction costs are high: 5 to 6%. Our own effort costs us 2.5% and some of Adolph's effort. Our effort doesn't has as many bells and whistles, but those could be added. The significance of the additional 2.5 - 3.5% is that most of our fundraising comes from events and an increasing amount of that activity is online and would be subject to the ASP transaction percentage. If we are an "83 cents on the dollar goes to our mission" organization, would the additional 2.5 - 3.5% mean we are an "80 cents on the dollar organization?" Would the bells and whistles grow something faster than its natural rate of growth? Would it be worth growing if we were a less dollar efficient organization per fundraising dollar?

 If it makes you feel any better I have been asked who punched me at least 5 times today. You will recover and you will have lost some of that "baby" fat. Carol has the abililty to remind Kilito that she had the experience and discomfort of giving birth to him later on in life and you too will be able to describe your pain when Adolfo wrecks daddy's car. I will always till my dying days have this scar on my face.... to remind me that if I can tolerate this pain without the slightest bit of real anger or remorse (but just a little pretending for pity) that is how much I love Liz. See ya soon and I hope you recover soon.

 The Road to Recovery? Tuesday No change in the sores in my mouth. I woke up every hour last night. I finally got out of the bed at five, my mouth throbbing with pain. I couldn't open it, i couldn't close it; my mouth just hangs there dry like a burnt out house. I tried to drink water - painful. I went to the bathroom to rinse out and moisten my mouth. Slowly, very slowly. I fell asleep with my head down on the kitchen table again. I took my fourth antibiotic pill (on schedule) and another vicodin. I wiped my mouth with more kanka and went back to the bed at around 6 a.m. I woke up at 7 as my mother was leaving with Barbara and the baby to take barb to school. She had left me some oatmel in a small bowl. I tried to eat it while she was away. My mother makes oatmeal the way i love it: kinda lumpy. There's no real chewing involved, but there is some mashing that has to be done before you can comfortably swallow her oatmeal. I couldn't do it. Impossible. Too painful. I almost threw the bowl, i was so frustrated. Angry. Frustrated. How long am i going to live with this....

 re: Panther `Bug' And Uploading Big Blog Unfriendly Images urlLink Do you ever want to share some fotos on the blog, but lack the time, patience, software, know how, energy, computer, desire or opposable thumbs necessary to resize your images so that they are of a blog friendly file size and dimension? Well if you answered "yes" then I have the urlLink solution for you! Thats right, the urlLink Amazing Uploader Thing now features a Thumbnail Generator. Now you can upload all those high res jpegs of that something that you saw that one time! Enjoy! This offer of enjoyment is not valid in the states of Nebraska, Wyoming or Florida. The creator of the Amazing Uploader Thing drank too much coffee. Women in their fourth trimester should avoid using the Amazing Image Uploader. Also the Amazing Uploader Thing won't work with GIFs or TIFF's or any other image format ending in F whether it be capitalized or not.

 Panther 'bug' I seem to have come across something rather weird that has infected my computer for the last few days, and i wonder if anyone else has experienced this: There are occasions when my modem icon on my bar across the top will continually scroll "disconnecting...." when doing so. There is nothing i can do short of restarting to remedy it. I've tried to relaunch the finder; i've tried opening internet connect to maybe cancel the disconnect, but it doesn't work, at all. It scolls "disconnecting..." where my modem icon is. I can do anything else, but i can't do ANYTHING with the modem. It does it under these circumstances: 1. I close my laptop lid without disconnecting first. 2. From time to time, the modem 'unexpectedly hangs up' soon after it's connected. Many times i have to try and connect several times before i get a good connection. From time to time, it will 'disconnect' as part of this routine. the scrolling 'disconnecting...' will not go away.... This is really annoying cause i have to restart my computer every time this happens. i've looked at macintouch, but didn't find anything in their reader reports. has anyone else seen this anywhere else? adolph, have you experienced this? (i'm sure you haven't since you use an airport station...)

 Killy Love & the PRECIOUS So if i get addicted to vicodin you think i could do a shoot for versace? If i get addicted to vicodin but pull some good photographs while on it, can i stay on it? I think a good drug addiction might be just what the 'dr. ordered.'

 Know what Bret Farve, Courtney Love, Rush Limbaugh, Matthew Perry, and Cindy McCain, John McCain's wife have in common. Vicodin addiction. Be carefull dude. Seriously. Last time I had a root canal they gave me a script. Seriously I began to scare myself with them. Love ya dude Be Careful.

 Chocolate shakes and the PRECIOUS However bad for me they may be at this stage, i managed to suck a small one down with my eyes rolling back in my head from pure guilty pleasure. luckily, i do not have fever. meds: 9 p.m. - antibiotic. kanka. vicatin. so in about 45 mins i'm gonna talk to god.

 urlLink Chaosmint :: Articles

 I'm working on a new project that will first be implemented in Perl and then I plan to port it to ASP so it will run on our chapter website ( http://www.nmss.org/txh ). I am writing this to get Paul's advice and to outline the functions for myself. Project: Keyword Application Keyword application will be a single file that stores the application and data necessary for the execution and maintenance of a keyword based url redirection system. The idea is that instead of entering in a long URL, we want to point people to our chapter website "and enter keyword: foo." The user will go to the chapter website and then enter "foo" in a simple form. The form submits the keyword to the keyword application and the user is redirected to the desired URL. Additionally, the keyword application should be able to intelligently deal with mistyped keywords and the internal users' needs for keyword addition, correction and maintenance. If keyword.pl is the recipient of a keyword lookup form action: It should look up the url for that keyword. If there is a URL matching that keyword, then issue a redirect to the URL, else display message of none matching and display a list of valid keywords. If keyword.pl does not receive a form action: It should display a new keyword and URL form and display a list of current keywords with links to delete and update each. If keyword.pl receives a new form action: It should add the new keyword and url to the file and display the URL form and list of current keywords. If keyword.pl receives a delete url: It should delete the selected keyword and URL and display the URL form and list of current keywords. If keyword.pl receives an update url: It should display an update form with the selected keyword and URL information in it. If keyword.pl receives an update form action: It should update that keyword/URL with the keyword and URL in the update form and display the URL form and list of current keywords.

 I just tried to eat a banana.... Impossible. I couldn't get the small bite down my throat, even with my mouth numbed.

 Last night after a marvelous day spent with Elizabeth, she is so busy rarely do we get to spend whole days together; we were going to go to Mark's house for dinner watch a movie, and drink some wine. We usually bring Bodi, our dog, along to play with Mark's dog Milo. We both walked around the back of the car to load the pooch, Liz opened the back hatch, and I realized that my matte board, and matte cutter were laying down in the back. It all happened so quickly. Bodi usually takes a running start and leaps into the back, He loves car rides. I realized that if he jumped in my nice museum board matte boards would be ruined by his weight creasing them. "no,no,no,no!!!" I rushed forward to halt the Bodi. With cat like reflexes Liz slammed the back hatch. We are thinking that because she just got back from working out at the gym she was a little more pumped up than usual. Well as I came forward and the hatch came down....it came down on MY FACE. I was thrown to the ground......sprawled out flat. I recovered pretty quickly/ Liz found my glasses which were violently knocked off my face. My glasses were fine and at first inspection (my own using my hands) my head seemed to be fine. Liz was a little shocked and I declared "I am all right, no blood." A little shaken myself. Liz voiced her disagreement. She demanded that stay still while she got a towel. So I felt my nose and felt the blood, coming out the TOP of my nose, not the bottom where it is supposed to. I jumped up and ran to the bathroom ignoring her orders and saw the enormous tear running across the bridge of my nose. You could open and close the wound by pressing up along the bridge of my nose. I declared that stitches were in order and ran back to the car where liz met me with cotton balls and a towel. We arrived at St. David's emergency room. Signed in and waited for 2 hrs before the physician attended my nose. Dr. Szkrybalo at first was a little tense, he was having a rough night, nobody was happy and were dissatisfied with the E.R.'s service. Liz began telling him that next semester she would be doing a clinical in this very E.R. because she is a U.T. nursing student and things began to ease up. While he quilted my face I asked how long he had been practicing. 13 yrs as a E.R. doctor. He started as an Army doctor. The worst thing he had ever seen has a shark attack while he was stationed in Somalia, Mogadishu. The shark took the hip and leg off a twenty year old soldier swimming in the ocean when he wasnt supposed too. He died. Six stitches later I was done. Over 500 dollars of damage for my uninsured ass. Made it home a little before midnight after we stopped by Mark's to pick up a valume to help me sleep. Today I feel fine with little or no pain. The stitches come out in five days and I will post another picture of what that looks like.

 My own, My only, My PRECIOUS.... Monday The vicatin is nice, but he kanka is nicer. 20% Benzocaine does the trick. I woke up this morning at five unable to sleep again, after an hour of tossing and turning. I sleep in 1 1/2 long fits. It wasn't a goood night last night either. I ended up loaded my mouth up with kanka and falling asleep with my head on the kitchen table. It turns out that resting my forehead on my arm and sleeping is very comfortable for my mouth, cause it just hangs there. I did droll all over the table though. My mother came to the kitchen at 6 a.m. and covered me with a blanket. She sent me back to bed soon after. She wiped the entire table with a clorox solution. I had chicken and rice soup broth for breakfast, and a glass of water. I went back to sleep around 10:30 with a vicatin in my stomach. I just woke up to the feeling of my mouth again. I wiped my mouth with more kanka, scanned it and started typing... p.s. for the record, MY pc at work has 1GB of RAM.

 I tell you, I swear up and down by breast feeding. Not only did my little boy fight and beat this horrible disease that my husband now suffers from so terribly, but I never got it. Not yet anyway. I will be surprised if I do. We all sleep in the same bed with my poor sick husband, but I haven't gotten sick. Thank God. What would happen if I did though? Don't even want to think about it. Amber What is your email address???



 urlLink Mac OS X 10.3 Panther (11/2003) Arstechnica has been putting out fantastic in-depth reviews of Mac OS X every year. It is nice to read about 10.3.

 urlLink Photoshop Performance tests with 512MB to 8GB of RAM in PowerMac G5 Wow. 8GB of RAM. That is insane. My last computer came with a 10GB hard drive. I've never even touched a computer with 1GB RAM.

 I'm thinking that sometime next week I'll test out the Impression to iPod backup by installing 10.3 on the iBook at the office and then restoring the backup onto the newly clean iBook. The only thing I have on there is a MySQL database, which is easily backed up. I should work on a chron job to get that regularly backed up and zipped to a SMB share. The prize fulfillment stuff on that computer is kind of business important, and the hard drive is kind of noisy, I worry about it. What would I do if the HD in that iBook went down? Maybe get an external firewire bootable? Cron job script: mysqlexport ...foo gzip...foo Curl...foo

 urlLink Amber , The purchasing stuff online adds a level of elaborate-ness known as e-commerce. There are a few different routes you can go in that: Use a third party broker like iSpot. This is the least hassle for you. They handle the e-commerce mechanisms, payment processing, send you a check periodically. Pro: You focus on making art and a little bit of marketing, they handle things like getting a digital certificate, banking, accounting, shipping/fulfillment (maybe). Con: You lose margin to their costs, you lose a bit of control, while you can point to your work on their site or maybe even have editorial content there, your customers may see something else they prefer. DIY e-commerce shopping cart, third party payment processing would give you control over your own shopping cart system and push purchasers to an intermediary secure webpage for payment. If you go with something like urlLink PayPal.com , then you don't have to have a merchant account with a bank, but you lose more to transaction costs. If you go with something like urlLink Verisign's PayFlow Link you have to have a urlLink merchant account , which seems like it is easier to get now-a-days. Pro: Lower transaction costs, you control your product/website, you don't have to get a digital certificate for secure payment processing. Con: better transaction costs that going third party, but not as good as your own stuff. Your purchasers will go through a third party for the payment part. Total DIY probably only makes sense if you are a business worried about branding, wanting to keep control over every step of the process, etc. In this scenario you have to purchase a digital certificate from Verisign or Thawte (a Verisign company). A digital certificate is a special key file that locks the encryption between a user's computer and the server so that anyone eavesdropping on the conversation between the user and the server just sees gobledy-gook. You can actually generate a digital certificate on your Mac, however, Verisign and Thawte provide "signing" services: Web Browsers look for a special bit to the certificate that means that it was okayed by Verisign or Thawte. There are other services, but none as accepted as those two. Pro: You control each step of the process depending on nothing other than your website; you probably get the best rates depending on volume. Con: You have to set up each step of the process. And spend a few hundred on the digital certificate, and worry about having a Dun's number to do business, and get a merchant account, etc.

 The long road to Diagnosis: Gingivitis-Stomatitis This is a combination of infections affecting my tounge and the gums. Severe infections (which I unfortunately am saddled with) cause small painful ulcers on the gums, tonsils, foul breath, and bleeding gums. This may be accompanied by fever. I got this from my son, who i had taken the dr. on tuesday of last week, he had some sores in his mouth that were bothering him. The dr. blamed it on a virus, signed us out and shipped us back home. Those are the worst dr. visits, when the doctor can't even do anything for you. It's on those days when the doctors might as well be your kooky witch doctor uncle or that hippie aunt, who swears by a tequila mouthwash for cold sores. Well, adolfo thrived that week. Carol noticed that he wasn't eating as ferociously as he normally does, which was prolly in part to the discomfort in his mouth. I was fine, until Thursday I woke up feeling feverish, but not physically hot. Just really strange. Thinking back, i can't remember when I felt the first sores in my mouth. I continued with my day, more because i had to, than because i wanted to. Carol was in Raleigh, NC for the night and was flying back in that evening. I got to work and sat with a resident for four hours attaching arrows to radiological images for a Dr. G's RSNA poster. 70 images with arrows on each one. It was gruesome. I was dizzy the whole time, and even though i know my office was cool i was sweating. We took a break at 10:15. I ran immediately to the nearest nurses station and had my temperature taken: 98.7. Normal. ( Diana/Liz: is there a name for feeling feverish, but not actually having a fever?) I sat back in my office somehow made it through placing arrows. By that time, i knew i was not going to last much longer. I told my boss that i was going to go home early and made all the necessary arrangements. I left the hospital, took the bus to the car (i park the car near the museum and take the bus in when carol is gone), and drove directly home. I napped for an hour and a half and then loaded up the baby and got on the tollroad at 6 headed for the airport. I made it there right at 7:30, when carol's flight was supposed to have arrived. I was sweating in the car. My head was pounding. Luckily, the baby was asleep peacefully in his carseat. Carol didn't show up till 8:30. My head was pounding and since adolfo iv hadn't seen his mom in a day he cried, the whole way home. I was bent over in pain. Fitful sleep. This first night i am restless. My mouth is swollen and dry with sores, i am drinking water all night. My body is aching with every movement. Friday I am too sick to get out of the bed. Carol stays home from work cause the baby is not feeling too well either. I am pumping myself full of tylenol, water, and soups. My fever is a constant 100 all day. My sores are beginning to freak me out. This is the day when every medicine in the cabinet comes out. I am using orajel to sooth my sores; i am taking tylenol and motrin; to get some rest, my mother buys me a new bottle of nyquil. I take it all. The final blow: i mouthwash with a cupful of Tres Generaciones Tequila. It was smooth and it helped me sleep. Saturday The fever broke this night. My side of the bed was wet with sweat. My sleep was interrupted by applications of orajel and glasses of water taken into my body as if i had never had water before. I drank it over the sink slowly (it was becoming harder and harder to swallow comfortably.) The sores in my mouth were more bothersome. I rinsed and gargled with salt water. This seemed to help. I stayed in bed most of the day, doped up on motrin and tylenol. It was official: i could no longer 'eat'. All i could do was drink. Somehow, in my sickly stupor, i was convinced it couldn't get worse and i would feel better on sunday. Sunday I woke up at 3 a.m. coughing. I could feel new sores in my throat. There had been an explosion of sores in my mouth. My mouth was swollen with sores, my saliva tasted like blood. My breath could melt glass. I put on my jeans, and told my wife i was driving myself to the emergency room. She stayed with the baby. My mother wouldn't let me go alone. She drove me to methodist hospital in sugarland. She put the windows down because she couldn't stand the smell of my breath. I was there for four hours: two in the waiting room and two in the exam room. Everyone who looked in my mouth was visibly shocked (two nurses and one doctor.) I was prescribed comfort medicine, since this childhood disease is caused by a virus: 20 vicatin pills, 20 antibiotic to prevent secondary infection of the sores, and a substance called 'magic mouthwash' to deaden my mouth. I also got doctor's orders to stay home from work for three days this week because i am extremely contagious. ( my biggest question is if this one of those diseases that will 'bounce back and forth'??? ) So i've been in and out of conciousness all day today, with no REAL relief. I'll let everyone know how things go these next few days.

 urlLink StrategyPage.com - Gallery Pretty amazing stuff. I'm not certain if the turret blew off or if the entire thing was blown upside down and they pulled the hull off the turret. In the shots where you can see the turret, the interior seems pretty intact. Since it is physically improbable that the ammunition cooked of and blew the turret off, my guess is that the loader and TC were the KIA, the gunner the WIA and the driver the survivor. In the details: lots of fluid around the tank means that nothing caught on fire per say, just diesel and hydraulic fluid everywhere; a kevlar helmet on the ground near one of the skirts, the front few skirts are made of incredibly heavy armor, it takes and enormous hit to take them off like that; no tracks, did they take them off before they flipped the hull back over? It may have been easier to pull them off when it was upside down than when it was right-side up; the damage to the suspension was probably mostly from the mines and partly from rolling it back over. In an image of the hull, you can see the door next to the turret ring open and the gun tube cleaning pipes partly out. I had forgotten about that stuff on that side. On the other side of the turret ring is the NBC system. Seeing the hull without a turret reminded me of cruising around the country north of El Paso thinking that it would be really cool to have an M1 without the turret. It isn't a slow feeling vehicle, but without the weight of the turret it would make a real fun off road vehicle. You could put in some seats and maybe a sun-shade of some sort in place of the turret and have a nice camper. The back deck is large and flat and stays warm from engine heat for a long time.

 Flash Gallery, First Impressions, Computer Questions Flash Gallery Because I needed to brush up on my ActionScript but mostly because I have zero social life I re-worked my online Flash gallery. To maximize how tedious the whole project would be I decided to do everything programatically and not draw anything on the stage... It was a total pain in the arse but I think it turned out well... Both the urlLink flash gallery and the urlLink html version are fed data from the same xml document- which makes updating them both super easiy! Now if I only had some new paintings to add...

 Thanks for all the great info, Adolph! Basically, we just want a few paragraphs of text, about 10-20 images, maybe a few links, perhaps a way to purchase prints and custom pieces on-line -- nothing too elaborate, really -- I'll look into registering the domain name and go to the apple store to see what they recommend in terms of software. Muchas gracias!! Those are beautiful images, Paul.

 Some Pics Here are some fotos that I was unable to share earlier because I had lost the cable to my camera... This is a shot of the St. Louis Arch. I think that this monument is one of the most beautiful I have ever seen. The story about how it was built is pretty interesting too.

 I just did my first backup using urlLink Impression . It was my documents folder, about 4.5 gigs worth of material. It went to the iPod and took a little less than 2 hours. I'm still working out how I wan't to get this done. What gets archived to dvd, what gets incrementally backed up to cd or iPod....?

 urlLink iSpot.com has a pretty wide variety of pricing parameters. Put an illustration in your shopping cart and then click calculate price.

 urlLink Amber, Domain Name: To get anthonyfreda.com you must register anthonyfreda.com with a domain name registrar. The biggest (and not the cheapest) of these is urlLink verisign.com . Most domain name registrars also offer web site hosting or at least domain name parking, where you can reserve a domain name before you get hosting set up. One thing to be on the look out for: some registrars actually register the domain name in their name and then you rent it from them. While any domain name has a periodic fee attached, getting locked into a renting arraignment will limit your flexibility long-term. Web Site Hosting: Web site hosting generically describes the wide variety of services available to store your website and send web pages to people who request them. In evaluating web site hosts, you first have to decide if you want: Co-location: where you own the computer and rent a space in a datacenter with power and a network connection. You pay for bandwidth too. Probably not what you are looking for. Dedicated Hosting: where they own the computer and you rent it from them and pay for bandwidth too. They take care of computer maintenance and backups. Nobody else's website is on the computer. Probably overkill for you. Shared Hosting: where you are renting usage on a computer that is shared with other people (which is invisible to you and to your website visitors). More affordable than dedicated hosting, they take care of computer maintenance and backups. This is probably what you want. DIY Hosting: where you buy an internet connection and a computer and have the domain name point at it. This is funner, but probably not what you are looking for. To evaluate hosts you will be looking for: Reliability Space How much stuff can you put on the server? If you are putting up a lot of Anthony's work, then you may need additional space. Bandwidth describes how many web pages/images can your web site host serve up. What is the maximum traffic you think you will have? Is that less than a standard hosting plan? What does additional bandwidth cost from a hosting company? Database/Scripting Access depending on how you build your site, you may need access to a database back end or a scripting language. In part, the web site development will pick your host because most hosts do not support unlimited languages. At its most basic you are looking at Microsoft's ASP (Active Server Pages) or a Unix host with Perl, PHP (PHP Hypertext Preprocesor). Either can also run languages like JSP (Java Server Pages) or CFM (Coldfusion Markup). Cost most expensive may not be more reliable or offer as many goodies Other features such as email hosting, backups, etc. Web Site Development: How does a web site get built? You probably want something a little more elaborate than some text files. What is the purpose of the web site? Is it simply an Internet brochure? Does Anthony also want to use it as a tool for clients to download art? Once you get some theoretical questions out of the way and figure out what you want to do, the web site developer outlines functional requirements for the web site and analyzes whether off-the-shelf software can be used or if you should invest in custom software. The balance between the choices can be described as "no need to reinvent the wheel" vs. "can't put a square peg in a round hole." Other key considerations along with web site function are navigation, graphics, and initial content.

 urlLink The Matrix Revolutions (2003): Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Andy Wachowski, Larry Wachowski

 urlLink ... Full Speed Ahead! President Bush Signs Partial Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003 From L to R, The Nazgul (photo courtesy White House)

 Hey guys, I actually have some computer questions for once, and I thought instead of taking the subway all the way to the Soho Apple store, I could just ask ya'll, instead. Anthony and I want to set up a website for his artwork -- we want to set up an easily identifiable page, somethlink like "anthonyfreda.com" -- and then we need to build the site. 1st: How do we reserve a specific domain name? 2nd: How do we build the site on our own? We need something very user-friendly because we really don't know a lot about html, etc. Right now, he's using a very expensive host site that sets up the page for him completely, but he has very little creative control and he's grouped with a lot of other artists, so we really want to have something that we can change whenever we want, add new images, text, links, etc, and also that is easy for clients to remember when they want to see his work on the web. Any ideas?

 Happy New Year everyone! Hoping that everyone has a happy and healthy beginning to 2004!



 Happy New Year Y'ALL!!!! run dmc

 urlLink MP3 Gym

 iStop Motion? todd: did you use istop motion to make that little animation?

 i have long wondered if we would ever make the coveted 'Fresh Blogs' list, and we have. this image captures our historic moment of triumph. let all rejoice and celebrate this red letter day!

 &nbsp;here ya go. who needs iSight? check urlLink this out. I mostly like how well (sort of) it loops.

 Can Someone please place the aims' of Paul. Dave. Todd. and anyone that I cannot think of right now.

 Another low tech try I was thinking that you could accomplish something by placing a small sized flat mirror directly behind the transparency. You would have to play around with the settings tho. If you only had a flatbed scanner w/o the transparency adapter, your scanning options would be limited.

 Lazy Sunday Whoever is reading this i'm sure that it is cloudy, cool, and occasionally rainy. That is the way it has been most of the day here in sugarland. First thing this morning i had to search the car for a cache of diapers cause we frantically realized there wasn't a diaper in the house. Luckily for adolfo iv, his parents keep a loaded diaper bag in the car: enough, at least, to keep him dry for the rest of the day. I walked outside without shoes and realized quickly that it had rained that night. The car was pebbled with water drops. Later that afternoon, the sun was out, but not for very long. I took advantage of it tho... but then all of a sudden, the clouds rolled in. We spent the entire afternoon cleaning the house and playing with the baby...

 Take your transpanency and place a white piece of paper behind it, put them on the scanner close the lid and place something real heavy on the lid. kinda low tech. I'm sure the nerds on this blog will have technically correct approaches. HAPPY TO ALL YE CHRISTMAS TO BE YES HAVING!!!!!

 Another day off Adolfo IV slept like a rock after being at adolph's. Didn't wake up at all last night, but he did wake up at 7:30 and slap me in the arm to wake me up. We got ourselves together pretty quickly cause carol had her xmas spa appointment @ 10 A.M. Once we dropped off carol, the baby and i headed to whataburger for his favorite breakfast: eggs, potatoes, a patty of sausage and biscuit. We picked it up at the drive-thru and headed straight for adolph's place. He ate only a couple of bites and explored every corner of adolph's apartment, as he always does. We decided to get him out of the house. We walked along the metrorail tracks and headed towards the fountains near the cancer survivors memorial. We kicked the soccer ball around, we ran through the grass ... we tired him out, totally. When we made it back to adolph's both of them laid down on his 'bed' and went straight to sleep. It was cute. Unfortunately, i was charging the camera battery the whole time we were out (i'm buying a spare soon, or course.) By the time i got back, it was fully charged; however, he was asleep.... 2 1/2 hours later... We picked up mom and went stright to eat at Jason's Deli. He devoured his lunch and basked in his mom's love. It's always so satisfying to see them together after they haven't seen each other for so long.

 A relaxing day at dolph's and the museum Lunch and a nice overcast day out at the sculpture garden in front of the Glassel School of Art. Waiting for paul to arrive; even brent (from germany) may show up. A nice nice lazy lazy day.

 I Installed CS InDesign has a toolbar now. So, does that make you happy todd? The file browser in Photoshop is really nice too. I didn't make all that thorough of a check, but i think the automate option now resides in the file browser exclusively. Today: Halo!

 urlLink A picture every five minutes during the drive from Houston to Shreveport. 1.2 meg movie.

 Merry Christmas 7:19 A.M. - woke up to my son's smile. Carol took him to grandma's bedroom to wake her up. I took that opportunity to slip a couple of gifts i had been hiding in my sock drawer under the tree. We all opened gifts and emptied our stockings. The baby went straight for the new car, which was recently assembled (1 a.m.) the previous night. He loved it. Carol was happy with her digital camera I came away with an armload of new clothes and a couple of cool books. We had a great breakfast and headed to my sister's house with a carload of presents. Diego really liked his automatic chocolate milk mixer cup, and dezma had a blast with her shopping cart once it was put together. My sister also made a full breakfast with fresh tortillas. Then, off to my aunt cynthia's house, where we are now. The baby came away with a toy car. Now, Carol is putting him down to sleep and I am losing energy, fast. very fast....

 Merry Christmas!

 and beautiful gingerbread men!

 Gingerbread Man! I have been spending the last couple of days up Denver with the folks. The whole family is together and we have been having a blast. As usual we had a lot of fun with Gingerbread. Check out this urlLink movie (3.3 MB) and witness one of the Mercado Family Christmas traditions! Low-bandwith stills can be found urlLink here . Also, Merry Christmas and/or Happy Holidays to All!

 The whole damn family is sick Took the boy to the doctor yesterday. The official diagnosis is urlLink croup . He's got a horrible cough that wakes him up everytime he hacks while he's sleeping. His little body became hot with fever in the middle of the night and we had to struggle to give him medicine. Then, he gagged on one of his coughs right after he had nursed and threw up all over the bed. Changed all the sheets. Luckily work was dead. totally dead. the hospital was empty. I was let go at noon...and the xmas break begins.

 Thanks for all the feedback -- I'll try leaving the scanner lid open first to see if I can save a buck or two. Happy holidays everyone!!

 Diana is the smartest girl in the world. Upon completion of her first (and hardest) semester of PA school her grades were reported as a perfect 4.0. i mean, damn, check out the big brain on diana.

 I was thinking the easiest thing to do is to leave the lid open, letting the sun light up the transparency. But what do I know? Maybe you could concentrate the powers of the sun with a mirror or a magnifying glass. You could practice "burn the ants" with your scanner head! Killy, Todd, remember that old hand held SCSI scanner? Whatever happened to that old thing?

 Firefight, firefight, firefight! Once everyone gets back from holiday, we've got to take this guy out.

 Signing our names in, o, maybe 12 more months? I figured i should keep urlLink this around in case adolph or i have to sign up.

 Quick Reading list for the xmas week I've picked up a good book recently: 1. Brunelleschi's Dome Fillippo Brunelleschi was a goldsmith and clockmaker that would essentially re-discover architectural principals used by the ancient romans thereby revolutionizing the then current method of dome building used throughout europe: gothic flying buttresses and wooden centering. The dome of the Santa Maria del Fiore church in Florence was originally conceived by Neri di Fioravanti in the mid 1300's that included a dome that would be the highest vault ever constructed. At the time of conception, no one really knew how it would be built. It's been a super-interesting read so far. There is a good amount of history and a lot of recognizable characters that put a lot of other things i've read into perspective (the medici's, donatello, giotto, etc...) I actually bought it as a xmas gift for my cousin who is going to be travelling in italy soon, but i read the first chapter at Borders and was hooked. Carol found a used copy for about 1/2 the price online at amazon and ordered it for me. The second book is a Kenzaburo Oe title that i hadn't seen before: Rouse Up O Young Men of the New Age! (exclamation point included) It's a father-son/father of the father-father relationship book. Will report when i get into this one.

 Adolph is exactly right. The easiest thing to do would be to get a print made from that slide and then scan it.

 A transparency adapter is typically a scanner lid with a light built into it. I think the reason for it is that the transparency is not as reflective as a piece of paper. The light in the lid shines though the transparency and allows the scanner sensor to pick up the full wealth of colors in the transparency.

 Yes, it's a flatbed -- I'm not sure about the transparency adapter -- I'm looking all over the scanner and I don't see anything like that -- is that something I have to buy separately?

 Lots of questions amber : what kind of scanner were you using? was it a flatbed? is there a transparency adapter on it?

 Does anyone out there know how to scan an image from a transparency into Photoshop? We tried scanning at 600 dpi in color and it came out very opaque and black. Is there a trick to the configurations, or possibly the method of scanning?

 urlLink

 . . . enjoying reading Apple's "Pro" user interview series? urlLink Apple - Pro/Film - Walter Murch : "The other thing is we shot and printed 600,000 feet of film, which is about 113 hours of material. The film is 2 hours 30 minutes long, so that's a 30 or 40 to 1 ratio. The first time we put it all together it was over 5 hours long. So you find more inventive ways to compress the story to find out what can be eliminated that not only doesnt affect the story, but actually, by its elimination, improves things by putting into juxtaposition things that formerly were not. It was a very complex orchestration, shrinking it by half."

 hey everybody, we're going to lubbock! if there is an uglier name for a town out there please let me know. merry christmas and all of that. we are planning a trip to houston after christmas some time. details to follow.

 urlLink Mac Rumors: Apple Mac Rumors and News You Care About Non rumor news: Mac OS X 10.3.2, Quicktime 6.5, iTunes 4.2, Battery Update, is anyone installing all of these things? I've heard good feedback about battery update, I don't trust the feedback about 10.3.2 yet, and I'm really wary of Quicktime 6.5 and iTunes 4.2, more out of "if it ain't broke don't fix it" mentality than anything else.

 LOTR And The Positronic Brain Killy, Carol, Adolph and I saw LOTR too last night. Even though some of my favorite scenes from the book didn't make the cut (like the scene where the King of the Nazgul busts in the gate at Minis Tirith exclaiming "heeeeeer's the Witch King" a la the Shinning) I still enjoyed most of the 3.5 hours. I even liked Peter Jackson's additions: like that scene right before the battle for Minis Tirith where the Orc General notices that one of the new orc recruits is scared and so he tells him the story about how he used to be a dentist specializing in Troll Orthodontics and General Goblin Orthondonistry and that he ran a modest practice up in northern Morder until one day a Troll patient woke up too soon from the anaesthesia and bit his hand off, leaving only a misshapen, lumpy stump. I think it is great that Jackson added a scene like that to show that hey, orcs are just these guys you know? Also, If you were intrigued by the urlLink I ROBOT commercial then you may like urlLink this book. And if you have some time this Christmas holiday for some more reading I suggest you read the rest of the robot series starting with urlLink The Caves Of Steel and ending with urlLink The Naked Sun (or maybe even urlLink Robots and Empire - but that is only worth it, I think, if you read the urlLink Foundation Series ...). Not only are they interesting sci-fi detective stories but they also offer valuable insights into robot culture/behaviour. I definitely see my robotic household assistant in a different light now that I have read these books!

 Saw the LOTR last night at Midnight.... Took my mind off of EVERYTHING for a good 3.5 hrs. Saw this commercial..... urlLink I ROBOT NOW

 urlLink MacDevCenter.com: Elementary Computer Graphics: Drawing with Pixels [Dec. 16, 2003] I don't think it isn't too early to start, Killy.

 Killito: Knock Knock Mom: Who's there? Killito: In the... Mom: In the who? Killito: Egg Nog Mom: In the egg nog?

 Has been a boon for digital photographers everywhere.

 urlLink Yahoo! News - Cardinal Says U.S. Treated Saddam 'Like a Cow' : "despite all the heavy blame he bears" Yeah, because he isn't going to hell, or some other supernatural punishment meted out conveniently post-mortem by the invisible man, just like all the other tyrants aided and abetted by the Vatican over its time on this earth. This morning I was thinking, "how is it that Juan Williams thinks he is going to get anything close to the truth asking about intellegence gleaned from Saddam?" Lets see, government official will just spurt out "oh yeah, Juan, Saddam told us . . . , and Saddam told us . . . and as a result our work is nearly done." Does Williams think that government officials are evil villians to his smooth NPR James Bond and they are going to give away their plot?

 Egg Nog? Can anything else besides eggs be nogged?

 urlLink macosxhints - 10.3: View Expos animation in slow motion You know, some things are so obvious that you'd think you would have known them all along, but then someone comes along and reminds you of something you didn't know but fits like a jigsaw puzzle-piece into everything else you knew. In any case, it is really cool to hit , and on completion, hit . So Cool, then hit again and lather, rinse, repeat.

 I am sorry to hear of your loss Taggart. My Grandfather died just last month. I know it means much to your grandmother to have you there to help her. My family and I will say a prayer for your family.

 Seems like you need to ask santa for some rogaine, SUCKA.

 image well test

 Spiderman Can! I invite you to check out this urlLink trailer for the next Spiderman movie. It is gauranteed to brighten your day! Also urlLink ImageWell is super neat ! Definitely the way to upload images to the blog ... it even puts the html img on the clipboard for you!

 urlLink Apple - Pro/Film - John D. Lowry A hunnert G5's with 3.5 gigs of RAM each. . . .

 Taggart, May you and your mother be infused with strength to make it through a sorrowful time.

 urlLink Image Well Very well executed application. Paul, you should check this out.

 I am praying for your family and tell your mom I am praying for her to find strength after having gone through that. Your grandmother is in a better place. Good luck and lot's of love.

 Condolences Taggart : So sorry to hear about your grandmother and even more sorry that your mother had to see your gran go out that way. I am eternally thankful that my mother just watched my grandmother take her last breath as she was sleeping in a hospital bed. I know my mother wouldn't have been able to handle what your mother went through. Our prayers go to your grandmother and mother. Be careful driving to the valley and return to us healthy.

 Saturday Night after running the Trail of Lights here in Austin my Brother called me and told me my Grandamother had just died. Liz and I packed quickley and drove that night and arrived at 3:30 am. My Mother was very distraught being the initial witness to my Grandma's heart failure and having to perform CPR. We spent the morning making the arrangments. The funeral is going to be Tuesday morning. We left the Valley after 6:30 p.m. it is now 3 to One. I have a big day of work ahead of me tommorrow and it is my official anniversary. We are heading back late tomorrow night. For those of you who pray please say a prayer for my Grandmother, my Mother and my family. I hope all of you are doing well.

 I was thinking it was going to be "Being uncouth at every course of the meal . . . Priceless!" Happy Anniversary this 15th Taggart and Liz!

 Driskell Grill 1st Coarse Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras & Hot Smoked Bandera Quail 30$ 2nd Coarse Quail Terrine & Wild Mushroom Salad 26$ 3rd Coarse Lamb Chops & Roasted Duck 72$ Bottle of Wine 48$ Creme Brulee & Chocolate Truffle 13$ Pleasure of Writing 223 Dollar Anniversary Dinner to Mark Knight's House Account PRICELESS!!!!!

 boys will be boys blogPile sounds like something Adolph would take glee in talking about, in a lowered voice followed by not so discreet chuckling.

 nikon capture Killy i lied to you. i am a cur, a retch, cad and rake. it turns out that paul does not, in fact, have a copy of nikon capture. please forgive my transgression.

 Anybody have Dave's home address? It is missing on my vCard of him. I guess it would be the same as Mr. Serpa's old address....

 Surgery! Our buddy Dave is having surgery tomorrow. It seems that the organs in his body are being terrorized by a gall-bladder gone rogue. The Doctors have decided that a pemptive strike is the best way to insure Dave's safety. The operation will happen sometime tomorrow morning... Also, I am posting this from the Kraftsmen Bakery on Montrose. Here there 3 wireless networks to chose from!

 urlLink Jeffrey Zeldman Presents: If Filmmakers Were Web Designers II I read this thinking, if filmmakers were web designers then the web would probably have big text that scrolls off into space....

 urlLink BJORK CONCERT FLASH , cool.

 I velcro-ed the iSight to the sun screen of the Beetle today, and caputured my morning commute.

 My favorite My favorite bad word emerged from meagan and my banter. If i remember correctly, that day she had greeted me with a particularly mean insult. i can't remember it exactly but it was mean. as i was leaving the apt (on burleson) later that day i hugged her and whispered in her ear: clitless whore. she was devastated. adolph: what the hell is dromedary's sun?

 Fuck fuck fuckity fuck shit damn dam SCO bitch dromedary's sun. Nope, seems like Blogger doesn't filter anything.

 Fights and design My sister, barbara, got suspended at school for getting into a fight. It really wasn't much of a fight, just some pushing around and punches at the air. No one was hurt, but two mother's were smokin' mad, especially mine! I was joking with barbara and did a search for a urlLink black eye (she doesn't have one) and came across urlLink this site that i think todd might like.

 My darling brother, Miguel, aka Mike, (I think all of you met him) is considering starting a little business in Lockport. He asks this question... Now that I have time, I want to look at info on shutter speed, aperture, etc. Do you know any books or web sites on this? So I asked him this... What kind of computer do you have at home? A DELL Have you considered Digital photography? YES What type of business are you thinking of starting up? Portraits & portfolios Do you already have a camera? If so, what kind is it? A digital camera. Kodak . I don't know what other questions to ask him but I thought this might be helpful. Can you gentlemen post your ideas on the Blog when you have some time? Thanks! Taggart. I am impressed at how valiant you were in protecting your tender wife. I am sorry that you had to live through such a harrowing experience...that's pretty freaky stuff. Be careful.

 Pachanga? Anyone heading to karl's pachanga this weekend? Also, urlLink this is creepy.

 Now THAT'S bad Breakfast one bowl of Fiber One. one banana Taggart and Liz Get out of there. I wouldn't waste a single day. Leave. Had both a dentist and dr. appt today. My teeth are in dire need of cleaning, filling, building-up, and capping. I've got appt's spanned throughout the beginning months of 2004. My physical went well. No lumps, bumps, or otherwise obvious signs of disease. I might have some sort of allergy cause my nose is a little swollen (and i just thought it was big!) My next appt in two months will be an update on my cholesterol.

 Plagued by troublesome 'women of the evening' or inebriated frat-boys? You need the Ho Bat! Constructed (in mexico) of all-American hardwoods the Ho Bat is compact enough to wield effectively in hallways and living rooms, yet sturdy enough to bring a maddened hooker under control in short order! Order yours Today! not a real product, please do not attempt to order

 This game is so bad-ass. So simple, yet so fun, think of it like competition Tetris on speed.

 LightCycles Not spending eneogh time in front of a computer? Then check out urlLink Armagetron , the super fun Tron LightCycle game! Adolph and I tried it out over a LAN last night and had a blast.

 &nbsp; ( This post is satire; it does not condone violence against anyone, including but not limited to sex workers, alleged crack addicts or obviously drunk white college students; nor does it imply a besmirchment of community-based policing or direct action. )

 for christmas. jeez tag, that's screwed up. there must be somewhere else you can live for a similar price that does not involve so much wildlife. on the plus side; you are getting valuable experience in dealing with random, chaotic events in a cool, detached manner. i am pretty sure that two police reports will earn you a 'get out of my lease free' card. and rabid crack 'ho's running amuk in the living room is far more stressful than raccoon carcasses, i promise.

 urlLink Guy gets job offers from Amazon and Microsoft.

 Reactions from around the world: "If you don't feed them, they won't come around, you know?" "That's what happens when Metro comes to your neighborhood. . ." "Tell your brother to get less psycho girlfriends!" "White college kids, huh? Maaan, that is a fucked up 'hood." "At least it isn't a flea infested racoon under your house . . ."

 Twice Since I have lived at 616 I have had to call the cops. The first time was in August. At 3 am I heard footsteps on my front porch. I get up go outside. There are three drunk white college kids sitting on my front porch. WHAT THE FUCK. I tell them that I am going to count to three and that they had better get the fuck off my porch. I made it to two and then they saw my brother and tore ass out of there. Tonight. Liz and I are watching Two Towers and then we hear screaming. not screaming in a Nosgul kind of in the distance but on my front porch front door opening screaming running through my house. Then at the door of my bedroom banging screaming doorknob turning screaming leap out of my bed stopping big fat crack whore from coming into my fucking room. Crack whore screaming that a man is chasing her with a gun. ME screaming get the fuck out of my house. HEART pounding woman pounding on my door. She runs into my brothers room (how fun is that). ....................................................................... I dont know what she has drugs gun knife I was just barracading the door. Once I heard that she went into my brothers room I ran out grabed the phone passed it to liz and 911 started to happen. She convinces my brother to call 911 Lock Liz and I in the bathroom. Bang on the front door of the Police. Strung out Crack whore is hallucinating. Police intervention. I am getting out of this place

 "I think audioblogging would be cool if you could like make fart noises on it," says me. "You better get AppleCare . . ." says Paul. So I got CS in today and haven't done anything but install it, as I've been in meetings. I was thinking it would have been cool to take "box opening" pictures, but I didn't bring the camera today. So this post is confirmation that CS is here, it installed and I haven't opened up anything yet.

 Dec 9, 2003 5:12 A.M. HOUSTON, TX, US OUT FOR DELIVERY 5:05 A.M. HOUSTON, TX, US ARRIVAL SCAN 2:45 A.M. HOUSTON, TX, US DEPARTURE SCAN 1:58 A.M. HOUSTON, TX, US ARRIVAL SCAN Dec 8, 2003 9:39 P.M. MESQUITE, TX, US DEPARTURE SCAN 3:30 P.M. MESQUITE, TX, US ORIGIN SCAN Dec 5, 2003 5:20 A.M. US BILLING INFORMATION RECEIVED Whoah, almost here....

 Funny I think this is funny

 Took pictures of Sara Sharp today. She plays at Momo's every Monday. or something.

 Dec 08, 2003 03:30:30 PM MESQUITE TX US ORIGIN SCAN Dec 05, 2003 05:20:03 AM US BILLING INFORMATION RECEIVED Dec 04, 2003 07:47:29 AM Campbellsville KY USA SHIPPED Getting closer....

 urlLink Powerbook G4 15in Alum Take-Apart Interesting, the PB G4 15" has two fans...

 There is a garage apartment behind my bosses House. I think rent is 550$ a month..... I will place post pictures of it later this afternoon.

