 urlLink self portrait is now posted. nudity ... nudity ... nudity ...

 1. if you had to eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be? Reese's Pieces. 2. are you happy with your life right now? what would you change, if anything? i'm happier than i thought i could be, but i still want to be earning better money and playing more Dr. Mario. 3. do you think you are the smartest member of the bloghouse? no... wait... yeah, no. 4. what is your biggest guilty pleasure? i have so many, but it has to be a tie between power ballads and Star Trek. somebody help me. 5. do you tend to be aware of your surroundings? in other words, if i were standing behind you with a cream pie right now, would you be able to duck before i hit you with it? i claim to be very aware, though my glazed-over gaze suggests otherwise.

 1. Everyone is obsessed with one movie or series of movies, what's yours? Evil Dead series.. if it wasn't obvious. (I have one of the largest "stuff from that movie series" collections ever) 2. Can you play an instrument? What is it? Bass guitar, oh yes, I rock out. 3. Biggest money wasting vice? Either my compulsive buying of DVDs or any new technology. 4. Have any phobias, allergies, or compulsive behaviors? No, no, and I must bank-face all moneys in my wallet in order from least to greatest at ALL times. 5. How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? Because I said so.

 two drunk women, urlLink marci and her best friend urlLink melanie , get together with two smartasses, urlLink belle and urlLink boz , in an AIM chatroom late on a Friday night? 1.Roger Ebert a. dead or alive b. his sexuality c. where he puts his thumbs 2. Iowa a. it doesn't exist 3. Melanie a. 11.3 months without sex b. infomed by the boy she always took for granted over the phone that he is now engaged c. refuses to believe that the boy was getting sex while we talked. 4. Marci a. typing in foriegn language b. phoning everyone in her address book c. apologizing for melanie's shyness 5. Belle a. CIA agent b. porn site operator c. Nancy McKeon 6. Boz a. male prostitute b. shortstop for the toronto blue jays c. John Lithgow

 Ok, so I missed the part where we were supposed to post our shoes, so here are my and Jer's shoes. My questions are coming up, so prepare yourselves. Between that damn Road Rules show and the constant paparazzi I'm finding it difficult to focus. :::::shields eyes from the glare of flash bulbs::: See what I mean? I didn't have this problem til Boz leaked to the press that whole lesbian prison story. :::more flash bulbs::::

 1. What would you spend more time doing if you didn't have this or another blogpage? Playing with my kids 2. What is something or name an event in your life that drastically changed you forever for better or for worse? Having kids really opened up my eyes to responsibility and fiscal mindness 3. Where is your absolute favorite place to be in this world? Bleachers at Wrigley Field 4. Do you believe that Christ is God? If not, what do you believe? Yes. 5. Have you ever been visited by ghosts or had ghastly encounters? If so, what happened? I used to see a tall Indian looking person wearting a top hat at a house we used to live in. My oldest daughter saw it almost nightly.

 1. What is the farthest away you have ever been from home? Either Japan or Okinawa, I'm not sure which is furthest. 2. Have you ever served on a jury? Yes, I served on a rape trial. 3. What is your drink of choice? Either Diet Coke or Diet Pepsi. 4. Where is the strangest place you have ever had sex? In the bathroom of the library of the college I was attending. 5. Have you ever been anally probed. Yes. Answer these questions in the comments below.

 The next assignment is to ask the group five questions, but the catch is that besides answering the other members questions you have to answer your own questions. Theoretically that should come out to 50 questions and answers, but we all know that a couple of people ...

 Ok so the smart ones know that there are only 49 states because we can see through the propaganda of the modern world. To the ones who are not smart enough to realize this, let me be the first to tell you, IOWA DOES NOT EXIST!!!! It is a fabricated lie made up by 2nd grade teachers across the US to make us feel stupid. Well they didn't get me, but I am smart. There are not many people out there that can name 3 cities in Iowa, and it is true that only the aliens visit the place. I think that maybe it is the headquarters for scientology, but I can not talk about that because they will knock on my door if I do. So when goose tells me tonight, that he lives in Iowa, please excuse me or being scared of goose.

 Is urlLink this the beginning of the end?

 Some one found my site by searching this today. urlLink WOW Also, i just popped a bottle of urlLink Jerry Garcia wine , if you would like some i am in the jacuzzi.

 for marci. This is marci's new puppy. She wanted to name it Norton , but I thought that was a dumb name so I named him Free Beer instead.

 Meet Chirs the Hamster, and isn't he adorable. Just don't pick him up by his hind legs or his eyes might fall out.

 But Belle is really a monkey they are doing research on at a zoo. Haven't you all ever found it strange her neighbor is a panda, and she is always surrounded by goldfish, and the only stars she talks about are the ones that are all dried up and have nothing to do with their time but go to the zoo and moan to the monkeys about their washed up life?. HHMMM. The research is proving to be a success, for she can form sentences and type and log on and off the internet. Soon the world will be overrun by the cloned monkey population and we can all say we knew the first one.

 Melissa and Nada are shacked up in a seedy hotel in urlLink Tijuana. Update: Melissa and Nada have been arrested and sent to a Woman's Work Farm run by a crooked Sheriff. (Think Charlie's Angels without Farrah Fawcett.) Scene shifts to Shower Room where a dyke-ish prison matron dressed in a black bustier and fishnets says ... "Alright ladies, it's shower time." (Cue 70's porn music)

 Boz has a bastard child who is none other than porn star Tommy Byron... The reason Boz complains about being snowed in during winter is because he spends his days and nights listening to what he's misread to be 'masturbation tapes' but what in reality are ' meditation tapes'... thus, in a constant state of confusion he curses at the soothing voices instructing him to relax while he waits for his queued climax.

 Contrary to popular belief Hard is really an 80 year old german woman living in a small grasshut in eastern Kentucky. Also known as "das purpurrote eichhörnchen" he/she/it has been known to menace trailer parks while leaping naked from tree to tree. In recent months das purpurrote eichhörnchen, scourge of the trailer park trash, has been sighted gingerly plucking the feather's from pigeon's bottoms and using them to fashion the soon to be patented "pigeon butt feather exosuit." The details of this suit are still unknown but it is said to revolutionize human life as we know it. In closing the naked DPE, bane of the TPT, is creating the PBFE to save humanity.

 is on the verge of becoming magnificently famous on the internet, but the skeletons in his closet could make or break him. let me tease you with these questions. for example, how did he get the name Gooseneck? it's a more sordid tale than we could ever imagine. and, just imagine for a moment, if you will, the great triad of Goose, Ernie Banks, and Crazy Larry. just think of the evil they could perpetrate. oh, and i heard he likes to wear women's underwear. on his head. while sitting on the exercise bike. and we all know what else he does on the exercise bike.

 Zann has a secret desire to dye her hair blue, move to Florida, and never drive less than 5 mph under the legal speed limit. Your turn.

 of my friends showed up to vote for me in the popularity contest (Your favorite blogmember)... and that apparently is it. That number hasn't changed for 3 days.

 while the rest of you chat on the zonk.





 docs rock ...now show your shoes!!

 Daryl was a moody child, who didn't mix well with the other children. Now you add a new line in the comments, and then the next line in the next comment, and so on, and on, and on ...

 Six people are late with their self-portraits. Do you know how bad that makes you look to the rest of us?

 ... And watch urlLink Homestar Runner with me? It was a sort of tradition of mine that's fallen by the wayside lately. C'mon... It's good for you! And let's see those SELF PORTRAITS!

 about taking tests, but I'm only going to take tests that I feel are relevant. I will not be taking any Which LOTR Gay Hobbit Are You tests. But I did take ... urlLink The Rorschach (inkblot) test

 Or does DVL's self portrait look like a mugshot from somebody in the Manson Family?

 urlLink Which Real World ... Blogger Style cast member are you! Well, it's always good to know you are who you were told you were all along. Heh. Sorry I seem to have locked myself in my room and can't get the damn door open.

 I'm great at this game! And I find for best results we should get all slippery like. (Deep in thought) Hmmmmmm... Tell you guys what... I dont have any hot sex oil, but I do have some bacon grease leftover from when I made breakfast this morning... I will bring that!!!

 Apologized! This is big news. I WAS RIGHT ABOUT HIM! Well of course, he did something pretty dumb, and he did offend a bunch of people and will probably still have death threats for a long time, but I saw some good in him, and dammit I was right. I am still pissed off he didn't think I was good enough to copy but hey, that is not a battle I am ready to fight. Major good call for him for coming clean and apologizing, at least I respect him a bit more for it. I hope this doesn't get me kicked out of the house. But I feel there is not enough controversy here. And why is it all the good posts happen in the comments here. Maybe we should start posting blank posts. Will someone tape smallville for me tonight? or at least watch it and tell me about it at 10:00?

 (damned tarnished halo showing again)

 conduct urlLink alcoholic beverage recipe experiments, urlLink quiz each other to death, and play some psychotic urlLink board games . or write to seemingly random celebrities like urlLink Martin Sheen . just some ideas. i'm bored with the monkey already.

 And here I am buck naked working a thigh master, nothing on but a sombrero and a piece of bread in my buttcheeks... There is a knock on the door. Marci, obviously I am busy... Can you get that please?

 I have decided that graduate school is not that important if it means that I am dropping in ratings in the poll. Apparently, the time I spend away is affecting my audience appeal. I am dropping out of school to make this my main priority.

 And who I am... urlLink Which Real World ... Blogger Style cast member are you!

 It appears I am who I thought I was all along and a robot did not take my place while I was sleeping. Phew. urlLink Which Real World ... Blogger Style cast member are you!

 the goddamn monkey ate my bag of clothes. (Goose is standing naked at the washer and dryer waiting for the only set of clothes he owns to finish the rinse cycle...) This aint exactly how I figured that it would start out. Now what am I supposed to do?

 Please take the test, and badge your results, and post them on the blog, because the icons took longer to make than it took to write the quiz urlLink Which Real World ... Blogger Style cast member are you!

 just so you people don't think I'm jerking goofing off. I am working on a new Quizmo quiz called: Which The Real World ... Blogger Style Character Are You. It should be done when I feel like it.

 Anybody know where my bag of clothes is?

 I like this blog more than the burning sensation I sometimes get when I urinate.

 Portrait, Now here is my Haiku: The Telephone Screams Itself Right Off of the Wall A Wild Goose Chase Now Goodnight!

 I will give someone my last box of macaroni and cheese, and even cook it for them if you will do my paper for me tonight. PLEASE! Sorry I wasn't around this weekend, I had a 22 year old to attend to. :)

 Welcome to the house. Label your food, just warning ya. Everybody urlLink vote for #17! Cool Monkey. I put him in a pet show and he came in third. We gotta start cracking the whip!

 I finally made it! (Hiccup!) Had a little car trouble on the way here in the form of a 30 foot drop off! (Throws bag of clothes on the floor.) That's me on the right, and my friend "Crazy" Larry who is helping me move. Took us forever to get the car out of that ravine. (Hiccup!) And we're damn lucky we didn't get arrested! Anyway, it's good to meet you all (hiccup!) but we're off to the bar!

 care of that damn urlLink monkey !!! He is not my responsibility.

 urlLink Previously On The Real World...Blogger Style post, I appoint Belle as the once a week chronicler of the blogs comings and goings. Congratulations Belle!!!

 the biggest flirt in the world, but what makes her so good at it is that when she is flirting with you she makes you feel like you are the only person in the world that matters.

 Peeping Mike moved into Zann's closet, he's now like the Jack Nicholson in The Shining to her Fraggles, DVL is very loved, especially by Nada, who wants to room with her, The Hard Artist is looking for a few good men books, Marci never came home after Free Beer, but Boz found her empty cup out by the ocean, Melissa ran off with the spoon, the cow jumped over the moon, and Belle held Chris Burke hostage for standing her up many years ago at the Semi-Formal (unbeknownst to her, he was busy burning the family restaurant down and couldn't come out to play).

 after trying to remember the intricacies of a haiku--the way each line should be a certain kind of statement as well as the right number of syllables, i googled and stumbled across this masterpiece: urlLink 100 Trillion Haiku - The Genuine Haiku Generator

 How's it goin'? Read any good books lately? Where the hell is everybody? Every time I'm in the house you're all gone... Are you partying without me? You'd better not be. Hi. Sorry... I'm just not myself... O.K. I'm back. How come nobody comments on my posts? Thanks, Boz. Good idea. Next time, you had all better be here! I'm in a fragile state! "That is Bach and it rocks. It's a rock-block of Bach that we learned in the school called the school of Hard Knocks."

 Ok, the haiiku thing was a big success, so it's time for a new assignment, and why am I the one always dishing out the assignments? Anyway here it is. Do a self portrait of yourself. You can either draw it freehand and scan it, or use one of the various Paint or Photoshop programs, or any other way you can think of. Then send it to me at boz48730@hotmail.com and I will make a photo page of some sort where we can check out our blogmates in all their splendor. Ability isn't important, but participation is. I will post the portraits as they come in, but the deadline will be Wednesday 10PM EST, 9PM CST, 8PM MST, 7PM PST, and Thursday 8AM in the Philippines.

 this is getting bad. ridiculous, even. i promise everyone i will clean my closet today. now that the promise is out there, i will feel pressure to follow through. every square inch of my closet is occupied, horizontally and vertically. and since this bigass blog compound undoubtably has walk-in closets, that's a lot of junk. maybe i'll have a yard sale. it's all gotta go. the closet must be renovated. i mean, i have to make room for Mike. and that's not because, being a peeper, he wants to drill a hole through my closet wall to look at the other women. he's not that kind of peeper. i think. ::surveys clutter:: where did i get all these free samples of sprayable canned cheese? anyone want this hockey stick? this is gonna take a while.

 Six hundred haikus Will not begin to capture Your eyes’ soft sparkle ~ Six hundred haikus Cannot begin to unfurl Your mouth's sweet flower Please room with me, DVL. With all my love, Nada,

 Thank goodness! That doorstep was getting rather uncomfortable to sleep on, not to mention the fact that people kept wiping their dirty feet on me! So this is the party house eh? Well thanks for the invite, where do I sleep? Guess i won't be needing this anymore...

 because no one wrote a haiku for her. C'mon gang, let's show her that we care, really care!

 A chat room has been added to aid in those late night gab fests you young people or so fond of. Post edited - 5:55PM Sat. Jan 24 --- I fixed the chat room problem, I think! urlLink

 For some reason, I'm drawn back here on a Friday night. I think Dvl had something to do with it. Friday. It used to mean something 'ya know? Used to be: Friday was for carousing. Friday was for lettin' off steam. Friday was the glorious day when the whole weekend was laid out before us like a summer vacation... Not anymore. Now Friday is for waiting... At least it is for me. Waiting for Monday. When I can go back to work. WORK?!?! Are you fucking kidding me? How psycho am I? Work is the one place where I feel like I'm accomplishing something... Oddly enough. It seems like at least one of the aspects of your life is always going... O.K. Let's have a party! Right here! I'm suckin' down an MGD as we speak! Join me!

 Ok people, dont make me get all urlLink Gunnery Sgt. Hartman on you, but two of you missed the HAIKU DEADLINE, and another of you did it wrong. Sighhhh, is this house already going to hell???

 we've already been urlLink ripped off. This was listed on a Google ad at the top of our blog ... the rat bastards!

 I cannot believe that Boz posted that pic of the staff's quarters and passed it off as the blogger house and no one complained! Come on, housemates! To alleviate all fears, here's the true aerial view of the 'compound':

 Hold me.

 not to typecast myself as Toy Girl, but i had to clear this up. the following photograph depicts a Popple in all its mid-metamorphisizing glory. i like to use mini Popples for special gifts to my pals. they could roll up into themselves, and pop out, and for a while could be found in special soccerball and basketball and various other ball editions. urlLink click here for more Popple pleasure. p.s. if you're also wondering what a Wuzzle is, urlLink click here . i'm going to bed now, my crazily-stuck-in-the-80s head hung in shame.

 try urlLink flinging your cow.

 So I'ma gonna get shitfaced To-Night! Marci... Be sure to wear that thing I like... You know the one.... With the straps... Yeah... That's the one... And bring your friends... You know the ones... Yeah...

 I guess since the house is in my name I should give the first assignment. And it is ... Write a haiku about the person in the list below you. (5-7-5) Dvl, being the last on the list will write one about the person on the top of the list, meaning me. Ok, you have till 7:00PM EST tomorrow to finish your assignment. That would be +5 GMT. Post it in the confessional

 mine are: ~everyone get naked, splatter themselves with paint, and roll against the walls creating a mural of all our bodies ~fling things out the window in a drunken stupor and measure their velocity ~clean out the lint vent in the dryer and see who can make the biggest lint ball ~drink all bozzie's cough medicine and get high ~steal zann's Fraggles and make her guess where we hid 'em



 1. Melissa is the sig other of Jer from urlLink Thought Minion . 2. Marci flashed her boobs for pizza. 3. Zann drives a muscle car. 4. Hard slept in the same bed as urlLink Kevynn Malone . 5. Nada has a brother named Dong. 6. Dvl went to high school with David Schwimmer from friends.

 we should add a couple new members. How does everyone feel about that?

 these are my Fraggles. for those of you who don't like Fraggles, look closely and you'll see Gene Simmons. if you don't like Gene Simmons either, well, that's just too bad cuz i don't feel like taking more pictures.

 How's it goin'? So like... What are we gonna do now that we're all here? I mean... I can make all the sexual innuendo you want but... Is that enough? Wadda ya think? Where's Drew? So many questions... P.S: Marci... Last night was... Whew!

 Hi, my name is Nada O. Nil, 20-something and more female than male. I want to know who's sharing my room (or my bed) before I proceed to unpack.

 urlLink What basic cable channel are you? Take it, damn you, take it.

 When asked, in the shower, to "Put your thang down, filp it and reverse it", what are you really supposed to do? Not that this happened, just wondering ;). Also, there was rumors of a roomate named Drew. Should he show his face at least once? I think so.

 We've been urlLink googled.

 that Melissa is a wiccan?

 never trust anyone who read Wil Wheaton, and admitted it.

 Housemates, SMACK THE PINGU! and gloat about your scores in the confessional! DVL's best score (so far) : Link courtesy: Jen at Very Big Blog Link updated by boz 9:26PM est. 1-21-04

 listen, i really tried to write a post, but the nipple bulb has me all flustered. and i feel like a dork cuz the package arriving for me is going to contain a sticker. a non-nipple-related sticker.

 This package just came for you. I hope you don't mind that I opened it.

 You got your friggn' aquarium, are you happy?

 I miss all the good hot tub sex. I'm goin' out for ice cream. Be back later. ::::dumps a bucket of dish soap in the hot tub as she walks by::::

 In " Real-Worldspeak ": So... I'm like, chillin' in the spa right? Then Marci comes over. With her fine ass... She's all like: "Whats up, HA?" And I'm like: "Pshhh. Nuthin'. Just chillin." And she goes like: "So... We're roomies..." And I'm all: "Yup." It was ON, Dogg! She's all givin' me the eye an' shit! But... I'm chill: I bust it with: "So... What's up with you?" Bro. I was spittin' straight up GAME! She's all: "Nothin'. You mind if I join you?" OH SNAP! The thong was KICKIN', yo! She goes: "So... What's up? Why you clockin' me?" And I'm like: "Whaaaaat?" She's all: " I saw you." Dude. I'm all: "Pshhh. Whatever." Then... Check it: She's all: "I've been checkin' you out, too." A Playa's gotta play. Ya know?

 I don't mean to call anyone out, but I might like my new roommate a lot. Hard wasted no time making a move on me. And I made it though my first night without starting a fire. Does anyone else think it is funny that "The Joy of Sex" is on the bookshelf here?

 I know I promised not to make anymore changes, but I lied. I put in a zonkboard, which is the best, and I put in HaloScan which is better than Squawkbox.

 How come no one ever comments on my posts?

 ...Want to watch the Laker game on our big imaginary Plasma TV?

 I promise not to make any more changes unless asked.

 this whole thing makes me feel like i must move out of my parents' house or i will implode. i'm already growing restless as each day goes by... the mere idea of throwing logic to the wind and taking up residence with a bunch of random acquaintances is very appealing. on the other hand, living vicariously through this little blog is probably just what i need to release a little pressure... so i don't, like, kill my family with all the dirty butter knives they have strewn about. btw, it always amuses me that Blogger's spellchecker doesn't know the word "blog."

 Do we want like, pics and bios and crap up here?

 Hi everybody. My name is Hard. I'm into long walks on the beach and candle lit dinners and puking on your dress. Thrill to my exploits. Dude. Marci just came into my room... She is HOT! Anybody mind if I cook tonight? I'm making four cheese penne and some garlic bread. Let's all virtually enjoy it together.

 Be gentle with Dvl, this is her first experience with blogging, up until now she has been strictly a lurker.

 Is that too selfish?

 Of course I arrived late, but that is no reason to give me the wrong key! I am finally in the house. *runs to liquor cabinet* OH YEA GAME ON. Who is my roomate? There was a rumor on teh preview that me and the Hard Artist were going to see about sharing communicable diseases. Does that mean we are rooming together?

 Melissa - The moody one Marci - The whacky one Zann - The perky one Hard Artist - The opportunist Drew - The unknown Nada - The flirt Dvl - The instigator

 as i approached the house with my towel slung over my shoulder and a purple milk crate full of seemingly random belongings, i wondered "what have i gotten myself into?" then i reminded myself of the money, the big payoff. wait, there is no big payoff. i'm doing this for the experience and for self-betterment. i am wary, but exhilarated. gimme the room in the corner, and i better have at least two electrical outlets.

 But I just scoped out the Ally McBeal-style unisex bathroom, and let's just say...color me less than impressed. I just may hold it in for the next few months...

 i don't travel light...so get your lazy pruned-from-too-much-hot-tubbing asses out here and help me haul in my shit. That's right. Your worst nightmares have been realized...the house has added yet another member and i'm a real bitch to live with. I snore, I sleep late, I cuss like a sailor and pee with the door open. I flirt with all the boys and, lately, pretty much all of the girls, too. so watch out. either that, or this will be my first and last post...cuz i'm also a little flakey (okay, maybe a lot , but who asked you?) but can i just say: i freaking love blogger for making this so easy! i just get to log in once and choose a blog. you're going to be sorry...cuz my motto is: if it's easy i do it (also if he/she is easy i do him/her...) whatever. bring me some vanilla cappucino. and if my husband calls-- i'm not here!! Edit If Lisa's husband calls, I'm not here either - boz

 urlLink The 3rd Semi-Annual Bozzie Awards Scroll to the bottom of the page to add your comments and acceptance speeches. Party in the Hot Tub.



 When's Good Friday?

 When does the pre-show red carpet extravaganza for The Bozzies begin? Who will you be wearing? This weekend really bites... Until tomorrow that is. If anybody want to vote for Blog Madness (no fights going on this time), you can go urlLink HERE . Sorry I haven't been hanging out much, lately. Damn time zones...

 Don't let them pass you by. I hope to one day participate in a Shaving Cream Head videocam chat.

 Blah. Blah. Blah. Blahbitty Blah. See Y'all in the Hot Tub. That's all I got.

 the woman who takes care of the pets most of the time. For the life of me I can't remember her name. Anyway, she went out of town, or violated her parole, or something and was not able to take care of the pets for a few days, geez, I wish I could remember what her name is. And when did we get pets anyway? In closing I'd just like to say that I'll never forget What's Her Name .

 Jonnie's haiku to Bored Housewife - Stay here, Bored Housewife! I'm like Ricky Ricardo. Ba-Ba-Loo for you.

 urlLink Lambert, the Sheepish Lion... Lambert is always tryin'... To be a wild and wooly sheep.. Lambert, the Sheepish Lion I remember this as being one of my many favorites during those oh so special Disney previews. You know the ones we underprivileged kids would only get to watch when the Disney channel was trying to coax more people to subscribe to their station? They would broadcast their shows on basic cable for a week once every six months.... just long enough to get kids hooked on their shows. Then those same children would drive their parents insane by begging and pleading until they caved and ordered the damn channel just to stop all the whimpering and complaining. It never worked with my parents. You'd think they had iron will or something.

 My roomate brought this home the other day: After my initial snort of derision. I began to read... Now I'm obsessed. I'm becoming a Metrosexual! HELP!

 Here is her Bozzie from last time ... Marci Hi, welcome to my world, where there are no rules, well, there are rules, but I forget what they are, and watch out for that tree … doh! Anyway, where was I, oh yeah the friggin’ midgets have stolen my underwear, again, but that’s a small price to pay for being me. Any suggestions for marci's upcoming Bozzie?

 You're the United Nations! Most people think you're ineffective, but you are trying to completely save the world from itself, so there's always going to be a long way to go. &nbsp;You're always the one trying to get friends to talk to each other, enemies to talk to each other, anyone who can to just talk instead of beating each other about the head and torso. &nbsp;Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, and you get very schizophrenic as a result. &nbsp;But your heart is in the right place, and sometimes also in New York. Take the urlLink Country Quiz at the urlLink Blue Pyramid

 The Real World ... Blogger Style What ten actors and actresses will play us?

 hey there, it's me urlLink dvl . since i don't really blog much, i thought i would throw you a bone and let you know what i have been up to lately. ok... so last week i met up with one of my urlLink fellow 'usual suspects' who you have been introduced to via a prior urlLink video chat session . we decided to grab some urlLink lunch at a spot close to my office. we had an hour or so of sparkling conversation, i giggled, he guffawed, and he let me hold the infamous "fish eye"... now there's undenyable proof that urlLink this kid is truly a good egg. (did i stress the fact that he let me touch the infamous and coveted urlLink fish eye lens !?) :Þ

 i so love the one client that every year pays a portion of her bill in pastry.

 Its a long way from Instanbul.

 The bottle of liquor pictured in the previous campsite pic, by the way, was a concoction called "Cinnamon Jug" - Half full of apple cider and half full of whisky, with a few of those big cinnamon balls dissolved in the brew. Great on a cold day. YaYa could make a mean sandwich, look at this one - All kinds of stuff in there, but nothing gay. YaYa eventually went to Ames, Iowa to get his degree in solid state physics. Never heard from him again.

 This post attempts to debunk house speculations on the nature of my relationship with YaYa Daouda in the Alaska days. 1. While YaYa's name sounds quite gay indeed, he was a foreigner from Camaroon, Africa. It was his given name, it was not a gay pet name. 2. The "Anchorage gay-bar" incident has been referred to vaguely. Here are the facts - When YaYa and I arrived in Anchorage, we went into a bar that we were not aware was a gay bar. The bartender kept giving me free beer, so I was happy to stay. Then when I went to the bathroom, I noticed all the gay literature that was posted (my name was not posted there, contrary to house speculation). I told YaYa, "Hey, we should go. This is a gay bar". Which freaked him out a bit. Apparently they don't have them in Camaroon. A few weeks later, I called a cab to go to a job interview and YaYa became concerned - commenting, "You must be careful. It may be gay taxicab". 3. Documentation - This is in Valdez - No indication of gay body language at all. Campsite - I'm sitting by a girl, not by YaYa. And I'm looking at the jug of liquor, not at YaYa. I hope this ends any speculation.

 Dont mess with this. Or experience instant NIL8tion.

 I found this test urlLink here . ************** Questions ************** 1. Do they have a 4th of July in England? 2. How many birthdays does the average man have? 3. Some months have 31 days; how many have 28? 4. A woman gives a beggar 50 cents; the woman is the beggar's sister, but the beggar is not the woman's brother. How come? 5. Why can't a man living in the USA be buried in Canada? 6. How many outs are there in an inning? 7. Is it legal for a man in California to marry his widow's sister? Why? 8. Two men play five games of checkers. Each man wins the same number of games. There are no ties. Explain this. 9. Divide 30 by 1/2 and add 10. What is the answer? 10. A man builds a house rectangular in shape. All sides have southern exposure. A big bear walks by, what color is the bear? Why? 11. If there are 3 apples and you take away 2, how many do you have? 12. I have two US coins totaling 55 cents. One is not a nickel. What are the coins? 13. If you have only one match and you walked into a room where there was an oil burner, a kerosene lamp, and a wood burning stove, which one would you light first? 14. How far can a dog run into the woods? 15. A doctor gives you three pills telling you to take one every half hour. How long would the pills last? 16. A farmer has 17 sheep, and all but 9 die. How many are left? 17. How many animals of each sex did Moses take on the ark? 18. A clerk in the butcher shop is 5' 10'' tall. What does he weigh? 19. How many two cent stamps are there in a dozen? 20. What was the President's name in 1950? Answers in the urlLink Confessional Scoring guide: 20 Correct - Genius 17 Correct - Above Normal 15 Correct - Normal 8 Correct - Nincompoop 6 Correct - Moron 3 Correct - Idiot

 Jonnie's heroic monkey figure of mystery has reminded me of a set of Jesus figures i saw on Late Night w/Conan O'Brien ages ago. they are just too weird to exist, yet there they are. click the pic to get to the site that sells them. oh yes, there is one for every sport. urlLink

 those are so NES Zappers in my hands. you know it.



 ... any takers?





 Does anybody have any idea who this is? I'm not sure where it came from, found it amongst misc. files on my hard drive. Is it someone from a kid's book or something? It looks like it's a manufactured likeness of some pop culture phenomenon. I doubt anybody would make a statuette of a monkey riding around on a dog for no reason? Who is it?

 Here's mine: I don't think he looked very intimidating, so I gave him a shotgun.

 Compliments of urlLink Hero Machine It's like I'm looking in a mirror.

 Look at the new plant I bought today. It's called a Dracena Surculosa, or a Florida Beauty. Coincidence? I think not. The care tag says that it should be in indirect light, with moderately moist soil, in a warm home. Let's see if I can manage to keep this one alive. Or will it go to plant heaven where my other plants go in winter? Only time will tell. And if you look close enough, you'll see that that is our wonderous zonk board, working. This way when it's down, at least we'll have photo proof that it does work on occasion. Fill fill fill. Sometimes using left align is a pain.



 You are Schroeder! urlLink Which Peanuts Character are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I owe Boz a public apology for my tequila induced outburst of anger last night concerning the censorship of the monkey tattoo picture I had posted. I was way out of line to go on my little bitch spree, and frankly, I feel pretty stupid about it this morning. I'm sorry Boz. I understand that essentially, this is your gig, and you were nice enough to let me in. I had no right to come in and tip the scales like I feel like I did last night. I sincerely hope that we can put this behind us, because I do enjoy the madness that this house generates. I maybe need to do some soul searching and determine if this is a good fit for me. I have enough trouble keeping my own blog rolling at times... I'm sure some of you can relate. Boz, you have the ultimate say if you want me out or not. Technically, I did quit last night, so I virtually hung my own neck. If you asked me too, I certainly would leave. But please, for the record, I would like to stay. I feel that this is something special, and I would really like to continue to be a part of it. In the future, no matter what happens, I will watch my words, and not lash out in fits of anger at anybody. It was unfair and extremely juvenile. I am hanging my head in shame and I am sorry. Please accept this most humble apology.

 urlLink GROW I've been playing this off and on all day, and I still can't get the damned cube to it's level max. My hat's off to you if you can figure it out. (p.s. the instructions, if there are any, are in Chinese, or Japanese, or some such language so you have to wing it.) Annoying.

 This photo was on the wall at our local Post Office for stealing mangoes: Its not who I think it is, is it?

 1. Marci is last seen climbing the walls to escape from the cameras and roomies. Over the roar of the ocean all we can make out from her shouts is something about "bootie" and "Brazil," or was that "cooties" and "Godzilla"? 2. The mystery is solved. Jonnie is not Goose. Goose is not Jonnie. And they are not having a secret love affair. And by "not" I mean "TOTALLY MEETING IN BACK ALLEYS TO SHARE THEIR MAN LOVE". 3. DVL shines the bright light in Belle's face demanding to know the truth and it is revealed that Belle is indeed not a Phone Sex Operator, but what is this about... a friend in Vermont? 4. Boz is revealed to indeed be Bill Murray. Or Brian-Doyle Murray. Or Anne Murray. Or was it Anne Frank? Well he does write in a diary , and the resemblance, well, you've probably noticed, it's uncanny. 5. Brown is the new Black. Amish is the new Gay. There are a lot of Amish Bars in Anchorage, and it wouldn't be uncommon for you to find Jonnie's phone number amongst the Amish literature in the Amish Bar bathroom he frequented with his "special friend" YaYa. 6. Boz has to leave the Hot Tub due to concerns that Jonnie is going to give him the "bad touch". 7. Jonnie beats Belle at Hot Tub Wrestling, which is just like Mud Wrestling, except there is no mud and it's in a hot tub and Jonnie really loses but tells Belle to tell everyone he won so he can try to keep his "tough guy" (ha, ha, I bet even YaYa is laughing at that one) reputation. Quote of the night was provided by Jonnie, and I swear, you just can't make this stuff up, you really can't: "How did this happen? I just thought I'd drop by the hot tub...had a little wine...and now I'm gay."

 You have served me well. Tomorrow, the plan is: We steal 10 tons of gold bullion from Fort Knox. With this wealth, I will buy all the brewery's in the world and make Marci my queen! Who's with me?!?!

 Tonight??? Bueller? Bueller? Anyone? EDIT Starting sometime around 11 EST, 10CST, 9MST, and 8PST

 Friday On My Mind

 Your turn.

 Just when you were ready to sell my furniture, I'm back! And with a nifty clay sclupted nose. Is there any beer in the fridge?

 Read: urlLink THIS . Then go urlLink HERE .







 Has it really been that long???

 1. Hi. 2. Sorry I've been so lax in posting lately. 3. I have no memory of my teachers. 4. dvl is, quite possibly - The Coolest. 5. Where can I get a cheap web-cam? 6. I heard a new word today: Sneakretive. It's a cross between sneaky and secretive. Feel free to start using it in your own daily life. 7. Here's a word I'm trying to bring back: Cinchy. 8. Blog Madness is driving me crazy. But... That doesn't mean you shouldn't vote. 9. I put up a cool post on my site. But nobody's coming by... 10. My ex's mother has started reading my site. AND she works for the government! GASP! 11. AND THIS IS A BIG ONE! What if we put up Paypal buttons on this site and all of our personal websites to raise money for a face to face meeting of The Real World? It would have to be a central location for all of us... I dunno... Just a thought. What do you guys think? 12. I love my fish. They are cool. But my new Kribensis is very sneakretive. 13. I love both Photobucket AND Belle. 14. I am to blame for nothing. 15. LA and OC members: Would you guys wanna come see my show? 16. I miss you Marci. Even though you have not accepted your panties. 17. Miller High Life is truly The Champagne of Beers.

 There is a common English word that is nine letters long. Each time you remove a letter from it, it still remains an English word - from nine letters right down to a single letter. What is the original word, and what are the words that it becomes after removing one letter at a time? NO CHEATING! don't look it up on the web and then post the answer, because that's lame.

 I blame her for photobucket being down. What do you blame her for?

 If I win you all get a choice of a gift not to excede $25,000.00 in value. What would you like? And none of this feeding the world's hungry crap!

 you've seen them before, but you cannot quite remember where... perhaps in those posters on the on the wall of your local post office? (special guest appearance by a non-RWBS member)



 Kindergarten -Ms. Pero: told me she'd write my Y's up and down my arm if I didn't learn to stop doing them backwards 1st grade -Ms. Jackson and Ms. Weatherly: Don't remember anything special about them, but the water from the sink tasted the best in their class. 2nd grade -Ms. Lang: Wouldn't let kids go to the bathroom. Derek Kelley threw up on her. Taught us about Helen Keller, which was cool. 3rd grade -Mrs. McClellan: She was very annoying.. Thought she could rule the world. She was wrong. 4th grade -Ms. Metz: The woman to which I owe my mathematical skills. Always had some sort of fun project up her sleeve (such as selling popcorn to kids on the playground outside our classroom window) 5th grade -Ms. Watters: Had the most perfect handwriting in the world.. she could write in a perfectly straight line on the chalk board, with no lines to follow! 6th grade -This is unfair, because in FL by the time we get to this grade, it's considered middle school and we have a different teacher for each subject. Grades 1st-5th I spent in the "mini-school" which was one building, opened on the inside. So there were no walls dividing the classes. Organized chaos. It was great.

 Kindergarten - Mrs. Harris, hated her cause she made me drink milk and I puked. 1st Grade - Miss Andrews, wanted to marry her. 2nd Grade - Mrs. Martin, nice lady but Miss Andrews started the year as my 2nd Grade teacher but left to get married, or so they said, so Mrs. Martin paled in comparison 3rd Grade - Mrs. McKinnon - One of my all time favorite teachers, she was gruff and could be mean, but Kenny was her favorite, so there you go. 4th Grade - Mr. Conti - Catered to the girls, turned out he tried to date them too. 5th Grade - Mrs Haitinger, nice lady, a couple of levels below Mrs. McKinnon, but still a nice motherly type. 6th Grade - Mrs. Wallace, almost as cool as Mrs. McKinnon, but a lot younger, and she had the whole geek girl with glasses thing, and didn't mind flashing her cleavage when she bent over to give you a hand with an assignment.

 I'm sorry you are an escaped Goonies rebel Pirate. Please put your post back, I promise not to let the others make fun of you or call you names like GoonBeard or One Eye (which incidentally is what I call my neighbor's cat) or Rebel With Out A Clue, and I will let you play in all our reindeer games. Sincerely, The Thoughtful, Considerate One

 meterosexual, do I?

 Name: Mike God/Goddess of Porn Element: Lightning Animal Companion: Rabbit Weak against Coffee Weapon: Rod

 Should I shave?

 Name: Goose Age: 35 Favorite Song: Shine by Rollins Band Parents think Youre lazy Strangers think: Youre hot Friends think: You need a fuck buddy. With that I'm off to the hut tub!

 To find out "Which Three Harry Potter Characters Will You Have A Threesome With?" or "Which LOTR Males Will You Be Gang Banged By?", some things are just better left a surprise. What is a good quote for you? Name Belle Color Blue Say what?? "Every time I go to the doctors I get a jacket, a straight one. It makes me feel special because I get to hug myself."

 What will your Funeral be like? Username: Jonnie You will die by: Terrible animal attack while you were out hiking in the mountains. Seemed that you made good animal food, definately a closed casket. Death Date: February 12, 2010 Number attending your funeral? 130 How much will you leave to friends and family? $3,657,918

 What is your emo band name? by spiralinghalo Your band name is: May or Yesterday You sound like: The June Spirit You will be signed to: Dreamworks Records Your emo lyrics are: "Slit my throat, so I won't taste you anymore"

 What will your last words be? by cum_on_bitch Your LJ username Your real name Marci Your sex Your age Your last words will be... "Who spilt my beer?"

 Which Band Should You Be In? Your Name: Amy Smith Band Name: Incubus Role: Guitarist Trademark: Well-Worn Doc Martens Love: Interest The Guitarist

 Go to urlLink Memegen 2.0 and take one of their quizzes, any quiz you want, and then post the results in here. Don't use the html they give you because it takes too long to load, just copy your results and paste them in here. The only rule is everyone must take a different test. Here is mine: What is Your Destiny? by Valcion Name: boz Color: black Birthday june 12th Destiny:Destroyer of Human kind Date when you fufill your destiny:October 11, 2006 Tada!!!

 Boz posted my portrait.... it's the yellowey orange one at the bottom of the list. Yep, thanks. And I've been slow all night and didn't see Boz already told you it was posted. Anyone want to come over and watch movies with me? I bought Powder, The Postman, and Cool World today. Or at least come over and read me The Monster At The End of this Book! Please? ::stares into cup:: this tea needs more honey

 has been posted in the self portrait gallery.

 and scroll down to the bottom of the page and check out the banner advertisement.

 turned pretty cool when Dvl and I both had our first cam to cam chat on MSN Messenger. Except for her hair flipping and my chair swiveling it went pretty smoothly and neither of us picked our nose, but I did get extremely flustered when she said she was going to flash me the next time we chatted.



 to the person who can identify this.

 for another of Melissa's I'm sorry I haven't been posting posts?

 i already ranted about today on urlLink my blog , so i will refrain here. instead, enjoy these Care Bears. click the link for Care Bear games... OMG~! urlLink

 urlLink Happy Valentine's Day!

 that protect me from the evil ultra-violet rays of Friday the 13th.

 I give you my doodle of Jason! urlLink



 anyone have any appropriate bad luck stories for today? i almost got into 7 or 8 hundred car accidents, i couldn't find Valentine's M&M's, and i didn't have time to cash my paycheck. coulda been worse.

 If the zonkboard goes down, and you're in the mood to chat just go to the hot tub and wait for someone to show up. You can float the chat room, so you can continue surfing our whatever it was you were doing, and still remain in the chat room.

 I have been down in the basement building a time machine. It will be done soon, and then we can all take a turn using it...

 urlLink Ipse Dixit had this on his site. What are your five? PS. Don't ask me how I found a site called Ipse Dixit, I was checking my site meter on The Grand Ennui, and he had stopped by there and spent a whopping 34 seconds, so I returned the favor. I'm like that. Now I've got to think of five songs I never get tired of.

 I almost forgot Happy Steve, and his Dance of Joy. Note: 3 camera men were killed in the making of this video.

 Back in my undergrad, I had to take a world history class and this was back when I drank too much and spent time doing nothing over studying (not much unlike now). I figured I had not missed a class and I listened pretty decently so I did not even open the book before the exam. I flew through the exam feeling pretty good about it until the last question read, "explain the impact Racin had on Macedonia". Well I had never heard of Racin, and didn't even have a clue as to what area of culture this question came from, so I wrote a 3 page essay on how the leisure time in Macedonia was spent on a track with the horses and buggies, with bets of land being placed on horses who were named Phillip I, Phillip II, and Phillip III. Turns out this was not the right answer (right answer being: he was a man who was founder of modern Macedonian literature) and when I got the test back I had gotten -15 for not knowing, BUT the prof. gave me +10 for creativity. Goes to show, if you don't know something, it really doesn't hurt to make it up.

 This is a urlLink posture bar. Link is probably not safe for work.

 Since urlLink Jonnie is posting pictures of Steve the Toilet Gnome, I thought I would post one that I snapped of Steve in his natural habitat. Granted this is a few years before Jonnie got the toilet pic (notice the thinning hair) but it's still the same old Steve! Enjoy! urlLink (Click for full sized goodness)

 Bathtub is occupied by my new pet - I'm going to gradually increase the water temperature until he's adapted enough to keep in the hot tub. I know Boz has his own bathroom so I assume he'll approve of the project. The rest of you, I'm sure, will learn to appreciate it.

 please make a post.

 I think everyone here should know that Zann makes the most incredible mixes... of course it may be something only she and I appreciate, but man she does a kickass job. I have at least thirteen of them... she rocks.

 Get your requests in now, or whenever. I have a feeling the Bozzies are going to be the event of the season, but that's just me.

 Added some cement - it doesn't hold as much mail, but the mail it holds will be safe from drive-by baseball bats or what have you. What should I do with the extra cement? Flush it?

 Today I was working with a four month old Maltese named Dru. For those of you who don't know your dog breeds, a Maltese is a little white furball that fully grown, you could still carry in one hand. Needless to say, Dru was considerably smaller. Unfortunately, this was Dru's first time in my establishment. My left hand looks like I stuck it in a blender. Dru became an unholy whirlwind of claws and teeth. Ouch. I must love animals. I didn't strangle her or anything...

 I bought two tickets for tonights $121,000,000 urlLink Mega Millions drawing. If I win, wheelbarrows for everyone.

 Thanks again to dvl. Actually, everything but the Olivia Bettie Page in the upper left corner, which was provided by zann, is a thanks to dvl. Ok, I bought the sunburst windchime, but that doesn't count as kinky unless you know how to use it.

 While Boz declares his undying love and devotion to Kevynn Malone Goldie Hawn. Is it March yet? Is it, is it? Because February makes me want to pack up all my glow worms and head for greener, sunnier, Martin Sheenier pastures. Also, should I be concerned that I have a growing addiction to urlLink Degrassi ? I tried to tell myself I was just waiting for urlLink Daria to come on, but 5 episodes later it was safe to assume Daria was not coming on and I was still watching. Well it could be worse, I suppose. Wait, no, no it couldn't. Help me, please.

 urlLink

 In Blog Madness. Have a look and urlLink vote if you haven't already. So... Now that my whoring is done - How 'ya doin?

 I can not tell you how much i love marci monday. I am all worried i am going to type things right for the first time ever and disappoint my fans. Random story time: One time i first started dating a boy i went to his house and it was the first time i had met all his friends. Well i immediately starting feeling eird so i went into the bathroom and put h2o on my face and though i was better walked to the door grabbed the knob and then i ws sittingon he floor looking up at my hand. So more h2o, and i felt better. I walked out to the party and all the sudden i hear tons of laugter and there are people standing over me. Turns out i had passed out. and i was all embarressed that his friends were ass's for laughing at me. But it turns out when i hit the floor someone yelled "oh god she just realized she is dating paul". Moral of the story: if you pass out meeting his friends run like hell. There is a year i will never get back. (now youall can see how my posts look before i spell check and post, i really don't think it is that bad)

 and it smells like leftovers from a herd night of drinking Shclitz Malt Liquor. Wow I said herd. Oh well, its spell like Marci Monday, right? what ig theartist formerly known as the Hard Artisyts was now known as The herd Artyists? Gives you visions of sheep and cattle. And i think we all know where that leads, huh? Anywayu since I have been gonme I hear rumors of a hot hottub party that I missed and we gained two more roommates. And Jonnie has hulk hands. Wow. No hulk hand fightimg in the champagne room, jonnie. Brahahahaha...

 spell like marci Monday. Tat means there is no spellcheck allowed, and anw what youy type is what you get. Of coyurse i am probably the only one who will follow through on spell like marci Mondsy. Well, except for marci, but she was born theat way.

 Hi guys! I hate to say this... But I think it's for the best if I move out of The House. I just don't seem to have the time anymore. I can scarcely keep my own site updated, much less have the added guilt of ignoring this one. You guys are the BEST. Period. I'll be lurking around the Hot Tub periodically, if I'm welcome. Boz, thanks for the great experiment! Love 'ya, Mike Martin (The Hard Artist)

 Roses have bloomed by the pool! I've named the pink one on the left "Belle" And the two red ones on the right are "Sandra1" and "Sandra2". And...Dang, I hate to exclude anybody. I think I've started something that might be difficult to finish. I guess "Boz" is the hose, "Dvl" is the diving board. And...umm...the light there in the rose bed? That's "Hard Artist" because it's metal and therefore hard. Off camera, there are 2 inflatable water wings floating around - "Zann" and "Mike". There's a snorkle that will hereby be known as "Zoot". When I look in the water, I call my reflection "Marci" since she's my doppleganger. Damn...what else is there? I've bit off more than I could chew. Well, there's an empty beer bottle that I'll have to name "Gooseneck" since there's no tequila. And "The Bored Housewife" is what I shall call the barbecue grill (but not out loud in front of the house owners). And "Jonnie" is, of course, me. I need to go buy beer.

 11pm est, 10pm cst, 9pm mst, 8pm pst.

 Maybe I should have a contest and this could be the grand prize. Meet the Dumb Bunnies. Mama Bunny loves her sunglasses. Papa Bunny loves his great big underpants. Baby Bunny loves to watch his family in their own TV show

 urlLink Have a bit of trunk-monkey for your pleasure!

 at the Dollar Store.

 Please feel free to join me in the hot tub.

 However, i have not yet been able to get into the groove of posting here... had you noticed?? it's like... i say everything i need to say (and thensome!) on my own site, so when i think about posting here... well, i got nothin' left. damn. what's my problem?? i guess if i can ramble on incessantly there, i ought to be able to do it here. i mean, what's the point of living here if i'm not even going to stink up the place with garlic and post-gym-feet?? I'm certainly not here for the free beer--cuz there never is any. and i don't venture to think i'd be here for the peace and quiet, cuz you guys are all more trouble than 6 sets of mini-tornado twins.... i guess that just leaves the skankiness of the hot tub sessions... but i haven't been in on one of those in a while so i almost forgot. anyway, what's my friggin point? oh yeah, as usual i don't have one. well graaaaaaaand. i loved everyone's refelction pictures! and of course i thought of a great one today. day late and a dollar short? how's about a week past due and a zero shy of the target? that's me. i hope you all had a fabulous monday. remind me to post again soon--this was fun. well, it was slightly better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick, at least.

 Postatem obscuri lateris nescitis. "You do not know the power of the Dark Side." There are two possibilities: you are a Star Wars geek, or you are unreasoningly scary. urlLink Which Weird Latin Phrase Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 By all accounts she had a hectic week.

 Yes or no?

 In order to understand educational corruption you need to realize that everything is controlled by a following made up of people who think Steven Tyler is sexy with help from Zoot and Zann. The conspiracy first started during a rock concert in an undisclosed location (we could tell you but we'd have to kill you.). They have been responsible for many events throughout history, including Marilyn Monroe's skirt incident. Today, members of the conspiracy are everywhere. They can be identified by squealing and panting pledges of undying devotion. They want to beat the Rolling Stones and imprison resisters in boz's septic tank using little blue boats. In order to prepare for this, we all must pass a law. Since the media is controlled by Christian music we should get our information from Aerosmith.

 In order to understand that Bigfoot exists you need to realize that everything is controlled by the Fire Monkeys of Bora Bora made up of Jewish librarians with help from the eternally wicked. The conspiracy first started during the Kent State tragedy in Morocco. They have been responsible for many events throughout history, including Washington crossing the Delaware. Today, members of the conspiracy are everywhere. They can be identified by the picking of the nose and eating it. They want to bludgeon lil' skater dude and imprison resisters in dungeons using trains. In order to prepare for this, we all must quit our jobs. Since the media is controlled by The planet of the Apes we should get our information from our local bartender.

 Create your own urlLink conspiracy theory . Here is mine... In order to understand group blogs you need to realize that everything is controlled by The Real World ... Blogger Style made up of the Amish with help from Toast eaters. The conspiracy first started during The birth of boz in Iowa. They have been responsible for many events throughout history, including Boz geting cable modem. Today, members of the conspiracy are everywhere. They can be identified by sneezing. They want to monkey maul Jonnie and imprison resisters in Canada using ambulances. In order to prepare for this, we all must sleep. Since the media is controlled by dvl we should get our information from The bored housewife.

 It would be funny for housemembers to record audio files for other housemembers to use as their answering machine messages. I initially wanted Sandra to record one for me because it would be rad to have an answering machine message in German, but she is not currently microphone equipped. So it would be on a strictly voluntary basis. It could be like a christmas gift exchange with voluntary participation. Whoever gets Belle would win because her voice is cute. Whoever gets me would lose because I will sound retarded.

 urlLink And people all over rejoice!

 REFLECTION: Take a picture of a reflection of something. [eg. using a mirror, window, body of water, etc.] Including yourself in the pic is encouraged, but not a requirement. Post your photo to the blog on Monday morning, March 29, 2004.

 from belle to boz. urlLink Mea culpa.



 I've got no comment to go with this, nothing to add. It just makes me laugh. Not sure why I find it so amusing, but I do.

 except my kitty graphic will not be cute. it's been a rough week!

 BLOGMATES GRAB YOUR DIGITAL CAMERAS because we've got a new weekly RWBS challenge!! (Note: you can use either a digital camera, your webcam, your mobile phone camera, or you can scan in a pic taken in 35mm film) The game will be played like I Spy -- every Friday a hint/topic to photograph will be revealed, and each blogmate will be required to post a photo in response on the following Monday (giving us the weekend to complete the task), and the result of which will be a photo essay of our collective efforts. The 'assignments' will be broad enough in nature to accommodate all types of digital cameras (i.e., you can take the pics inside/outside with a digital camera or camera phone, or you can take the pics at home with your webcam). [For example, one hint/topic could be to take pics of something of a specific color like RED -- you could take and post a picture of red flowers, a pic of you in your favorite red shirt, a pic of someone with red hair, or even a pic of red lipstick stains on a napkin.] The topics will be randomly chosen (and by 'random' I mean that each week a new letter of the name of our blog will be used to create a topic), and the first assignment will be posted this Friday .

 Anybody up for a little urlLink Oral Disco ?

 this picture.

 who hasn't posted lately. And one for 'Yo Mama too.

 urlLink www.nice-tits.org It promised so much... .





 'cept for me and my monkey ... tie.

 Today, today was not a good day. I was convinced all the forces of evil were working against me to crush my spirit and make me hate every person on this planet and maybe a few people on other planets, too, especially after the whole "Do you subscribe to the idea that ignorance is bliss?" repeat incident at the dentist and the race I got into with a 16 year old when all I wanted was to go to the goddamn store to buy some more Twizzlers! But. Then something wonderful happened. My mailman, who I'm sure is just really busy and that's why he just left a package on my doorstep instead of ringing the bell, and not because he's afraid of me after I confessed I wanted to have his mail babies, brought me something wonderful. A monkey. A monkey from Michigan. A monkey who answers to the name "Zob," a gift from the wonderful wizard of Boz. And suddenly my day is all sunshiny and I feel like I do when it's Wednesday and there's a new episode of The West Wing on and Martin Sheen invites me to his house to watch it with him. Yeah, it's a crappy picture from my webcam that couldn't begin to do this monkey justice, but until Jonnie sells his kidneys to buy me a digital camera, this is the best I can do.

 One time in college, while I lived on the 4th floor, a friend came over to hang out and generally I would throw my keys out the window for him to catch to let himself in. Well I was feeling a bit nazi this day, and wanted him to earn the keys. This meant he had to catch a potato chip in his mouth before i would throw the keys down. Apparently it is hard to see where you are going when you are running with your mouth open facing straight up, and he ended up running into the brick wall with his teeth. He never made it up to my room because he had to rush to the dentist so fix his 2 front teeth that he had chipped in half. I guess he really didn't want to hang out with me. The End.

 I searched deep within my soul for a way to express how enriched my life has become since I made parole was invited to join The Real World Blogger Style, and I think Whitney sang it best, only not really, which is why I made a few slight changes. I'm sure Whitney won't mind, especially since she's a crack whore, and in my experience crack whores don't start many fights over the changing of lyrics to express any warm fuzziness one might feel towards their roommates. That's just my experience though. If she calls? I'm out of the country, adopting a baby in Guam with my husband Roberto. Thanks. I believe the Real World Blogger Style roomies are our future Teach them well and let them lead the way Show them all the urlLink Tootie they possess inside Give them a sense of pride to make it easier Let the roomies' laughter remind us how we used to be Everybody searching for a monkey People need someone to look up to I never found anyone to refill my meds A lonely place to be So I learned to depend on Boz Chorus: I decided long ago, never to blog in anyone's shadows If I fail, if I succeed At least I blog as I believe No matter what they take from me They can't take away my insanity Because the greatest love of all Is happening to me I found the greatest love of all Inside the hot tub The greatest love of all Is easy to achieve Learning what a Posture Bar is It is the greatest love of all I believe the roomies are our future Teach them well and let them lead the way Show them all the nougaty goodness they possess inside Give them a sense of pride to make it easier Let the roomies' laughter remind us how we used to be Chorus And if by chance, that special place That you've been dreaming of Leads you to a mental institution Find your strength in zonk

 a Sissy Spacek urlLink movie which one would you be?

 That it's possible to "dump" someone you've never met. And to do it without actually dumping them. Thanks, Marce. Love you too. That it's possible for me to add one more thing to my life to feel guilty about (infrequent posting). Thanks, Boz. That there are more quizzes floating around the internet than should be allowed by law. That the house is always empty when I'm around. Coincidence? That, although we may never meet. I'm better for living here and knowing you. This place has helped me through a pretty tough time. Marci... You're giving up a good thing here. But isn't that always the way?

 Lets see.. What did I gain from being a part of this institution? -A few new acquaintances -The chore of keeping the fake pets fed and watered -I now know my bathroom is cleaner than all of ya'lls -I have been shown terrible pictures of people/objects that I never knew existed -And I get to say "Shut up Paul" way more times than I would have if I had never been invited into the house... which makes it all worthwhile. Thank you :-) You guys are great :-)

 I have been the absent house member for way too long. It is like that time I went out for free beer and came back a week later, only this time the details are not as exciting. Don't kick me out I am back. How My Life Is Enriched By You All: I have never been dumped on the internet before by someone I don't even know. THANKS A LOT HARD. I would have to meet up with the one other absent posted. I knew I should have gone for jonnie. I have learned how incredibly bad my spelling is, and often welcome the comments about it. And I also think it is cool I can get drunk in the hot tub and make an ass of myself and you all treat me like that is normal. The only way i could be more happy here is if you threw in a few midgets and some elephants. I love you guys... hey, thanks to who ever is feeding free beer. That damn dog would be dead with out you.

 I've been enriched. Ever since I moved into this looney bin my life has become enriched on so many levels. I am proud to be a part of this little thing that we got going on here... It is extremely unique in so many ways. And you guys... my blogmates... are just freaking awesome. Though I am still ignored by most of y'all on the zonker, I feel that I have made several new friends here that I never would have made if not given the opportunity to be here. I have never met any of you in person, but yet I feel kind of like I know some of you really well... and what you are about. When it comes down to it, we are all about mostly the same things. It usually tinkers on the edge of the strange and bizzare, but I like it that way. We are sharing this strange and bizzare world together. We are all complete strangers and yet we are all good friends. That in itself has enriched my life. Whatever it is that we got here is special. It is working. It is becoming bigger than life and the envy of the blogosphere. Thanks to you guys for letting me come on this journey with you. As twisted and strange as it may get in here, it is indeed our Real World. We live it, We love it, and we blog it. And nobody does it better.

 the perfect urlLink "man" for Marci.

 Sniff, sniff, you guys, I mean WOW, you've made it all so real for me, and if that doesn't spell enrichment I don't know what does.

 Let me count the ways... no, seriously--if you'd shut up for a sec, maybe i could focus. damn you people are noisy. ahem. 1. I love drinking in the hot tub, and making out with anyone and everyone who's in there (including the pets..) 2. I have learned how to pee with the door closed....well, sometimes. 3. I have added another log to the "too distracted to be productive" fire, which was only burning at bonfire level before 4. I have formed deep and meaningful friendships with other campers which will last a lifetime. (well, if you count make out sessions as deep friendships..) 5. I love every minute i've spent in this house...has it been 20 or 22? 6. um, that's it. i just wanted to add another number.... also, i bet none of you are driving to Boise idaho singing along to iron maiden and metallica while surfing the web right now. so there. i guess i deserve an award or something. cuz i'm either a complete nerd or a complete metal head or a complete hick...and that's too many people to fit in one body.....

 Without digressing into the merits of blogging in general, I think the RWBS possesses numerous additional life enriching characteristics that place it firmly in a class of its own. Unlike most organizations, the housemates are not necessarily like-minded individuals and where they might ignore one individual’s blog, the mandatory participation insures blah blah blah blah…. HAHAHAHA!!! I was just talking shit. I only joined to meet Belle. Joining the house has been much like accidentally falling into a swimming pool fully clothed at a public event. Initially embarrassing, and your money’s no good. But also somewhat invigorating and often refreshing, depending on the weather. The RWBS has enriched my life far more than a job ever could.

 It's kept me regular.

 The Real World Blogger Style (RWBS) has improved my life negligibly over the past two months. i have developed close-knit relationships with other bloggers in a window of an entirely different color than the windows in which i had been communicating with them previously. i have experienced the wonder of a virtual hot tub. my friends have been referred to as a "following" (i've never had one of those before!) and now they live here, too. being against the evils of institutions such as sororities and sports teams, i have needed to satisfy my need to belong in other ways. the camaraderie of RWBS has filled that void. i have learned so much about essential life topics: monkeys, super heroes, webcam scandals, Doc Martens, toasters, sex, BlogMadness, the shaving cream head game, and fake crazy people. you just can't get that anywhere else. i have been so very happy here that my mind has collapsed into a rubbly pile of writers' blocks, causing me to neglect posting valid content on this AND my personal blog, which has really freed up my time. and, this one time, i got to write a haiku. i have grown as a person, and it's all because of RWBS. thank you. the end. zann out.

 Being a member of the RW... blogger style has enriched my sensuality . I hear sweet twitter but there are no birds around. I smell monkeys but there is no zoo. I see sombreros but there is no friggin Mexican. Well, in fact there were no major changes to my senses of taste and touch, but that maybe because I'm only here for some 5 days or so.

 Today is the two month anniversay of The Real World ... Blogger Style. Your assignment is to write a post telling how being a member of the house has enriched your life.

 so, i was hiding under Belle's bed this morning, and i overheard the strangest thing. she was on the phone, but i don't know who she was talking to. she kept mentioning "the squeeze" and something about a garbage bag full of 20's. i was a little freaked out, but turned on... so finally she finished the call and then she was humming a strange tune. something from the rocky horror picture show, i think... anyway, at the first opportunity, i made like Jesus (and got the flock out of there). and when i ran into her in the bathroom a few minutes later it was a little awkward. ...and not just because i was in the middle of peeing when she walked in. we chatted about the weather, but she could tell i was spooked, since i didn't make any lewd comments. she had a look in her eye, not unlike suspicion. she couldn't have known i was listening to her shady conversation, but i'm a little worried anyway. so if Belle asks anyone what happened to the stash of porn she had squirrelled away under her bed... don't tell her it was me!

 So if you all could stop yelling at each other all night, I'd appreciate it. PS - That isn't me in the illustration...it's my lady friend.

 Pose for me baby, urlLink pose

 while surfing the net last night, and here are the results that I came up with for the members of the house. What is your sexual preference? 1. Marci - 22 year old Brazilian midgets. 2. Zann - Plushies and over age rock stars. 3. Hard Artist - Exhibitionism, well, duh!!! 4. Belle - The Monica Lewinsky syndrome. 5. Dvl - Spank me Daddy, I've been a naughty girl. 6. Mike - Josie and the Pussycats meets the gang from Scooby Doo. 7. Goose - Barnyard animals. I think that explains how he got the nickname. 8. Jonnie - Dark skinned gentlemen from Cameroon. 9. Zoot - Sax sex. 10. Bored Housewife - I'm sorry Bobby, I can't find my purse so I guess I'm going to have to find another way to pay you for mowing the lawn. 11. Sandra - Mistress, your next appointment is here. My computer crashed and I lost the link before I was able to find out about me. Funny how that stuff works out, isn't it.

 that you have in your refrigerator right now? I just checked. I have a can of spam in mine, but I have no idea how it got there.

 It's the way she laughs. She always goes ahahahahaha. What's with the a ? There is no a before hahahahahaha. No wonder I can't sleep at night.

 I'll E-Mail it off to 'ya if you like it.

 His name is Mike , but he goes by the name of urlLink The Hard Artist . Welcome to the house HA. I hope he doesn't mind that I call him HA, anything over five letters kicks my ass.

 How's that? Goose, if you're listening... I'm working on your picture today! Jeez... I look weird. Stupid camera phone... Oh... And I'm: You're Great Expectations ! by Charles Dickens Coming from humble beginnings, you have become pretty stuck-up in your later years. While hard work and dedication were the path you first walked on, a sudden fork brought you glory and fortune. Unfortunately, you have changed even more than your bottom line. You really should turn back to your old friends and at least respect your old life. Look out for haughty hotties. Take the urlLink Book Quiz at the urlLink Blue Pyramid .

 i swear, i didn't cheat or otherwise influence this quiz to mark me as my all-time favorite book. it's just that clever... Deep Thought must have programmed it. You're The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy ! by Douglas Adams Considered by many to be one of the funniest people around, you are quite an entertainer. You've also traveled to the far reaches of what you deem possible, often confused and unsure of yourself. Life continues to jostle you around like a marble, but it's shown you so much of the world that you don't care. Wacky adventures continue to lie ahead. Your favorite number is 42. Take the urlLink Book Quiz at the urlLink Blue Pyramid . and just for kicks, here's a h2g2 link: urlLink Vogon Poetry Generator

 You're Watership Down ! by Richard Adams Though many think of you as a bit young, even childish, you're actually incredibly deep and complex. You show people the need to rethink their assumptions, and confront them on everything from how they think to where they build their houses. You might be one of the greatest people of all time. You'd be recognized as such if you weren't always talking about talking rabbits. Take the urlLink Book Quiz at the urlLink Blue Pyramid .

 As I tend to see myself in the tradition of the early 20th century Dadaism-artists, my intention is to negate all common aesthetical and social values with the following haiku: Black Bettie Death Cult La La La La La La La Black Bettie Death Cult I know that - apart from the number of syllables - this has about NOTHING to do with a traditional haiku, but I aimed to shock. I'm a rebel at heart.

 urlLink self portrait has been added to the gallery. I have also been informed that she loves her South Park icon, but .... And there's always a but, isn't there, She wants bangs like zoot has. Oh yeah, she wants big boobs too, but then again don't we all. I have a feeling that Sandra might be a little bit of trouble, and not just because of her "Dirndl With A Whip" self-portrait.

 urlLink Satellite Wafers: 240CT Box just in time for them to be discontinued... but i thought you guys might remember these. i pretended the candy things inside were evil aliens, and i was doing my duty to the Federation by eating them. sistah rocks for bringing the Candy Warehouse site to my attention this morning.

 because of you I had nightmares about potato chips all night, and I hope you never know just how scary that really is.

 as St. Patrick's Day draws near, i am getting more excited about making my urlLink Irish brownies . here's some links for you all: fun: urlLink St. Patrick's Day Quiz urlLink fun factoids urlLink why to beware the Ides of March drinks: urlLink the St. Patrick urlLink drink ideas urlLink Bailey's all the way

 What's your favorite chip?

 1. She must write a haiku about herself. (5 syllables, 7 syllables, 5 syllables) 2. She must create a self portrait of herself for our urlLink self portrait gallery . She can post her haiku, and send me her self portrait and I will post that. Oh yeah, for extra credit she can drink the blood of a virgin. We usually use Jonnie for virgin blood drinking.

 Oh, there are so many people with pets in this house..... anyone mind if I bring my cat too? Her name is "Tiny". She likes to hang around in bed and she has lost her interest in everything save food. She's SO like me!

 I'm gonna hang this up in the living room. Kind of heartwarming, huh? HAHAHAHAHA I don't foresee any house issues as long as we have this to refer to.

 urlLink Take the Quiz! And find out.

 Yes, it's true. urlLink *looks at the current world's population* You must have a lot of frustration then. urlLink What pisses you off? Created by urlLink ptocheia If you're stupid and reading this, never mind. Stupid people cant read...

 After weeks of hiding in the bushes in front of your house ( I have 2 stalking-charges going on now, are you satisfied?!) and watching you from afar, Boz has finally decided to show a little compassion and let me in. YAY! Though I'm not quite sure yet if Boz let me in because he likes me or because he couldn't stand Jonnie's begging any more... . But now that I got a foot in the door, you won't get rid of me easily... mwahaha! So, what shall I say... I'm german, currently living in Hamburg, 25 years old and well, check my blog, there's a little about me-section too. Feel free to make jokes about all my spelling- and grammar-mistakes and also feel free to ask me everything you ever wanted to know about Sauerkraut. What else? I got a diploma in economics and a job in marketing but as this isn't satisfying at all, I'm currently busy establishing a cult with me as the deified leader. That's basically it. So will somebody show me where the bathroom is? I brought my special toothbrush, just in case I'll get a little homesick. (mwahaha, let's see how long it takes untill they realize that I infiltrated this house for disciple-recruiting and brainwashing purposes only... MWAHAHA... ooops, did I just say that loud?!?!)

 urlLink *looks at the current world's population* You must have a lot of frustration then. urlLink What pisses you off? Created by urlLink ptocheia

 my first result was stupid people, but i didn't want to copy dvl (because being just like dvl is my secret quest, and posting identical quizzes would expose my plans). urlLink You must be pretty peeved right now then, eh? urlLink What pisses you off? Created by urlLink ptocheia

 because my results are certainly not news to anyone who knows me.

 urlLink Especially the ones that go off right after you've sat down, and spray your ass. Dont'cha just hate that? urlLink What pisses you off? Created by urlLink ptocheia

 and many happy returns.

 Your pic is coming. I'm a little indisposed right now, X gonna give it to 'ya!

 I mean big deal, so his drumming drowned out your sax. He was a friggin' icon for crying out loud. Ringo Starr 1940-2004 R.I.P. Disclaimer: Ringo isn't really dead, it's a joke, ok, a joke!!!

 urlLink Nothing but tape tupperware drawer. urlLink Monkey and balloons for belle.

 Try it... You will probably hate it. urlLink Click here . It's almost as good as the Butthole Surfers' Hairway to Steven .

 "'E's not pinin'! 'E's passed on! This parrot is no more! He has ceased to be! 'E's expired and gone to meet 'is maker! 'E's a stiff! Bereft of life, 'e rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed 'im to the perch 'e'd be pushing up the daisies! 'Is metabolic processes are now 'istory! 'E's off the twig! 'E's kicked the bucket, 'e's shuffled off 'is mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleedin' choir invisibile!!He's fuckin' snuffed it!..... THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!"

 urlLink More horns for you to purchase urlLink Eat Schitt and Die urlLink Just can't fix It's only 1138pm? Gosh, isn't it the weekend yet? Sigh.

 Zoot is queasy, belle thinks she might die, and I've got a headache that could sink the Titanic, and ... IT SMELLS LIKE DEAD MONKEY IN HERE!

 In my bathroom today. He must have taken up residence there after my swingin' party Sat. Night. Can you guess this F-list celebrities name? You're super-cool if you can. That was stupid, I know. I just felt like I've been neglecting the housemates... That's all. I miss you guys. Has Marci started fooling around in my absence?

 If you scan down the right hand side of the page you'll notice that I have posted urlLink buzznet photo albums of both Dvl and myself. If anyone else is interested just go sign up at urlLink buzznet , and let me know about it, and I will post your album. Only the last five pictures you post would be linked here.

 But I might wish it was.

 This picture was taken when the child at hand was busted stuffing an entire box of Talcum Powder down the hole in the toilet... She is in fact, standing on the box in this picture. Grandfather had to take his toilet apart to remove said box. Man was he mad.

 Is this really an Iowa urlLink toilet ?

 Tupperware storage compartment drawer.



 Note the ergonomic toilet plunger handle. Complete with 2 sinks and a coffeemaker - (I also snuck in my devil horns pic too - 2 for 1).

 Too bad you can't see the ceiling that is about to collapse and the faucet that I broke that requires a plumber to fix.

 here's the construction site known as my downstairs bathroom... for the record, flushing toys down one of these bad boys is not a good idea.



 My friend Gina had an interesting bathroom accessory - kitchen sink sprayer attached directly to the toilet - Kind of a built-in cleaning tool / personal hygeine product, I guess.

 i took my potty picture yesterday while i was urlLink out and about . notice that this bathroom is handicap-friendly, which means it is regular-people-unfriendly. my feet do not reach the floor, and my arms can barely reach the toilet paper from the sitting position. haha, funny, right? at least it's not that filthy. i've seen *much* worse.



 unconditional blog love tonight. Ok, how about it?

 urlLink My first celebrity crush. I have good taste. It was the artsy guys from the start.

 Since i'm a little past due for posting something anyway... okay, here's something i've been afraid to mention, but i just have to get it out there... um... i'm pretty sure this place is haunted. i mean, sometimes, when i'm dressing for bed, my bedroom door will just swing open, and there's no one there. or when i'm in the shower, i'll feel a breeze, and a chill passes over me. and i always feel like i'm being watched. no matter where i go in the house, someone's eyes are following me, but when i look around, there's no one there. one time i opened a bottle of beer and then there was a knock at the door, and when i came back--the bottle was empty. and just yesterday i was in the attic, putting away the last of my suitcases (which are finally all empty) and there were strange whisperings and shadows, some heavy breathing, a giggle. so is it just me or do we have a poltergeist lurking????

 Who is going to make the first post of the new week, because Sunday doesn't count.

 so, i went to a show on friday night, and a good time was had by all. since most of you are too far away, here's a link to an urlLink album of photos from the show, if you're interested; there are still links to music and video in the post below if you need more than just visuals.

 Housemates, Whoever put the hallucinogens in that pitcher of lemonade - I didn't find that very funny.

 Let there be polka music. and what could be better than urlLink Beer From Milwaukee Polka ???

 and also because my jaw still hurts from my near fatal visit to the dentist yesterday I am officially declaring this Boz Can Sleep All Day If He Damn Well Pleases Day. There will be urlLink fireworks.

 urlLink I find this!

 ORANGE: Take a picture of something orange - the fruit, or something that is, has or represents the color orange. As always, the only requirement is to have fun... including yourself in the pic is encouraged but not required. Post your photo to the Buzznet photoblog by Monday, May 3, 2004.

 Ok, so I never could think of a signature phrase, but as part of my rehab my sponsor told me I need to "make amends" so I came up with slogans for everyone! Ok, fine, I'm not in rehab, and when I say sponsor I mean monkey, and maybe I had a little urlLink help with the slogans, but still. It's the thought that counts, isn't it? Isn't it? At least that's what my parents told me every Christmas when they gave me rubber bands and boxes of Shake 'n Bake (pre-Cat Shake 'n Bake Incident) as gifts. But enough about me. 1. Please Don't Squeeze The Boz . 2. The Best Part Of Waking Up Is Marci In Your Cup. 3. I Liked The Zann So Much, I Bought The Company! 4. Break Me Off a Piece of That Dvl . 5. Crunch All You Want. We'll Make Mike . 6. There's No Wrong Way to Eat a Bored Housewife . 7. This Is Not Your Father's Sandra . 8. Strong Enough for a Man, Made for a Jonnie . 9. Madmathias . It's Everywhere You Wanna Be. 10. The AtlSuperstar That Eats Like A Meal. And in conclusion, I would like to say there is no conclusion, except I think my eyes are bleeding and if I never see another slogan again it will be too soon.

 Although Easter has come and gone, you can be prepared for next year with the aid of the Jesus Christ Action Figure set! (More info here .)

 or is it just the urlLink mutant budgie . Those whacky New Zealanders!

 urlLink or is it just me?

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. What's your favorite memory of your Grandparents? 2. If you could repeal one law, which would you pick? 3. Have you ever shoplifted? If so, what did you take? (Extra special thanks again to Andrew at NineMileDetour for being the mastermind and writing these questions... show him some love by at least answering this week’s Thursday 3... and show him love on his blog for extra credit.)

 I'm getting a crown. This is the first of two visits. Even though people have been known to die in the dentist's chair, I don't want any of you to worry needlessly. Oh yeah, zann you get my CD collection if, well, you know, if, ummmm, oh god ... ::GROUP HUG:: I'm going to miss you all. Peace be with you.

 If Jonnie & Sandra were to get married, the figures on top of the cake would probably look a lot like this - The guy on the ground is the priest.

 Bueller ... Bueller ... Anyone ??? 11PM EDT, 10PM CDT, 9PM MDT, 8PM PDT ... And 5AM CET

 has a :: thing :: about redheads. Well, yeah, I mean besides me ... and besides Jonnie ... and besides Mike. So if I were you Zann, I'd lock my door at night, that is unless you are in to that kind of scene.

 We'll find out in six days.

 for the Christmas in June gift exchange. Leave a comment if you plan on taking part. There will be a ten dollar spending limit, sorry Sandra I don't know how much that is in German currency. You have until next Monday to sign up. I am in.

 so, have we exchanged names yet for x-mas in june? i like to get my shopping done before the rush.

 my turn at being huntmaster, and this time the goal is to find pictures of the following: frog wearing a party hat aerial view of the “astronaut” on the Nazca Plains purple dragonfly Jay & Silent Bob a parody of “The View” talk show Marvin the Martian painted on a car original artwork from the Pink Floyd album “Wish You Were Here” a book with Chinese writing on the cover Easter Island statue(s) smoking a cigarette/something else and a monkey juggling bananas! search the net and find as many as you can~! they can be real photos or animated or anything that fits the description. i'll post the coolest ones here. send me either links to the pictures (make sure the urls are correct!) or the pictures themselves--email to: urlLink inzannity@aol.com giddy-up.

 The guy pouring my beer 2 weeks ago broke my liter glass.... I think it is would only be nice to leave Drew as a temp pict for me until I can get a good authentic picture of me and my new mug for my icon. It seems only right to me, ......and should to you all too. In other news.... I would like to apologize for my absence, but ever since Mad has moved in, my time has been spent ... um, elsewhere.

 of posting temporary icons for those of you who have not sent me your preference. I must say the one I used for Mike is excellent!!!

 Some weeks ago, I decided that I'd love to have baby animals around me and since I have neither time nor enough room for a little puppy or a kitten, I thought that it would be best to have some fish babies. So, in order to get the fishes in the mood for some sweet lovin', I lit two candles in front of the fishtank and played The Temptations' "On The Nightshift" on heavy rotation. And here's the result of that effort: Yay! Two babies (one hides behind the plant)! They are about a week old now, fishes "David" and "Bowie" are the parents. Thing is, I don't have names for the offspring yet. So I decided to name the fishes after the first two people who comment on this post . So go ahead! This is an unique chance to become the namesake of something that looks like mutant sperm!

 to use a real picture for their icon, send it on, and I'll change it, or just another icon, because I am sick and tired of the south park ones.

 Somebody wake me up, please!!!!

 At the advice of my inner conscience, I have decided to move out of the RWBS house. I really cant commit the time it takes, and it wouldn't be fair or feel right for me to keep hanging on. I have enjoyed my time spent here, reading about your lives and getting to know you. I will continue to read your individual blogs and visit here often to keep up with your crazy shenanigans. Meanwhile, I plan to keep Gooseneck up and running and would love to have you guys stop by once in awhile. Thanks for everything and for putting up with me all this time. I wish you all the best . Goose

 The first edition of the RWBS Limerick Anthology is ready & available at - urlLink http://www.gilliomville.com/rwlimericks.html

 there once was a blogger named mad whose limerick writing was bad so he gave it a shot and pulled his sleeves taut man this sucks just a tad. boo-yah.

 There once was blogger named Jonnie Whose sombrero was awfully scrawny. Even with an erection It avoided detection Which resulted in lack of poonani.

 There once was a blogger named Lisa Who wished to climb the tower of Pisa Once on the top all her buttons she'd pop and flash that small town with a vengeance. bah.

 There once was a blogger named Sandra She repeats her quest like a mantra "Thou shallst join the cult! Or else you get gulled And beware I'm a master in Tantra!"

 I got the limerick fever ... There once was a blogger named belle And another one named dvl They did things in the night Not considered quite right But I'm sure that they did these things well. There once was a blogger named lisa Who got sexually aroused eating pizza She had a big slice But it didn't suffice I guess pizza can't sexually appease ya.

 WATER: Take a picture of water - still or moving, as large as a body of water or as small as water droplets, and anything in between. As always, including yourself in the pic is encouraged. Post your photo to the Buzznet photoblog on Monday, April 26, 2004.

 Gangs of New York There once was a blogger named boz With the hots for Cameron Diaz Till he saw Gangs of New York And he said what the fork I never knew she had such flaws.

 Who many believed was a demon from hell As it turned out she born to be queen, Wife to the man known as Martin Sheen If only she could get him to fall down a well. Special Features Alternate Ending: If only she could get him to stop drinking urlLink Prell .

 there once was a blogger named zann whose tastes made her seem like a man well she surely was not and her temper was hot so be nice or get hit with a pan.

 and only mike to dry me off. the hot tub was nice mikey. we should go it again sometime. i'll leave it at that, i don't want zann thinking i'm trying to cockblock.

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. What is one of your life goals? 2. When was the last time you felt small? 3. What was your favorite childhood toy? (It should come as no surprise that, once again, I had NineMileDetour do my homework for me and write these questions... I am not this deep people -- honestly, you have stepped in deeper puddles.)

 to get Jonnie's penis self portrait off the same level as the zonkboard. So, read any good books lately? Movies?? Bazooka Joe funnies??? Hey, how about this weather???? Maybe that will take care of it.

 I think we can all rest a little easier tonight - Sounds like the worst you can do is bruise it. That takes a load off my mind. I'm relieved. hahaha....relieved.....load......explode..... (sorry. That will be all. I'm done.) hahaha

 urlLink personality test. I am urlLink Krusty the Clown .

 There once was a blogger named silence Whose schooling filled her with violence Worried about doing her best She offered to bare her chest Then her professor sent her for guidance.

 Her writing tinkered on the line of criminal She got busy one day and went far far away And hoped the animosity would be minimal. On that note... the semester is almost over and I will be back soon. If any of you know a good place to sell my soul, let me know, I think i am in the market.

 Write a limerick about yourself. The first line should read: There once was a blogger named (your name here).

 ...what do you think? Just to clarify. Yes, I am a very cluttered individual and yes, this is how it always looks! Keep in mind also that those bottles are several bottles deep as well, that's not just one row! urlLink ..and on a seemingly unrelated but related note.. Oh yes, I will always look this good.. mmm.. living pickle..

 ...i thought this would be the proper arena in which to celebrate the return of my favorite piece. it went missing about a month ago without my knowledge--my mother sent it away, full of cake, with a family member, and forgot she did so, ahem, wtf, dude--and it was gone long enough to raise my stress level by 87% when i was trying to gather my Easter treats for transportation. see, this Tupperware is perfect for cupcakes or multiple floors of brownies. yessah. my beloved container miraculously reappeared thanks to the thoughtfulness of the aforementioned relative. let's party.

 ...I can still post over here, eh? How are you bitches? Who's got a smoke?

 When nobody else is home, I've been going to the backyard and pretending I'm the pool boy. See that leaf in the net? Hey, I'm no slacker. Although the net is kind of heavy, it's pretty fun. A goal to strive for. The impossible dream.

 ...and I always thought artist's handwriting was supposed to be all nice and pretty...



 Bueller? Bueller? Anyone? 11PM EDT, 10PM CDT, 9PM MDT, 8PM PDT and ... 8AM CET

 For my handwriting sample, I composed a one act play. I hope you enjoy it. I put a shitload of thought into it -

 Right ... right??? urlLink urlLink Which My So-Called Life Character Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 So I have a confession. I might have a debilitating addiction. I only wish it was pills or booze or cutting, or something that might lead to an intervention with Dr. Drew and my very own stand out episode of this show, but I'm afraid this is far too serious for that. The thing is, I can't stop watching urlLink My So-Called Life . Is there a support group for this? Because I think I'm beginning to regress and show symptoms of teenage angst and I swear for five minutes today I wondered if urlLink Jordan Catalano would notice me if I dyed my hair red Crimson Glow. Please, this is my cry for help. urlLink urlLink Which My So-Called Life Character Are You? Find out @ urlLink She's Crafty

 Ok Boz, I get the sense that you did not quite believe me when I said that I got all of the answers right to the quiz (Except the John Lennon question, mind you, you say Bridgette Bardot and I say Natalie Wood), anyway... to try to prove to you that I wasnt just saying that I thought that I would elaborate on a few of the questions that were a little bit harder. Boz said that Bridgette Bardot was the subject of the Beatles song Norwegian Wood. That may be a rumor (there are several) but the one I heard was that it was written about Natalie Wood whom he met on a chance encounter while in Oslo Norway in late 1964. Don Larsen of the New York Yankees pitched a perfect game in game 5 of the 1956 World Series against the Brooklyn Dodgers . I had the quote "we dont need no stinkin badges" as coming from the movie Magnificent 7 Roger McGuinn's full real name was James Joseph Mcguinn . I didn't elaborate as much as Boz did on Dino's death, I merely had Plane crash air guard And admittedly, I had the Monkees down as the author of the Grand Ennui and not specifically Mike Nesmith. I actually did a term paper on Pete Gray while I was in junior high school (that's middle school for you youngsters). I knew that he only had one arm. I knew that Ronnie Reagan was the first president to live after being elected in a year that eneded with zero because I remember being disappointed that he broke the chain. (I know, it's harsh, but it is true.) Also, another cool fact about Ronald Wilson Reagan... The letters in each of his names has 6 letters. Thus, 666. Most answers were relatively easy to find on the internet and the few that I didn't know I was able to get from urlLink Hawspipe quite quickly. Not only do I use him as my attorney, I also go to him with my tough questions. So... Perhaps my comment about having all correct answers was a little overblown, but I did have them right according to my sources. And really now... Do you think that I would actualy lie to you? Ha! Take that Boz!

 You've probably noticed that Goose hasn't been around for awhile. Turns out he hadn't ditched the house like all of you had suspected, it seems that in real life he has just moved into a new house and has been very busy. Also, Goose claims that he got every one of the answers to the trivia quiz correct, but that was easy to claim once the answers had been posted. Finally, in dvl's Thursday Three , which dvl didn't actually write, Goose said the one activity that he was forced to participate in was school picture day. Here is what he had to say about it: My parents thought that the school photo was the most important thing in the world. I hated it and one time about 7th grade didn't smile. My mother freaked OUT. She set up an appointment and made me re-do it and this time she went with me. She was so pissed and to this day I cant figure that out. When I told him that would be a good pic to post he claimed that it had been lost forever years ago. But !!! I did a Google Image search and was able to come up with the urlLink original pic , the urlLink replacement pic , and three other pics of Goose taking part in urlLink various urlLink school urlLink activities . Take that Goose!

 1. Who is the only player to pitch a perfect game in baseball’s World Series? Don Larsen 2. “We don’t need no stinkin’ badges” is a line from what movie? The Treasure of the Sierra Madres was the first movie, but it was such a classic line it appeared in many subsequent films. 3. In what novel would you find a character named Robert Ackley? Catcher in the Rye 4. Who were the original seven members of The Real World … Blogger Style? I goofed, there were eight original members including Boz, Marci, Melissa, Nada, Drew, Hard Artist, Zann, and Dvl 5. Who is actress Ione Skye’s father? The singer Donovan 6. In the 60’s the leader of the band The Byrds changed his name to Roger McGuinn, what did he change it from? Jim McGuinn 7. Who won seven gold medals in the 1972 summer Olympics? Mark Spitz 8. How did actor/singer Dean Martin’s son Dino die? He crashed the military aircraft he was piloting into a mountain. 9. The Beatle’s song Norwegian Wood was based on a one night stand that John Lennon had with what actress? It was rumored that it was Bridget Bardot, but since I have no proof the question didn’t count 10. Who wrote and recorded the song The Grand Ennui? Mike Nesmith 11. What city are the street names from the board game Monopoly located in? Atlantic City 12. In what city would you find the streets Haight and Ashbury? San Francisco 13. What were the names of the rock groups that Crosby, Stills, Nash, & Young were in before they formed CSN&Y? Crosby the Byrds, Nash the Hollies, Stills and Young the Buffalo Springfield. 14. What cast member of the MTV show The Real World died from AIDS? Pedro Zamora 15. What do Kurt Vonnegut Jr, and Geraldo Rivera have in common? Rivera was married to Vonnegut’s daughter. 16. Who coined the term “Rock and Roll”? Disk Jockey Alan Freed 17. What made baseball player Pete Gray unique? He only had one arm 18. Who played lead guitar on the Michael Jackson song, Beat It? Eddie Van Halen 19. What was significant about the deaths of Thomas Jefferson and John Adams? They both died on the 4th of July 1826, the 50th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence, which they co-authored. 20. Since 1820 who is the only US president elected in a year that ends in zero that hasn’t died in office? (Not counting the current president, because he hasn’t left office yet.) Ronald Reagan. Three people took the quiz. Mike had two questions wrong and both Zann and Mike missed one question. Zann said she wanted to do the next test. Your turn Zann!!!

 Anyone else?

 I don't know why she didn't post it here. You are SALUTE YOUR SHORTS. You are a wangsta who knows business. You have fun in the sun and know how to have a good laugh. urlLink Which old school Nickelodeon show are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I stole it from Jonnie's site, so I don't think he'll mind, and if he does ... so what. Caption this pic!

 Is anyone interested in the house celebreating Christmas in June with a gift exchange and other holiday stuff? I haven't thought it out yet, but if enough of us were interested it would be a cool thing. Participation would NOT be mandatory, so don't worry about that, just the people interested. Names would be drawn at random and there would be a spending limit of I guess ten dollars, but if that is too high we could make it five. Give me your feedback on this people. Let's make this Christmas in June the best Christmas in June we've ever had!!!

 LIGHT: Take a picture of light - natural or artificial, dim or bright, or some type of unique lighting. As always, including yourself in the pic is encouraged, but not a requirement. Post your photo to the Buzznet photoblog on Monday, April 19, 2004.

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. What was one activity/group that your parents made you participate in as a kid? 2. If you could live in the world of any movie/book/television show, which would you choose? 3. If you could instantly have any skill you currently don't possess, what would you want? (I am a slacker... this week's Thursday Three courtesy of NineMileDetour )

 between Mad and myself as the urlLink take on the urlLink in the first round of the NBA playoffs, but the conflict should be short lived as the Pistons will probably sweep the series. Go Pistons !!!

 Some of us were hanging out last night. and we all scurried over to check out Mad's buzznet. and there was much joy. he should be made aware that several lewd comments were made, most of which came from Boz, but still. if i were him, i would be flattered. ...although we all know it doesn't exactly take much to get me smiling. he may very well be the most elligible bachelor in the house or the least eligible most bachelor...or something. and for some reason i saw pictures of someone else a while back and i thought it was him... so i thought i knew what he looked like, but i was wrong. ...unless he lost a lot of weight and had a new smile surgically implanted and dyed his hair and bought color contacts....? so that was kind of funny for me--a pleasant surprise. almost as funny as this one person who kept commenting on my buzznet stuff... i assumed it was a guy. read the blog, there was a story about a girl, romantic, etc. said blogger signed things with a name that is 99% of the time a men's name. then said blogger posted self-portraits on buzznet. girl. hot girl, even. so it was a win, win situation. but odd, nonetheless. also, if anyone has a spare roll of duct tape, could i borrow it? oh--pool boy's here, gotta go--- (and no, i'm not doing this to distract attention from the Jordan fiasco.) (well, maybe a little.)

 all you wanted to know about the urlLink magic 8 ball , and more!

 for Angela and Rayanne. Jordan read the zonkboard. Love Brian

 MadMathias has a urlLink buzznet account so I linked it to our rwbs account.

 Jonnie's die was already cast.

 Scavenger Hunt/Trivial Pursuit Challenge. Mike came up with the idea for an online scavenger hunt , which slowly morphed into online trivial pursuit . Which means if you don't know the answers you can look them up online. Please DO NOT post your answers in the comments section. Send them to me by email, if you don't know my email, look it up, afterall, it is a scavenger hunt, isn't it? You've got till 12:01 AM EDT Sunday morning to submit your answers. The winner, or winners, may get a prize, depending on how I feel. Sooooo, without further ado ... The Test 1. Who is the only player to pitch a perfect game in baseball’s World Series? 2. “We don’t need no stinkin’ badges” is a line from what movie? 3. In what novel would you find a character named Robert Ackley? 4. Who were the original seven members of The Real World … Blogger Style? 5. Who is actress Ione Skye’s father? 6. In the 60’s the leader of the band The Byrds changed his name to Roger McGuinn, what did he change it from? 7. Who won seven gold medals in the 1972 summer Olympics? 8. How did actor/singer Dean Martin’s son Dino die? 9. The Beatle’s song Norwegian Wood was based on a one night stand that John Lennon had with what actress? 10. Who wrote and recorded the song The Grand Ennui? 11. What city are the street names from the board game Monopoly located in? 12. In what city would you find the streets Haight and Ashbury? 13. What were the names of the rock groups that Crosby, Stills, Nash, & Young were in before they formed CSN&Y? 14. What cast member of the MTV show The Real World died from AIDS? 15. What do Kurt Vonnegut Jr, and Geraldo Rivera have in common? 16. Who coined the term “Rock and Roll”? 17. What made baseball player Pete Gray unique? 18. Who played lead guitar on the Michael Jackson song, Beat It? 19. What was significant about the deaths of Thomas Jefferson and John Adams? 20. Since 1820 who is the only US president elected in a year that ends in zero that hasn’t died in office? (Not counting the current president, because he hasn’t left office yet.)

 I've decided that there are some things in my past I need to atone for. Since I won't be able to apologize to anyone for them, I'll make amends by fasting one day for every one on my list. Anyone ever fasted before? Any tips? I wonder if this will factor positively in my goal to let the past go.

 but you can still view them in the friends section of the Photo Challenge link.

 so I am going to be deleting some of the stuff on the sidebar that is just taking up space.

 A phrase that is uniquely are own and identifies us as such. my signature phrase is: Well, damn!

 if you are going to a fast food restaurant and ask for a "plain cheeseburger" what do you intend to receive? A) a burger with a bun and a slice of cheese and nothing else, or B) a burger with everything imagineable EXCEPT cheese. i more often than not get the morons in the drivethrough who think it is B (or some undefined C), which is precisely the opposite of what i want. i want A, dammit, and is that too much to ask? i'm only swinging through these damn drivethroughs now and then cuz my current work hours lead to much time in between meals. woe is me.

 suggestions?

 Hi all, I no longer wish to be a part of RWBS. It was fun while it lasted, and I appreciate you allowing me to join. But the time has come for me to go. Thanks for everything Boz... please unlink me as soon as you get the chance. :-) Zoot

 It's been said a picture's worth a thousand words... Read the story here .

 urlLink ...cat? urlLink ...bird??

 as we welcomed ATLSuperStar to the house, and don't worry ATL, it will grow back eventually. Any other comments? Bueller? Bueller? Anyone??? Oh yeah, Sandra added a buzznet album to the page.

 Is urlLink it really that shocking?

 sorry gang, i broke the garbage disposal last night. i had no idea a shot glass could get thrashed that easily and still clog it all up. boz, you'll have to call a repairman. the 7 remaining fingers and 1 eyeball can attest to my inability to fix things.

 ...this Monday better start feeling like a Thursday... FAST!! (or else i'm going to need an IV-drip)

 How about Monday night at 11pm edt, 10 pm cdt, 9 pm mdt, or 8pm pdt??? Be there or be square.



 It must be boz' tremendous authority that makes me feel like I HAVE to apologize for my lax posting in the last week... so here we go: I'm sorry. So so sorry. I'll do the dishes of all housemates for the next week. My official excuse is that my mom visited me for a few days. It was awesome... though she forced me to listen to the "Dirty Dancing" soundtrack all the time and to watch films with Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts. But then again she invited me to a fancy restaurant where I not only had the best fillet steak in my whole life, but I also sat at a table where the Bee Gees and Englebert Humperdink used to sit as well. Woah. You know, my butt was in contact with the chair that used to be in contact with Englebert Humperdinks/ the Gibb brothers' butt(s)... so my butt virtually rubbed the celebrities' butts. Jealous, huh? Well, I was THAT excited that I performed Sir Mix-A-Lot's "Baby Got Back" on our way home on the subway, but let's not get into details. So, here I am after all and I promise not to neglect the RWBS again, but in the unlikely case that I do so, I'll watch Meg Ryan movies as a punishment. That's just fair.

 Happy Easter

 And you hear the DJ say the words "Creek Nation in the house" take my advice: find the nearest exit and run like hell screaming into the night. Because life is about to get a hell of a lot more complicated. To tell you any more, I'd have to see your CDIB card. At any rate, I just spent a lovely and low-key evening - wait, make that no-key evening - with my uncle, his girlfriend, and my very first ever real true love and his basically common law wife (also known as the mother of his child). I loved this boy like mad from the time I was 13 until I was 23. I don't know if he ever loved me like that, but at a few points in our lives, simultaneously in fact, during nights that were too short, I think we felt "something" in our quivering mid-sections and recognized its existence between heavy breaths and fumbling tongues. He may have loved me like that. I think I saw it tonight. In the 15 years my family has known him, he has come to be one of us, yet earlier my little age-thirteen heart still jumped when he looked at me and my mid-section quivered with an anxiety that will never quite be quelled. I don't suppose my love for him ever really grew up, and honestly, I hope it never matures.

 to belle's favorite actor, Haley Joel Osment. Sixteen, isn't that the age of consent in New Hampshire?

 has been urlLink posted , she's no Picasso, but ehhh, from what I've heard, neither was Picasso.

 One half of The Corey's here. I'm the mid-season replacement and the rare token American Indian. I'm doing this in lieu of commitment to a rehabilitation program in sunny Venice Beach. I'm doing this in lieu of any commitment at all. I'd like to thank Boz for making this all possible. I wear my sunglasses at night for you, Bozzius. Dream a little dream of me. Cheers.

 belle's gift to boz has me all re-excited about easter. i just finished my shopping, so i am all ready to pile some of the goodies into a basket for my nieces and nephew boyfriend and eat the rest. i &#139;3 Cadbury Bunny.

 I got a package of stuff from belle today. UPS delivered it while I was out so they left it urlLink here. Call me anal, but I had to take a picture of the urlLink box . Here's the urlLink stuff!!! And this is belle's idea of a urlLink joke .

 ANIMAL: Take a picture of an animal -- it can be big or small, domestic or wild, on land or in water, real or stuffed. As always, including yourself in the pic is encouraged, but not a requirement. Post your photo to the Buzznet photoblog on Monday, April 12, 2004.

 urlLink Command the Chicken . Tell the chicken, he'll do anything.

 This is a test post. Hello!!! Can anybody see this?

 urlLink Check it out.

 Please allow me this moment of self-indulgence - What's immediately apparent is the pink rose (Belle) is gone! Probably plucked, unless the coyotes got it. The red roses (Sandra) have blossomed into Sandra #s 1, 2, 3...probably at least a dozen. The hose (Boz) has been shot-off all over the place - at least once. The diving board (Dvl) - still bouncing, nobody's hurt themselves on her yet. The barbecue grill (Bored Housewife) - still cookin'. My reflection in the pool (Marci) is still there when I look for her, she appears drunk. Neither the beer bottle (Goose) nor the snorkle (Zoot) are anywhere to be found. I was going to uninstall the light fixture since Hard Artist left...but the house owners weren't willing to indulge me on that. I thought the waterwings (Zann and Mike) had left as well, but found them bundled up in a petstore bag next to a toy chair - There's a new orange rose on the left which I originally pegged as Mad Mathius; but keeping with my analogy, it would be a remanifestation of Belle and Mad Mathius would be stepping into Hard Artist's spot as the night light. I'm assuming nobody wants to be the big bag of garden fertilizer. That will be all. How I can be so insanely busy and still manage to waste, not just my own, but everybody's time it beyond me.

 i must be getting old. seems i have to shave more than once a week now.

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. If you could spend an evening (i.e., dinner & drinks) getting to know one famous person (living or dead), who would it be? 2. If you could BE a famous person for 24 hours, who would you be? 3. Have you ever met a famous person or been mistaken for one? (Who?) (we're not reinventing the wheel here, people)

 I would like to clear up this misconception about me and Tommy Page. Remember how everyone thought Jonnie was obsessed with Zann? And it turned out to be completely true? Yeah, this isn't like that. I mean, it was purely a coincidence that I happened to be standing outside the lovely Hampton Beach Casino when Tommy stepped off his tour bus. Also, please note that I am not one of the acid-wash jean clad girls in the following picture, and not because I'm afraid of heights, and not because I was already in his room hiding in the bathtub, but because I do not love Tommy in such a way that would necessitate climbing in his window to ask him to sign my shoe. Anything else you might hear is a complete fabrication. Especially if Tommy tells you himself and he mentions a stuffed bunny and a restraining order.

 since he busted my chops on our new adopted baseball team it is time to give Mad his initiation assignment. First: Write a haiku about yourself using the 5-7-5 syllable format and post it in here. Second: Create a self portrait of yourself, send it to me and I will post it on the urlLink self portrait page.

 However, calling them a baseball team might be stretching it a bit. Ladies and gents may I present the Official Team of The Real World ... Blogger Style ...... urlLink The Detroit Tigers !!! Go get 'em Tigers.

 Public RW account for generating comic strips is in effect. Username: realworld password: gAVAQJcy First one, Featuring Boz, Belle, & Tom is - urlLink Right Here urlLink Add more here

 I did a Google image search for everyone's name, and this is what I came up with. urlLink Boz preaching to Jonnie and Belle. urlLink Marci's Free Beer Night drinking buddies. urlLink Belle, well this is pretty obvious. urlLink Dvl's blogging outfit. urlLink Lisa's wedding day ... doh!!! urlLink Sandra practicing for her vacation with Jonnie. urlLink Codeword: Amish Jonnie. urlLink MadMathias's dickdo.

 I made a comic strip featuring Jonnie (as narrator), Boz and Belle by copy and pasting zonkboard statements from last night. urlLink It can be viewed here

 It's Friggle's the Clown time. Check out the madcap adventures of urlLink Friggles the Clown and all his friends. Or ... Create your own urlLink comic strip .

 After Dvl and I finished chatting last night we decided that it wouldn't be prudent for her to continue to refer to me as Dr. Boz, but it would be perfectly acceptable if she still thought of me as Dr. Boz. It was a beautiful moment, we don't want to spoil it.

 name your five favorite one hit wonders! i'll be in the charlotte, nc area this weekend. if anyone will be in the vicinity and would like to play hopscotch, or perhaps duel in some chinese jumprope, or go toe to toe in some wickedly fast double dutch, give me a holla!

 From the Urban Dictionary - I chose urlLink Trucker Love . Do I really need a reason for choosing this? Trucker Love, folks. Trucker. Loooove. I love it so much I recorded my pronunciation of it for the entire free world to hear, but apparently my voice is too 13-year-old-phone-sex-operator for Urban Dictionary to handle because it isn't showing. Bastards. Don't they know I'm a role model?

 From the Urban Dictionary - I chose urlLink Skiing , not the most original thing in there, but the first definition was worded so elegantly, I couldn't resist.

 It's called urlLink More Reservoir Than Tarantino , but it's okay because Belle's baby's urlLink future daddy is a contributor.

 I just submitted RW and a bunch of individual blogs to the Internet Archive for crawling and saving. This is an ambitious project (with mixed results) to archive the whole freaking web at various points in time...it's like mega terrabytes of data and it's all well protected and regularly migrated as well as copied and kept in different countries around the world. So in a thousand years or so, when researchers are looking at how people used to practice the Cincinnati Steamer at the dawn of the 21st century, Belle will get proper credit for practically inventing it. And Boz will be rightfully worshipped as a God. And I will go down in history as the first Amish blogger.

 I came across urlLink this , and I am wondering if we have made our first enemy. Just becuase Jonnie is obssessed with his pool, I am a raging alcoholic, belle is all about the sheen, and we might take one too many quizzes, I don't feel we are garbage.

 I just poured some orange juice over my pasta because I thought it was parmesan cheese. What does that tell about me? That I need a) new glasses, b) vacation or c) medication? Or... hmmmm... .

 You are June Cleaver, can you say Stepford wife? urlLink What Leave It To Beaver character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 You are Eddie Haskell, my what a lovely frock you're wearing today Mrs. Cleaver. urlLink What Leave It To Beaver character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 and this is what I come up with? You are Beaver Cleaver everybody's favorite loser. urlLink What Leave It To Beaver character are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 he says: every word dripping with sarcasm Crikey, not even the person who runs it is posting. Yeah, I said "crikey' sounds like "bite me" so go ahead.

 Maybe a little TOO urlLink close-up.

 SEPTEMBER: Suave and compromising. Careful, cautious and organized. Likes to point out people's mistakes. Likes to criticize. Stubborn. Quiet but able to talk well. Calm and cool. Kind and sympathetic. Concerned and detailed. Loyal but not always honest. Does work well. Very confident. Sensitive. Thinking generous. Good memory. Clever and knowledgeable. Loves to look for information. Must control oneself when criticizing. Able to motivate oneself. Understanding. Fun to be around. Secretive. Loves sports, leisure and traveling. Hardly shows emotions. Tends to bottle up feelings. Very choosy, especially in relationships. Systematic. urlLink What does your birth month say about you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Well, yes I am. JUNE: Thinks far with vision. Easily influenced by kindness. Polite and soft-spoken. Having lots of ideas. Sensitive. Active mind. Hesitating, tends to delay. Choosy and always wants the best. Temperamental. Funny and humorous. Loves to joke. Good debating skills. Talkative. Daydreamer. Friendly. Knows how to make friends. Abiding. Able to show character. Easily hurt. Prone to getting colds. Loves to dress up. Easily bored. Fussy. Seldom shows emotions. Takes time to recover when hurt. Brand conscious. Executive. Stubborn. _________________________________ urlLink What does your birth month say about you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I am finishing my last term paper and tomorrow I shall do my Christmas in June shopping. Orange County's 99cent Stores look just like this. I will wear red.

 audio news of the week. urlLink

 Unhappy Birthday i've come to wish you an unhappy birthday because you're evil and you lie and if you should die i may feel slightly sad (but i won't cry) love and lost and some may say when usually it's nothing surely you're happy, it should be this way? i say, "no, i'm gonna kill my dog" and: "may the lines sag heavy and deep tonight XXX" i've come to wish you an unhappy birthday because you're evil and you lie and if you should die i may feel slightly sad (but i won't cry) love and lost some people say when usually its nothing surely you're happy, it should be this way? i said, "no" and then i shot myself so, drink, drink, drink and be ill tonight from the one you left behind

 Dwell: Take a picture of a dwelling (preferably yours) - can be as specific as your home/house, or as general as the State you live in, etc. - and describe what makes it home for you. As always, the only requirement is to have fun... including yourself in the pic is encouraged but not required. Post your photo to the RWBS Buzznet photoblog by Monday, May 24, 2004.

 Hasselhoff claims he had hand in Berlin Wall falling "David Hasselhoff has complained to museum curators after finding his photo absent in a collection of memorabilia about the fall of the Berlin Wall." "He said he felt he had moved people on both sides of the wall, although he admitted hardly any of the East Germans could speak English. He said: "I find it a bit sad that there is no photo of me hanging on the walls in the Berlin Museum at Check-Point Charlie." "'After my appearance I hacked away at pieces of the wall that had the black, red and yellow colours of the German flag on it. I kept the big piece for myself and gave the smaller pieces to colleagues at Baywatch.'" "Hasselhoff said he doesn't mind that Americans make fun of his popularity in Germany and says he feels it is his second homeland." urlLink Full Article Here

 urlLink

 is now free. urlLink Check it out if you want, or don't, it makes no difference to me.

 write a caption for this picture.

 found urlLink THIS program that lets you upload pics right to your blog. You might want to check it out, and then again you might not. No pressure here.

 Lightning is the cool pony ... right??? urlLink Lightning is an upbeat and capricious pony. Possessed of a ready wit and a sharp mind, he often finds it hard to keep his mind on the task at hand. He loves suprises, especially if he's the one springing them! Quiz link ... urlLink HERE .

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. Past, present or future... what is the best Christmas gift ever? 2. What’s something done by strangers that annoys you beyond belief? 3. You already have socks on your feet, and you now realize that you only have the following two choices for footwear: Tevas -or- Birkenstocks. What do you do? (As in weeks prior, a super silly amount of thanks, admiration and other such validation goes out to Andrew at NineMileDetour for writing two of the three questions this week... visit him and give him love (or call him on his shit, whichever you like). Sharing is caring, people. Also, thanks to BenBen for the other question -- who, if/when he sees this i suspect will exclaim “OMG! OMG!” and mutter something about a time machine and gorgonzola cheese.)

 Mad's unsuccessful try out for the Chippendale Dancers. Picture courtesy of his urlLink sister .

 the rw ... bs.

 Since I was unable to post last Friday, here is the belated question for last week: Name your 5 favorite television characters of all time (no animals or cartoons). I also wanted to say that I am very distraught at the loss of our lone pure redhead. I guess she must have discovered my dirty little secret. mike, thanks for the good times in the hot tub. quick x-mas in june list: * unique pez dispenser(s) * supply of fun dip * all flavors of big league chew * invader zim wristband * water balloons

 Blogger is still acting up and is randomly changing back and forth between the old and new template. As you have probably noticed zann and mike have left the blog. They both contributed a lot to the blog and it's sad to see them go, but as they both said it was time for them to move on. urlLink Monique kindly offered to fill in on the xmas in june gift exchange, but as I said in the previous post it was easier to straighten out than I thought it would be. Thanks Monique your offer was greatly appreciated, and please continue to lurk as much as you want, who knows you may be the next person to see Jonnie's little pony as he saunters down the hall half asleep and buck naked on his way to the shower. For now eight looks like a good number and I think we should hold off on any new members until after Xmas ... in June. Anything on anyone else's mind?

 I've redone the xmas list and there weren't as many changes as I thought. Dvl, Marci, Mad, Jonnie, and Belle keep the same names as before. Lisa and Sandra have new names, and I will be emailing them later today with the details.

 Don't Go To Bed With A Price On Your Head See today's urlLink Nacho for a closer look.

 This is Jonnie's new icon.

 We will have to redo the xmas in june gift list because two people just dropped out. I'll figure it out in a day or two. I just purchased a new computer today and i am still trying to set things up. I guess a couple people couldn't handle it.

 I would like to cancel my subscirption as well, I feel the content and design of this magazine has gone downhill. A refund will not be necessary but please, discontinue my delivery.

 it was fun while it lasted, but i know when to quit. thanks a bunch! zann out.

 You are Hecubus! I knew it! Evil! Evil after all this time! [You are imminently evil! Your life is consumed by doing evil deeds like blocking your Master's car in the driveway or showing up drunk to the taping of your EVIL show. You don't have many friends, in fact you only have two, Simon-who is really more of your Master, and Mr.Vodka! Deep down you may seem like a nice person... no, nevermind you are evil to the core. Owa tana siam!] yep, sounds like me alright. *shrug*

 You're a Garbage Pail Kid!! You're dirty, foul, disgusting, and wrong. But you're still funny as hell. urlLink What childhood toy from the 80s are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 as some of you may have read on my page, i've been experiencing some technical difficulties with my current living situation. it seems i have some catching up to do here at the rwbs, so let's begin. You're a Speak & Spell!! You nerd, you. Just because you were disguised as a toy doesn't mean you weren't educational, you sneaky bastard. urlLink What childhood toy from the 80s are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla You are Francesca Fiore! You have no problem getting what you want, where you want it, and when you want it. Sometimes you get a little sidetracked by your sexy sidekick Bruno, but there is no mix that you cannot get out of. You are sexy, you are beautiful, you are glowing, you are Francesca-enough said! You have starred in many movies, even if their content is somewhat questionable and has been censored all too often, and you have a love of all furry creatures, especially if they can make a good handbag. urlLink Which Kids in the Hall Character Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla You are a Fucking Idiot. You're all about screwing people over. Your celebrity icon is Heidi Fleiss. urlLink What Kind Of Idiot Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Also known widely as the Fire Bird, the phoenix is a profound symbol of life and rebirth. It has a life cycle of 500 to 600 years and after that amount of time, it sets itself on fire and dies in the flames. Then, after three days, it rises again from the ashes. It is a completely benign creature who lives in dew. It is said that the phoenix has a beautiful melodious song which grows ever more mournful as its life comes to an end. It is also a symbol of the sun and immortality. What mythical beast best represents you? urlLink Take the quiz! the end result seems to be i am francesca fiore's reborn sarcastic, nerdy, and fucking idiotic side, which happenss to resmeble a cross between heidi fleiss and a speak and spell. a speak and fleiss if you will. also, happy birthday sandra, and welcome back lisa. my set of wacky wall walkers has gone missing. has anybody seen them?

 Six to four in favor of the new template. New Template - Boz, Dvl, Lisa, Jonnie, Sandra, and Belle. Old Template = Zann, Mike, Marci, and Mad. The new template stays.

 You're My Little Pony!! Sweet and innocent and happy, you make people want to spew burrito chunks. Even a Care Bear could kick your ass. urlLink What childhood toy from the 80s are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Goddam it!! I'm not too happy with this at all. I hate My Little Pony.

 Wait, I am Gavin!!! You are Gavin! If your head were made of veal, which you know it is not, but if it were made of veal, how much would it be worth? $20? No, you don't think you'll sell. You are a bit clueless as to what is really going on around you, in fact, you seriously annoy everyone you come in contact with. Although, this does not seem to phase you in the least. As long as you've got your glasses and your backpack and your mom is away getting her makeover done, you're happy, and are content to ask useless questions and give useless answers until the cows come...which they do, every Thursday, right after they lunch with the President. urlLink Which Kids in the Hall Character Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I want to be a Lumberjack. You're a Garbage Pail Kid!! You're dirty, foul, disgusting, and wrong. But you're still funny as hell. urlLink What childhood toy from the 80s are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I want to be a Lumberjack. You are a Complete Idiot. No matter what you do, you just can't be anything but an idiot. Your celebrity icon is Carrot Top. urlLink What Kind Of Idiot Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 I want to be a Lumberjack. A formidable creature half lion and half eagle, the griffin is said to be one thousand times stronger than any lion and five thousand times as farsighted as an eagle. Humans find themselves unable to lie while in a Griffin's presence. The griffin is also said to be fierce and untamed. It was a protector against evil and people often wore talismans of a griffin's claw to protect them from demons. Griffins were often used as transport for the gods. They were also reputed to swoop down from the mountains on occasion and pick up goats and small horses and bring them back to their nests for their young. What mythical beast best represents you? urlLink Take the quiz!

 But I will brush them all away, and come to stay for a spell. Or at least for long enough to dirty every dish in the kitchen and start a fight between 3 or more housemates. I figure, it's the least i can do... or the most. to say the least...

 To my favorite German import since Nena and her 99 Luftballons.

 Belle, Marci, and Mad have yet to vote on the template change.

 Layered: Take a picture of something that is Layered - paper, colors, clothes, food, hair, etc. As always, the only requirement is to have fun... including yourself in the pic is encouraged but not required. Post your photo to the RWBS Buzznet photoblog by Monday, May 17, 2004.

 www.realworldbloggerstyle.com? Or do you have a better idea? (For the domain name that is) Comment away! *note: www.rwbs.com is NOT available* and urlLink just for fun

 Let's vote on it. Ten people, ten votes. Everyone votes or it doesn't count. A tie and we do it again. I vote NEW TEMPLATE. Also: Everyone now has full administrative privileges.

 Just when I thought today was totally in the shitter, I get a link to Craigslist where a co-worker has penned the following personal ad: "You will offend me by doing something which annoys me. I will throw pickles at your head. You will cry. I will laugh at you. We will embrace, dive onto the futon and make hot monkey love. I will promise never to throw pickles at you again. You will apologize for annoying me. I will burp. Loudly. You will wake up in my muscular arms. We will drink coffee and coo at each other. You will do something trivial which annoys me. I will throw extra-crispy French fries at your heaving bosom. You will cry. I will tell you that these French fries are trans-fat free. This will reassure you. We will dive onto the futon and make hot monkey love. I will eat the French fries." (Thanks to D, for the pick-me-up that I so greatly needed)

 From this morning's webcam.

 Everyone loves the new template. What a load off of my mind. I thought for sure some of you wouldn't like it. Oh, and if any of you have any suggestions ... keep them to yourself.

 How do you feel about urlLink this one?

 update to one of the spiffy new blogger templates, or any template for that matter. Any suggestions, comments, threats?

 (aka. Thursday 3) At this very moment, what is your: 1. Favorite song? 2. Favorite scent? 3. Favorite quote? (Humble apologies as to the crappiness of these questions this week - Andrew at NineMileDetour was much too busy to do my homework today and so I had to do it myself. *grumble*)

 I have always wanted to start my own cult so people could freely worship me, give me money, and to help me avoid paying taxes.... but as normal with all of my good ideas, someone beat me to it. Here are the commandments of the perfect cult, brought to you by the geniuses over at the urlLink beer church. 1. "Thou shalt have no other gods before me." This means that it is okay to like wine, or whiskey, or what have you, but you must love Beer above all others. 2. "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image." Remember those hats that were vaguely popular back in the 70’s? The hats that were made of macramé and old beer cans? Don’t do that. 3. "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain." No beer bashing. Never say things like, "fuck beer" or "beer sucks." Also, try to refrain from dissin’ on beers that you yourself would not chose to drink. For instance, you may not like Hamms, but that does not mean it sucks. It simply means that you don’t like it. Someone else does. All beers have their place. Just because it’s place is not in your fridge, that doesn’t mean you should call it names. That creates bad beer karma. An example: Upon first tasting a premium American lager, a famous English humorist once said, "Put it back in the horse!" Not long after that, while adventuring in New Guinea, he found himself stripped naked, lathered in honey, tied to a pole and fed to vicious hordes of fire ants for the amusement of a native tribe. Fire ants go for the "soft" tissue first. Ouch. 4. "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy." There are two reasons why you should not work on Sunday: Hangovers and the NFL. 5. "Honour thy father and thy mother:" I grew up around Seattle. That means my Dad had to choose between being a Rainier man, or a Oly man. My Dad was a Rainier man. I respect that. My Mom sometimes adds a couple pinches of salt to a glass of draught beer. She doesn’t really have a reason, she just likes it that way. That’s cool. And if your parents don’t drink beer, it's okay to pity them as long as you honor them by having a cold one in their name! 6. "Thou shalt not kill." Do not waste beer. We all joke about "party fouls," but truthfully we should morn the loss of a perfectly good beer. 7. "Thou shalt not commit adultery." In short, this means that you should never aspire to be President. That station in life will open you up to far too much scrutiny. No job in the world is tougher to do, and no job will expose you to such high levels of stress. It therefore follows that no job will make you want a beer more than being President. Also, since beer is easier to obtain when you are a person of such significant power, it is a bizarre twist of fate that being President so seriously hampers your ability to drink freely. Something as simple as drinking a beer in the Oval Office will likely cause a hyper-political media backlash and you will be forced to apologize to a nation of ungrateful people who likely would have done the exact same thing given the opportunity. 8. "Thou shalt not steal." This one is pretty obvious. Don’t steal someone else’s beer. Always share the last bit in the pitcher evenly. When splitting a 6 pack with someone, don’t drink extra fast just so you can have 4 beers. Respect your fellow human being’s appreciation of beer. 9. "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour." This means that you should always invite, or at least advise, your neighbors when you have a party. 10. "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, nor anything that is thy neighbour's." There is no reason to be jealous of, or to harbor ill will for your neighbor just because he has beer. You can have beer too. Every grocery store and every convenience store has got beer for sale to the public, and you are free to go there and get some beer of your own. However, if your neighbor has got a stainless steel Snap-On Beer Fridge and a urinal in his carpeted garage, nobody will blame you for being jealous.

 dated both of the Menendez brothers while she was in High School.



 Does anyone have some women's clothing that I can wear? You're a LUMBERJACK! But that ok, this means that you a versatile and easy going person. You can truly fit into any social enviroment but are a nature nut at heart. You not that concerned about other's opinions, even if they don't like your new pumps that you bought to go with your chainsaw. Face it, you're a girly just like your dear ma-ma. urlLink Which Monty Python Character Are You brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Also ... You are the Dead Parrot Sketch. Very funny, a bit dark and definitely a classic. urlLink Which Monty Python's Flying Circus Sketch are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla These are both amazingly accurate. BTW, my favorite cast memeber is JOHN CLEESE !!! See, I told you!!! My #1 result for the SelectSmart.com selector, urlLink Which Monty Python Cast Member Are You? , is John Cleese Followed by Grahm Chapman, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Carol Cleveland, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin . Ok, one more, but this is it. urlLink You're Patsy the Loyal, Trusty Servant: you're a very quiet person, uttering only one statement here and there, but it's only because you're too busy thinking of more important things - like what the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow truly is. Take the urlLink Which Monty Python & The Holy Grail character are you? Test @ urlLink The Monty Python & The Holy Grail Unofficial Fan Site

 Dear Whoever Drew My Name, Here are some of the things I would like for Xmas in June. 1. A paperback copy of Catch-22, used would be fine. 2. Bettie Page stuff. 3. A salad shooter. 4. Gold ingots. 5. A train set. 6. Peace on Earth. 7. urlLink An official Red Ryder, carbine action, two-hundred shot range model air rifle. What about youse guys?

 The Real World ... Blogger Style. urlLink Solo in the HOV Lane Jonnie, go work your charm on them.

 urlLink he's resting. South Park tribute to Monty Python.



 And stuff like this happens.. Oh yeah, I run at 1600X1200 so if this is a little big, shutup. urlLink My Room (linked due to retarded file size) Also note that I have way more toys/crap now than I did then.. wow it looks sparse. I sweart to god I don't have OCD.. ADD is another matter entirely though... oooo.. shiny...

 urlLink Rantings of a Bitch by Bethany and urlLink Dear Goddamn Diary I told you this would catch on. I'm expecting a call about a proposed movie any day now. Who should play you, and didn't we do this before? Yeah, maybe, but we have a lot of new people in da ho' so why not do it again ... Who should play you in the proposed movie based on the hit blog The Real World ... Blogger Style.

 Birthday in may , xmas in june … can it get any better?! YES! America in july ! (and august… and september…) So I bought plane tickets today and now I’m officially scared to death! Anybody got tips against the fear of flying? Well, apart from drugs? And no, don’t tell me that I should relax because there are more people killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes. (dunno if that’s true, I doubt it but well, I just read it… and now I’m afraid of donkeys too). Well, since this is my first visit to the states ever, I did a little research on the internet and gathered some facts about america and its inhabitants. That’s what I found out: - About a third of all Americans flush the toilet while they're still sitting on it. - Most American car horns honk in the key of F. - There are more plastic flamingos in America than real ones. - One of every 11 boxes of cereal sold in the U.S. is Cheerios. - 36% of Americans say that God has spoken to them. That’s all I need to know, huh? Or anything else?

 uh huh. happy mom's day to me, indeed. :)

 Let's give it a try and see if it works. Hi, marci, zann, belle, dvl, mike, lisa, sandra, jonnie and mad!!! Screw it, Blogger comments suck

 Please bear with us this Sunday at 3PM PST for a couple hours of scheduled downtime while we work on launching all the additional features and a whole new look for Blogger.

 And I don't mean ex house members who have forgotten to take us off their lists, but people who really have no reason to they just do. I can think of two off hand. urlLink Mands and urlLink Nancy Are there any others out there?

 i'm really bored at work right now. i was just digging through my brain, trying to remember all the websites i like to visit, and i thought it'd be a good idea to learn what everyone's favorite sites are. what a glorious bonding experience it could be~! so post your number 1 link (sans porn) in the comments... or links 1-20, cuz i get REALLY bored, especially on saturday mornings when i'm the pretty much the only blogger around. OMG KILL ME!!!!1!1! *ahem* well, go for it. it's pretty much a well-known fact, but my favorite site is urlLink X-Entertainment .

 ...real life Pac-Man! urlLink Pac Manhattan and i thought it was just a movie fantasy.

 R A N D O M: This week I challenge you to capture the essence of “random”. Yep... Lucky 7 makes it a Wild Card assignment... you shoot and post whatever the hell you like, and tell us a story about it in the buzznet blog. As always, the only requirement is to have fun... including yourself in the pic is encouraged but not required. Post your photo to the Buzznet photoblog by Monday, May 10, 2004.

 You're a constipated bitch. That's the best kind of sucking there is. I recommend some ex-lax and a good ass kicking. Yep. urlLink How much do you suck? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 we'll start it off easy. name your five favorite cartoon characters.

 I think it captures her essence perfectly. Oh yeah, you can change your icon as much as you like. The real world ... blogger style is all about change.

 a quick poll to see if anyone would be interested if i suggested ideas for a favorite friday list. we have the thursday 3, picture monday, and the occasional scavenger hunt. just thought i would try to bring something other than alcohol and lame humor to the table.

 (aka. Thursday 3) 1. If you got an all-expense-paid week vacation anywhere in the world, where would you go? 2. When was the last time you were in a fight? What caused it? Who won? 3. Are you comfortable enough to urinate in front of another person? (As before, Andrew at NineMileDetour receives my profuse thanks for being the mastermind behind these questions -- and to him I pledge my undying gratitude & adoration, and promise to repay his thoughtfulness by refraining from being my phenomenally sarcastic self on the first Tuesday of each month from hereon after.... maybe.)

 announced her return to the rw...bs the Bea Arthur icon pic goes up until she sends another picture.

 urlLink urlLink Are you damned? urlLink Brought to you by Rum and Monkey Ok I am back completely... schools over, internet is up, I realized why boys are bad... well except mad ,..... where's the party?

 urlLink urlLink Are you damned? urlLink Brought to you by Rum and Monkey

 is 33 years old today. Share with us your favorite Tina Yothers moment. For me it would have to be the time she caught her father trying on Mallory's prom dress and singing Don't Cry For Me Argentina .

 for this pic.

 I found this when I did a Google image search for "old guys who like weird stuff"

 for rent one get one free from the video store. Any suggestions on what I should rent?

 (slacker says: 'this post is late because i couldn't get anyone to make it for me') :Þ

 yes, i am that tired today. 3 day birthday benders will have that effect on a person. urlLink tired.bmp *yawn*.

 This picture should answer any nagging questions you might have had about me. Yes, I have equilibrium problems. Yes, I was always this cute. Yes, I am the bastard child of Pa Ingalls and Nellie Oleson from Little House on the Prairie.

 apparently, no one. And apparently, i still didn't get the assignment right. how was i supposed to know it was supposed to be a self portrait? that's me.

 ...although it's already tuesday here. Picture was shot sept 2003. Damn, it's already late again over here... good night everybody and please no more screaming or running around in the house. I'm trying to get some sleep!

