 Ha! urlLink What a tangled web we weave. . . . Thanks to urlLink This Modern World .

 Wow, today is Friday. I am so glad this week is over. It has been short, but crazy and hectic enough to make up for it. When in my life did I have to start looking forward to the weekends to get me through the week? I heard a great story on NPR that really got me energized this morning. Apparently in DC they are doing an updated version of "Fidelio". I think it is one of my favorite operas because it is the first one I saw live, and because I just love Beethoven. This opera deals with issues that other operas of its time didn't try to. I will say that musically, it isn't all that great, but the subject matter is what it's all about. The story is urlLink here if you'd like to listen. It is amazing how relevant that opera can be to our situation today. Who knew? I guess liberty, freedom (intellectual and otherwise), and unfair imprisonment are issues that have never gone out of style. CD of the day: Shakira, Laundry Service . Listening to it in my car this morning I wondered, why did I like this CD?

 From urlLink This Modern World , bad urlLink news for innocent people everywhere.

 I forgot to mention my dream -- I dreamt last night, among other things, that Dolly Parton was putting on a continous show in town, and that I got to hang out with her. She was really nice and much shorter in person. So she was here for a while and her crew loved it here, but she got called to be either be a) a judge or b) on some variety show. I can't honestly remember, but I was very upset at her for leaving. I take this as a sign that I have listened to The Grass is Blue too many damn times. Ah well - when I watched General Hospital regularly (it's been a while now), the characters would always be in my dreams. I'm glad that doesn't happen anymore. Gosh, that show went to crap real fast. And it won a best writing emmy? What the hell?

 I go to Common Dreams and find this urlLink article about U.S. soldiers shooting at an Iraqi wedding party. Reading about the forced curfew, it hit me. Does this remind anyone else of a similar period of time when certain people were under enforced curfews? I mean, the attacking of the wedding party is straight out of Fiddler on the Roof !! Where is the UN? And when will our Democrats react like these urlLink Brits ? It frustrates me what we Americans are letting Bush and his cronies get away with. Lord knows if Clinton had tried this, the Republicans would have attacked him like *that*!

 I got the bookshelves from J, and she also gave me two end tables. I think my Walmart furniture is slowly being faded out. urlLink those fiesty Texans . I watched the new show Fame last night. I totally got into it. I can't believe Joey Fatone is co-hosting it! He's actually better than Ryan Seacrest, but then, that doesn't take much. All I have to say to that Mackenzie girl who sang "Don't Rain on My Parade" is - don't try to be Barbra, and pull your hair back. CD of the day: Elton John, Greatest Hits, 70s - 00s . Where is Kiki Dee nowadays anyway? =)

 I have discovered urlLink Friendster and if you were my friend, you'd go and sign up. But seriously, folks - it is a neat concept, even though it shows me only having one friend. Thank you, Alice! It's not my fault all my friends don't want to meet new people. Or they're seriously dating someone. Sheesh. Why does today feel like a Monday? Is it because we got Monday off? But if that is true, then why wasn't yesterday like this? People are calling in with crazy orders, wanting 3-year old transcripts yesterday. I hate to tell them no, but sheesh! and I think I really am getting J's bookshelves today. It doesn't look like rain, so this is very promising. CD of the day: Peter Gabriel, Up . Peter Gabriel = the best there is. And if you haven't seen "Rabbit Proof Fence" yet, go get it, b/c his soundtrack is AWESOME. I'm only a little biased. Really. urlLink I'm not really surprised.

 Blogger is telling me that I can't change my template. =( How annoying. It was really nice to have a long weekend. I got to talk to my friend S in Winona, MN, who I haven't talked to in a few months. He's doing well, so that's good. We talked for a few hours. I rarely talk that much on the phone. I talked to him, did some extra work and watched "Trading Spaces". I'm trying to get K to do the new TLC show "For Better or For Worse". That would be so cool. CD of the day: Tori Amos, Scarlet's Walk . What a great CD, no bad song on it.

 I am listening to this urlLink panel discussion right now. It is really humorous.

 I had a meeting last night that went from 6:30 until 8:45. Ack! Fortunately, snacks happened to be provided at this meeting, otherwise, I would have had to leave early. Seriously. B/c of the location, I have to go straight after work. But no more! The next meeting we will start to meet in a more central location, with no squaredancing in the background. I won't miss the calls in the background, let me tell you. Last night we were discussing the financial report and the squaredancers were dancing to "Elvira". It was so hard to concentrate while that songs was on. Anyway, I ramble. As I'm sure you know by now, reporter Chris Hedges was booed off the stage at the Rockford College commencement. I didn't realize that Rockford was where Jane Addams, founder of Hull House, graduated from college. In this urlLink interview on Alternet, he discusses what he witnessed at the commencement: "As I gave my talk and I looked out on the crowd, I was essentially witnessing things that I had witnessed in the Plaza de Mayo in Argentina or in squares in Belgrade or anywhere else. Crowds, especially crowds that become hunting packs are very frightening. People chanted the kind of cliches and aphorisms and jingoes that are handed to you by the state. "God Bless America" or people were chanting "send him to France" this kind of stuff and that kind of contagion leads ultimately to tyranny, it's very dangerous and it has to be stopped. "I've seen it in effect and take over countries. But of course, it breaks my heart when I see it in my country. That's essentially what I was looking at was in some ways a mirror of what I was trying to speak about. And I think I managed to touch upon it somewhat when I talked upon this notion of comradeship as a suppression of self awareness and self-possession to sort of follow along, locked in the embrace of a nation, or of a group, or of a national group unthinkingly, blindly. And there is a kind of undeniable euphoria in that. And that's what I was looking at."

 Yay, Ruben won. I caught the tail end of the show last night to find out. In Harper's this month, they publish the last e-mails that urlLink Rachel Corrie wrote her family. I'm reminded of this because Commondreams.org has an article by Naomi Klein called urlLink Why Two Women Went to War . It is a sad thing that our nation celebrates the faux rescue of one while ignoring the death of another. It probably has a lot to do with our current faux-President. Tape of the day: Nat King Cole, songs I recorded off of KUT many years ago. Yes, I should just buy a CD that will last longer, but the show really played a diverse range of his music. I'll probably keep listening to the tape til it dies. Which will probably be any month now.

 Okay, first blogger is running REALLY slow today. Second - I've got an ad for a Texas Republican on my page? What the hell?! I'd rather have the San Francisco wedding harpist. Ack!

 and how come nobody told us it was supposed to rain yesterday? L and I were wearing shorts and it was 55 degrees and wet in Fort Worth. Sheesh!

 Oh - and the Modigliani exhibit was really cool. I think my favorite pieces were "Alice" (a painting of a young brown girl with a cross around her neck), "Rose Caryatid with Blue Border" (he liked the idea of female figures holding great amounts of weight), a sketch he did of a young girl, and a painting by another Montparnasse artist entitled urlLink "Sun, Tower, Airplane" or something to that effect. The last piece is very vibrant and cubist. To see more examples of Modigliani's work and to read about his life and other artists of Montparnasse, check out urlLink Who is Modi?

 I feel a little more with it now. Last night I was so tired that when I spoke, I made little sense. When I get that tired, I mix up words and have to think really hard about what I'm talking about. News on V's wedding: she's looking for a new venue. The Baptist church said no "Ave Maria", so she's searching for a new place. I get a new (to me) bookcase from my friend J tonight. Exciting. CD of the day: Michelle Branch Spirit Room . It's my sister's, and I like it so far.

 Okay, I am exhausted from driving all day, but there you are. Two things: 1) I have joined a blog called urlLink List of Lists , and we shall see how that goes. 2) I just finished watching Gilmore Girls (I had recorded it). This episode just furthered my appreciation for the show. The Judging Amy team could definitely learn a lesson on season finales from the GG team. What a terrific show. I just love it and am never disappointed with an episode. Okay - time for sleep. See you tomorrow.

 The continuing killings (serial and otherwise) of female maquiladora workers in Juarez is appalling. Read about them urlLink here . This situation is not getting the attention it deserves. The El Paso newspaper did a story on them a while ago that I link to on my urlLink feminist page . Why haven't these murders been solved yet? It's ridiculous.

 Okay, I realize I post a lot of links here. And here's another one: urlLink If Bush Was Popular, We Wouldn't Need Polls to Convince Us . I couldn't have put it any better. The basic gist of the article is that it is easier for a lot of Americans to not have to think about what Bush is doing than to research all he has done wrong. See what you think. I noticed this morning that the ads displayed on my page are currently wedding-related. Very interesting, since this is certainly NOT a wedding-related blog. Perhaps if I list the word music enough times I'll get some music-related ad. Here's the test: music, music, music, music, music, music. Tomorrow is my drive to DFW. I'm glad to get a day off, but not too excited about being in the car all day. At least my friend B is coming along. I'll drive most of the day, and she'll take over after we drop my sister L off. And we are making a stop at the Kimbell to see a Modigliani exhibit. Whoo hoo, half price Tuesdays! I hope my plan works out and I don't feel rushed. I like to take time at museums. When I was in Minnesota, I spent a summer day at the Minneapolis Institute of Art. Two reasons why: 1) It is an awesome museum, and 2) it was air-conditioned (my apartment was not). I went through every room I was interested in and wrote in my journal about neat works and artists I wanted to remember. That was a great day. I especially loved their photography exhibit. *sigh* I wish my city had a decent art museum.

 A neat urlLink article about the trip to Ardmore and more. It's a sad day - Ari Fleischer is resigning. urlLink Boo hoo.

 I've come to the decision that the only way I can get excited about doing housework is to put Latin music on. For example, Putumayo's Afro-Latino is what I'm listening to now. I figured I might as well vacuum after I got back fromm the gym, since I'm already sweaty and gross. Tuesday I get to drive my sister to DFW airport. She is flying to Australia. I am slightly jealous. I want to go to Australia, but not with a large group of people, like she is. Anyway, she should have lots of fun. More tomorrow.

 An extremely disturbing urlLink article on the use of DU by American troops in Iraq. These awful tales I hear of current "post-war" Iraq disappoint me, because they prove that I was right in being against the war. I knew that if we invaded Iraq, innocent people would die. I have seen way too many pictures of Iraqi people, mostly children, wounded by cluster bombs to feel that our involvement was necessary. I hated Hussein, sure. But I am truly disgusted by the way America decided to ignore the UN. I just know this will bring serious repercussions for us in the future. *sigh* And I really hate how any anti-war protestor is labelled as being anti-troops. Okay, that's enough about that. Go to the Monitor and see what you think.

 Well, the Killer Ds are back in town. Yay! And if you were wondering why the hubbub between the two parties, here's an explanation for you from the town pundit John Kelso: urlLink You're likely a member of the GOP if. . . It's a bit oversimplified, but I do think he's got the main idea right. Hee Hee. Enjoy. CD of the day: my mix CD of Chicago's Greatest Hits and the Coors In Blue . You may think that seems a strange mix. . . but I think it flows rather well. I did something weird when burning the CD and got the tracks all mixed up. For the record - I own both of these CDs, and I'm not gonna sell my mix. Just in case you're wondering.

 If this urlLink article is correct in its prediction, I will never watch American Idol again. Now wouldn't that give me more free time?! Ruben deserves to win - he's the best, and everyone knows it. If Clay wins, it won't be for talent. I'm sorry, I took three and a half semesters of vocal lessons, and I can't stand the way he sings! Ack! Of course, I wanted Kimberley Locke to make it to the top two, but I wasn't surprised last night. Not at all.*sigh* Okay, now you all know I watch American Idol . I probably won't bring it up again, unless Clay wins. Expect an angry rant in that case. =)

 Why am I just hearing about the urlLink lawsuit against Oreos? I've known for a while that trans-fats are evil, but I'd never think to take it that far! Check the site out.

 I talked to K last night and apparently, V is having some issues planning the music for the wedding (yes, another friend is getting married. . .when it rains, it pours, you know). She wants K to sing "Ave Maria", which is not an unusual request for weddings. However, V is getting married in a Baptist church (she is Catholic) and her music has to be approved by the church! Isn't that ridiculous?!! The church planner asserts that "Ave Maria" is a "Catholic" song, and doesn't belong in a Baptist wedding. Never mind that "Ave Maria" has been sung at weddings in her family for generations. . . It's okay for people to sing really bad versions of "I Hope You Dance" or "From this Moment" at a wedding, but not a beautiful version of the "Ave Maria". Can someone explain that to me? But we won't delve into my issues with the Southern Baptist church. I don't think you have all day to read, and I know I don't have all day to type. More urlLink news on the Killer Ds. CD of the day: urlLink Nickel Creek 's eponymous album. Don't know what eponymous means? Go urlLink here for a clue.

 You know, I remember (was it 1996? or 1992?) when Al Franken and Arianna Huffington bantered on Comedy Central about the presidential candidates, and I thought she was nuts. However, I have been reading her more recent stuff off of urlLink Common Dreams and Alternet , and she is making so much more sense now. I just found urlLink this off her site that explains what made her change her political standpoint, see the light, etc. See? You can grow out of conservatism!

 I knew the Homeland Security Department was there for something, but urlLink this is ridiculous. Your tax dollars at work - finding Texas Democrats. Sheesh.

 Another neat urlLink take on the Killer Ds. Question: what are the responsibilities of the maid of honor if there is a matron of honor too? Who is really in the place of honor? Do you share it? Can one sit back and enjoy the ride? and what do you get an acquiantance for a baby shower? I think I'll go with a card. That's always a safe bet.

 Helen Thomas rocks; urlLink read what she has to say about Dubya and the way he's sent America down the wrong path where diplomacy is concerned. I watched Judging Amy 's season finale last night and was extremely disappointed. I have watched this show since the first season, and find it hard to believe it went so low. Is Gillian dead? Will Kyle stay sober? Will Amy work in criminal court? Will Amy *shudder* marry Stu? I understand that in the season finale you want to leave people hanging, but you also want to peak their interest. I think that season finale just tells me to find a new show on Tuesday nights at 9. After watching a neat episode of Gilmore Girls , Amy is just disappointing in comparison. Okay, that rant is over. CD of the day: Fleetwood Mac The Dance . I heard "Bleed to Love Her" on the Alias season finale and wanted to listen to it. . .

 I have never been so proud to be a Texas Democrat. urlLink Here's why . I have been getting e-mails from my county's Democratic party for a while now discussing the planned redistricting. Evil Tom DeLay! I wish there was a better way the Republicans would listen to some sense, but I guess the Killer Ds did what they had to do. Just for the record, I wrote a letter to Rep. Crabb at the start of all this. I felt at least I could look back and say I did something. Last night I got roped into helping my church-friend K. So I got to watch "Shrek" and five school-kids while their parents attended K's parenting class. Supposedly I get a meal for the Monday nights I've helped out. Hmm. CD of the day: I'm back to Steady Pull by Jonatha Brooke. It's a relatively new CD for me, so I have to listen to it enough to memorize as many lyrics as possible, at least on the songs I really like.

 So. . . urlLink women like this war ? This is news to me. The youth service yesterday went off without a hitch - yay. I saw A Mighty Wind yesterday and absolutely loved it. Man, it was funny. I almost died laughing at a few parts. I strongly recommend it to anyone with a sense of humor. Especially if you have any knowledge of the folk music movement of the 60s. Ha! Instant classic. CD of the day: Tom Petty Wildflowers . Listening to it reminds me of high school. I wrote the lyrics to "A Higher Place" in my journal, I liked that song so much. *sigh*

 Well, I got my hair done. What a pick-me-up. My stylist even straightened it for me. So it will look fabulous, at least until I take a shower and it dries wavy. The colors are a lot bolder than I've done before. . . I really like it. K told me today that she is engaged to W. And I will be maid-of-honor! Very exciting, since this will be the only wedding I'll be involved in in the near future. Since I'm not involved with anyone, I don't see one happening too soon. And that is okay. I don't need a man to feel complete! It still would be nice to have one though. . .=)

 The real urlLink story behind Private Lynch's removal. Ack!

 My dream last night - well, it was interrupted. My newspaper is now being thrown onto my balcony, since it was stolen from in front of my door last Friday and Saturday. So anyway - at 5:25 I hear this big thunk that wakes me from my pleasant dream. I think someone is trying to break into my apartment. I get up and check my locks, then remember about the paper delivery and assume all is well. Of course, I can't get back to sleep for a few minutes. I hate that. When I do get back to sleep, it is only a half-sleep. I am somewhat in control of my dreams. It is strange, because I imagine myself in a thinner body. Why? I am comfortable with my body-type! Overall, my dreams after that were stranger than normal, because I kept waking up, thinking my alarm was about to go off. I must say, when my alarm finally did go off, I uttered, "Finally!" and got out of bed pretty quick.

 My eyes are finally reacting to the smoke from Central America, I guess. They are so itchy, they are driving me nuts! If I had known that they were going to be this way, I would have just worn my glasses. Sheesh. CD of the day: Putumayo's Cuba . You can find out more about the Putumayo label here . I love their CDs, and a portion of their profits go to UN or other world non-profits. Gotta love our media and their ignorance of the real left-over effects of this war. Now why wouldn't we sign that anti-landmine agreement? Hmm . . .

 Now urlLink this is just ridiculous. "Democrats alleged that the 1,092-foot carrier was delayed to enhance Bush's trip, and called it a sign that he was using the military as a prop for political advantage. The Lincoln provided a spectacular platform for his May Day address declaring victory in Iraq, and the commander in chief's landing aboard in an S-3B Viking jet produced huge headlines labeling him "Top Gun.""

 urlLink Again Boondocks is wonderful. The A/C in the office isn't working. This is not the best day for it to be off. The stillness of the air doesn't help. I've got the fan behind my desk on, so that will aid a little bit. Last night I dreamed that I was in "Starship Troopers". I haven't even seen this movie, so I don't know why I dreamed about it. And of course, the scenario in my dream is different from anything that is in that movie, I'm willing to bet. I wish I dreamed that I was in "Strictly Ballroom", because I did watch that DVD last night. *sigh* CD of the day: Soundtrack, O Brother, Where Art Thou?

 Okay - here's another good urlLink find ( Warning : it is a .pdf file). A letter from Henry Waxman to Rumsfeld re: Halliburton's involvement with terrorist countries. "There is also evidence . . . that indicates that Halliburton has profited from numerous business dealings with state sponsors of terrorism, including two of the three members of . . . Bush's 'axis of evil'."

 urlLink Boondocks today is quite humorous. Hee hee!

 So I just got back from my attempt to see the doctor. I say attempt because although I got there in plenty of time (I filled out all the paperwork and got weighed in), my appointment was disrupted by a smoke attack. I was waiting in the exam room, with one tennis shoe half-off, reading a poster on the many different versions of the Pill available, when someone popped into the waiting room and told us that we had to evacuate the building because of a large amount of smoke. I put my shoe on and walked out the building with the doctor and her secretary, and we noticed the fire engine outside. We thought we could go inside any minute now, until a Special Operations truck pulled up 25 minutes later. The doctor asked if I just wanted to reschedule, and I finally agreed that would be best after waiting outside in the gross humidity for 40 minutes. I actually wished I had a cell phone while waiting outside, since I can't really read One Hundred Years of Solitude standing in a misty parking lot. I guess I'll have to make an appointment for later on this week.

 CD of the day: Erasure Other People's Songs . I'm not ashamed of my love of Erasure's music. Yes, perhaps pop-techno's days are over, but I'll still buy their CDs. This one has a great cover of "Solsbury Hill"(Peter Gabriel).

 A well-made urlLink statement by Senator Byrd: "President Bush's address to the American people announcing combat victory in Iraq deserved to be marked with solemnity, not extravagance; with gratitude to God, not self-congratulatory gestures. American blood has been shed on foreign soil in defense of the President's policies. This is not some made-for-TV backdrop for a campaign commercial. This is real life, and real lives have been lost. To me, it is an affront to the Americans killed or injured in Iraq for the President to exploit the trappings of war for the momentary spectacle of a speech. I do not begrudge his salute to America's warriors aboard the carrier Lincoln, for they have performed bravely and skillfully, as have their countrymen still in Iraq, but I do question the motives of a deskbound President who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech." Amen, Senator Byrd!

 Fifteen more minutes and I can go home! I have been wasting time at my desk here taking random web quizzes, such as "What kind of music are you?" and "What kind of thinker are you?" with mixed results. I've been checking out other blogs, and I think mine is about in the middle. I made an appointment to get my hair cut and highlit/lowlit this weekend. It is driving me nuts. I'm thinking of going with something completely different. Yet - there is a limit to what can be done, since I refuse to blowdry my hair. It is really strange. Two years ago at this time I was in Minnesota working on basement forms, and now I sit at a desk, pondering my hair. I'm not saying I've gotten shallow. . . just bored. The youth are leading the service on Sunday. I am excited, a)because they are going to do a great job, and b) because we won't have to plan the service anymore! I will celebrate by going to see A Mighty Wind this weekend. It is about freaking time it came to town!

 you are Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen. Classic, elegant, and you speak properly! urlLink What Famous literary Work Are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 Which X-man are you? Take this urlLink test and find out. Apparently, I'm either Professor X or the Invisible Woman.

 CD of the day: Dixie Chicks Fly . I will probably tire of them soon, but I just bought Fly and Wide Open Spaces on CD this weekend. The quality on CD is a lot better than the cassettes I had of them.

 I am apartment-searching right now. It is somewhat frustrating, since I can't move until my lease runs out in late July. I am just so tired of my neighbors playing pumped-up bass music at midnight, getting monthly notices of another break-in at my complex, the beeping horns of people who can't get in the gate, the traffic at the intersection, etc. I'd rather pay more for a quiet place that feels a bit safer. Enough is enough.

 CD of the day: Dixie Chicks Wide Open Spaces . Gotta support those Dixie Chicks. =)

 Well, I saw two great shows this weekend: Xmen 2 and the Alias season finale. Both were great, but Alias still has me thinking. I love television that blows your mind. Just when you think you know what to expect from a show, it throws you for a loop. I am amazed at the writing of that show. I mean, who thought of this? If any show is deserving of awards, it is this one, especially with that finale. Whoo-ee.

 I am addicted to urlLink "Manor House" on PBS. I am engrossed in the plight of these volunteers. There are only 6 hours of this show! Only! =)

 I think I am getting the hang of this blog thing. I was trying to explain to my mom what blogger was, and she wondered why anyone would want to put their journal where everyone could read it. I told her it could be used for a lot more than that, showing her urlLink Alternet 's blog of current events. I doubt I'll use this for anything as important as that, but it is a good example of a relevant blog. I also like Tom Tomorrow's blog on his urlLink page . CD of the day: Jonatha Brooke's Steady Pull . Don't know Jonatha Brooke? She's on my urlLink music page.

 A very interesting urlLink find from Common Dreams . Well, it is actually from Newsweek , but anyway. . . Apparently "(t)he White House is battling to keep a report on the terror attacks (of Sept. 11) secret". Why has it taken so long for the mainstream media to realize that Bush is hiding something? *sigh*

 Okay - I have spent a really long time trying to tweak this blog and it is annoying me!!!!

 so I am trying this blog thing, which is the fad now. Supposedly it is easier to update than my attempts with html on my page. We'll see!

 Katharine Hepburn, whom I can say without a doubt is my favorite actress of all time, died yesterday at the age of 96. For more info go to urlLink the New York Times special section on her life and films. What a feisty broad.

 At my parents house doing laundry. It's a Sunday, what's new? Last night I went to Kerbey Lane with M and we talked about Paris, Spain and all these other places I can't afford to go. Apparently he is going to try for Loyola Law School after his fall sojourn in France at Monet's gardens. Anyway, he told me that his cousin from Houston took her best friend to the airport on her way to Baghdad. Her friend will be working there for a year, making a six-figure salary. He looked at me and said, "She works for some Houston company, I can't remember what. . ." Jokingly, I said, "It's not Halliburton, is it?" He answered, "Yes! That's it!" and I burst out laughing. Although it isn't really very funny. Sidenote: Kerbey Lane Cafe has the best queso EVER. I'm not lyin'. No other anecdotes to relate. Although - Genesis' "So This is the World We Live In" just popped into my head. Does anyone else remember the video for that song? I remember it was one of the first ones I ever saw and it creeped me out. I'm thinking about posting one of my cloud-inspired poems, I just haven't gotten around to it. . . I'm off to start A Portrait of a Lady now.

 I just found the funniest site! With help from D, of course. Here it is: urlLink The Infinite Teen Slang Dictionary . You have to look up your name on it. It is so funny. But don't look up Elizabeth. =)

 Last night I had a meeting that went from 6:30 to 9pm. I'm glad I had an apple at work before I left, because otherwise, I would feel more guilty about just having ice cream for dinner. Hey! I've gotta have something. I feel strange about the meeting. We only had a third of the board there (a quorum, yet) and we ended up discussing and voting on some BIG issues. I'm wondering how the other members will feel when they find out. . . anyway, I took notes b/c the secretary isn't doing well health-wise right now. I know my notes are not up to par with hers. Ah well. I started reading The Dive from Clausen's Pier right before I went to bed and am really getting into it. The chapter I just finished ended with the narrator being asked to kiss her "boyfriend-in-a-coma" (well, okay, he's out of it and just had surgery, but I wanted to say it!). His kissing her back was so descriptive, I almost felt it. How strange. I'm also trying to read Portrait of a Lady , but haven't got too far. No plans for the weekend except to get a car wash. I am hoping I will hear from the apartment complex I visited last weekend soon. I'm on a waiting list and wish I had a more concrete idea of where I might be. I imagine I might hear something after this weekend. As soon as I do, of course, I have to give notice to my complex. I haven't quite figured out how I'm going to work it. Moving, you know. Last night I dreamt that my pal J was in this huge apartment and we were watching some random movie that doesn't exist. All of a sudden I remember she dated Ashton Kutcher two years ago (which in reality, of course, she did not). I tell her, "Isn't it strange that you dated him two years ago and now he's with Demi?" I guess this goes to show that the media inundation is working. Ack! I don't like either of them, since I believe neither can act very well. Politics - MoveOn is supposed to have results at noon Eastern time today. I'm really wondering if any candidate got over 50% of the vote. But who knows? As for Strom Thurmond passing, I have nothing nice to say, so I won't say a thing. I could though, I really could. And the anti-sodomy bill being voted unconstitutional - yay! But as for the justices who said this ruling promotes the homosexual agenda - I have one word to say. Bulls**t. And that's all about office-worker girl small. for now. CD of the Day: Guster, KIT - in my car now.

 I have been moved to the new Blogger. Whatever that means. I don't really have too much to write about. K is out of range this week, so I have nothing to dish about. J is deeply entrenched in barbri. I haven't heard from anyone else in a while. Although - apparently M just got back from Paris. I think he is going back again sometime this summer or this year. . . I can't remember. I wish I could go somewhere this summer. The biggest plan I have is V's wedding, which I haven't gotten an invite for yet. I've got to go somewhere soon. I want to go to Minnesota and see some of my pals from my Americorps days. They are all spread out up there now. R is near Canada and S in Winona. . . but L is still in the Twin Cities area. I miss them all. It has been too long since I've seen them. So who knows? The other night I was driving home while listening to FOW's "Halley's Waitress." I looked out my window at the clouds to the west and I just got this homesick feeling. I don't know why. I just felt this rush, as if the clouds reminded me of some good past experience. Anyway, I got to my apartment and wrote a couple of poems, so I guess it was good inspiration. =) CD of the day: still Guster, Keep it Together . It is great background music, but I should really take it out to my car (I'm still listening to FOW there).

 I went and voted on MoveOn today for who I want the PAC $$ to go to. I find it interesting that on the same ballot they say, "who would you ENTHUSIASTICALLY SUPPORT" in the race for Prez. I had to give it up for Dean, Kerry and Edwards. They are the only candidates I can see being enthusiastic about, and I can just barely get excited about Kerry and Edwards. Dean is my man, but who knows if he will get the nomination? I just know if Gephardt or Lieberman get the Democratic nom, I will support them, but I won't be very "enthusiastic" about it. How are they different? They are all the same when you get down to it. The same ol, same ol' Democratic party ain't gonna beat Bush. On Tom Paine they mentioned a ABCNews poll that shows that Bush's support numbers haven't gone down too much. I am amazed that they are taking this poll so seriously. I learned in school that polls mean diddly-squat where politics are concerned, but our society is obsessed with them anyway. This day is going by so slowly - the internet was down here all morning. This taught me that I rely way too much on the internet to keep myself occupied at work. CD of the day: Guster, Keep It Together . I love "Amsterdam". That song is an instant fave of mine. You can hear it on their urlLink site . I love the random mention of a Shaq CD. Hee hee!

 Oh Oh Oh - I forgot to mention I got my autographed new Guster CD in the mail today! Whoo hoo! I think June is the best month of my year so far, if only for the great album releases. . .

 I thought of urlLink this song upon receiving an email from a friend and have since had it in my head. I don't think these lyrics I found are completely accurate - I believe the correct lyric is: "Jesus said Mother I couldn't stay another day longer Flies right by and leaves a kiss upon her face. . ." Anyway, the main lyric in my head has been: "You cast aside the sheets, you cast aside the shroud of another man, who served the world proud You greet another son, you lose another one on some sunny day and always (you'll) stay Mary. . ." I added the "you'll". Patty Griffin is an awesome songwriter. When I was on the Campus Activities Board of my school, we tried to get her to come, but she cost way too much for us. Ah well. The puppy is resting on the floor by the door until the UPS guy comes. It's the cutest thing. Just because she hangs out in the front area where my desk is people who don't know any better assume she's mine. I don't have a puppy yet. I probably won't for a few years. Is it 5:30 yet?

 Two interesting finds today: First is the American Apology Shirt, made for any current travelersto foreign lands, which states, "I'm sorry my President's an idiot. I didn't vote for him" in six different languages. Buy one for yourself or a friend urlLink here . The second is not such a humorous find. Tom Paine led me to this urlLink article that is a basic summary of interviews with a few different American servicemen in Iraq. I haven't had time to finish reading it (lunch is almost up), but am gravely disturbed by what I have read. These men show no remorse for killing innocent civilians. They are fueled by a deep hate. Well, lunch is up. Perhaps I'll have more time later to discuss this scary find. CD of the day: the CD D made me. Mellow yellow.

 Ok, everyone must see Ann Telnaes' cartoon today - go urlLink here . I love her style. Notice the Saddam voodoo doll on W's desk. Ha! Just a nice little added touch. I found urlLink this story , thanks to Alternet. The Washington Post gives an extremely indepth look at what really happened to Jessica Lynch. A quote that standed out to me: "The doctors are reasonably sure," said Army spokesman Kiki Bryant, "that she does not know what happened to her." But the American government seems to know. Don't they? At my audition last night I was hit with the realization that my music-reading skills have much-declined. So I didn't get into the group I wanted to, but instead will be with the huge group that sings oratorios. Mozart's "Requiem", here I come!

 Maybe I should move to Canada. . . Wow, this is faith week for me, ain't it? I am a practicing Presbyterian and I just found out about urlLink this story from Tom Paine. The relationship between homosexuals and the Presbyterian Church has always been rocky. As a rule (and as mentioned in the article), gay and lesbian people cannot be ministers in the Church because it goes against the rule that states that a minister must be either married or practicing chastity (ha!). I have tended to be somewhat ambivalent on this issue; I just haven't known what to think. But I think removing a preacher for performing same-sex marriages is going to far. urlLink Canada is ahead of us on every front . Locally, Governor Goodhair (Rick Perry) has officially called for a urlLink special session on redistricting . What can be done now? Are the Republicans even listening to their constituents? Ack! Karl Rove, the great puppeteer, is to blame here. Other than that, my day is going reasonably well. . . I am auditioning tonight for a local choral ensemble. I hope it goes well! CD of the day: Tori Amos, Scarlet's Walk . L still has my FOW CD. . .

 A few months ago I went to the Dallas area to see my pal K. I went to church with my aunt, uncle and cousins that weekend. I had been to their church before, and while it is much different from my liberal-Presbyterianism, it hadn't been too bad when I visited last. This experience was different though. This time we were at "war", and had to pray for the "President". I felt sooo uncomfortable and I think I confused my cousins by my somewhat quiet sounds of dissent. And to top all of this off, Priscilla Owen was visiting! She spoke IN THE CHURCH before the service started, to the congregation, as I wriggled in my seat. At the end of her whiny speech (I'm not exagerrating - she sounded like she was about to cry the whole time she was speaking), the congregation gave her a standing ovation. My cousins didn't know her background or who she was, and they stood and applauded til they saw I didn't. I was the only person in the congregation who did not applaud for this woman. I was so offended that such an obvious political character was asked to speak in church! My aunt apologized afterwards, and I told her it was okay, it just felt so weird hearing somehting like that in church. I know my experience is not unique. I do attend church regularly, but we never talk of politics. We talk of mission and helping others, we don't discuss court appointees, you know? Priscilla Owen was standing in front of a somewhat-prosperous congregation, exclaiming her difficulties on getting appointed and ASKED FOR PRAYERS for herself and her family. I was reminded of this experience upon reading urlLink this on Eschaton. Please protest the appointments of these ultra-conservative, far from compassionate, judges. Glad I got that off my chest.

 When I was in Americorps and Bush was elected, we knew that he was going to get rid of it. Then 9/11 happened and he advocated community service. I was out of Americorps by then, but still glad that Bush wasn't as anti-community service as I assumed. Yet now I read urlLink this on TMW and realize that he really is going to kill Americorps. It will just be an extremely slow and somewhat subtle death. If he is re-elected, Americorps and all of its relations will be gutted. *sigh* I hate that we were right about this.

 This weekend went by so quickly. Last night I watched part of my new Say Anything... DVD with the commentary on. Then I went on to dream later that night that I met Loren Dean, John Cusack and Lili Taylor. It was so wierd. I guess I watched the DVD too close to my bedtime or something, because quotes from the movie were in my dream. Of course, I have watched the film enough times to memorize lines, so that may have something to with it. After that dream I dreamt that Tom Hanks and I were like timecops or something - partners travelling through time to stop fraud. In my "Say Anything. . ." dream, a woman was pulling out of a parking spot and totally scratched and dented the side of the car next to hers. I was in a building on an upper floor and she looked straight at me as she pulled away, leaving no note anything. In my dream I wanted to bang on the window at her, but I knew it wouldn't do any good. What is going on? How urlLink Iraq posed an unclear and dubious danger . Is anyone reading my blog at all? I have to wonder. I put these links up for people, but also for myself. Oh well - if you're reading my blog, I hope you're having a good day. CD of the day: Kim Richey, Rise . Plus FOW in my car still. =)

 Ha Ha! You've probably seen them already, but urlLink here they are . That's the leader of the "free" world, everybody, having problems with a Segway. Lord knows I didn't vote for him. But that's right -- the majority of us didn't. So now we know: he's a liar, a cheat, and a big klutz. *sigh* Is it 2004 yet?

 I LOVE MY NEW FOUNTAINS OF WAYNE CD!!!!! I especially love the "Stacy's Mom" song. I've listened to it way too many times and I still can't get enough of it. CNN.com has an article about them urlLink here . To send free faxes to your senators and representative asking them to find out where those pesky WMDs are, go to urlLink True Majority . Then read urlLink The Dog Ate my WMDs . CD of the day: What do you think? =)

 I think everyone should take this quiz: urlLink Homeland Security Self-Examination . I just got an email from the Dean Campaign asking me to join MoveOn.org so I can vote to support Dean. That seems a bit fishy to me. But I guess you gotta do what you gotta do.

 My day just got a whole lot better - my new urlLink Fountains of Wayne CD just came in the mail! I've only heard half of Welcome Interstate Managers and I love it already. I wish they would come to Austin ASAP! Please buy their CD - they represent the best America has to offer! Well, not really. But this CD is damn good. =) So buy it already!

 I wrote a poem and a (really) short story last night. I guess I was inspired. I also watched The Best Man which is cute. I liked it. Not good enough to buy, or even see twice, but not bad. MoveOn has informed us that they are planning on sponsoring a Democratic candidate pretty soon. If you are interested in reading more about it, go to urlLink MoveOn PAC page. Who knew I would endorse a PAC on my blog? I tend to think they are evil. I guess there are exceptions. I don't know if I will give them any money, since it isn't tax-deductible. I just found this urlLink commentary by Jesse Jackson . I like the "foreign policy is driven by neoconservative zealots" statement. Tell it like it is, Jesse. Josh at TPM discusses the WMD urlLink here . CD of the day: BBMak, Sooner or Later . Yeah, yeah. Brit boy band. So what? =)

 Yet more about those WMDs: urlLink Missing Weapons Of Mass Destruction: Is Lying About The Reason For War An Impeachable Offense? John Dean states, "The absence of any explanation for the gap between the statements and reality only increases the sense that the President's misstatements may actually have been intentional lies." Why is Bush getting away with this?

 Go urlLink here to read a poignant speech by Bill Moyers. CD of the day: Dolly Parton, The Grass is Blue . An excellent CD that reminds me of my time in Minnesota and my short time in North Carolina.

 I found a pic of the rally. If you look closely in the people sitting, you'll see a girl with a red shirt sitting next to a girl with a green shirt wearing glasses. That's us! Go urlLink here .

 I've been wondering about the families of those journalists killed by an American tank in Iraq, and here is the current news on them from Alternet: urlLink New Reports Implicate Soldiers in Death of Journalists . Why do Americans feel that we can't admit fault? Bush won't admit he's wrong about the WMD, insisting there was a "program" in existence. A program? He told us explicitly that there were weapons. And the American military claims there was a "spotter" in the hotel that they fired at. This is all lies and crap. Why aren't my Democrats getting more fired up about it?

 Last night L and I went to see Howard Dean. This rally was unbelievable -- not that I've been to a lot. The crowd was so energized. Once Dean actually got to the stage the crowd would have applauded him for saying two words and leaving. I swan. My sister didn't even know about Dean before Sunday night, but she got totally into it last night. It was a very neat experience, and made me more sure that he is the candidate for me. At the end, he was yelling at the crowd, "You have the power" and it brought to mind the "Simon Zealotes" song in "Jesus Christ Superstar". I was probably the only one to think of that. Anyway - there were tons of people at this rally. However, I watched KVUE-24 last night because I figured L and I might be on the news. Their story on the Dean rally was more like an ad for Bush. It started out by saying, "Most people don't know who Howard Dean is" with the reporter asking "people on the street" who Howard Dean is. The people on the street spot is such a campaign tool, I can't believe his boss let him get away with it. Anyway, the report showed about five seconds of Dean and 25 seconds of people saying he doesn't have the name recognition. They didn't show the huge amounts of people there, instead choosing to focus on about 4 single faces in the crowd. If I had been Joe Blow watching at home and seeing this "small" crowd for this "unknown" candidate, I wouldn't give Dean the time of day. So there you go - our "liberal" media at work. I'm so glad we have a local media that speaks for us (HAAA!). I never watch that channel since Belo took it over, and every time I flip on it for just a second it disgusts me. ACK! It frightens me that I prefer the Time-Warner run local station to the other "local" stations. Okay, that rant is over. I'm so glad it's Tuesday. CD of the day: Sting Fields of Gold . Sting's greatest hits. My fave is "Why Should I Cry for You?".

 Monday, Monday. urlLink Unfortunate Coincidence Dorothy Parker By the time you swear you're his, Shivering and sighing, And he vows his passion is Infinite, undying - Lady, make a note of this: One of you is lying. Um - no big news, really. I had a relaxing weekend, and my sister is back from Australia. Yay! I got new shoes and a pedicure (J's influence). I ignored the world affairs for the weekend, although I did vote on Saturday. When I went to vote after lunchtime, only 4 people had been to my precinct before me. Now, I do live in an area of town where people tend not to vote, but that is ridiculous. CD of the day: Putamayo's Cuba . "Cuba. . .ti es mi inspiracion. . ."

 I got this off of urlLink The Propaganda Remix Project website - it was done by Micah Wright. There is a lot of good stuff on that site. Very scary, but true. Go there and see what you think.

 Poem of the day: urlLink Dear Colette Erica Jong Dear Colette, I want to write to you about being a woman for that is what you write to me. I want to tell you how your face enduring after thirty, forty, fifty. . . hangs above my desk like my own muse. I want to tell you how your hands reach out from your books & seize my heart. I want to tell you how your hair electrifies my thoughts like my own halo. I want to tell you how your eyes penetrate my fear & make it melt. I want to tell you simply that I love you-- though you are "dead" & I am still "alive." Suicides & spinsters-- all our kind! Even decorous Jane Austen never marrying, & Sappho leaping, & Sylvia in the oven, & Anna Wickham, Tsvetaeva, Sara Teasdale, & pale Virginia floating like Ophelia, & Emily alone, alone, alone. . . . But you endure & marry, go on writing, lose a husband, gain a husband, go on writing, sing & tap dance & you go on writing, have a child & still you go on writing, love a woman, love a man & go on writing. You endure your writing & your life. Dear Colette, I only want to thank you: for your eyes ringed with bluest paint like bruises, for your hair gathering sparks like brush fire, for your hands which never willingly let go, for your years, your child, your lovers, all your books. . . . Dear Colette, you hold me to this life. Okay, I started reading Fear of Flying last night, and I think it impacted my dream. My dream was so strange that as soon as someone's rude honking at the gate woke me up early this morning, I went to work writing it down in my journal. Now I'm remembering more about my dream - like my old roommate scoffing me in front of a group of people. Which she never did in real life, it just feels that way. Last night I also did an interview for urlLink MoveOn with a woman in Maryland (D.C. area). I'm so glad I got to talk to her because we have so much in common, even though our backgrounds seem very different. I hope we keep in touch, because she really seems like a grand dame.=) I hope our interview results help MoveOn with whatever they are doing. Our answers to the questions were somewhat similar, so I wonder if other people had the same results we did. I guess we'll see. . . CD of the day: Aimee Mann, Bachelor No. 2 . Good stuff.

 Okay, since I found the urlLink vers libre page, I've been poring over the poetry on the site. They have "On His Blindness" by Milton to Amy Lowell to Theodore Roethke. Very cool. They are missing out on a lot of poets, I'm sure. I noticed no May Sarton, Grace Paley, or Robert Pinske. Yesterday when driving home from the gym I almost got hit by a monster truck. There is this spot on Mopac that splits for the 183 exit, and I always get over for that ASAP. I did that and this truck starts coming over into my lane, right next to me. I start honking and keep my hand on the horn as they keep moving over. I honestly think their height kept them from seeing me. I was driving on the shoulder even and finally I passed them. I didn't even start thinking about what had happened until I was on 183. Ack! Monster trucks = bad. I wonder if the driver was on a cell phone - that would explain a lot too. Or maybe he is just a bad driver, period. Whatever, it freaks me out when I think of it now. I don't know what I could have done differently, but I'm here now anyway. Tape of the day: My mix of Patty Griffin Red , They Might Be Giants Flood and Collin Raye's I Think About You . Selected songs off of all those albums. I found it after my mom gutted my room at the house. Memories of college. . . Here's a new favorite: urlLink I Knew a Woman Theodore Roethke I knew a woman, lovely in her bones, When small birds sighed, she would sigh back at them; Ah, when she moved, she moved more ways than one: The shapes a bright container can contain! Of her choice virtues only gods should speak, Or English poets who grew up on Greek (I'd have them sing in a chorus, cheek to cheek). How well her wishes went! She stroked my chin, She taught me Turn, and Counter-turn, and Stand; She taught me Touch, that undulant white skin; I nibbled meekly from her proferred hand; She was the sickle; I, poor I, the rake, Coming behind her for her pretty sake (But what prodigious mowing we did make). Love likes a gander, and adores a goose: Her full lips pursed, the errant notes to sieze; She played it quick, she played it light and loose; My eyes, they dazzled at her flowing knees; Her several parts could keep a pure repose, Or one hip quiver with a mobile nose (She moved in circles, and those circles moved). Let seed be grass, and grass turn into hay: I'm martyr to a motion not my own; What's freedom for? To know eternity. I swear she cast a shadow white as stone. But who would count eternity in days? These old bones live to learn her wanton ways: (I measure time by how a body sways).

 Sonnet Elizabeth Bishop I am in need of music that would flow Over my fretful, feeling fingertips, Over my bitter-tainted, trembling lips, With melody, deep, clear, and liquid-slow. Oh, for the healing swaying, old and low, Of some song sung to rest the tired dead, A song to fall like water on my head, And over quivering limbs, dream flushed to glow! There is a magic made by melody: A spell of rest, and quiet breath, and cool Heart, that sinks through fading colors deep To the subaqueous stillness of the sea, And floats forever in a moon-green pool, Held in the arms of rhythm and of sleep. One of my favorite poems, period. From urlLink vers libre .

 Thanks to urlLink A.Word.A.Day , this quote was sent to me today. It couldn't be more relevant to our current state of affairs: When governments fear the people there is liberty. When the people fear the government there is tyranny. -Thomas Jefferson, third US president, architect and author (1743-1826)

 urlLink 12 Steps to Regime Change for we Progressives who want to kick the ultra-conservatives out. Thanks to Alternet!

 This morning I woke up at 2:48 to blasts of thunder and bolts of brightness through my window. It was so bad that I was lying in bed thinking - why don't I have renter's insurance? I dreamed last night that someone called me and I answered the phone from bed. Then in the shower this morning, I wondered if someone really did call. I also dreamed that I was walking with L and someone congratulated her. Immediately I asked her, "Are you pregnant?" and she put her head down guiltily. What is up with that?!!! She is in Australia right now! CD of the day (and yesterday too): Fountains of Wayne Utopia Parkway . Their new CD, Welcome Interstate Managers is coming out next week and you should urlLink buy it. They so deserve to be rock gods. =)

 I just took this test: My Smiths anthem is... "Shoplifters of the World Unite" Romantic and/or idealistic, you are one of the few on the list who does not spend most of their time absorbed in their own problems. You dream big, even if your goals may be a bit vague at times. You don't hate people, though you may not understand them. You enjoy fighting for causes and don't tend to obsess over love, loss, or being alone. You've got better things to do. "Shoplifters of the World Unite" is from Louder than Bombs or Best...1 . urlLink Take the What Is Your Smiths Anthem? Test

 Yesterday's quote from my Wild Words from Wild Women calendar: "I would rather be crowned, like George W." -- Kate Clinton, political comedian, on being asked whether she contemplated running for office More on those pesky WMDs - this time from urlLink Helen Thomas .

 I found this on Alternet. I like the quote: "Why do so many eligible singles prefer to sit at home watching other people go out to dinner, walk hand-in-hand, and smooch in bubbling hot tubs than actually go out on dates? When did we start to consider dating a synonym for hell?" Check out the article: urlLink In Contempt of Courtship

 I had the strangest dream this morning. I won't go into too much detail except to say that one of the reporters from the "Daily Show" was in it (I don't know his name) and I called him Mark. What am I eating that leads me to have this whacked out dreams? So the FCC has approved urlLink media mergers and monopolies . What a wonderful world we live in. More power to Clear Channel. . .oh boy.

 Okay - this is too funny. Well not ha-ha funny, considering the circumstances. Oh - ironic. That would be the term I'm looking for. Thanks, Tom Tomorrow! urlLink Terrorist sympathizers

 This weekend went by so quickly. They all seem to nowadays. I feel like I didn't accomplish much, but I was pretty much doing stuff all weekend. I just found out about the disturbing amount of pollution Kodak is producing in New York. I'm quite sad about it, because I was taught that Kodak makes the best B&W film (TMax). So now I am in a quandry - should I keep buying Kodak film and contribute to the urlLink destruction of our environment ? Or do I boycott Kodak and find a comparable brand? I honestly don't know what to do. I guess it is a good thing in this case that I don't take that many photos. I'm so saddened by this information . . . urlLink Where are the WMDs? The hunt goes on. CD of the day: Mozart's urlLink Marriage of Figaro . I have the edition with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf as the Countessa. It's a really lovely production.

 Sunday we went to the new Target and I bought stuff that I don't really need. This is good to do every once in a while. I bought the new Liz Phair album (I've already memorized "Rock Me"), two chick-lit books, makeup, and a Milka bar. I love that the Target is so close! I signed the paperwork for my new apartment. I'm so glad to be moving - this weekend I discovered there is/was a mouse in my kitchen. It broke into my loaf of bread and graham crackers. Maintenance came in yesterday and I think scared him off. But now I have a sticky mouse trap on my kitchen floor. *sigh* Only a few more weeks. . . I will probably have to work late again this evening. And I think M is going to meet me for dinner. . . actually his idea. Well, going out to dinner was. I'm kinda surprised, because I am usually the one to ask to get together. Maybe he is leaving for France soon; I have my mind on August and have been preoccupied. Why I'm preoccupied with August: 1. this weekend - I pack and help J move some stuff to Houston. We will shop for a dress for me to wear for V's wedding. Then J officially moves to Houston on Monday. =( 2. Next Wednesday I drive up to Plano to pick K up from the airport. We bum around in the Dallas area til V's wedding on the 9th. K flies back Sunday the 10th. 3. The 16th - I move into my new apartment. Well, I start moving in. I haven't done any change of address forms yet. I should probably get on that ASAP. Understandably, I have a lot on my mind. But I'm not frazzled. Yet! I could talk about the current events, but I just can't even think about them right now. It frustrates me more. Although - I recommend you read what Josh says about Rick Perry's plans to round up the state senators hiding out in New Mexico: urlLink Now, that's classic . It is so tempting to move to New Mexico. It's a gorgeous state with great food, a great Democrat governor, and my best friend. Hmmm. It's so tempting. And here's a urlLink link to a great article (front-page) on Dean by the NY Times. Yay! Okay, that's enough for now. CD of the week: Liz Phair, urlLink Liz Phair . A few of the songs lean towards the poppy side, but I enjoy most of them. I don't know what to think about "H. W. C." Not a song I really want stuck in my head, that's for sure!

 I have been lax in posting here of late, I know. It has been crazy busy here at work, so I just haven't had time, much less news to post. New addiction: Queer Eye for a Straight Guy . One episode and I was hooked. Sadly I don't have Bravo, so I will have to depend on my parents VCR. NBC will show it tomorrow night after Will and Grace for all of you who haven't seen it yet. All of you who read my blog. . . I know there are so many. =) I'm still reading The Portrait of a Lady , and am getting into it. I don't know who I sympathize with in the story. All the characters are so strange. I guess Ralph Touchett's the easiest to sympathize with, and I like Henrietta Stackpole too. I would like Isabel Archer (the heroine) but I don't understand her at all yet. I watched the film, so I have a basic idea of the plot, but the book is a whole lot better. lunch time!

 Will we ever know the answers to these questions? urlLink Dean: 16 Questions for the President . back to work I go.

 I realize that I haven't posted an entry today. There is a reason . . . it's crazy in the office today and I haven't had time. There isn't really anything for me to chat about now anyway. CD of the day: Buddy Holly, urlLink Best of .

 Go see this before the Administration gets rid of it: urlLink "Sitting at his desk in the Oval Office, President Bush reviews the State of the Union address line-by-line and word-by-word." . So is he responsible for what he said? Hmm. It seems to me he could have corrected it when he had the chance. . .

 I found this awesome letter to an Iowan on Dean's Blog for America. I love the comparison of Dean's following to a Capra movie. I tend to find the ending of Capra movies so corny, but if we could just get a semblance of that in real life - in this current period of time - my outlook on US Politics might become more positive. urlLink Letter from a Georgian

 Two commentaries in the New York Times today: - urlLink Tom DeLay's Down-Home Muscle - urlLink Timely Help for AmeriCorps Both opinions I agree with. Yesterday, a new map (AGAIN) was announced in the Senate (see urlLink this ). When will this end? Are only the Democrats upset by this huge waste of our money? This local urlLink commentary brings up the point that a new map will lose the seniority our state currently has. As for me, my jaw started hurting this morning and I don't know why. I think I will go crazy before September. Or something. CD of the day: Putumayo's Cuba .

 Today is going more like a Monday than a Wednesday. Crazy! My sister pointed out this article to me: urlLink Politics of Service . Another great story about how Americorps needs to be saved. More later.

 Thanks to Alternet for linking to this disturbing article: urlLink The Texas Clemency Memos . Let's hope the Dems get their act together and block any attempt Bush makes to put Alberto Gonzales on the Supreme court. Thankfully O'Connor is staying on for another year. . . the optimistic part of me thinks that Bush won't be in office long enough to get someone on. The pessimistic part of me, though. . . Why is this man in office anyway? Ack!

 Blah blah blah. Last night I did go see Legally Blonde 2 which was not as bad as I was led to believe. I mean, if it's got Sally Field and Bob Newhart in it, it can't completely suck. It was cute and funny in some parts, but the writing and the music were SOOOOO cheesy. I mean, this orchestral music is playing while Elle is crying in the bathroom!!! The pop music was cute, but I'm afraid that the cheesy soundtrack doesn't work in the film's favor. It is definitely worth renting, especially if you like cute dogs. And lotsa pink. I worry that I may have to come in and work on Saturday (again). Mom is off this week and the woman that is doing her kind of work is EXTREMELY slow. It is just ridiculous. It drives me nuts. I am not working on Saturday, even though I could really use the overtime. I need my weekend. If you are interested, you should check out urlLink Lessig's blog . I had never heard of this guy before today, but apparently he is big on internet law. He is off for the week and Gov. Dean is writing a daily blog entry. I think this is awesome; never in a million years would George "darn good information" Bush do something even comparable. Making your thoughts and issues public takes guts, and I applaud Dean for trying to get down with the people. Also - Josh Marshall, the man who doesn't even know I exist (*sigh*), has written a neat urlLink entry about the Texas Republican senator who is going up against DeLay's redistricting plans. Reading his entry made me want to write Bill Ratliff a thank you letter. And I still might do just that. CD of the day: Elton John, urlLink Greatest Hits 1970-2002 , disk 2.

 Why I have never supported Dubya I've decided it is time to share my experience with the world. When I was in fifth grade, my class went to the campaign headquarters of Dukakis and Bush. We went to the Dukakis headquarters first, then were told we would have a surprise at the Bush headquarters. I wasn't too excited, because I was already a Democrat at that point. I took the Bush-Quayle sticker they gave me and tore it, making it "Quush-Bayle". It looked pretty cool (I must admit I stole the idea from another student in my class). We're lined up for the surprise when the teachers announce what our surprise is: Bush's son (guess who!) was going to meet us! Most of the kids were quite excited (I went to a Southern Baptist school), but I wasn't too eager. He came in the door and was shaking hands with the girls while complimenting them and patting the boys on the back. He gets to me and slaps me on the back, saying, "Hey, bud!" I solemnly replied, "I'm a girl, sir!" Much flustered, he apologized and walked to the next student in line. Gendering happens often in society, but given that I was in fifth grade and growing accordingly, it was pretty obvious I was a girl. I should also note there are MANY other reasons why I would never vote for Bush, but this event is always in the back of my mind. That's all! and isn't it enough?!

 urlLink Happy Bastille Day! I like Bastille Day because the public radio station here plays the French National Anthem, which is one of the longest I know of. But rather pretty. I don't understand a word of it, not being French, but I do enjoy hearing it. I saw my newest favorite episode of The Simpsons last night. The writing is so well-done on that show. In this episode, Bart is in a "non-Christian youth group" called the Pre-Teen Braves, and Milhouse is in the Cavalry Kids. There is a rivalry between the groups and there is an all-out brawl at the end of the episode. Seeing Marge crying, the Captain suggests that they join in song, and instead of singing an anthem to war, like America's song, that they sing a nice peaceful hymn, so he breaks out with "Oh, Canada!" They all join hands, singing and making the form of a maple leaf. It kills me every time. I think this was the best episode of this past season. I worked two hours and fifteen minutes on Saturday and I'm not staying late today. J and I are probably going to see Legally Blonde 2 and since she is moving to Houston soon, I'd like to be able to do more with her before she leaves. =( I finished I Capture the Castle last night, and am wary of seeing the upcoming film version of it now. Overall it was a funny book, but the ending was a bit of a downer. I'm wondering if they will change the ending for the movie. CD of the day: AfroCelt Sound System, Further in Time . I love the Peter Gabriel collaboration on "When You're Falling". Little bit of trivia: that song was on the list that Clear Channel sent its stations of recommended songs NOT to play after September 11. Isn't that ridiculous? I believe "Leaving on a Jet Plane" was on that list also. Thank heaven for media consolidation, because otherwise we'd actually hear some decent music.

 Whoo hoo! Yay! From the Statesman, urlLink Troopers' job doesn't include lawmaker roundup, judge says .

 Okay, my dream last night. I don't know what could have caused me to dream such a dream, but I dreamt that I was taken hostage by college-age girls. I can't remember where we were when they descended upon us, but there were about 10 of us and they killed 3 of the people. They said they thought I was a cop, so they didn't kill me (which makes sense?). They marched us around towns and I tried telling people we were in a hostage situation and no one believed me. Finally we get to this classroom/grocery store where the girls show us to their professor and he explains that they are studying different cultures and are into cannibalism right now. So we were homework for these girls! Anyway, I talked to the professor and encouraged him to study more normal eating habits, like vegetarianism or regular meat-eating. So they didn't eat us. And it was like nothing ever happened. . . there were no cops to catch these girls. Then I woke up. I don't get it.

 The Philadelphia Story was awesome, and quite crowded. I think a lot of the people had never seen the movie before. I say this because in the scene between Tracy and her father, people were groaning at his remarks (which are a bit sexist, I will admit). But what a neat experience to see the film in a theatre with other people! I saw that guy there, but he left before I got to him. Ah well. I'm thinking about going to see The Lost Weekend when it shows, so perhaps he'll be there, submerged in his French/English dictionary (which I noted he was reading again last night). I'm going to use a separate post for my dream last night. . . it was soooo strange.

 So, my friend K and I might be taking a "mini-break" (as the Brits call it) a few days before V's wedding. I'm trying to see if we can stay with my grandfather and Es, but they aren't back from South Carolina yet. This strange voice answered their phone and threw me off - it turns out my step-uncle (Es's son, not too much older than me) is housesitting for them. What is sad is that I can't remember his name. I have way too many relatives and step-relatives to remember all their names. I guess that happens when your grandfather marries three times. Anyway - I'll have to call them this weekend, I guess. L and I are trying to win Lyle Lovett tickets from KGSR. I don't think we are going to be successful, but we're gonna try. We both agree the only way we will go back to the Backyard is through free tickets. It just isn't worth $40 to pay and sit in an outside ampitheater in my humid town, surrounded by smokers, unable to see the stage because someone with a cowboy hat is sitting in front of you. The last concert I saw there was Lyle a few years ago and we left early because the concert and venue were so awful. Sorry, Lyle. I'm about to give up on this. I remember when I worked at the "unnamed" local radio station that plays music aimed towards 20-50 year-old males, I hated answering the calls into the station. The DJ I worked with (who is now programming director) would just leave me in charge of the playlist, the telephones, the equipment, everything, while he "worked" in his office. I remember having to take bathroom breaks whenever we played "Riders on the Storm" or "Stairway to Heaven". Ah, the life of a high-school intern. He would always try to get me to stay after my three hours until his shift was over, but I rarely did. My attempts to win these tickets remind me of that. I would push the buttons related to the phone lines and say, "number one", "number two", etc. I think these people really wanted to be on the radio themselves, but they never were when I was on the board. Sorry, guys. I'm still planning to see The Philadelphia Story tonight. I'm hoping there won't be too many people there, but am assuming there will be, since Kate died last week. =( It will be great to see it on the big screen! I heard on NPR this morning that Congress has struck down the investigation into the use of the Department of Homeland Security facilities to search for those Killer Ds. I am mighty disappointed about this. I can't find any story about this online. Perhaps the DJ made it up. I can hope, can't I? CD of the day: Chicago , soundtrack to the motion picture. Love it!

 Seeing A Night at the Opera on the big screen was terrific. Even though my dad did some loud talking in the film (no surprise), the guy sitting behind me was scream-laughing in my ear, and my sister kept shushing me when I laughed, it was neat. I sat a seat away from this lone guy who had brought a French-English dictionary and word puzzles with him to the movie. He was quiet before the film and mostly during the film, but had the funniest laugh. He was kinda cute, but I couldn't figure out his age. I'm wondering if he'll be at The Philadelphia Story tomorrow night. I can't believe I used to stay up so late in college. Last night it wasn't 10pm before I was ready to leave. We stayed through the first 35 minutes of A Day at the Races and then left. I didn't even want to stay that long, but I do love the phone call scene between Dr. Hackenbush and Mr. Whitmore. Oh my god, it's funny. Hee hee. On a different note altogether - I discovered an interesting site through truthout.org. The Washington Post has a site up called Eyes on the War that has slide shows from different photographers of the war in Iraq. The only one I've looked at so far is Patrick Baz, who has pictures from the Hotel Palestine. The stinky thing about this site is that the advertisement section covers part of the flash screen. Perhaps it is just my Internet Explorer. urlLink Check it out here . CD of the day: Guster, Keep it Together .

 Just remembered - I'm going with L and my dad to see A Night at the Opera tonight. So I guess I'll work out tomorrow night! I love the Marx Brothers. I've seen this film so many times I could probably recite it, but I'll refrain from doing it here.

 The House approved the urlLink GOP map and it now moves to the Senate. I guess it isn't as evil as it was, but it is still quite divisive as far as minority communities are concerned. Last night I talked to K and watched Eight Men Out . Quite a good film. I feel so bad for poor Buck Weaver. Which I'm sure was the point. I didn't care much for D.B. Sweeney as Shoeless Joe. Perhaps it's because I've seen Field of Dreams so many times. . . I can't wait to see Sayles new film when it comes out. I love his stuff. He is definitely one of my favorite directors. I told K she needs to update her blog, but I realize she has other priorities right now, like finding a job. Tonight I work out and clean my apartment. Exciting stuff, that. CD of the day: Sheryl Crow, C'mon, C'mon .

 Yes! There is hope in the world! All is not so bleak! I just got this e-mail from Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting : FAIR-L Fairness & Accuracy In Reporting Media analysis, critiques and activism ACTIVISM UPDATE: Savage Fired by MSNBC July 7, 2003 Michael Savage's MSNBC show, The Savage Nation, was cancelled today because of homophobic remarks made by the host on the July 5 edition of the show, according to an Associated Press (AP) report. Those comments--labeling a caller "a sodomite" and telling him to "get AIDS and die"-- were the subject of a FAIR action alert earlier today. MSNBC spokesperson Jeremy Gaines told AP, "His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one." Over the past five months, FAIR activists have written more than 2,000 individual letters to MSNBC expressing their concerns about Savage's record of bigotry and hate, and criticizing the network for hiring a host who routinely traffics in slurs while firing host Phil Donahue over his anti-war views. Savage can still be heard on some 300 radio stations across the country. Thank you, Jesus!

 From Tom Paine's blog, I read this nifty urlLink entry making my fears about the economy more vivid: "If the employment news seems unusually bad these days, thats because it is. A report from the minority staff of the House Appropriations Committee reveals that no president since (ready for this?) Hoover has had a worse job-creation record. More specifically, no U.S. leader since the Depression has actually lost jobs during his four-year tenure until now." Thanks, Bush! I'm just gonna say this every time I hear about the stinking economy. My friend JJ is selling her house for a fraction of what she originally paid. The only consolation is that she knows who is buying it and they raise foster kids. Knowing this makes up for the loss she is taking. I'm amazed at the outlook she can take in this. All I can think is, "Thanks, Bush!" I refrain from calling him the "P" word whenever I can. Anyway. . . Americorps is dying. Please contact your legislators and ask them to add more money to the Americorps budget. I'm so afraid that Bush will slowly kill Americorps and by the time the citizens realize it, it will be too late. Such a fatalistic entry.

 Oh - I forgot to comment on what I read in "Parade" yesterday. Someone wrote into the "Personality Parade" section asking if Dean was a serious candidate. I believe the answer to that question was that he was too "liberal" to be a serious candidate. If you were seriously wondering about a candidate, why would you write to someone who writes about celebrities? and who is doing better, Ivana Trump or Marla Maples? Sheesh, people. Along with this, the idea that Dean is a liberal candidate is ridiculous. I mean, he is, otherwise I wouldn't be pulling for him, but he is a lot more conservative than Kucinich (who I view as a somewhat viable candidate). Why else would the NRA like him? and his views on the death penalty are not quite liberal, either. Thanks for letting me vent.

 New quiz: urlLink What Finding Nemo Character are You? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 After a three-day weekend, I am back. This weekend was a bit strange because we didn't really do anything specifically Independence Day-related. Just watched movies, read books, and went shopping! It was definitely a nice break. Random notes from my weekend: 1. While watching I love 1987 on VH1, I was excited to see my oft-quoted anti-drug PSA shown as the Public Service Announcement of 1987. Let me set the stage for you - teenage boy on bed listening to headphones. Dad comes in with a cigarbox full of some drug, let's assume pot. He confronts boy, "Where did you get this? Who gave this to you?" and such questions. Boy stonewalls him until it becomes too much and finally yells out, "YOU, alright? I learned it by watching you!!" The ad concludes with some comment like parents who have drugs shouldn't expect any more from their own kids. I started quoting the "I learned it by watching you" phrase in high school, inspired by this ad, and screamed "Oh my God!" as soon I saw the first shot of the ad. After all these years. . .it's still a damn cheesy ad. =) 2. Had some strange dreams. Saturday night I dreamed that I had to spend the night at church on a pullout couch. I woke up in my dream and couldn't figure out where I was. Then I woke up in real life and was utterly confused. AIM also figured prominently in my dream. I remember at one time, D was sitting across a desk from me and as we chatted I stroked his hand. Then he went back to AIM world and my dream went on. The thing is, it wasn't really him, but it was him. And Friday night I dreamed that Jennifer Garner and I were friends and she was marrying this random Indian guy. Her wedding dress was white and consisted of white tiers with fruit and pudding cups on them. Huh? There's more that I have forgotten now. And last night I dream that I am back at AC, going to classes. Except I skip two of my morning classes and just go to choir. I get to choir and after sitting for a while, comment loudly that I don't understand why I'm there, since I graduated in 2000. Then I run out. As I'm doing this, I realize that I'm not wearing pants, but am okay with that. What? And why was Neil from my high school at my college? Huh? 3. Antwone Fisher is an awesome movie and I strongly recommend it. At one point in the film I felt a strong desire to join the navy. It's that good. =) Ha! If I find any news to comment on, I will. . . CD of the day: Dolly Parton, The Grass is Blue . I listened to "I Still Miss Someone" on repeat.

 urlLink Where do you fall on the liberal - conservative political spectrum? (United States) brought to you by urlLink Quizilla Look! I do have a post today! Okay, I know this doesn't count. I'll have more later.

 This morning I woke up at 6:15 and couldn't get back to sleep. So I went ahead and took my shower. I listen to NPR in the shower and the local person said it was 8:20. I thought she had read the time wrong so I thought nothing of it. As soon as I finished my shower, however, I ran out to my microwave clock which read 8:35. So I don't know what happened, but my alarm clock got an hour and 45 minutes off. Did the power go off? In my sleep did I turn my clock back? I have no idea. I was so confused, I thought perhaps I had slept for days! Perhaps it was already Friday! But no, it is Wednesday and I was late for work. At least I slept well. I didn't go to the hearing last night because I knew I would be well-represented. The urlLink Statesman covers it today. There is a map with the article that shows the current and proposed redistricting. I had to print it out; it is not as far out as the last proposed maps were. But I still fear that minority votes will not be recognized. At least Travis County isn't divided as ridiculously as it had been, but still . . . This is just a ridiculous waste of our money - this special session on redistricting. Our schools are dying and the taxpayers money is funding this stupid special session. Argh. CD of the day: FOW, Welcome Interstate Managers on random play in my car. Since I was in a hurry this morning I didn't really get to appreciate much of it.

 Written 6/24/03: The clouds made me homesick tonight. Something about the formation, tone or color made me reminiscent for a past time and place and person. Sadness collected in my head as I drove and sang along to "Halley's Waitress". I looked out at those clouds driving to my apartment and remembered being a better another person looking at those dark blue clouds, contemplating my solitude.

 Last night L and I were watching The Music Man and I told her about that show that Al Franken was on a few years ago which was based in a newsroom, "Lateline". On one of the shows they were covering the demise of Buddy Hackett, except he hadn't really died. It was so funny - they showed him in a hospital bed calling the reporters schmucks and so on. Then I find out this morning he really did die yesterday! How ironic is that? How sad that Buddy Hackett is gone, though. He was so funny. I didn't sleep well last night at all. I did finish Ann Patchett's The Magician's Apprentice . I think she is my new favorite author. Or shall I say, has joined the ranks of my favorite authors. I have more than a few. I wanna go back to bed . . . CD of the day: Aimee Mann, Bachelor No. 2

 urlLink Do I dare to eat a peach?

 There's a neat article on Sofia Coppola in the New York Times Magazine: urlLink The Coppola Smart Mob . You can also check out a trailer for her new movie urlLink Lost in Translation which looks awesome. I can't wait to see it. Have a good weekend!

 I got my new cell phone yesterday. The company had given me a Georgetown number instead of an Austin number, but they were quick to fix it for me. So I have now had four phone numbers in one month. I'm sure the people on my e-mail contact list are tired of getting my e-mails with my contact information. Oh well! The phone itself is so tiny and clear. It is amazing the clarity difference between my mom's old 1995 cell phone and this one. It has so much crap on it. I can actually compose my own ring tone. That's just insane. I'm looking forward to this weekend. My plans: - finish watching The Insider . It's not that bad, actually, even though I don't usually care much for Russell Crowe. He has been way over-hyped. This movie came out before the hype really started though. - unpack some more and trash the empty boxes sitting next to my kitchen. - read. - go to a dinner on Saturday night for the mission committee. - have the youth group over. No big plans! My kind of weekend. CD of the day: Kim Richey, Bitter Sweet .

 I don't think ANY of my principals were ever this cool: urlLink A message from the principal . I think that is the funniest thing I have seen all week. I almost cried, reading it. Plus, the principal went to my alma mater, so that's an added bonus! Here's a sample: "State law has now made the Pledge of Allegiance and the Pledge to the Flag of Texas mandatory on a daily basis. In every school where I've been principal, I've expected the Pledge of Allegiance to be a daily activity along with a clear understanding of what the words meant. I must admit that, until recently, I didn't even know that there existed a Texas pledge and I attended Austin College in Sherman, Texas. For those of you who are unfamiliar with the Texas pledge, here it is. "Honor the Texas flag; I pledge allegiance to thee, Texas, one and indivisible." I now wonder if all states have a pledge? What about cities? Being a native New Yorker I do know the Brooklyn pledge: "Oh Brooklyn, my Brooklyn, no never will I roam Cause where else on the same block Can you eat a knish and a calzone?" Of course, just to make things interesting, parents can request that their children say only one pledge, or no pledges. This request must be submitted in writing. We are asking that you help us with the needed paperwork. If your child can say both pledges, please attach the word "pledges" to his shirt. If he can only say the U.S. Pledge of Allegiance, please attach the word "pledge." If he can only say the Texas pledge, please attach the word "y'all." If you wish that no pledges be said, attach nothing. If your child is a two-pledge student and you forgot to attach the word "pledges" please call the school between 7:43 and 7:45 so that we may attach the appropriate word to your child's clothes. If you wish that both pledges be said but only on the even days of the month, attach the phrase "two, four, six, eight." I realize that these instructions may have to be sent home more than once until we get the process firmly in place. " I promise you, there is more to enjoy. Please go read it.

 Right after work I am going to my old apartment to turn my keys in. I hope to get some of my deposit back. M invited me out to lunch tomorrow - his Spanish literacy student invited him and a guest to lunch at his family's restaurant. I wish I could go (I hate to turn down a free lunch) but I have to stay in the office tomorrow, even during my lunch break. Man. Is it Friday yet? This week is going by so slowly. I keep checking the UPS progress on my phone, and the plan is for me to get it tomorrow. My dad asked why I bought it online. I told him that it was because I got to compare plans better. But now I wish I just had the phone already. CD of the day: Dave Carter and Tracy Grammer, Drum Hat Buddha . My boss let me borrow it. It's not bad. I really like "236-6132" and "Gentle Arms of Eden".

 I got an email this morning from Amnesty USA regarding Guatemala's EMP campaign. I urge everyone to view the urlLink flash movie and take whatever action you deem necessary. And then go rent urlLink Romero . I realize it deals with human rights abuses in El Salvador and not Guatemala, but it is a damn good movie. urlLink Liberation theology ! That's what I'm talking about. I'm all about that. Another great film to check out is John Sayles' urlLink Men with guns (Hombres armadas) . Yet another film that deals with human rights issues in a Latin-American country. Both of these films are very well-done, and while ultimately works of fiction, they both deal with very REAL contemporary issues. I hope you watch them and do something about it.

 Dracula 's off. I'm a little disappointed, but glad that I won't have three rehearsals a week. I mean, I need some down-time! and now I can go to the gym on a weeknight. Like the old times! before I started moving and all.

 I'm in the version of Dracula that my church's performing arts group is hoping to put on. I play Mrs. Fern, the housekeeper, who has the third most lines. Why does she talk so much? Who knows. I made her Ms. Fern and we're going to keep her young. I get to say lines like, "Well, I never!" and "Get Grimm". What draws me to the housekeeper roles? When my World Lit class in high school read Hedda Gabler , I wanted to be urlLink Berte . I didn't understand the character of Hedda - that's probably why I wanted to play Berte. I miss that class. I got to spend 6 weeks studying absurd drama all by myself in that class. *sigh* Anyway, we may not get to put on the play because we are in need of one more guy to play Arthur, Lucy's fiance. I think I'm going to ask M if he wants to be in it. It would be a nice break from his family and studying for the LSAT! Next Friday urlLink Michelle Schumann will play the Sonatas and Interludes at the second annual John Cage birthday celebration. I am so excited! I spent half a semester researching and analyzing what I could of the work (and the prepared piano), but I've never heard it live. For more info on Cage, check out urlLink Cage on the Art and Culture Network or urlLink my page on Cage . *sidenote* My music theory prof told us that when John Cage died, they performed a work entitled "In Memory of John Cage" where they all stood up on stage with instruments for a certain amount of time (longer than 4'33", tho!). hee hee! Thursday I get my cell phone. Yay! I gave up and told my phone company to cancel my order for installation. Who knows when or if it would have ended up being installed anyway? Now I have to see if I can live without the internet at my apartment. . . I'm going to a memorial service today for a man who volunteered in the dental clinic. I feel like I should go, even though I never met the man, since I am on the board. Plus the church isn't far from work. I feel so awful for his family - he was killed in an auto accident on the way to Abilene? I think. I know he worked a lot with MDC and will be missed awfully. There are only a couple of dentists who volunteer their time in the clinic. The rest get some sort of stipend (although hardly much). CD of the day: Soundtrack, Moulin Rouge . I should probably give this CD away. I only really like about three songs on it.

 I'm testing my "Blog This!" function: Fox News doesn't own "fair and balanced". urlLink This Modern World by Tom Tomorrow: August 17, 2003 - August 23, 2003 Archives

 I'm driving K to V's wedding and I'm wearing a really strange dress. It is empire-waisted, but very short, pale blue with weird side-slits and long sleeves. I've never seen a dress like it in my life, but I'm wearing it to V's wedding and feeling self-conscious. In all, V gets married twice in my dream. There is lots of food set out and I eat some of everything. The first wedding is a regular wedding, but the second is some kind of communion wedding. Is there communion at a Catholic wedding? I have no idea. All I know is, I woke up very glad that I wore what I did to V's real wedding. I'm sorry my blog has become such a dream journal lately. But I have to write this down somewhere! =)

 urlLink Let's face the music and dance . That might not be the best comment to use as a title for the link, but it's all I could think of. Josh of TPM has compiled quotes and reasons why we need to admit our fault in Iraq and get the UN involved. And I forgot to note that if anyone is going to be in the Crawford area tomorrow, there will be a rally at the high school field for "Support our troops, bring them home". Y'all come out now, y'hear? I wish I could go, but I've got to clean my old apartment and get out of there. And go get TexMex in San Marcos. Yum.

 So I have no phone. Well, besides my mom's cell phone I am borrowing for emergency use. My cell phone has been shipped, but since it's coming from Maryland, I probably won't get it until Wednesday at the earliest. Sage is telling me that I should have phone by Tuesday and that they have requested expedited service. It is so strange not to be able to call my friends in New Mexico, Minnesota, or wherever else my friends are. I haven't figured out what I'm going to do. Weird side story - I think L's high school Latin teacher is working down the hall from me. I already work with my 10th grade social studies teacher's sister-in-law. Now another teacher down the hall? What's up? Well, I'll be out-of-pocket blogwise this weekend, but I should be able to check my email. That's something anyway. CD of the day: Erasure, Pop . Good stuff. If my math is correct, MoveOn has raised $770,000 so far for the Texas campaign. Awesome. Of course, math isn't my strong suit, so that number may be wrong. Go urlLink here and make sure.

 The quote from my "Wild Words from Wild Women" page-a-day calendar today is pretty darn good: "The history of all times, and of today especially, teaches that. . .women will be forgotten if they forget to think about themselves." - Louis Otto, 19th-Century German feminist Amen, sister!

 I got an e-mail from MoveOn saying how much they raised in one day for the "Defend Democracy" campaign. It is energizing to know that so many people are behind the campaign: "In one day MoveOn members have contributed more than $400,000 for our "Defend Democracy" campaign. " That is so awesome and inspiring. Of course, I can't afford to donate money to anything right now, but thanks to all who did.

 Har har har. You must check out Mark Fiore's newest toon: urlLink Action Pack So true, and so funny.

 It is August 2003 and I have bought my first cell phone. I am tired of waiting for Sage to get their act together and install my phone line. Now that I've done this, I definitely can't afford to keep my cable. Ah well. I'll go back to my $10/month basic basic cable; I watched less TV on it anyway. *sigh*

 MoveOn is running a campaign to put ads on in Texas at urlLink this site . Here is the letter from Sen. Rodney Ellis that I was sent in an e-mail plea from MoveOn: August 18, 2003 Dear friends, I am writing to you from a hotel room in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where I and 10 of my colleagues in the Texas Senate have been forced to reside for the past 20 days. If we return to our homes, families, friends, and constituents, the Governor of Texas will have us arrested. I know, it sounds more like a banana republic than the dignified democracy on which we have long prided ourselves. We are effectively exiled from the state due to our unalterable opposition to a Republican effort -- pushed by Tom Delay and Karl Rove, and led by Texas Governor Rick Perry -- that would rewrite the map of Texas Congressional districts in order to elect at least 5 more Republicans to Congress. You may not have heard much about the current breakdown in Texas politics. The Republican power play in California has obscured the Republican power play in Texas that has forced my colleagues and me to leave the state. Recognizing that public pressure is the only thing that can break the current stalemate, our friends at MoveOn have offered to support our efforts by sharing this email with you. In it, you will find: Background information on how the situation in Texas developed; Analysis of what's at stake for Democrats and the democratic process; and How you can help by contacting Texas politicians, signing our petition, contributing funds, and forwarding this email! The Republican redistricting effort shatters the tradition of performing redistricting only once a decade immediately after the Census -- making redistricting a perpetual partisan process. It elevates partisan politics above minority voting rights, in contravention of the federal Voting Rights Act. It intends to decimate the Democratic party in Texas, and lock in a Republican majority in the U.S. House of Representatives. And Republican efforts to force a vote on this issue by changing the rules of legislative procedure threaten to undermine the rule of law in Texas. We do not take lightly our decision to leave the state. It was the only means left to us under the rules of procedure in Texas to block this injustice. We are fighting for our principles and beliefs, and we can win this fight with your support. Sincerely, Rodney Ellis Texas State Senator (Houston)

 Found this site through urlLink Sojourners , but haven't had time to peruse it thoroughly yet: urlLink The Right Christians . Progressive Christians? I can dig it.

 This is so awesome, I had to post the whole thing. From urlLink the New York Times : Paul Newman Is Still HUD By PAUL NEWMAN The Fox News Network is suing Al Franken, the political satirist, for using the phrase "fair and balanced" in the title of his new book. In claiming trademark violation, Fox sets a noble example for standing firm against whatever. Unreliable sources report that the Fox suit has inspired Paul Newman, the actor, to file a similar suit in federal court against the Department of Housing and Urban Development, commonly called HUD. Mr. Newman claims piracy of personality and copycat infringement. In the 1963 film "HUD," for which Mr. Newman was nominated for an Academy Award, the ad campaign was based on the slogan, "Paul Newman is HUD." Mr. Newman claims that the Department of Housing and Urban Development, called HUD, is a fair and balanced institution and that some of its decency and respectability has unfairly rubbed off on his movie character, diluting the rotten, self-important, free-trade, corrupt conservative image that Mr. Newman worked so hard to project in the film. His suit claims that this "innocence by association" has hurt his feelings plus residuals. A coalition of the willing i.e., the Bratwurst Asphalt Company and the Ypsilanti Hot Dog and Bean Shop has been pushed forward and is prepared to label its products "fair and balanced," knowing that Fox News will sue and that its newscasters will be so tied up with subpoenas they will only be able to broadcast from the courtroom, where they will be seen tearing their hair and whining, looking anything but fair and balanced, which would certainly be jolly good sport all around. Paul Newman, an actor, is chief executive of Salad King.

 From my online Page-a-day calendar: On Nights, Very Bright: ----------------------------------------------------------------- Its a sunny night in Atlanta tonight. Great for baseball. -- ESPN announcer during Atlanta Braves vs. Chicago Cubs game, 2000 season

 This morning I woke up completely disoriented. During my sleep I had kicked off the comforter at the end of my bed and slid over to the other side of my bed. My head was on a sham pillow. I don't know how or when I did that. In my dream I had to deliver a sermon, with K helping me, and basically run a worship service myself. Matt M. was in my dream, which is strange in and of itself, since I haven't seen nor heard from him since a few days at summer camp (before that we had gone to church together in elementary school). In my dream he was married and had four small kids, but I was in love with him and wanted him to stay and hear my sermon. Yeah, it made sense in my dream! In real life I googled him and he is at Stanford Medical School, probably single. There was a pic of him online, and he doesn't look how he did in my dream (so surprising! she notes sarcastically). I guess that's what I get for mixing Rotel with my shells and cheese. Weird dreams. Okay, I realize I can't blame it on dinner - I've been having them so often lately anyway. On the Early Show this morning Harry talked to the Alabama Chief Justice who is determined to keep the Commandments at the capitol. I just wanted to flip him off. And I did. Those self-righteous evangelicals make me SOOO mad. They make all Christians look bad. More later.

 Hmm. . . what did I do this weekend? Move, pack and unpack. But I LOVE my new apartment. I have a bigger kitchen and a beautiful view. It seems a lot more like a home than my other apartment did. Yay! I saw Freaky Friday on Sunday (packing break) and I laughed through the whole movie. It is really funny and quite good. Seeing the end credits I remembered that the guy who directed it also directed The House of Yes which is a sight more twisted. Anyway, I would recommend it. It is worth the ticket price, even if you are older than a teenager. Both nights that I've slept at my new apartment I have had some strange dreams. Sunday night I dreamt about the guys from Queer Eye and MG. I don't remember too much about it. But last night I dreamt about George Eads ("CSI"). It was strange because I started out playing his girlfriend on the show, but then we were really going out. Then we got engaged. Other stuff happened, but that was pretty much the main plot of my dream. I'll take a dream about George Eads any night. Whoo hoo! =) Josh at TPM has some good stuff on Tom DeLay. . . urlLink Apparently he thinks that redistricting is federally mandated by the Constitution : "Unfortunately, the Democrats in the state legislature don't understand honor because they're violating their oath of office to support the United States Constitution. They don't understand their duty, which the Constitution calls for in redistricting." What an idiot. At an open house this weekend, I saw a shirt for the senators. I kinda want one. But if I got it, I probably would wear it about as often as I wore my "Clinton/Gore" shirt. Which is about never.

 From the Statesman, urlLink GOP ponders tactic: No map, no primaries : "The effort will have a backlash on President Bush," said Sen. Leticia Van de Putte, D-San Antonio. "I believe it will hurt him in his re-election efforts because we, the minorities, will remember." The Republicans and Democrats are stuck right now. Neither will admit defeat. I've been hearing more often than not how it seems to be a battle between the white Republicans and the minority Democrats. I don't think I realized that all the Republican Senators were white; what does that say about the Texas Republican party? Another reason I'm proud to be a Democrat. I just wish the Dems on the national scene would show some gumption the way our Texan Dems have. I'm moving tomorrow - unfortunately, my phone won't be up until Monday. Argh. I am so tired of packing . . . I can't wait to be done. CD of the day: Liz Phair, Whip Smart .

 In which I eat bananas with my dead grandfather I'm sitting at a club with my friend M and we see a sign for an upcoming concert with some neat bands. I tell him we should buy tickets, but Nolan Ryan buys them for us. Then I am on the step of my grandma's house with K and KR and we can see my grandpa in the kitchen. We go on into the house and they make themselves at home. I look for a plate in the kitchen when K comes in, cursing about something. I say, "K--! My grandpa!" and she shuts up. Grandpa is sitting and eating at the table, like he hasn't been dead for over 10 years. He's eating bananas and something else, chatting with me, and asks something like, do you think of me when you eat bananas? All this time I am thinking I have to leave soon to drop the gals off and pick M up for the concert. I am only a bit surprised to see Grandpa; it seems natural for him to be there. Then I wake up and wish I was back asleep. He was so vivid and real in my dream - but he was never that chatty in real life. I wonder if I dreamt about him b/c I saw P last week? I don't remember anything else I dreamt about last night. That was just too strange. What I watched last night: The Reluctant Debutante . I've seen it enough times to just listen to it while I packed up glassware and appliances. In my car: Sarah McLachlan, Surfacing . Current read: East of Eden by Steinbeck. Are all the female characters bad, or is it just me? All the decent people mentioned so far are male. I'm only a little surprised at this.

 Ha ha!! I just found urlLink this at Common Dreams and had to link to it. I knew my definition of "conservatism" was correct: "explained psychologically as a set of neuroses rooted in "fear and aggression, dogmatism and the intolerance of ambiguity". " And this report puts Hitler, Mussolini, Dubya and Rush Limbaugh all in the same mindset! I kid you not. Go check it out.

 Last night I watched 8 Mile , which did not suck. Marshall Mathers is actually a pretty decent actor, better than some "professional" actors I've seen. "How can she watch these films while she packs?" you may ask. Well, I have the movie on while I'm packing, and tend to pay more attention to the film than my packing. Not tonight, though! I will work out, and then pack. Yes. This is my plan. I haven't heard from the stupid phone company yet. . . arrgh. This morning I saw Gary Coleman on the CBS Early Show . He was talking about his decision to run for California governor. He assumes that AHNOLD will win. All I can say to that is, " It's not a tumor!!!! " But seriously, I'm pulling for Arianna. Since she came to see the (progressive) light, I find myself agreeing more and more with what she has to say. I feel somewhat sorry for Gray Davis, but I can't say much more than that b/c I don't know a whole lot about CA's situation right now. I feel like I'm living in loony-land here in Texas. . . what the hell? I just read urlLink this . So the Republicans are going to fine the Democrats $1,000/day (from their personal funds) until they come back to Texas? This is ridiculous. Maybe I'll become a "yellow-dog" Democrat; I actually voted for Greg Abbott (a Republican), believing that he could do the job. But now I think that DeLay owns him, too. The move to New Mexico is becoming more and more tempting. . . That's what I'll do - I'll become a New Mexican Episcopalian. . . CD of the day: Fountains of Wayne, Utopia Parkway . "Do you love me, Denise?/Oh, baby, tell me please!!"

 Packing tonight . . . it's so much fun. Actually, I don't mind it so much. It's the unpacking I mind. Last night I attempted to pack while watching Birdman of Alcatraz . The title of this film is misleading - he didn't actually raise any birds in Alcatraz, only at Levinworth. It's a decent film, though a tad melodramatic. I wished I was watching The Manchurian Candidate at certain points - that is a much better Frankenheimer film. I met with someone for coffee (her) and cinnamon rolls (both of us) this morning. She works for the non-profit I am on the board of and wanted to discuss my goals/dreams for the organization. Somehow we got to talking about blogs, and she asked me what the appeal was. "Why do you want to put your personal thoughts out there for everyone to read?" I told her a) they are extremely user-friendly, b) I like recommending links I find and music/films I love, and c) I don't name names. My friends who read it (a small number) know who they are, and others don't. I also told her that I do have a "real" journal for stuff I don't want anyone else to read (but it's faster and easier to type it here than write long-hand in my book). I was trying to convince her that the MDC webpage needs serious updating. I think I volunteered myself to help. CD of the day: Liz Phair, Whip Smart . Great so far - less polished than her new album, so it sounds more original.

 I've added a new motto on my side menu here; I figure this site is more "fair and balanced" than Faux News on any day! Click on my motto to read more about it. You may ask, as my sister has, why do I want to become Episcopalian? Well, I was baptized Episcopalian, but that was a while ago. . . the fact that they have made an openly gay man a bishop gives me great hope for other Protestant denominations (I'm not kidding myself about the Southern Baptists, tho). The Presbys are supposed to discuss accepting homosexuals at the next General Assembly. I'm afraid it will break up the church. The problem is - the majority of Presbyterian churchgoers are past the age of 55. I may be exagerrating slightly, but not much. The older generations tend to be more set in what they expect from worship and their church. I can't think that all of them will be open-minded when it comes to accepting gay or lesbian preachers. I'm not that naive. I do think there will be a large number of people that are ready to accept that, because they realize the Presbyterian Church will slowly dwindle down to nil if we don't figure out a way to get more people involved. Since it wasn't that long ago that the Presbyterian Church U.S.A. was divided into Northern and Southern sections, I fear that this issue could split it again. I'm wondering what people in my own congregation think. Hmm. I know some of them would agree with me, but I fear a lot of them wouldn't. If my denomination doesn't get its act together soon, I may be attending an Episcopalian Church. We'll see!

 Here's a nice bit of hooey for you: Elizabeth S -- A very special Taurean Elizabeth S-- is deeply sensual. Her senses of touch, smell and sight are highly refined. And as for her taste? It's impeccable. Elizabeth is extremely discriminating - when she sees the best, she won't ever settle for anything less. She would rather 'go without' than go for a poor substitute. But then that's Elizabeth all over. It really isn't fair to call her 'stubborn as a mule.' Mules are adaptable, easy going creatures who are always eager to please - or at least, they are by comparison to Elizabeth S--. Unfortunately, for a person with such expensive preferences Elizabeth is not a millionaire ...or at least, not yet. You never know, it may just happen because Elizabeth's relationship with money is very interesting. She treats it with a curious mixture of disdain and respect. She never lets it stand in her way, yet she will go out of her way to get it when she needs to. Elizabeth is a smart cookie and a shrewd operator. It is not though, merely in the field of finance that Elizabeth S-- displays intuitive wisdom. Elizabeth has an affinity with nature. She can make almost any plant flower and bear fruit. This is just as well because Elizabeth has a hearty appetite. She likes her food as indeed she likes all her creature comforts. Fond though she is of all the above - and of all life's little luxuries - there is one more source of endless fascination that Elizabeth cannot resist. Elizabeth doesn't so much have a hearty appetite for sensual pleasure as a ravenous hunger for it! Which is funny really because you wouldn't necessarily think it to look at her. Elizabeth likes to play it cool. Elizabeth likes to pretend that nothing bothers her, fazes her or excites her. Like all Taureans though, Elizabeth S-- is a powerhouse of passion, as those who are lucky enough to know her - or to love her - will breathlessly testify. Thanks to urlLink Jonathan Kainer's Zodiac Forecasts . I didn't know I was so passionate - you learn something new every day!

 My mini-break was very nice. It wasn't really much of a break, because I kept busy the whole time, but at least I wasn't working! Here's the rundown of my days off: Weds - drove to Plano, picked up K at the airport, ate dinner with P and E, stole glances at MG, met V at Target and we all went to Chili's, learned the story behind our waiter's hickies. Thursday - went to the Women's Museum (which wasn't as great as I thought it would be). Since I already took Gender Studies and Women's History in America, it was no new information. Although - the little music area is cool. We spent way too long at the museum, ate California Pizza Kitchen and drove back to Plano. Since it was MG's birthday, we stayed at the house that night and watched Contact with him, drinking Kahlua and milk. Friday - went to the Dallas Museum of Art, which doesn't open until 11am. How silly. We checked out the modern art and the exhibit on Renoir in Algeria. We got a little lost on the way to V's apartment (I was driving and I need specific directions!), then we ate spaghetti and I left K there. I drove back to Plano, read some Grace Paley short stories, then met KR at a certain numbered theatre . We ate Italian and gossiped about the love lives of others and the lack of ours, and then we saw Agatha Christie's The Hollow . It was a really good show, and didn't cost me anything, since KR works there. I got a little lost on the way out there, but got back to Plano with no problems. I was invited to go to V's bachelorette party, but I refuse to go to any form of a strip club, male or not. So I stayed up til 2am watching campy "Dr. Who" on KERA and waiting for K to get to the house. Saturday - the wedding, finally! It rained, of course. K sang "Ave Maria" and the groom's sister amazed us all with a lack of any musical talent. I was biting my program - that's how bad she was. Ugh. The reception was at Southfork, of "Dallas" fame, and was lots of fun. I tried to nap after that, but didn't really succeed. We met KR at Bennigan's where I got a strong Mojito and then went back to the house. E had "Sabado Gigante" on, but it hurt my brain to try and translate it all so I read some more. Later we borrowed MG's copy of Drunken Master and started dozing before it was over. Sunday - E fixed us enchiladas (REALLY SPICY) for breakfast, we chatted with MG and P, then I dropped K off at the airport and headed on home. FYI - P is my grandfather, E is his third wife and MG is her son (only 2 years older than me and NOT a blood relation). It went by so quickly and I wish I could have chatted some more with MG. He's so very nice to look at. K agrees and flirted with him. Anyway, now I'm back at work. I have to pack every night this week. I called my phone company to set up at my new apartment, and the guy says, "we may have to give you a new number." The guy I talked to a few weeks ago told me I would be able to keep my number! That's all for now. I'll have more later on why I want to be Episcopalian and other such issues. CD of the day: Phil Collins, Hits .

 What weekend? It sped by so quickly, it barely registered. That's what I get for driving to Houston and back in one day, then going to a concert. I got passes to see Liz Phair in a convoluted way: I work with the grandmother of her keyboard player. Her portion of the concert was quite short, but since I only had to pay $5 for parking, I feel it was totally worth it. I got to hear "Supernova", so it's all good. That song is soooo awesome. J's apartment is in central Houston, as far as I can tell. My experience with Houston is quite limited. I've been there three times now. The first time I got dehydrated b/c of the humidity, the second time I got to stay in the Hilton and read American Gods in the Enron food court, and this third time really was too short to count. This was the first time I actually drove in Houston. As I was stuck on IH10, I remembered my driver's ed teacher standing by the blackboard, daily regaling us with the terrors of Houston traffic. It really wasn't all that bad. And since J is going to be living there now, I'll have to visit. Plus - they have a great opera program! And I bought an outfit (tax-free weekend!!!) at Anthropologie. I have a feeling I paid WAY too much. But it looks good. I got V's wedding present on Sunday. Luckily they are registered at places I thought to look. Otherwise, they were gonna get a gift certificate. I much prefer giving them things I know they want/need. I drive up to Plano Wednesday. I hope I get everything done before then. I probably won't be able to blog until next week. . . Current rants : I can't believe Bush's response last week at the press conference to the question of gay marriages. We know you're a Christian, bubba! You don't have to make a vague reference to a parable to remind us. And why do you think that saying we're all sinners is a way to answer that question? I'm glad that Dean is getting lots of media attention. He's going to be on Larry King this evening and I'm going to try to call in and ask what he thinks about Americorps and Bush's treatment of it. I doubt I'll get on, but I'll try. I hope this early media attention works for him. That's all for now - I better go get the mail.

 I just found out that Fountains of Wayne will be on VH1 tonight! Apparently it is some concert with Sugar Ray, Vertical Horizon and Fountains of Wayne. I am quite excited! If you have VH1, it will be on at 7pm Central. I'll have to record it, since I got my "Gilmore Girls" on at the same time. This just made my day about 50% better. =) UPDATE: FOW was NOT on this concert. Stupid TV Guide. However, one of the tracks from "Welcome Interstate Managers" was playing in the background of a scene in "Gilmore Girls" last night. That was neat - although I was surprised they chose that track since it says, "I gotta get my shit together". I guess they figured that you would pay attention to the discussion held over the music rather than the song itself.

 I'm trying to keep informed as far as this investigation ("Wilsongate"?) goes. If you are as interested as I am, here are some good links to check out: - urlLink Talking Points Memo - Josh is keeping extremely updated of the goings-on related to Wilson and the leak. He was onto the story before the big media picked it up. - urlLink Demand an Independent Investigation! - sign this petition for an independent investigation into the leak. Ashcroft's "Justice" department will not do anything on this. And if you have no idea what I'm talking about, urlLink here is an article about it.

 This week is going to be busy. The past two have been and this one is no different. All I can do is look forward to the weekend. This past weekend I got my hair cut and highlighted and watched "Holes" (about as good as the book, which says a lot) and some old episodes of "Sex and the City". And I read some, cleaned some, and went to the gym. I love weekends like that. I watched Alias last night and was confused. This whole "gone for two years" thing is pretty whack. I do love watching such intense television though. The only new show I can really see myself getting hooked on is that Joan of Arcadia . The idea is pretty novel and I really liked the first episode. the other new shows I viewed were: Two and a Half Men - the writing is pretty stinky, but it's Jon Cryer! If anyone deserves a hit TV show, he does. I can't see myself watching it much, but it doesn't suck! Cold Case - very neat show. I really like the strength of the main character. But why was her partner shooting up at the office? Does he have diabetes? Huh? I might watch this show, except it's on when The Simpsons are. I actually forgot they were on at all last night until 10pm. Whoops! The Lyon's Den - Watching this show after Alias was not a good idea. It just can't compare. It is a tad melodramatic and I didn't really sympathize with any character - except maybe the paralegal, played by David Krumholz (see 10 things I hate about you ). I don't think I'll make a point to catch it. So my TV schedule is basically the same as last year: Monday - nothing. Tuesday - 7pm - Gilmore Girls , 9pm - Queer Eye (it takes Judging Amy 's spot). Wednesday - nada. Thursday - 7pm Friends , 7:30 Scrubs , 8pm CSI , 9pm Without a Trace . Friday - 7pm Joan of Arcadia , 8:30 Life with Bonnie , 9pm Boomtown (maybe. After the season premiere I am unsure if it will stack up to last year. Their format has changed and Vanessa Williams is now on it. We'll see.) Saturday - no way. Sunday - 7pm Simpsons , and King of the Hill , whenever that's on. 8pm Alias . So how many hours of TV is that? 8 or 9? That's enough. Throw in Curb your enthusiasm and Monk when those come back on. CD of the weekend: Seal, Seal IV . I LOVE "Waiting for You". Overall, a great album. My impulse buy at Target. =)

 The Handmaid's Tale My last challenged book of the week is Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale . I'm not as surprised that this book is challenged as I am about the others. It is such a forward-thinking work, telling the story of a woman in a future time and how she must deal with the power struggles. In this future, all women have little or no power. I haven't read it in a few years, but if I remember correctly, for some reason a lot of women can't have children. So these handmaids are brought in to procreate with the rich men. I'm probably botching the story, but it is really good, and quite disturbing. A good feminist novel - and so is her earlier book, The Edible Woman .

 A Light in the Attic I will start out by admitting that I am a huge Shel Silverstein fan. I remember when I was a kid, I performed in the church talent show by reading poems from this book. I read about four or five, but the only one I specifically remember reading was the one about washing the dishes. I can't figure out why this book is challenged and his others aren't. Or rather, I can't understand why this book is challenged. Period.

 Bridge to Terabithia Katherine Paterson is an ex-missionary who has written such collections as Angels and Other Strangers , which I think is the greatest collection of short stories based around Christmas ever. I also love Jacob Have I Loved , although it is a pretty depressing book. It is interesting to read a book written from the point of view of the lesser sister. But my banned/challenged book of the day is Bridge to Terabithia , which is probably her best-known work. I remember when I was in elementary school they showed a movie version of it on Wonderworks , which used to be shown on PBS. Does anyone else remember that show? Anyway, it is basically about a boy who has to deal with a new next-door neighbor. They become friends and share an imaginary kingdom. I really should re-read it, since I haven't read it since elementary school! I do remember the haunting ending, though. *sigh* For more information on Katherine Paterson and her books, visit urlLink terabithia.com . CD of the week: Lauryn Hill, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . I've got that in my car and Shawn Colvin's Fat City in my apartment. Both REALLY good CDs.

 A Wrinkle in Time Madeleine L'Engle's great work A Wrinkle in Time is my banned/challenged book for the day. It amazes me that this book is challenged. Just because there is a fantastical element to it, some kids are missing out on this book. My mom used to read this to us when my sister and I were very small (we read the whole trilogy). I couldn't quite grasp the idea of a tesseract. I reread it in high school and noticed so much more. This work is about an awkward girl, Meg, who doesn't do well in school (except for math) and her genius brother, Charles Wallace, who doesn't fit in. Their father disappears and they go on a quest to find him, taking along a gangly jock called Cal. I don't think there is an age limit on this book and I definitely consider it one of my all-time favorites. It makes me so sad to think that some children are unable to check this book out at their library. Well, the whole idea of banning books disappoints me, but the challenging of this one especially disturbs me. This work deals with values and ideas that are intrinsic to our society: familial love, being an outsider, keeping your individuality, etc. Madeline L'Engle has written many more books than this, but this is really her best, I think. Please go to your library and check it out. Read it or re-read it. It is definitely worth it. Other L'Engle books to check out: Many Waters - Meg's twin brothers Sandy and Dennys go on a journey of their own. An Acceptable Time - Meg's daughter Polly time-travels. Sort-of. A Live Coal in the Sea - not part of the Murry saga. Camilla (from Camilla ) is older and wiser and reflects back on her life.

 It's Banned Books Week! I'm back, yay! Last week was hard, but hopefully will aid me financially. This week is Banned Books Week and to celebrate how ignorant our nation is, I will celebrate one banned/challenged book a day. Today's book is In the Night Kitchen by Maurice Sendak. It is #21 on the list of the urlLink 100 most challenged books . For those of you unfamiliar with this great book, I'll give you a little background. A little boy dreams of flying around a "night kitchen" in a suit made of dough and almost gets baked into a dish. My sister and I were pretty much raised on this book and Goodnight Moon . I have a feeling it is challenged in libraries because of nudity objections. Whatever! It is a terrific kid's book. Both my sister and I have memorized, "I'm in the milk and the milk's in me! God bless milk and God bless me!" It is worth reading for the illustrations alone. Sendak's style is just amazing.

 I am going to be gone for next week - I get to go to Houston for business. I won't be able to blog for a while! Have a good week.

 Johnny Cash, 1932 - 2003 urlLink New York Times obit How strange that Johnny Cash and urlLink John Ritter died within 24 hours of each other (John Ritter was the son of urlLink Tex Ritter ). Bizarre and sad.

 urlLink No one came home

 Now hear this. . . urlLink A special speech to the nation . Here's my favorite part: "In addition, every American will get his or her own veteran. Veterans benefits are so pathetic anyway we might as well just eliminate them. Please remember the great sacrifice these men and women made for their country. Do you have a spare room in your home? A veteran would like to live there." And I would just like to say: funny, funny, and funny.

 Books you should read. I just emailed my pal J in Houston a list of books to check out, and have decided to pass them on to you, my loyal (?) blogreaders. GOOD WORKS: Cold Mountain , Charles Frazier (soon to be a movie with Nicole Kidman and Renee Z) - I resisted it when it came out, but it really does deserve any kudos it gets. Three Junes , Julia Glass - not about three gals named June, but three months of June in three people's lives. So well-done, I recommend it to everyone. The first June is a bit tedious, but the other two make up for it, I promise. The Blind Assassin , Margaret Atwood. I'm working on her latest book right now ( Oryx and Crake ), but I remember being blown away by this one. A LITTLE LIGHTER READING: Open House , Elizabeth Berg. I LOVE this book - it is pretty light reading, but so well-written. I also like Until the Real Thing Comes Along , Range of Motion , and Pull of the Moon . Back When We Were Grownups , Anne Tyler. I don't know if you are an Anne Tyler fan or not, but this is a good one. Prodigal Summer , Barbara Kingsolver. Did you read The Poisonwood Bible ? I didn't like it as much as I have enjoyed her other books. This one is good, but I also recommend The Bean Trees and Pigs in Heaven . Welcome to the World, Baby Girl! and Standing in the Rainbow , Fannie Flagg. I really liked Fried Green Tomatoes , but these really touched me. Good modern Southern lit. your bibliophile pal - Elizabeth My addition for you blogreaders (all three of you): After Dachau , Daniel Quinn. A mind-blowingly good book based in an alternate present. Definitely makes you think. I read it two years ago, have read MANY books since, and I still remember it. It's that good.

 shameless plug. . . I love this site: urlLink So you wanna . . .

 So what are your plans for Saturday? I have to go vote tonight. I was going to go work out and then vote, but realized that the polls close at 7pm, so there's no way I could do that. I have to vote early because I told a work colleague that I would help her on election day. I get to clerk at an all-male co-op at UT on a game day. For a consitutional amendment election no less!! I am sorta looking forward to seeing what kind of turnout we'll get. I can't complain - it is easy money. $100 to sit, read and talk on my cell phone. Oh, and get free food. Maybe I will be surprised and we will have a decent turnout. Maybe. I was watching Alias last night (big surprise) when someone knocks on my door. I thought maybe it was someone I knew, but no, it was some random guy selling magazine subscriptions. I told him I had no money (which is TRUE!) and I don't think he bought it. He was like, "So how do you go out and drink?" I said, "Honestly, I don't!" He replied, "That's so weird." Then he regaled me with a tale of how he went to Sixth Street this weekend and got plastered and people bought him drinks and someone tattooed his finger with a smiley face. I thought, Well, now I really want to buy a magazine so you can go to Europe. It used to be that I couldn't say no to salespeople. Telemarketers would call and would be able to keep me on the line until I could eke out an "I don't think so." Now it just comes so easy. What was I scared of? Salespeople call and I just hang up on them. I've heard it through the grapevine that my old roommate A has been offered a position with a DC law firm. Before she started law school she told me she wanted to clerk for a Supreme Court justice. Now that that is an actual option, she chose the firm. Frankly, I'm not surprised. The money changed her mind! Or should I say lessened her idealistic dreams. . . I've thought lately about signing up for evening classes or something. But I honestly don't know how I'd do it. I just know that I can't do what I'm doing now (job-wise) for the rest of my life. There is no point. CD of the day: Elgar, Enigma Variations .

 I just found the best T-shirt design! urlLink Stop Mad Cowboy disease!

 Go check Tom Tomorrow's new toon out: you can do it urlLink here (Tuesday at noon) or urlLink here (you have to watch an ad first). It is so funny, especially after reading urlLink Rumsfeld Strikes Back at Critics of U.S. Effort on Terror . Ha ha ha! Note the sign in the background "D.N.C.: We hate America!" I didn't catch Bush's speech last night. I do know that it threw my TV schedule out of whack! But seriously - I heard the last part of the Albuquerque debate last night. What the hell is up with Joe Lieberman? K had called me after she attended the debates and told me the quotable quotes, but it was still shocking to hear him. He was okay for VP, but for the real thing? I don't think so. I'll vote for the Green candidate before I vote for Joe. Here is who I am open to voting for if they grab the nomination: Kerry or Edwards or even Moseley-Braun - but I'd prefer Dean. Anyone else is just the same ol', same ol'. I didn't say Kucinich, because there is no way he'll get the nom. I love Carol Moseley-Braun, but I am realistic enough to know that she doesn't have the name-recognition or the financial wherewithall to make it. =( Wouldn't it be awesome to have a black female President, though? Someday. I spent the weekend dogsitting for two Scottie dogs. I didn't get much sleep, and am looking forward to spending the night in my own pad. And watching more "Alias". When I first got the box set, I wondered if it was really worth it. And it really is - the series premiere is great, and really funny if you listen to the commentary. The second episode commentary is lacking, but a bit interesting nevertheless. I think what I love the most about watching it on DVD is hearing it in stereo. Now I have to get the second season. I think I might ask for that for Christmas, since it won't be out til Dec. 2. I saw the video for Stacey's Mom yesterday and was a little surprised. I wanted to see more of the band and less of Rachel Hunter. It is a great video, though. Good for FOW! They look cute in the video, although they sure aren't in much of it. I also saw the video for Coldplay's "The Scientist" and was just blown away. Wow. I don't care much for the band, but the video is AWESOME. CD of the day: Liz Phair, Liz Phair .

 I just read on urlLink Bill Maher's site that Jessica Lynch has signed a million dollar book deal?!! What the hell? What will it be about? She supposedly can't remember anything. Give me a break. I'd rather read urlLink Al Franken any day. At least he speaks truths - - and he's darn funny.

 I am not looking forward to tomorrow. Although tomorrow evening looks to be fun, I will basically be helming the office during the day. I don't like that much. But when two people have relatives that die while your boss is already on vacation, what can you do? The best you can. I will probably not be able to post tomorrow. But tomorrow night is the Cage concert I've been looking forward to. M will meet me there and then we watch Bowling for Columbine . Yay! I hope he will go see Whale Rider with me on Saturday. I don't know of anyone else who wants to see it (or has even heard of it). I got my box set of Alias , first season. Exciting, but costly. I'm going to have to wait on the second season. . . I also got a CD of the Elgar Enigma Variations . I'm very glad about that. Every time I hear it on urlLink the radio , I think, "Gosh, that's beautiful." And I call the radio station, only to be told that it is the Enigma Variations. So I bought it and can listen to it whenever I desire. Another work to add to my very small Classical Library. Not that my CD library is small. . . just the amount of classical CDs. I really should work out today, but I've got a headache (And I want to watch Alias , let's face it) so my only other outing before going home will be to the grocery store. And that's all about Elizabeth urlLink Small . For today, anyway. CD of the day: Still The Thorns . Why don't I own any Matthew Sweet albums? Huh? He rocks!

 urlLink WHAT THE HELL ARE THE 10 THINKING????!!!?? I thought that they knew what they were doing, but this is the last straw. Asking Bush for help? Yeah, that'll get you somewhere. Don't they have a plan??!! Karl Rove does - he and Tom DeLay are the whole frickin reason we are at the redistrciting impasse. Yeah, I'm sure Bush will speak against Perry. As Wayne would say, "and monkeys might fly out my butt." I think he said that. ACKK!! Now I don't know what to think about my Dems. This sure as hell doesn't make me proud. And the speaking out against other Democrats - that is just too much.

 could I be any more random? This weekend was very nice. I finished two books, scanned some old pictures for my urlLink website , and generally pondered life. I love unplanned weekends. I hope no one is trying to email my lycos account, because apparently it is unavailable for a few days. I love when I get warning about things like that, she noted sarcastically. I just chatted with the FedEx guy. That was nice. It's been kinda slow for me at work this week. Which is good. I could be blogging a lot more often. But I haven't really had much to comment on. I've been looking at dog rescue sites (like I can afford to have a dog right now!), looking at local rescued dogs. I had to stop myself this afternoon because I was about to apply to adopt one. Then I remembered the amount I have in savings. I get to dogsit this weekend - maybe that will get it out of my system. My mom's uncle died in a car accident. Since my grandpa had 10 siblings, I don't remember what this one looked like. I just remember being at Grandpa's funeral and seeing this man who looked exactly like him. It was like he wasn't really dead. But that was his brother. CD of the day: The Thorns . I really like it so far, especially "No Blue Sky" and their cover of the Jayhawks "Blue".

 Update: I don't get to go to Houston. But I've been told that next week will be horrible so at least I will get lots of overtime! I wanted to link to this: urlLink VIGIL IN SOLIDARITY WITH THE WOMEN WHO HAVE BEEN RAPED AND MURDERED IN JUREZ AND CHIHUAHUA . Happy Halloween and All Saints Day!

 Well, it looks like I will be going to Houston next week. I'll know FOR SURE tomorrow, but I've been told to prepare to go. And this weekend, I really needed a weekend. Waah. But I'll get more money for going on this trip, which is quite needed!

 urlLink The Perfect Firestorm I just read this article at Commondreams.org. I heard this morning on NPR that Congress is working to draft a bill to permit more logging to decrease the rick of forest fires. Are they serious? It's Bush's "environmentalism" at work. I'm going to look for more information on this bill. edit: I found an article on it on the Guardian: urlLink Wildfires give boost to logging bills .

 what I just can't stand One thing that really irks me is that General Clark is running for President and has not told us what issues he stands for. Maybe I'm just old-fashioned, but I like when candidates have the good ol' platform. Here are some examples from other candidates: urlLink Dean's page on "Ensuring Civil Rights and Justice for All" urlLink Gephardt's "Issues and New Ideas" urlLink Edwards "Real Solutions for America" EVEN Al Sharpton lists his platform: urlLink Sharpton's platform . But go to Wesley Clark's page and this is what you find: urlLink On the Issues . All he has are plans - no list of specific issues that he stands behind. What I can't stand - candidates who won't say what they stand for!

 I forgot that I wanted to be sure and link to this interview. After reading it, I was tempted to go to seminary. Well, only slightly. urlLink Bill Moyers Interviews Union Theological Seminary's Joseph Hough

 This is so frustrating to me: urlLink Iraq: Civilian Deaths Need U.S. Investigation WHY DO WE KEEP KILLING INNOCENT CIVILIANS??!!!!???!!! This is why I was opposed to going into Iraq. I hate that I knew that this would happen. It makes me so sad and angry. I hate that all these innocent people are being killed for oil: Iraqi civilians, American soldiers, members of the foreign press. . . Sure Saddam was bad. But I don't think it was worth all this. Not at all.

 I added a new link on my side menu. Laura at urlLink Mousepads, Shoe Leather and Hope is now linking to me as a "Dean Related Blog", so I felt I should return the favor. I just wrote Margaret Cho a fan e-mail. How cliche is that? I wonder if I'll get a reply. When I emailed Harry Connick, Jr. years ago, I got a few replies. We even had a short email discussion, if you will. This was pre-"Will and Grace". Last night Rush Limbaugh was in my dream. I was at some sort of small conference where the Republicans and Dems were in separate rooms and I went to the Republican section for kicks. I can't remember what I thought was so funny about his speech, but I went over to the Democratic room and was telling someone about it, in between laughs. Then I realized he was behind me, and I laughed right at his face. This is after I watched The Haunting (the original) last night. One would think I would be affected by that (and I was - I was spooked out trying to go to sleep last night). It is a scary film, and so well done. I didn't realize it was directed by Robert Wise ( West Side Story , The Sound of Music ). There is one scene where Russ Tamblyn's character jumps off some shaky stairs and it really reminded me of West Side Story (when they sing the Jets song). This week has been "harr-ible" and I can't WAIT for the weekend. I seriously need a break. Especially b/c I might be going on a business trip to Houston again! Ack!

 Thom is my man. . . Thom: Design Doctor urlLink Which Member from Queer Eye for the Straight Guy is your type? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 A neat interview with Maurice Sendak (see urlLink earlier post ): urlLink Sendak and Kushner Let Humor Get Through Also, the newest issue of urlLink Mother Jones has an interview with Tony Kushner. Before I read it, I didn't know much more about him than his penning urlLink "Angels in America" . But now I know he is a smart progressive Liberal. Good for him. More later.

 My close friend R just e-mailed me and asked me to cosign for a loan. I have no idea what kind of loan, but I'm assuming educational. I know she is extremely responsible and will be good for it, but I am still wondering if I should or not. I really want to help her out, but I am kinda scared that something will happen and I will have to pay her loan. I honestly can't afford to. However - I know that otherwise she can't afford to go to school. It is a pickle. So that's what I'll be doing this weekend - trying to decide what to do as far as that is concerned. Have a good weekend!

 urlLink Shouldn't you be the one with the answers? But I can believe you don't have them. Rummy, Rummy, Rummy. What will we do?

 The guy who gave me free tickets to see Liz Phair is now touring with Steve Burns (the ex-Blue's Clues guy) in the UK. They are opening for the Flaming Lips. If you want to see a lovely pic of him, Steve, Steve's wife and their dog, then urlLink this link is for you. He's a cutie! He's taken, ladies, by some lucky gal in OK.

 urlLink Sarah Bird I went to hear Sarah Bird speak on Saturday. The event was called "Lunch with Sarah Bird", but since it was at the library, I didn't think they would actually have food there. They did! It was neat to hear her. She is just as funny as her books are. She discussed her books, starting with the first book she wrote (a murder mystery no longer in print). Apparently Avon Books paid her $1500 for it, then asked for their money back! Then she talked about urlLink Alamo House , which she just wanted to title "Women Without Men and Men Without Brains". Sadly she had a NY editor who wanted to give it a "regional" title. So although her book has NOTHING to do with the Alamo or a house nearby, it is stuck with that unfortunate title. Trivial facts I learned: - Sarah Bird moved here from New Mexico to go to grad school and follow a man. Said man joined the Church of Scientology and moved to California, promising to come back and marry her. Whereupon in California, said man, a Mr. Rogers, met an actress and married her instead. Who is this actress? Well, let's just say she left this guy (after taking his last name) for Tom Cruise, who then left her for Nicole Kidman. - My favorite of her books, urlLink The Boyfriend School , was made into a movie, urlLink Don't Tell Her It's Me (1990) , starring Steve Guttenberg and Shelley Long. Huh??!! I believe I was the youngest person in the room. She definitely has more of a varied audience now, after the publication of urlLink The Yakota Officer's Club . If you haven't read any Sarah Bird, I would recommend you start out with that one. It is her deepest work. The rest are much lighter. She warned us that what she's working on now is going to be a whole lot darker. We'll just have to wait and see!

 morning sidenotes. . . 1) This morning I caught the video for Brad Paisley's "Celebrity" and it made me laugh out loud. Look out for it -- if you like funny social commentary or cute country singers. 2) On my way to work I noticed a construction sign flashing "John", then "3:16". I thought, well, do they think that will really convert people? It confused me, because I thought it was going to tell me that John Street was going to be closed soon. Where is John Street? Then the "3:16" flashed and I thought, Oh, those crazy Christians. People who think that putting a Bible verse on a flashing construction sign will bring in the heathens amaze me. All you are doing is confusing the driving public, who will think that some non-existent John Street will be closed soon. 3) I am not used to gawky teenagers scoping me out. One did this morning by the high school on my trip to work and I just stared right back at him. That'll teach him. Yeah. More later about my weekend - I've got to do an entry about the lovely and Hi-larious Sarah Bird.

 I've always depended on the kindness of strangers. . . Well, not really. But thank you to the wonderful woman who gave M and I two of her tickets to the symphony. We got to the symphony early to stand in line for student tickets. We were hoping that they wouldn't look too closely at M's ID, since he really isn't a student anymore (sidenote: I haven't been one since 2000 and people still think I'm in school!). We stood in line debating how Tschiakovsky(sp) died. I said at least it wasn't syphilis, like those crazy Western European Romantics! This woman came up to the three kids in front of us and asked if they already had tickets. She had four extra tickets since her friends weren't coming. She said they were free and handed two right to me. I gasped my thanks and M and I rushed in to our fantastic free seats! We were on the fourth row, with seats even better than when I won free seats from KMFA. The concert was really quite good, and I adore the last movement of Tschiakovsky's "Pathetique" symphony. And am I right that Piano Concerto No.1 In Eb Major by Lizst contains Gargamel's theme from "The Smurfs"? I don't think I could make that up. But maybe I did. Anyway, thank you, kind lady. People like you restore my faith in humanity. =)

 Hahahahaha!! This week's This Modern World is hi-larious! Check it out at urlLink working for change .

 Mass Exodus Thanks to urlLink TPM for this link: urlLink Many Troops Dissatisfied, Iraq Poll Finds . I find this fact most interesting: "A total of 49 percent of those questioned said it was "very unlikely" or "not likely" that they would remain in the military after they complete their current obligations. In the past, enlistment rates tended to drop after conflicts, but many defense experts and noncommissioned officers have warned of the potential for a historically high exodus, particularly of reservists." This article basically says that regardless of what this administration would have you believe, the Stars and Stripes put together a survey and found some enlightening results. They realize that this was NOT a scientific survey, but I think the results are still quite relevant. As the article says, "the survey results suggest that a combination of difficult conditions, complex missions and prolonged tours in Iraq is wearing down a significant portion of the U.S. force and threatening to provoke a sizable exodus from military service." How will the neo-cons handle this? And don't tell me they will re-instate the draft. You know, I read a few days ago in a major news source (so it must have been big news) that most of our current soldiers are from rural areas. Is this supposed to be surprising? I didn't read the article, but I wonder if it pointed out that a majority of people in service are also minorities. And how many minorities are in Congress again? There is a great article in the current issue of urlLink Harper's Magazine about the GOP's obsession with the military. If you haven't read it yet, I recommend that you do. If it were online I would link ot it, but it isn't. =( It is an in-depth article about the kind of people who make up the military and why the GOP wants America to be more like the military that serves it.

 what doesn't suck . . . . . .as much as I thought it would: the Angelina Jolie flick Life or Something Like It . It was actually not bad at all. Certainly it had moments of cheesiness, but it was a whole lot better than I expected. And if I hadn't watched it on HBO last night, I'd never have known. Guster is going to be here Saturday night and I haven't decided what to do. I am tempted to go, since I haven't seen them since I first saw them in St. Paul a few years ago. I'd love to catch them, but it would save me money not to. What to do, what to do. . .

 What went wrong? I finished watching "Truth, War and Consequences" this morning. I was left with a very disappointed feeling. What a sad state of affairs. Go to this urlLink site to read more about it. There are interviews and discussions that weren't in the show. One I am interested in reading is the cameraman's account of a shooting in Iraq. I was very disturbed by the soldier's reaction to finding out they had shot an innocent bystander (who was 5 feet away from the cameraman). *sigh* urlLink Here is what I'm talking about. An excerpt from Anger's account: "I never found out what the fistfight was about or why a man died on that hot sidewalk in Baghdad. I can understand the American soldiers being hot, tired and probably scared. But they overreacted. To compound the mistake, they incorrectly claimed that there had been a gunman in the crowd to justify their actions."

 Quote for the day "My wish is to ride the tempest, tame the waves, kill the sharks. I will not resign myself to the usual lot of women who bow their heads and become concubines." - Trieu Thi Trinh, Vietnamese revolutionary circa AD 240

 A few weekends ago I was cleaning/unpacking and I found a used role of film. I took it to be developed last weekend and got it back today. It mostly had pictures from North Carolina on it. Like this one: I don't remember the name of the volunteer I am posing with, that's how long ago this was. Don't I look authentic, though? We were there for a build in May and it would get so hot during the day (that's why my sleeves are rolled up). I was in charge of installing the door behind us. urlLink Here is a better pic of it. And urlLink here is the back door I was in charge of installing also. Since I never did roofing (too scary), I got to lead the door (and some window) installation. This pic was taken on the last day of the build (we all wore our Habitat*Americorps Build shirts). Our Americorps group got the farthest in the week we were there. I believe we just started with a capped foundation, and on Friday we ended with siding started on most of the house. It was pretty awesome.

 (Yes, I am obsessed.) Another Fountains of Wayne note: Last night I caught part of Ellen and Elton John was on. I'm not a huge Elton John fan, but I do have his greatest hits. Goodbye, Yellow Brick Road is one of the greatest albums period. Anyway, he is at the piano and Ellen asks him what current groups he is listening to. He says, "Fountains of Wayne. They've got an album out now called Welcome Interstate Managers ." I am a bit surprised, but very happy. So if you think that Elton is a good man to trust music-wise (and you haven't followed my advice already!!!), then go buy the damn album! I am SLOWLY getting over my allergy attack. I sound a lot better and have been coughing less. But I'm still coughing. I recorded Frontline last night ("Truth, War and Consequences") and started watching it this morning. It is quite educational. Yes. I LOVE Frontline . But why does it have to be on on Thursday at 9pm? I'm glad it's the weekend, almost. I am hoping I get over this attack. Or at least get mostly recovered.

 They played Fountains of Wayne on KUT today, so it has got to be a good day - never mind the fact that it is a bit gloomy outside and my allergies are still going crazy.

 blah. I am sick. It is all allergies, but I just feel awful. I got to see Lost in Translation ! It is really good. I really enjoyed it. Bill Murray should get some awards for his role - he plays a somewhat more restrained character than usual. One thing of note - his cell phone in the film has my new ring tone. Everytime his phone rang, I thought mine was ringing. It kinda freaked me out, because I knew I turned the ringer off. I'm only working a half day today. I feel like the walking dead. Ugh.

 I just found this pic of my old Americorps living arrangements online. My room was on the left side, on the third floor. That big window on the top floor in the front - that was mine! It's hard to believe but I got kinda homesick looking at this picture. I don't miss the hot summer evenings or the drunk people who sat on our porch, but I do miss Minnesota. *sigh*

 I just took a survey for Blogger. I love this weather - it is so crisp and cool when I walk out the door in the morning. I love that I don't have to have the A/C on at all. The only bad things are a) it is getting really hard to get out of bed in the morning and b) my allergies are starting to get bad. But I won't complain. It is almost worth dealing with to have this weather. A sign that I am watching too many episodes of "Sex and the City": Characters from the show were in my dream last night. I don't remember much, except I was sharing a hotel room in a version of Houston that doesn't exist. Bizarre. Is it just me, or was "Friends" really bad last night? I couldn't watch it. But "Scrubs" was great. I don't know what I think of Elliot's new look. This weekend I am detemined to see Lost in Translation , even if I have to go by myself. I really want to see it that badly. I'm going to try and write something this weekend, also. I've become so lax about keeping entries in my journal since I have this blog now. Bad Elizabeth. Hey goosie - I'm going to give you a call this weekend. I miss you! CD of the day: I'm still on Seal!

 This morning I got gas at my favorite local service station. There was this weak looking forty-something man in greasy overalls walking with a harsh sort of limp. As I was getting gas he asked if I could drop him off at the light at the end of the block, where his van had broken down. I said, "Okay." Part of me was thinking, this poor, poor guy, and a small part of me was thinking, he could carjack me! When I was paying for the gas, the owner of the station asked me if I was giving that guy a ride. I told him I was, and that I thought it would be okay, since I was just taking him down the block. And that's what I did. As he got out of the car, he thanked me and said he would pray for me. Driving the rest of the way to work, all of the scenarios that could have happened popped into mind. I find it sad that in our current society doing good for your neighbor has such ramifications, especially if you are a single female. Since it was the middle of the morning and this guy looked so down, I didn't think anything would happen. And it didn't.

 Just the other day I was wondering what was going on with redistricting here. urlLink And here is the answer. I can't believe it might go to the Supreme Court! Of course, we'll probably have to live with it for a few years til it makes its way there. It is good, old-fashioned gerrymandering, people, and there ain't no other way about it: "The law governing racial gerrymandering is still evolving, but Gerry Hebert, one of the Democratic lawyers and a nationally recognized expert on redistricting law, said there are objective ways to measure whether it has occurred. And looking at the shapes of some of the new districts, he believes it did occur. "

 urlLink Ack! Jonathan Brandis is dead? I wasn't a big fan, but still . . . how sad.

 random thoughts on the environment and grocery-shopping urlLink thoughts on styrofoam I just read this on Chris' blog and had to link to it. It is quite humorous. If you have ever wondered, what is better for the environment, paper or plastic? The answer is - cloth. And if you take your cloth grocery bags to Whole Foods you get money back! Okay, it's like 5 cents. But that can add up if you shop there a lot! I don't, but you might. I love grocery shopping in Texas because they have people who bag your groceries for you. In Minnesota, you have to do it for yourself. I always felt so hurried because I would try to fit the items in the bag as best as possible. The checker would always glare at me if I was taking a little too long. I don't miss that. I take cloth bags to the grocery store and one time the checker refused to put my groceries in them. So I had to do it myself, and it reminded me of Minnesota. I don't mind helping bag my own groceries, but it really is more efficient with someone else. Am I a grocery-bagging snob? I don't think so. I took a store evaluation and commented on that girl. That is the only time I've had anyone take issue with my cloth bags. Sometimes, the checker will even thank me for bringing my own bags.

 urlLink My new heroine My favorite quote is: "No matter your vicious rhetoric about Protestants and Catholics and blacks and whites and Hispanics and women, we refuse to be divided. In a time of war, which we are in, when the country is under assault and we have men and women dying in Iraq, it is the height of disrespect and un-Americanism to come to this great floor and talk about the pettiness . . ." Just a great speech overall. I'll have to look more into this Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana. Thanks for standing up to those conservatives, Senator! You tell 'em! edit: for some reason, they have removed the link. I will search for a link to the speech.

 urlLink Call me a Bush-hater I love Molly Ivins and this article is exactly what I feel. I want to email it to all my friends, and I want to share it with you. You will also note a new icon on my side menu, which I got from Gary Turner - a web escape. You can go to his site and select a work-friendly site to come up whenever you are reading my blog (or any other blog with this icon) and your boss is nigh. My work-friendly site is FedEx. This site will immediately come up when I hit the icon. You can always click the back arrow and come back to my blog!

 urlLink Light a candle for Peace I just went to this site after reading the comments on Dean's urlLink blog entry about finding his brother's remains. What a sad story, but at least it seems to be coming to some resolution. For more on the story, go urlLink here .

 urlLink Pilot Error Is Blamed for Wellstone Crash

 What I did this weekend - saw Pieces of April - SUCH A GREAT FILM!!! you must go see it. now. - finished both The Mommy Club and The Pleasure of my Company , started on Confessions of a Shopoholic - finished watching CSI: season one. - watched Vanya on 42nd Street , which is an okay film. My first foray into Chekhov. The DVD has no extras, except three trailers for films that are not it. - went to church and sold tamales. - went to Nordstrom's with J and returned two pairs of (her) shoes. - worked on the VAVS stuff a bit - I have completed the first day of their meeting. - missed out on break-the-chain day by going to Borders. Oops! I had a coupon (and I didn't know it was break-the-chain day). - did laundry and watched my Sunday shows (except for Alias. Since that wasn't on, I watched Coyote Waits on PBS and recognized spots in Albuquerque.) Why do my weekends go by so quickly?

 I followed urlLink Mr. Astronomy Guy and googled "news you can use. or not". I didn't expect that my page would come up (and it doesn't). However, if you look up "Mr. Astronomy Guy", I'm the second link to come up. And if you look up "evso", my link comes up fourth. Funny, eh? I am still here at work, getting overtime. I would prefer to be at home, working on the job I have yet to finish! and getting overtime for that. But oh well.

 I've got to link to this (thanks to urlLink This Modern World ): urlLink Who wants to marry a Presidential candidate? It is a serious contest, but I promise you will laugh. You can't help it.

 Yesterday Allan at urlLink The Right Christians put up an urlLink entry with his argument about whether America is becoming more Christian or not. So of course, the comments made about this entry turn to abortion. Well, logically! It never ceases to amaze me how strongly people feel about abortion. You can be wishy-washy about everything else in your life, but I bet you still have a stance on abortion! I am pro-choice (come on, you already knew that), but I am not adamant about it. I respect your beliefs, as long as you keep your laws off my body! =) But seriously folks. . . everyone has a right to believe what they want. Well - escept for the pro-lifers who believe it's wrong to kill a fetus, but okay to kill a doctor. That just makes no sense to me. Sidenote: Ellen Goodman's column urlLink Partial birth, partial representation is worth reading, if you haven't already.

 urlLink Congratulations to Austin City Limits !

 Ha, ha! There is justice in the world. urlLink Ten Commandments Judge Removed From Bench

 Save 'Sisco' I'm the only person I know who watches Karen Sisco and I am afraid it is going to get cancelled. It really is a good show! urlLink Sisco skids I'm not as addicted to it as I am to Joan of Arcadia , but I will be disappointed if it gets cancelled. I like seeing tough broads on TV. . . *sigh*

 I watched the film The Shape of Things last night. I got it from Netflix because I love Nurse Betty (also directed by Neil Labute) and I adore Paul Rudd. It is a very disturbing film. I'm not sure if I liked it or not. I tried to do some work after it, but I kept thinking about it. It tries to make a point and I'm not sure it does it in the best way. If you are trying to say we dwell too much on appearances, why are all the cast members gorgeous? That's what I was thinking afterwards. I was sitting on my couch, listening to a VAVS planning meeting and thinking, "Why were both of the actresses so pretty, if that's the point he was trying to make?" So I don't know if I would recommend it, even though Paul Rudd is great in it. I'm just not sure. I am reading Boyhood by Coetzee (the guy who got the 2003 Nobel Prize for Literature) and I like it a sight better than the fiction of his I tried reading (it was about a professor who sleeps with a student - not my favorite topic). Boyhood is written in a fictional style about his childhood in South Africa. I am learning a good bit about class differences that I didn't know before. It is a pretty quick read and I would recommend it. Next on my list is The Mommy Club , The Pleasure of my Company , Saving the Corporate Soul , and The Transit of Venus - in that order. CD of the day: Sting, Fields of Gold .

 Hives? Last night I dreamt that I was over at Sookie's house with Sookie and Lorelei from Gilmore Girls , along with my pal K, who was also there for some reason. Anyway, I am over there baking cookies and visiting. While I am talking to this young man who has a heart necklace (which I recognize as like my own as a child) linked onto his leather jacket, one side of my mouth goes numb. It feels so strange, because I can't talk anymore. After a few minutes, the swelling goes down, and I start itching. I look in the bathroom mirror and see red welts all over me and realize I have hives. Of course, I then wake up feeling itchy. As far as I know, I've never had hives before. What does it mean that I would dream about having them? This week is crazy-busy. I am doing extra work at home, trying to finish the job at least half-way before I go out of town this weekend. I am going to visit J and we are going to the Galleria. And she mentioned taking me to a spa, which seems like such a perfect idea now. **BOOK NOTE** Yesterday I finished reading The Known World and I cannot recommend it enough. It is far from easy reading, but it is so well-done. The only complaint I have is that there are a few too many characters; I was almost done with the book and still getting names confused. Overlooking that, though - it is well worth checking out. It is basically about the legacy of a black man who ran his own plantation and owned his own slaves. You learn about his wife, his parents, his slaves, the town sheriff, the man who used to own him, the man who used to own him's progeny, etc. There was one spot especially that touched me so that I had to put the book down for a bit and think on it. Go check it out! The reason I did is because it is a urlLink National Book Award finalist . And I had read an article about the author in the NY Times (which I was going to link to, but I can't find it). edited because I found a link to an interview with the author!! urlLink Jeffrey Brown talks with National Book Award winner Edward Jones about The Known World.

 what I saw on the news this morning First off, I saw the video footage of Bush signing the horrid partial-birth abortion bill. Read urlLink this entry on Tom Paine that points out what I noticed. I love how these white middle-aged men are standing by their plan for what they think women should be restricted from doing. And in that vein, urlLink the building of a local Planned Parenthood clinic is in danger. Here's a great quote for you about Planned Parenthood: It's "a social movement that promotes sexual chaos, especially among our youth." I wonder what Margaret Sanger would think about that.

 I think I am going to switch comment systems. The one I have now is extremely slow to load. I was hesitating, but I do believe it is time to switch.

 the quick and the dead I agree with all eight of urlLink these points , so now I know I am definitely a Progressive Christian. I feel so modern. I looked up registered Progressive Presbyterian churches in Texas, and the only one listed is the one I went to in college. How cool is that! Grand Ave. rocks! Apparently some self-righteous conservative Southern Baptist bigwig has lashed out at this Center for Progressive Christianity. urlLink Read more about it here . The Rev. Dr. Mohler made the comment: "But liberal Christianity is not in need of a wake up call. The dead do not answer alarms." Therefore, I speak from the dead. As Allen at urlLink The Right Christians says: "I will gladly count myself among the dead. For "I" was buried with Christ by baptism into death. It is no longer "I" who lives but Christ who lives in me. " Amen.

 A neat piece by Jesse Jackson: urlLink Troops Suffer While Bush Cronies Make Out Like Bandits

 I got a call from the Blood and Tissue Center saying they are low on my blood type. That is really saying something, because I am A+, which is a pretty popular type. I realized after they called (and suckered me into coming in on Saturday) that I haven't donated blood since April! Ack! I used to be so good about doing it. In college, I gave enough to get a mug. I don't think I've given enough yet here, but I'm working up to it. I get to pet-sit this weekend for Rosie, my mom's long-haired chihuahua. She is so cute, but so spoiled. Last time I petsat for her, I had to let her sleep on my bed, because I couldn't get any peace otherwise. She can make some pretty pitiful noises. But overall, she is pretty easy to care for. I just have clean up my apartment beforehand. Blah. Last night I went to a fund development planning meeting/dinner for mdc. I spent most of the night standing and taking down the brainstorms on a big pad of paper. One of the ladies kept pointing at the pad when she thought I was being too idle. I was thinking, "Then you come up here and do it!!!" It's funny, I can be pretty bossy, but I hate when people boss me around. Unless I have a really close relationship to them. . . but even then I don't much like it. At work I have been recording some interviews put to minidisc onto 90 minute tapes. A local author is working on an AARP project and has been interviewing some fascinating people. The latest one he dropped by was named Clarence Fountain (who I realized must have been involved with the urlLink Blind Boys of Alabama ). His interview, at least the bits and pieces I was able to catch while working, was so amazing. I am blown away by how much faith certain people have in God and how they put it to work in their lives. I hope I am able to read the finished product of all these interviews. The bits and pieces I've heard all deal with segregation, the civil rights era, and growing up in the South. Back to work.

 Yay! urlLink My friend passed the Texas Bar.

 I just took this quiz and am ashamed of which ones I missed. But I still got some random stuff right! urlLink

 OH my God, this is so funny. urlLink WorkingForChange-This Modern World: President Baby!

 Ha ha! Thanks to Alternet: urlLink AlterNet: War on Iraq: News Log: Et tu, daddy?

 Cho and Chopin Earlier today I thought about joining Blogs4God, but then I read some sample blogs (along with the rules for adding a site) and I realize that I probably criticize the more evangelical Christians too much to share a search engine with them. This week will be hellacious. At least my weekend was pretty restful. I finished Margaret Cho's I'm the One that I Want in one night. It is a pretty basic read, but it made me very thankful for my pretty-much happy childhood. It is horrible when you think about what hell children put each other through. At least she is doing alright for herself now! More power to her. I talked to R last night and told her what I'd been up to in the past year and a half. My life sounded somewhat pitiful in summation like that. Overall, I don't think it is, but when you compare what I've been doing to going to law school, or going to med school and getting married, it doesn't seem like I've done anything very big. Oh well. I think I have grown in these past years, even though my accomplishments may seem minimal to me at this point. I keep feeling that what I'm doing just isn't enough. Enough of that rant. I'd like to make a sidenote here: I have gotten 2 emails wondering about Bill Murray's ringtone from Lost in Translation , referenced in this past urlLink post . To all who ask - it is from a work by Chopin, and on the T-Mobile site that I downloaded it from it is called "Fantasi Impromptu". I'm not sure if that is the correct title - I am more familiar with Chopin's sound than with the titles of his works. When I was in college, I would go to the music library and put on a CD of Chopin's works for piano to study to. Either that or Bernstein's Candide , Mozart's Marriage of Figaro or Gershwin's Piano-Roll compositions. Feel free to email me anytime - I hope this helps anybody who is wanting to know. CD of the day: Seal, IV . I've got "Love Divine" on repeat.

 I'm sorry I've been slack about posting. I cannot believe how busy I have been. Work has been just too crazy lately. For the past two days, I've been doing the jobs of two people (or so it seems). I don't know how late I'm going to be able to stay up tonight. I'll probably start napping at 11. And I can't forget to mention my Christmas present from the county - I've been approved for jury duty! Part of me is excited to do my civic duty; most of me is not. Okay - why I don't want to do jury duty: 1) I HATE parking downtown. 2) I'm afraid I'll get stuck with a really boring case/judge/attorney. When I was filling out my information online, I tried to sound more left-wing than I really am, but there's only so much I can do. I mentioned Amnesty International. Ah well. Maybe my situation will turn out to be like 12 angry men. I'll be the one who convinces everybody not to give the death penalty or something. What a happy note to end on. Happy New Year! I'll see you next year.

 Favorite Christmas Hymns: 1. Angels we have heard on high - I like the "Gloria" part. 2. In the bleak midwinter 3. Lo, how a rose e'er blooming 4. Lullay, Lullay 5. Still, still, still 6. Hark, the herald angels sing - especially the Charlie Brown version. 7. Ding dong! Merrily on high - more a British carol than American. I think of the "Vicar of Dibley" every time I hear it. 8. The first Noel 9. Good Christian Men/Friends, rejoice! 10. Silent Night

 Elizabeth's top 10 Christmas songs: 1. I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas , the Three Stooges version. 2. Christmas Time is Here , urlLink Charlie Brown Christmas soundtrack 3. The Shepherd's Farewell , by Berlioz. I like the Cambridge Singers performance of it. I think this song ties with Rutter's What Sweeter Music . Both are just lovely. 4. The Christmas Song , sung by Nat King Cole 5. Blue Christmas , covered by Sheryl Crow 6. Oh, Santa , Veggietales. 7. Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas , sung by Judy Garland 8. He Shall Feed His Flock/Come Unto Him , from Handel's Messiah . That ties with For unto us a child is born . 9. Dave Matthews' Christmas Song . I usually don't care for him, but this is a great song. That ties with Natalie Merchant's version of Children, go Where I Send Thee . 10. John Lennon's Happy Christmas/War is Over . I like Melissa Etheridge's version a lot. Favorite Christmas carols tomorrow. Best Christmas movies on Wednesday.

 Bush in 30 seconds This morning I ranked 20 of the 1,000 ads turned in to moveon.org for their urlLink Bush in 30 seconds contest. I would have ranked more, but they only let you rank 20 a day. Half of what I saw were very disturbing ads that made excellent points. Go sign up and see what you think. The top 15 ads will be judged by the celebrity panel. I haven't seen an awesome one yet, just a few very well-made ads, and some that have no clear message at all.

 toll those roads Yesterday I had to actually record a commission meeting for TXDoT. It felt great being in a room surrounded by a bunch of Texan Republicans, I tell you what. They are determined to set up a toll road system here. One of the commissioners, who is gung-ho about it, kept mentioning the governor. It was an interesting meeting and it could have been worse! I was only bored about 1/3 of the time. The rest of the time was quite informative. Most of the commissioners seemed to have good sense and I appreciated that. But that one commissioner - ugh. I hated recording that meeting. Luckily I got the rest of the day off when I finished. I was brain-dead by that point anyway - no use to anyone.

 Can someone explain this to me? You are Rizzo the Rat. You have few friends, but are loyal to those you do have. Maybe if you didn't smell like sewage you would have more. SPECIES: Rodentia Digesta Lotta Grub HOMETOWN: Brooklyn, USA FAVORITE MOVIE: "Rat On A Hot Tin Roof" FAVORITE SONG: "The Pest Is Yet To Come" FAVORITE FOOD: You got it, I'll eat it. HOBBIES: See "Favorite Food". QUOTE: "When do we eat?" urlLink What Muppet are you? brought to you by urlLink Quizilla

 My crazy sister waited from 11:30am for a 2:40pm showing of Return of the King . I'm sure it will be worth it for her - she is way more into the Lord of the Rings saga than I am. I never catch a movie on opening day, unless it is by accident.

 urlLink Yes, Virginia. . .

 I've pretty much decided that, come the new year, I am going to go church-hopping. I will get to see how different faiths celebrate God, and perhaps find a church home that I feel comfortable with. Right now, I am uncomfortable at my church for various reasons. One of them being that I dislike the service going over an hour. I believe in the efficiency of time. If we are going to have communion every Sunday (which we are, pretty much), then the time for the rest of the service should be planned accordingly. I went to a Lutheran church in Minnesota and they handled it very well. The sermons were well-put and to-the-point. They didn't speak down to the congregation, but affirmed the open quality of the church. There was communion every Sunday and the services just flowed. There was lovely music and community. I really miss that church. =( Anyway, I hate to leave my church, because most of the congregation is like family to me, I am supposed to be representing my church on the board of MDC, and my parents won't be able to take me out for lunch after church. But it just isn't working. Worship is not supposed to be so frustrating. I won't move my membership - at least not for a while. This is such a hard decision to come to, but I really have to. I'm going to visit Episcopalian, Lutheran and maybe Methodist churches. Perhaps I'll get up the nerve to visit a synagogue. I am slightly nervous about this decision, because I am moving from the familiar. I am moving from a situation where I am known by most of the congregation to visiting where no one knows me. We'll see how it goes.

 urlLink NCC USA Statement on the Capture of Saddam Hussein

 urlLink a comic conundrum on Fountains of Wayne I just discovered this strip today. We don't get it down here. If you are wondering how they came up with their band name, it is from a storefront in Wayne, NJ. It isn't as prosaic as it may seem. But it is a cool band name! I believe the store sells sprinklers and such (obviously fountains).

 In my humble opinion. . . The fact that we captured Saddam doesn't really change anything. We are still going to be stuck over there for-freaking-ever. My cousin (who was supposed to be getting out of the army this year) and others in his group are made to stay in the force for a longer period of time so they can be sent to Iraq. So we have Saddam? This doesn't change the fact that we went to Iraq under false pretenses. We were told that he had weapons of mass destruction (which we have yet to find). There is no link between Iraq and al-Queda, no matter what this administration or the corporate media wants us to believe. I think we know the reason we went over there and it starts with a big O . This won't decrease our chances of being attacked by more terrorists, in Iraq or out. It won't affect the candidates for the presidency, or their campaigns. urlLink Here are some suggestions for the Dems . Don't get me wrong, I'm glad we caught him. He was a bad man. But this capture doesn't get us out of the mess we are mired in. And we are terribly, incredibly mired.

 Hello, is it me you're looking for? Random thoughts: 1) How can it already be Tuesday? 2) Thanks to L, the best sister ever, for putting three of my four chairs together. I now have a table, and if you're in the neighborhood, you might be able to come over to dinner now. 3) My car is losing its tamale smell from Friday. That's what I get for delivering 60 dozen tamales. I have a dozen chicken for myself, but I don't know when I'll be able to eat them. Well, they freeze for a while. 4) This was my weekend: wake up on Saturday, go to rehearsal at the church. Go workout at gym, shower, go to library, go to friends' house for dinner and watch Holiday Affair and A Muppet Christmas Carol , read and go to sleep. Wake up, go to church, rehearse, eat quick lunch, go back to church, sing at concert, go to reception, do laundry, read and go to sleep. Does that count as a weekend? I need more me-time in there for it to count. 5) I have two-thirds of my Christmas cards done. I wrote them last night on my new table with the end of Metropolis on in the background. I couldn't think of what to write in them without sounding braggy or stupid, so most of them just say, "Merry Christmas and best of luck for the new year. love, Elizabeth =)".

 I've just added a new icon on the left - urlLink White House for Sale . The site was started by Public Citizen and has all you ever wanted to know about the ludicrous amounts of money Bush is raising to try and keep himself in office. It just galls me that there are people who want to give it to him! Thanks to urlLink Tom Paine for the link.

 urlLink Critic's Notebook: Far-Flung Opera Lovers Hope to Tune in Next Time A reaction to ChevronTexaco's ending support of the Met radio programs. Not that I listen to them all of the time -- I was just raised on them. I hope they can figure out some way to keep them going. It would be mighty sad to lose them.

 This is maddening information: urlLink TOMPAINE.com - Playing The Numbers It seems that the Iraqi Health Ministry will stop counting Iraqi civilian casualties. Gosh, I'm so glad that the war is over. Isn't life grand?

 Ha Ha! They deserve to lose money! Oh wait - that's our money Halliburton is stealing. urlLink Pentagon Finds Halliburton Overcharged

 Thanks to Allen for this link: urlLink Bush's Religious Language I want to know why God should look on us more favorably than other nations, considering the damage the USA is doing to God's creation (among other things!). I wonder if Bush has thought of that. If Bush really thought that we deserved God's favor, shouldn't he do his best to work for it? Stam makes the point that: "Given that state of sublime innocence in his own country, like Adam and Eve in paradise, Bush can muster only one explanation for the terrorists' hatred of his nation: "There are people who hate freedom." In other words, they are so evil that they abhor the good because it is good. (But if the terrorists hate freedom, why have they not attacked Canada, which in some respects is more democratic than the United States? Why is there not the same hatred for Switzerland, Holland or Costa Rica?)" This article makes so many good points. Go read it already.

 urlLink She looks so professional . I wonder how her trip to the Virgin Islands turned out. I haven't talked to J since we called off our shopping trip to the Galleria. I'll try calling her this weekend and see how that goes. I'd like our friendship to stick, but I'm unsure if she wants it to, you know? *sigh*

 urlLink IHT: Iraq contract ban angers U.S. allies And in regards to that, here's a funny entry on the idiocy of this administration: urlLink An Awkward Position Seriously, people! What are you thinking?!!

 urlLink IHT: Detained at the whim of the president An article regarding the judicial process and Guantanamo Bay.

 He shall feed His flock The choir concert is this Sunday afternoon. I am singing the alto solo"O Thou, That Tellest Good Tidings" and the first part of "He Shall Feed His Flock". I tend to get nervous singing alone in front of people. However, since I will be holding music, I don't think it will be too bad. I hope it won't be bad - b/c "O Thou" is a freaking LONG solo and I don't want my voice to get shaky anytime during it.

 I read that he sang "You Can Call Me Al" at a party one night urlLink Ex-Sen. Paul Simon of Illinois Dies at 75 What sad news. He was my kind of Democrat, and even made a cameo in one of my favorite presidential films - Dave .

 I'm sure you've already heard by now, but this is extremely big news for the Democratic party and definitely increases Dean's chances for the nomination. urlLink Gore Endorses Dean for Party Nomination Before this, he didn't have much support from party bigwigs. I am so surprised and a little happy that Gore has done this. It is somewhat shocking that he doesn't support Lieberman, since he had chosen him for VP. I think Gore just realized that Dean has the financial support and the grassroots support that no other candidate can really depend on. And that Lieberman is too conservative to get the liberal vote. Here's a urlLink link to Dean's blog if you want to read more about it.

 urlLink Angels in America I watched the three hours of Angels in America last night that I had recorded on Sunday. It is a pretty amazing work. I am impressed with all the actors, expecially the stage actors in it I had never seen before. I got very engrossed in it, except for a few tedious parts when Al Pacino's character was talking. I want to read more from Tony Kushner now. Or rather -- see more of his plays. Did anybody recognize Tony Kushner and Maurice Sendak as the two rabbis by Meryl Streep in the graveyard? I was only looking for them since I read an article a few weeks ago about Maurice Sendak and there was a picture of the three of them. The IMDB don't list them in the cast, so I went and added them. I can't wait to see the rest of it.

 I hit 1,000! There have been 1,000 hits to my blog since I started it in March! Thanks to my loyal readers -- all three of you. =) Here's to 1,000 more!

 Humor for your day You must now go to urlLink Google , type in "miserable failure", and press "I'm feeling lucky". I promise you - you won't be sorry.

 urlLink Don't shop at Home Depot Urgh. I got tired of Home Depot after my almost-daily visits during Americorps. For those of you who still go there, maybe the above link will change your mind. You should really frequent your local hardware store anyway. Keep those small operations in business and help your local economy.

 Yesterday evening I went to the store right after work to pick up bread for a pot-luck dinner. This old (obviously Republican) guy in front of me in line started talking to the clerk about how he had to buy out-of-town newspapers, because he didn't trust the "communist" local paper. I actually started giggling behind him in line. How could I not? While he thinks the local paper is too-left swinging, I think it is a tad too conservative. I guess they must be doing something right. Anyway, I wanted to tell this guy that the reason he likes the out-of-town papers is because they are owned by different corporations than the local one. The idea of the local paper being run by communists made me want to laugh out loud. I think the clerk checking him out did a good job of keeping a good face. The people behind me weren't even paying attention, which was slightly disappointing.

 Metropolis I caught Metropolis on TCM this morning while getting ready for work. What an amazing film. The special effects are awesome, considering what the director had to work with at the time. The music is great, too. I'm not sure what I thought of all the stereotypes in it though: the ignorant workers eager to rally behind anyone, the idle rich who are obsessed with sex, the pious woman, the handsome hero, etc. Now that I think about it, pretty much all the characters are more archetypal than stereotypical. It's on my Netflix queue, so I have to wait to judge the entire film.

 Show your independent spirit The 2004 Independent Spirit award nominations are up. urlLink Check it out . Both Lost in Translation and Pieces of April are up for at least a couple, and Whale Rider is up for best foreign film.

 I found this through LinkLasso at the Statesman: urlLink statesman.com | Rural Americans twice as likely as urbanites to die in Iraq war I don't know what it means, but it is very disturbing.

 Thanks to urlLink Jane for the notice about the sale at the Chronicle Books website (it ends today). I got the second trilogy by Nick Bantock, which I could never afford at regular price. I'm so excited. I already have the Griffin and Sabine trilogy. I remember the first one I read - in Honors Chemistry, my close friend in high school Genny let me borrow it. I loved the voyeouristic feeling I got from reading the beautiful postcards and notes. It was such a thrill to open a letter in a book - kinda like a pop-up book for adults. And the art is just gorgeous in the whole series! My sister gave me a set of G and S postcards a few years back and I haven't used any of them because they are so pretty. Thanks, Jane!

 I might get a puppy for Christmas! This means I need to re-plan my apartment. Hmm.

 I watched Tully last night, a simple and beautiful film. I bawled through the last few minutes and most of the credits - probably because the actor who played the dad looked so much like my dead grandfather. Overall, it is a sweet film with great acting (although there are no big actors in it - they are all semi-recognizable). It is hard to believe it is directed by a woman, because she deals so well with the relationship between the main family in the film (all males). I would definitely recommend it. Plus - on the DVD there is an extra short film called The Third Date which is really cute. It bears no resemblance to Tully - except they were both directed by women. If you are a diehard fan of 24 you should see it, because it has both Sarah Clarke and Xander Berkeley in it. Overall - worth checking out.

 urlLink AlterNet: HIGHTOWER: Bush's Bubble

 I know what someone is getting for Christmas and they will be very surprised!!

 I didn't buy nothing I don't know why, but I always forget about Buy Nothing Day! I remember a few days before, but then I forget. So I went shopping this Friday. Honestly, I really needed to. I had pre-ordered X2 and then cancelled it since it wasn't even sent out by Tuesday evening. I went to Best Buy on Friday (quel nightmare) and bought it. It's so awesome! I also saw Elf on Friday. And you should go see it if you haven't already. I think I laughed about every five minutes, at least. It is very quotable and I was able to see the kid from The Christmas Story . He plays an elf and I almost missed him. "You'll shoot your eye out!" I was asked to be vice-president of the board of MDC. When considering the position, one of the first things I thought of was, now I have something to put in the alumni magazine! I don't want to think too much about what that says about me. I do know that I'm not gonna have any wedding or babies anytime soon, so I should enjoy the items I can brag about. I am going to take the position. I wonder what the rest of the board will think, b/c you really can only go up from VP. I talked to the incoming president about her goals for MDC, and I'm trying to come up with all of mine. My main goal is to fix the web page. The current page is outdated, has lots of dead links and doesn't really represent what MDC is all about. I talked to S last night (for two hours) and he gave me some good recommendations to work with. I don't know why I'm trying to fit my Thanksgiving weekend into a single blog entry, but I think I've done an okay job of it. Here's a cool link related to Buy Nothing Day and simplifying your holiday: urlLink Simplify the Holidays - the Center for a New American Dream

 I vote because I can And because years ago, women couldn't. urlLink National Council of Women's Organizations Read their ABCs of Women's Issues voter's guide (I'd link straight to it, but it's a PDF file).

 Another woman who thinks urlLink Judy Dean rocks .

 Too funny not to pass on urlLink EVIL COMMUNIVERSITY

 So long, Jack A few years ago they did a show on Jack Paar on PBS. I believe it might have been on American Masters . Anyway, I never got to watch him on TV, as he was before my time. It seems I missed out. urlLink Anyone That Funny Is Entitled to Cry: By DICK CAVETT

 I take on the Oscar noms First of all, I am very happy with the nominations this year. They almost make me have faith in the Academy's system. Happy surprises: 4. Patricia Clarkson nominated for Pieces of April . I was sure that since this was such a small film, she wouldn't be recognized. I loved this film and her performance, so this made me happy. 3. Four Oscar nominations for Finding Nemo . I knew it would be nominated for Best Animated Film, but was very glad that it was also nominated for Best Music, Original Screenplay, and Sound Editing. Yay! 2. Keisha Castle-Hughes nominated for Whale Rider . This amazed me. Her performance was great, but I figured since the movie came out so long ago, she didn't have a chance (even for supporting actress)! It's probably a long-shot for her to win, but it would be great if she did. 1. THE BIGGEST SHOCKER - The academy nominated "A Kiss at the End of the Rainbow" from A Mighty Wind for Best Song. I prefer "When You're Next to Me", but I'm so excited that they recognized this film in any way. I hope Mitch and Mickey get to perform it on Oscar night. That alone is worth watching for. Seriously. urlLink Full list of Oscar nominees

 urlLink Capturing the Friedmans I had jury selection yesterday. Long story short - I didn't get picked to be on the jury for a real estate law case. I got to my apartment about 4pm and had time to start watching the DVD of Capturing the Friedmans I had just gotten from Netflix in the mail. This film is so engrossing. There are so many different viewpoints discussed, and it is up to you to decide what you think. The filmmakers don't judge for you. It deserves all the laud it has gotten; it's just that good. It's up for an Oscar, and I hope it wins. I'm going to finish watching it (again) tonight, but this time with the director's commentary on. It just fascinates me that when they started work on this film it was going to be about New York City clowns, but it turned into something much more vital. It is about Arnie and Jesse and the allegations made against them, but it is also about the family and how this basically brought them to a breaking point. Rent the DVD or buy it and see what you think.

 A sad day urlLink Bob Keeshan, Captain Kangaroo, Dies at 76

 note on Clark Clark is now on my not-to-vote-for list since I found out about his support/work for the School of the Americas. urlLink General Wesley Clark on Defensive on School of the Americas (SOA/WHISC), Once Under His Command So now my list is something like this: 1) Dean 2) Edwards 3) Kerry 4) Kucinich and if I have to: 5) Sharpton 6) Clark 7) Leiberman I have to admit, I'd still vote for Clark over Bush. In this race, I'm a yellow-dog Democrat; I'd rather vote for a yellow dog than Bush.

 stop picking on Dean I am simply tired of the press and their treatment of the candidates. It is just ridiculous. I didn't get to see the urlLink Deans interviewed by Diane Sawyer because I was watching urlLink Frontline . I'm reading through the transcript of the interview and I just can't believe it. After the Dixie Chicks fiasco of an interview, my respect for Diane was low, but now it is pretty much nonexistent. She spent a good part of the interview discussing his temper. Give me a break. True, since the hideous scream incident, I've lost a little respect for him. Just the teensiest bit. But he's still my first choice, and I think the media just need to get over it. Anyone who has seen him speak knows how dynamic he is. He shouts into the mike because he is so angry at what has been done to this country. I am glad he gets emotional, because that is how I feel. I am so disturbed by what Bush has done to us, and I want a candidate that represents that. edit: Okay, urlLink this is funny. I am glad Dean can laugh at himself. We all know Bush can't. edit edit: urlLink The Phony Dean 'Meltdown' . More on the scream heard round the media world.

 It's too darn hot. urlLink Dancer Ann Miller Dies of Cancer at 81

 This is the greatest site: urlLink Help Me, Bubby!

 I hope I didn't get someone fired! I received this from AG Edwards this afternoon: Date: Thu, 22 Jan 2004 12:04:33 -0600 From: AGEDWARDS.com Subject: Your E-mail To: me A G Edwards has received your recent correspondence. A G Edward's policy prohibits obscene and other inappropriate communications. Appropriate actions are being taken regarding the e-mail you furnished. We appreciate your concern. Associate Vice President & Client Service Representative A G Edwards & Sons Inc re: urlLink previous entry I feel kinda bad now. But if you're gonna write an obscene message, you shouldn't do it on company e-mail. I think that's just a given.

 so who supports Bush's plans? urlLink Not the fiscal conservatives .

 I do want to comment on Bush's statement on the institution of marriage. Was he thinking about what he was saying? Here is the comment I want to point out (taken straight from urlLink the White House site ): "If judges insist on forcing their arbitrary will upon the people. . ." Can we talk, here? As soon as I heard this, I thought, 'They already did! Because of the arbitrary will of judges, we have you in office.' My mom and I kept calling each other during the speech to laugh and complain about it. With this statement, she thought he was saying that we should just abolish the judicial branch of government. I just can't believe that statement.

 "the whim of one brutal man" I did indeed watch the State of the Union speech last night. I had my Tom Paine scorecard in front of me and on the other side of it, I actually took notes. Here are my notes, in all their glory: NUCLEAR terrorists v. civilized world Patriot Act an essential tool Democrats clapped at comment on expiration of Patriot Act "nucular"!! Afghanistan a free nation we "enforced the demands of the United Nations" Bull. BULL "the whim of one brutal man" never mind the lies . . . we'll applaud them away. "liberation of Iraq" the facts Ted Kennedy shaking his head. "Al Salvador" (who's he?) "America will never seek a permission slip" forward strategy of freedom National Endowment for Democracy "no ambitions of empire"??!!? American people using $ better than gov. would have growing prosperity of country relief from federal regulation? "I oppose amnesty" "meet my veto" association health plans he talks about drugs?!!? school drug testing abstinence $ steroid use?? institution of marriage the will of judges!! sick pandering a-- "Ashley Pierson" say thanks but cut their benefits Where is this $ coming from? Iraq - too many times Sept. 11 - at least 3 Don't use God! He doesn't (only) belong to you. I was planning on writing something here, but there is just too much to go off on. Seriously. I thought the Democratic response was well-said. I'm glad Nancy Pelosi mentioned that the reasons we went to war are unclear.

 you are in Io-way After the caucus results I had to look up how the system works. Here's an article with a somewhat silly approach, but it works. urlLink Like jury duty? You'll love caucuses I was surprised by the results in Iowa, especially the placing of Edwards (and the upcoming campaign-ending for Gephardt). I think people make the caucuses a bigger deal than they really are. But good for Iowa to get all that publicity every 4 years. I think New Hampshire will show us the real thing. And if that's Kerry, so be it. As long as it ain't Lieberman!!! I am hoping for Dean, obviously, as I link to his site from mine. I think he's got a good chance, as long as the press gets off his back. I studied the media and its treatment of politics in college, and that was before Fox News. Or at least before it got so popular. The way the press treats candidates fascinates me and disgusts me sometimes. They pick an early candidate and turn against him (except Bush - he can do no wrong). The thing about living in Texas is that I seriously doubt I'll get to see any political ads. I love analyzing those.

 I just wrote an email to A G Edwards after reading an email sent from a worker there to Margaret Cho. One would think that he would be smart enough to use an internet based email address for his hate mail, but it appears not. If you would like to read all the angry hate mail Margaret Cho got for speaking her mind at the MoveOn event, here you go: urlLink Margaret's being attacked from the right The e-mail I wrote in regards to is in the middle of the page. It basically makes comments about Democrats and oral sex. I signed my e-mail, a possible customer. I commented that they should at least discourage him using his office e-mail for such offense.

 way too funny urlLink This week's This Modern World The thing about the Almanacs just slays me. Man oh man. It is hilarious.

 how sweet urlLink An interview from People with Howard Dean and Judith Steinberg Dean It was very interesting to read this interview after reading Maureen Dowd's opinion of Ms. Dean. I myself think that she has the right to do whatever she wants. She has her priorities in order. I'm sure she is doing more good in her office than she would on the campaign trail. She seems soft-spoken, but Dowd's article portrays her as some "hippie" wife. Yeesh. urlLink Dowd's article

 thoughts on SxSW I'm going to attempt to volunteer at South by Southwest. I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it time-wise, since I have to take into account how many vacation hours I have (two weeks worth) and that I have to plan for jury duty (unknown period of time) and a short trip to New Mexico sometime this summer. But I would LOVE to be at SxSW. I've wanted to go for a while, but it's freakin' expensive. So if I volunteer, I get a free shirt and passes to events depending on how many hours I volunteer. I hope it works out for me to do it.

 The winners of the Bush in 30 seconds ads were chosen last night. You can check them out urlLink here . I was a little disappointed that "In My Country" didn't win. I loved the way it struck the point home. But "Child's Pay" is a really good ad too, so I'll accept it.

 I found this at Ann Telnaes' site and had to share with you. urlLink

 All women are the same Or so they say in Cosi fan tutte . I went with M yesterday afternoon to see the opera and we were both surprised to see our mutual high school friend Kirk in it. Kirk went with me to my prom, and then went to college in Vermont. He is a great actor and playwright, so I assumed he would move on to New York from there. But I guess he is back here in Austin! Both M and I wished we had binoculars for the opera. It was very funny, with a few too many arias and not enough Despina. The man behind our seats started snoring at one point in the first act. Both M and I had to smile at that. I was going to nudge his knee if he kept on doing it, but his seatmate must have done so, because he stopped. Afterwards, M and I went to Kerbey Lane to discuss Kirk, politics, New Orleans and time. A great Sunday evening.

 Madonna supports Wesley Clark? I can't decide whether that's a good or bad thing. urlLink Seeking Women's Votes, Clark Changes His Style

 Ramble on Don't tell anyone, but I'm working on my resume this weekend. I think you know what that means. I'm also giving blood, going to the opera ( Cosi fan tutte ) with M, church-hopping, and probably reading. I made bread last weekend and it turned out really well. Two loaves have lasted me all week. It's a nice sourdough bread, and it should be for the amount of time it took me to make it. Does anyone have any recipes for sourdough starter (besides bread)?

 Every little bit helps! Please do what you can. Copied from today's SojoMail (from urlLink Sojourners ): Respond to Iran's earthquake The following agencies - among many other worthy organizations - are accepting donations for relief efforts following the devastating earthquake centered near Bam, Iran. Church World Service: urlLink http://www.churchworldservice.org/news/archives/2003/12/148.html International Red Cross: urlLink http://www.ifrc.org/helpnow/donate/donate_iran.asp Mennonite Central Committee: urlLink http://www.mcc.org/respond/rapid_respond/iran/index.html Mercy Corps: urlLink http://www.mercycorps.org/iran/ National Iranian American Council: urlLink http://www.niacouncil.org/iranquake.asp World Relief: urlLink http://www.wr.org/feature_stories/view.asp?id=30000069 World Vision: urlLink http://www.worldvision.org/worldvision/pr.nsf/stable/iran_20031226?Open&cmp=OTC-1293253&campaign=1293253

 My first fan e-mail The other day I got an email saying: Hi, I like you and I think I have a crush on you!!! Greetings from Amsterdam, Holland! I just want to say now, I have no problem receiving this kind of e-mail. So keep it coming. Of course, deep discussion is also welcome. =) Add-on: And I'm still getting asked about Bill Murray's ringtone from Lost in Translation . Someone found me through Google to ask me about it. I googled "Lost in Translation Bill Murray ringtone" and I am the sixth link to come up. Who knew?

 urlLink AlterNet: Unelectable, My Ass! Arianna Huffington compares Dean's campaign with that of Bobby Kennedy. It seems an accurate comparison to me after reading her evidence.

 Ack! ack! ack! urlLink Court upholds new congressional districts Appeal, appeal, appeal. Please.

 Thanks, NPR! I actually paid attention to a presidential debate today. We had a cleaning day at the office and I listened to the debate while cleaning/organizing the copy room. Both Kucinich and Leiberman made excellent points today when discussing the impact their faith has on their politics. I completely agreed with them. If you are a religious person of any kind, your religion impacts your politics. Even Gephardt said he believes in the "gospel of helping the poor". Leiberman made the point that we cannot let Republicans think they OWN religion. I am disappointed in Dean when it comes to this point. He said, my religion doesn't affect my politics. Mine does, and I'm not ashamed to say it. Democrats need to face the fact that the majority of Americans believe that their religion is important to who they are. We need to learn to deal with this in some way or fashion. Religion does not equal bad. Closed-minded people are bad, but religion is not.

 and the finalists are. . . I'm pretty happy with the 15 finalists for the urlLink Bush in 30 Seconds contest. I gave high scores to urlLink In My Country , "Bush's Repair Shop", and "Child's Pay". I think "In My Country" is my favorite of all of them. It's scary good. I'm disappointed that the "Al Keyda" ad isn't in there. It was so funny, but really not very funny at the same time.

 The best exhibit ever On New Year's Day, L and I drove down to Houston to see the exhibit there of works from New York's MoMA. We had to wait in long lines. The exhibit was more crowded than WalMart on a weekend. I could barely see "Starry Night" and wasn't able to see Dali's "Persistence of Memory" at all. BUT IT WAS WORTH IT!!!! My new favorites (in no particular order): Henri Rousseau's urlLink The Dream Robert DeLauney's urlLink Simultaneus contrasts: sun and moon Edward Hopper's New York Movie - so haunting. Picasso's urlLink Girl Before a Mirror Roy Lichtenstein, urlLink Girl Drowning Jasper John's urlLink Map, 1978. Chagall's urlLink I and the village and there was another painting that I loved of a woman who was the painter's wife. It was brown and gold and lovely, but I can't remember the painter or the title of the painting!! I should have written it down. It was from the early 20th century, placed near the Rousseau and the Munch. I loved it.

 urlLink Some in G.O.P. Cool to Gay Marriage Ban My favorite quote from the article: "Senator John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, a main Senate advocate of the amendment, expressed a similar view. "We cannot simply sit idly by, in my opinion, and let activist judges radically redefine the institution of marriage when it stands in stark relief and defiance of the will of the American people," he said." (I added emphasis.) They are taking their time to get more votes, apparently. I can't decide if this is a good or bad thing in the long run. I can say, I don't think it's going to help Bush, as nothing will be decided by November. As for this quote, I don't think this amendment will represent the will of the American people. I can't believe Cornyn beat urlLink Ron Kirk !!! Waaa. I went to an Ash Wednesday service with my church-hopping friends last night and we discussed this issue. M and B tend to vote Republican, but apparently this amendment endorsement by Bush is the last straw. As B pointed out, though, Kerry isn't against the amendment either. I guess there's always Nader to vote for. . .

 Disturbing News urlLink Rapes Reported by Servicewomen in the Persian Gulf and Elsewhere "The latest accusations are the most extensive set of sexual misconduct charges since the Navy's Tailhook incident of 1991 and the Army's drill sergeant scandal about five years later. . . "Lawmakers said they were particularly appalled by reports that women serving in roles from military police to helicopter pilots had been assaulted by male colleagues in remote combat zones like Iraq and Afghanistan, where immediate medical treatment and a sense of justice seemed to be lacking." This news is very troubling. It looks like I have my Senator Hutchison to thank for helping bring this story to light. I guess she is doing some good in DC. More information is in the article.

 more thoughts on the gay marriage ban amendment Thanks to Josh at urlLink Talking Points Memo for providing a link to this commentary by Patti Davis: urlLink Wedded Bliss . She states, "The irony of our times is that the one group of peoplegays who passionately want to get married are slamming into a wall built of political concerns, legislative wrangling, right-wing religiosity (an oxymoron if I ever heard one), and oddly enraged TV pundits who seem to think the world will come to an end if two people of the same sex join in holy matrimony. . . "Whenever I hear about the furor over gay marriage, and whenever I step back and look at how tentative and wary we are about love (Im including myself in that one) I wonder the same thing: What is it about love that frightens us so much? . . . "The harder question is: What is frightening about a same-sex couple standing forth in front of the world and making their commitment to one another public? Is the happiness of others really so threatening? Maybe the bravery is whats threatening. I dont know if I could stand up to societys wrath in the name of love. I hope I could, but as a straight woman, Ill never be tested on that one." A very well-written commentary worth reading. And Josh himself writes an urlLink entry that makes some excellent points: "The truth is that this is all for the president. Most politicians see this as a highly-charged, divisive issue best left to states and localities to hash out amongst themselves until some sort of rough consensus emerges either nationally or from region to region. . . ". . . I think it's possible that more than a few voters who are uneasy about gay marriage or downright opposed to it won't appreciate the president's willingness to trash the country and the constitution just because his domestic and international policies are in a shambles." I heard on urlLink NPR this morning clips from interviews with different members of Congress, all expressing hesitancy to do anything quickly in regards to this amendment proposal. Even former Senate Majority leader Trent Lott said this would have to go slow. I think this just backs up what Josh Marshall is saying. There is no way this proposed amendment can be dealt with at the speed Bush would prefer. Lott was talking about it being summertime before they could really do anything with it. urlLink MoJo blog has an entry on the faulty comparisons being made between Mayor Newsom and Judge Roy Moore (I'd link specifically to it, but they aren't set up for it yet): "As for Kurtz' assertion that judges have "refused to swiftly shut down" Newsom, let's consider the timeline of Moore's legal odyssey: August 1, 2001 -- Moore unveils his monument, which he had surreptitiously installed without informing his fellow justices. October 30, 2001 -- Two civil rights groups -- the ACLU and Americans United for Separation of Church and State -- file suit in federal court seeking the rock's removal. October 15, 2002 -- The trial begins. December 20, 2002 -- U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson issues a permanent injunction, demanding the removal of the monument by January 3, 2003. August 5, 2003 -- Following an appeal, Thompson issues a bench order requiring the monument be removed within 15 days. August 18, 2003 -- Moore declares he will defy Thompson's order. August 25, 2003 -- Moore is suspended. September 29, 2003 -- Moore files appeal with Supreme Court. November 3, 2003 -- Supreme Court declines to hear Moore's appeal. November 13, 2003 -- Moore is removed from office. February 1, 2004 -- Moore appeals his removal. "Math was never my strong suit, but August 2001 to August 2003 is 24 months, right? Two years? So, if conservatives really believe that Newsom is no different than Moore, they must be prepared to give the state and federal courts until 2006 to settle the same-sex-marriage issue. Right? Right?" edit: urlLink WorkingForChange-Fiore Presents: Attack of the Gay Agenda - animation regarding the "gay agenda".

 Never mind, I won't be watching it at all Apparently all the critics agree on one thing; Gibson's movie The Passion is overly violent. I can barely handle the flogging in Jesus Christ Superstar , so I don't think I'm going to be able to watch this film. Here's a link to one review: urlLink RollingStone.com: Movies: Reviews: The Passion of Christ The reviewer has this to say: "So graphic are the torture scenes -- flayings, a crown of thorns, whips with barbed metal tips, nails driven into hands and feet -- that the film seems like the greatest story ever told by the Marquis de Sade. " He also says there is a scene where a tear from God falls from heaven in a melodramatic style. If there is one thing I can't stand in a movie besides violence, it is sentimental mush. And I'm sorry, but that sounds completely hokey to me! What with all the controversy and bitterness surrounding this film, it was doubtful I would catch it. But now that I've read such reviews, I have no desire whatsoever to watch it. I'll still comment on it though. . . edit: because I overuse the same words and I can't spell movie.

 I wanted to link to this, but they don't have a way to link to a specific entry. Here's a part of the funny, but not so funny, entry on Rod Paige: "On Monday, Education Secretary Ron Paige declared that the National Education Association, the country's largest teachers' union, urlLink is a "terrorist organization" because it opposes the No Child Left Behind Act. "The White House quickly swept up after Paige, saying the secretary misspoke and was deeply sorry for doing so. But it seems that Ron's little slip provides a certain insight into how strategic this administration has become in using the T word and the dread it inspires in most Americans. What's next? Hollywood figures slammed for being terrorist sympathisers (oh, wait... urlLink that's happened ). Civil libertarians and rights advocates investigated as threats to national security (hmmm... that's happened, too). It's so comforting to know that we've put the un-American practices of McCarthyism in our past." Read the MoJo Blog online for more: urlLink http://www.motherjones.com/news/blog/index.html

 This really comes as no surprise urlLink Bush to Back Gay Marriage Ban Amendment I am disappointed in him. Well, not that I ever had much respect for or faith in him in the first place. I don't think this is a good idea. I hope the urlLink San Francisco suit does something to stop the politicians in DC from making this a human rights issue. It will become that if indeed the national government does ban gay marriage.

 The Passion, and all the meaning it carries Yesterday I went to a workshop sponsored by local Christian and Jewish congregations that focused on The Passion . In the end, the focus was less on the film and more on the story of the Passion and all it means to Jews and Christians. Presentations were made by two preachers and two rabbis and then we broke up into smaller groups. There was an extremely large turnout, so the smaller groups were a bit too big to have a discussion in depth. Points of interest about the presentations: One rabbi said that he refuses to help Christian churches lead a seder dinner because the ones he would help with would always make Christological references to the symbols of the dinner. This surprised me - I have done many seder dinners in my local church, at college and at the Lutheran church I attended in MN, and NEVER have I heard Christological references made. The story of the seder dinner is about the Passover, and it was never made to mean anything more. This rabbi also remarked that we are two religions separated by a common text. Another rabbi suggested that we consider the one symbol that Jews and Christians share - that of the egg. During the passover dinner, you use a hard-boiled egg, and of course, eggs are hunted for at Easter. Eggs represent hope and new beginnings for both religions. A Catholic priest glossed over why the Passion is important to the Christian faith and why the cross is such a relevant symbol to us as Christians. A Methodist preacher discussed the historical inaccuracies of the Gospel and how Pontius Pilate the man was very different from his presentation in the Gospels. In the Gospels, Pilate is very reticent to kill Jesus, entrusting the people with his fate. However, historical writings portray Pilate as a man very sure of himself and quick to punish. In the breakout sessions, the Jews in our group shared their experiences of hate, of anti-semitism. It pained me to hear stories of children's hate - of people feeling their heads for horns, of children calling others "Christkiller". The Jews I heard mentioned their fear of The Passion sparking violence against Jews by Christians. It was pointed out by one of our discussion leaders that we as Christians believe that we are responsible for Christ's death, in that He did it to save us. This seemed new to the Jews in the room, who have been blamed by others for Christ's death. They said that Easter was the worst time, because kids would come back from their Good Friday services and abuse could be expected. I can't put two and a half hours into a blog entry very well, but these were the ideas and thoughts that most struck me. As far as this movie goes, I don't want to see it in the theatre. I haven't seen any Jesus film in the theatre yet, and I'm going to keep it that way. If the critics like it, I may rent it. Really, I just don't know what to think about it. I thought that the film was controversial because of the line Caiaphus supposedly says, "It is we who have done this". Really, the whole idea of the Passion is what makes Jews uncomfortable beacuse of the abuse and acts of hatred they associate with it. Well, I can only speak for what I heard. I am glad I was able to participate in such a dialogue, although I didn't speak at all in the small sessions. It was very educational, and somewhat paining at the same time. I can only hope that the dialogue continues.

 Ack! urlLink Nader to Announce Sunday His Presidential Plans My favorite quote is about Terry McAuliffe: "he told Nader that his legacy should not become eight years of Bush as president."

 Texas Republicans in trouble This morning on KUT (Okay, I'm an NPR-freak) I heard that Tom DeLay is getting in trouble for his work with a PAC. urlLink More here . The Fort Worth paper says, "a grand jury (is) investigat(ing) accusations that a Republican group founded by U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Sugar Land, illegally funneled corporate money into the 2002 campaign to gain a GOP majority in the Texas House of Representatives." You can imagine how fascinated I now am with this story. urlLink Here's what I heard this morning .

 urlLink 'Let Love Rule' Above, a link to urlLink Derek Powazek 's slide show of photos taken at City Hall in San Francisco. It's pretty awesome, even with the Lenny Kravitz in the background. Derek wrote urlLink Weddings on the Brain for Alternet . It's a very well-written reflection on gearing up for his own wedding and witnessing the gay weddings in SF: "it was right at that moment of stress, right as I was starting to panic about all the wedding details, that Heather and I went to the San Francisco City Hall to watch gay people get married." Also of interest, urlLink San Francisco sues the state "on the grounds that laws defining marriage as between a man and woman illegally discriminate against gays and lesbians". More power to them.

 It's about time that women got a piece of the action urlLink Women Tailor Sex Industry to Their Eyes "Surveys by Nielsen/NetRatings, which measures Internet audiences, have found that women account for more than a quarter of all visitors to sites with adult content, with more than 10 million women logging on to such sites in December alone." Crazy!

 It's going to be a great day I just heard urlLink I am a Pizza on KUT. I haven't heard that song in years! Leah, I know you know what song I'm talking about.

 urlLink BLOGGER - Knowledge Base-How To Date and Blog I had to plug this, cuz it's funny. Maybe I should make a list on my blog of what I'm looking for in a guy. Hee hee. 1. Owns a pair of glasses. . .

 Not only a girl, but terrible, too urlLink Colorado Puts Football Coach on Leave : "'It was obvious Katie was not very good. She was awful. You know what guys do? They respect your ability. You can be 90 years old, but if you can go out and play, they'll respect you. Katie was not only a girl, she was terrible. O.K.? There's no other way to say it.'" K told me about this falderal last night. How horrible for Katie. I find it interesting that she came out with her story to Sports Illustrated of all magazines. I'm sure they cover women in sports seriously, but they do a swimsuit issue, you know. I wonder what this coach was thinking as he made his comments. Did he not recall that Colorado has a female president? I don't know much about this guy, but apparently there was a lot going on that was problematic in Colorado's football program. I'm glad they're working to clean it up, and that Katie was able to tell her story.

 I guess it was somewhat inevitable But it still saddens me to read urlLink Dean's concession speech . I'm still voting for him in the primary. I gave him money, so I am voting for him. Maybe I should stop giving money to candidates. I donated to Bradley, and he lost, and I donated to Dean, and he's lost. I'm so disappointed; I had so much hope for our party (and our nation). Now my only options are two candidates who both voted for the war in Iraq. *sigh*

 I realize I have made a ton of entries today, but it's to make up for Monday when I won't be able to get online (yay, President's Day!). Anyway - I just found urlLink this on Josh's Talking Points Memo . At a press conference this morning, Scott McClellan was unable to answer a simple question as to whether Bush had to do community service while he was in the National Guard or not. One would think it would be any easy question to answer. However, as we well know by now, there are no easy answers from this Administration. You have to read the excerpt of the press conference. McClellan's attempts at elusion are laughable. I swan. He recommends that they call the RNC for answers - ha!

 urlLink Pazz & Jop 2003 Fountains of Wayne's Welcome Interstate Managers is at number 3 on the list of the best albums of 2003. I can handle that. In the essay urlLink Reasons to Bother: Finding our grooves in the year Democrats discovered hiphop , Robert Christgau writes: ". . . as our voters want to tell the world, Welcome Interstate Managers is through-crafted, one bittersweet tune after another as humane and unsappy as the rest of its vision of premarital suburbia. But FOW's "single" was a teen novelty that downloaded up there with OutKast and Beyonc and their album never broke 115 Billboard." But "Stacy's Mom" is still #7 on their list of 40 greatest singles of the year.

 Yesterday on NPR they did a story on the anniversary of one of the worst years in music, 1974. I don't know if I agree, but there were some pretty awful tunes that came out that year (not that I remember - I wasn't born yet). Anyway, they played a bit of "Mockingbird", the doomed duet between Carly Simon and James Taylor, saying that it was lampooned in a few films. Now I know I've seen one that does it in a subtle way, but I can't think of which film it is! It is driving me nuts. If you know what film includes the quote: "Mock - " "yeah" "-ing-" "yeah" "-bird." "yeah" then please let me know. I'm thinking it was a recent Pixar movie. But maybe not. Help! edit: Here's a urlLink link to the story, where they play a snip of the song (and other disasters) from 1974.

 Well, I did want to see this film. . . urlLink New York Times review of Iron Jawed Angels I love the story of the suffragists, but apparently this film is too "Hollywood" to tell the true story. I hope people don't watch this film and get the wrong idea. Damn. I was really looking forward to the movie, but if they aren't going to give Alice Paul a realistic portrayal, I don't know if it's even worth my time. According to the review, they add a romantic interest for Alice Paul to soften her up a little. Seriously! I saw it in the ads, but I don't know enough about Alice Paul's personal life to attest to whether she had a romantic interest or not. . . I guess I'll have to wait til Ken Burns makes a documentary on her.

 urlLink NPR : Ladysmith Black Mambazo, Live in Studio 4A This group was my first concert ever. I went with my mom when I was in fifth grade to see them at the Bass Concert Hall. I still remember their performance, because it was so dynamic. They sang and danced on the stage, and it was wonderful. I can't believe they've been around for forty years! If you're not familiar with their sound, then click on one of their songs on the NPR site. You may have heard them and not realized it, as they sang backup for songs on Paul Simon's Graceland album ("Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes" and "Homeless", for example).

 It won't happen in Texas urlLink San Francisco Officials Marry Gay Couple "Longtime lesbian activists Phyllis Lyon, 79, and Del Martin, 83, were hurriedly issued a license and were married just before noon by City Assessor Mabel Teng in a closed-door civil ceremony at City Hall, mayor's spokesman Peter Ragone said. The two have been a couple for 51 years. "Ragone said that beginning at noon, officials would begin issuing marriage licenses to any gay couples applying for one." This is awesome. San Francisco really is the place I would assume to start this. I wonder what will happen next. . .

 I was confused. . . urlLink The Murder of Emmett Till will be on The American Experience , not Independent Lens . It should be showing this Monday evening on most PBS stations. urlLink A Place of Our Own will be on Independent Lens Tuesday night, about the historical beach resort town of Oak Bluffs. Anyway, I was confused since I watched both American Experience and Independent Lens this week. I've gotten out of the habit of watching PBS as often as I used to. When I was younger, I would watch Mystery! and Masterpiece Theatre every week. Now I'm more into the historical shows, but I still catch Masterpiece Theatre when it's not a Forsythe Saga .

 Allen at urlLink The Right Christians has an entry today about the sad state of our economy. It is worth reading for the graph if for nothing else. I knew it was the case, but it is just scary to see that "There are fewer jobs now than when the recession ended 26 months ago" and to see our current progress compared with that in past years. Yikes.

 urlLink Nat Turner in History's Multiple Mirrors This article tells more about the film I saw on PBS last night, urlLink Nat Turner, a Troublesome Property . It was very interesting and informational enough to convince me that I don't know anything about Nat Turner. If you get a chance to watch it, you should. It doesn't tell you what version of Nat's tale is true, because no one knows the truth now. Plus, Carl Lumbly from Alias is in it and Alfre Woodard narrates it.

 Alas, poor Freddie I think Freddie Mercury is rolling in his grave. urlLink Britney, Pink and Beyonce take on 'Gladiator'

 Censure Bush Go to urlLink http://www.moveon.org/censure/ to ask Congress to censure Bush. So far, MoveOn has 250,000 signatures. I had the e-mail they sent me on here, but it was just too long. To make it short, I'll quote, "Congress has the power to censure the President -- to formally reprimand him for betraying the nation's trust." If you believe he lied about WMD, as I do, then please go to MoveOn and send a note your legislators.

 "these are the people that our European ancestors came to this country to escape" urlLink Gloria Steinem on Bush and religion: "Most of organized religion doesn't agree with Bush. Most religious institutions opposed the war even Bush's own Methodist national church. The people behind Bush are the literalists who believe that in the way that they see God, America has fallen from that path. "But these are the people that our European ancestors came to this country to escape. I mean, they are trying to cite unproveable arguments arguments that take place in heaven and life after death as reasons why we should obey them now. These literally are the type of people that the Europeans who founded America came here to escape."

 The Other Boleyn Girl is a book by urlLink Philippa Gregory about Anne's sister Mary. I'm usually not into historical novels, especially from the Tudor period, but this one was good. It tells the story of Katherine of Aragon and Henry the VIII and how Anne Boleyn became the next queen (and then was killed). Anyway, I finished reading this book late in the week last week. Then I see urlLink The Simpsons last night, wherein Marge tells the kids the stories of Henry VIII, Sacagawea, and W. A. Mozart. Seeing the Simpsons version of the story of Henry VIII was that more funny after reading Gregory's book. I must say the episode last night was the funniest I've seen in a while. I was dying during the credits. Oh, Lord.

 I just found this site thanks to Tom Paine: urlLink Baghdad Burning

 I thought it was worse than it really is Thanks to urlLink Alternet , I discover that Dean isn't the lost cause that even NPR is making him out to be. On urlLink CNN's delegate scorecard , Dean is in second place. It's funny, I was reading urlLink this e-mail right when NPR announced what is mentioned in it. That's never happened before. I wish Dean would win a state already. He is the only candidate I believe in strongly. Of course I'll vote for whoever gets the nomination, but I wish it would be someone who stands up for issues I feel are important.

 I received my Queer Eye update I love me my Queer Eye , but this is a bit much: " . . . THE FAB FIVE TO APPEAR ON THE APPRENTICE. . . Next week, the stars of Queer Eye jump across the dial for their first-ever appearance on someone _else's_ reality show: NBC's new hit series, THE APPRENTICE. Will Thom redecorate the contestant suite? Will Jai teach the wannbe-apprentices how to mambo? Will Ted mix martinis for everyone? Um...probably not. Honestly, we can't reveal too much, but let's just say it's a special episode you won't want to miss as the Fab Five take part in the show's next team challenge. See the Fab Five on THE APPRENTICE, Thursday February 12 at 9/8pm." Huh? Carson and Donald Trump together? What?

 we are a part of a rhythm nation "CBS is the company that wouldnt air an anti-Bush ad by MoveOn.org because it didnt want to offend the White House and conservatives, just as it spiked a Ronald Reagan mini-series to avoid offending the White House and conservatives. And then it runs a halftime show which offends the White House and conservatives. How quickly all the previous sucking up is forgotten. " --- from urlLink The Breast and the Brightest , by Richard Blow

 My afternoon just got better I found my leftover Milk Duds from last night! Beginning of random entry - I really like seeing films at the Alamo Drafthouse (Village location). HOWEVER, the first time I went there, all I wanted was Milk Duds, and they don't sell concession-style candy at the theatre . What is up with theatres that don't offer Milk Duds?! They are my movie theatre comfort food. At the Alamo, you can get a gardenburger with fries, beer, ice cream for dessert, but no Milk Duds.

 Those crazy frog-eating triplets So - I saw urlLink The Triplets of Belleville last night with M. I don't think I got it. I mean, as a work of art, it is amazing, but as a story, it's not so great. The characters are basically caricatures, and there's very limited dialogue. The music is neat, and I loved the depiction of Glenn Gould at the beginning - it is dead on. It was quite humorous in places, but the ending disappointed me. It was such a let-down; I turned to M and said, "That's the end?!" The only characters with personality are the grandmother and the dog, and maybe the triplets. The man they are trying to save is devoid of any life - he stares vaguely and unblinkingly into space. The gist of my review is - as a study of European animation it is worth checking out, but otherwise I can't recommend it. Wait 'til it comes out on DVD. On another note - we got to view the Disney-Dali collaboration short Destino , which was breath-takingly beautiful. I'm not the biggest fan of Dali, but I was just amazed at what he came up with. If you can find this in your area, I strongly recommend viewing it. It is simply fascinating (and the music isn't bad either). It was funny; when they announced that we would get to view this short before the French film, this one guy in the audience gave an ecstatic cheer. I have to say - I would now do the same.

 I'm leaving work early today so I can see urlLink The Triplets of Belleville at the Dobie tonight (plus I worked five hours on Saturday!). Thanks, urlLink Austin Film Society !

 Thank you, Diane Diane Sawyer admits to helping hype the "Dean Scream" urlLink here and has comments from other news outlets on their contribution to the hype.

 urlLink Found at Starbucks: The Pentagon's Papers Some assistant to Rumsfeld named "Eric" left some documents at a Starbucks in DC. Another customer found them and gave them to the Center for American Progress. They include planned discussion points for Sunday morning talk shows and a map to the Secretary's house. Click on the above link for more info. What a stupid mistake. Poor Eric is going to get fired for this, surely.

 I'm listening to urlLink Air America Radio . The stream is pretty sucky - it keeps breaking in and out. And now I just lost it. Blah.

 urlLink Ellen Taaffe Zwilich The last entry to my focus for the month of March (a woman a day for Women's History Month) is Ellen Taafe Zwilich. Unless you are involved in the world of 20th Century (now 21st Century) music, you may not be familiar with Zwilich. My limited knowledge of her music began in college. My junior year I took a class on 20th Century music, where we only focused on Western European/American male composers. We only had a semester, so this is somewhat understandable. In our last project for the class, we got to choose a composer and/or work of music we hadn't gone over in class to research and discuss in class. The only female composer I could find much information about at that time was Zwilich. She really came onto the scene in 1983 when she became the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Music. She was recognized for her urlLink Symphony No. 1 (this was the work I studied). This opus is an exploration of the first fifteen bars of the first movement. I strongly recommend listening to it if you can. "Many of her works have been issued on recordings, and Bakers Biographical Dictionary of Musicians [8th edition] states: "There are not many composers in the modern world who possess the lucky combination of writing music of substance and at the same time exercising an immediate appeal to mixed audiences. Zwilich offers this happy combination of purely technical excellence and a distinct power of communication." urlLink link Zwilich is currently on the faculty of the School of Music at urlLink Florida State University . - urlLink List of her works

 More great quotes found in my Wordsmith daily newsletters: "The penalty that good men pay for not being interested in politics is to be governed by men worse than themselves." - Plato, philosopher (427-347 BCE) "Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprang up." - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., US Supreme Court Justice (1841-1935) "He who opens a school door, closes a prison." - Victor Hugo, poet, novelist, and dramatist (1802-1885) "Just because you do not take an interest in politics doesn't mean politics won't take an interest in you." - Pericles, statesman (430 BCE) "One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important." - Bertrand Russell, philosopher, mathematician, author, Nobel laureate (1872-1970) Thanks, urlLink A Word a Day !

 I'm going through my A-Word-a-day e-mails. I have a bad habit of not reading messages and letting them accumulate. But I just found this quote from a 2/23 e-mail and thought I'd share: "In science it often happens that scientists say, "You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken," and then they would actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again. They really do it. It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful. But it happens every day. I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion." - Carl Sagan, astronomer and writer (1934-1996)

 Our satire as art I never thought I was making art when I made my poster on the BC04 "Sloganator" (now demised). Apparently, our posters are now considered art, at least according to this site: urlLink ArtLex on Posters . We're right on the same page as Toulose-Lautrec and WWII propaganda posters. Seeing a BC04 poster in comparison with those is a bit humbling.

 urlLink Mexican Wine He was killed by a cellular phone explosion They scattered his ashes across the ocean The water was used to make baby lotion The wheels of promotion were set into motion But the sun still shines in the summertime I'll be yours if you'll be mine I tried to change, but I changed my mind Think I'll have another glass of Mexican wine She lived alone in a small apartment Across the street from the health department She left her pills in the glove compartment That was the afternoon her heart went And the sun still shines in the summertime I'll be yours if you'll be mine I tried to change, but I changed my mind I think I'll have another glass of Mexican wine I think I'll have another glass of Mexican wine I used to fly for United Airlines Then I got fired for reading High Times My license expired in almost no time Now I'm retired, and I think that's fine Because the sun still shines in the summertime I'll be yours if you'll be mine I tried to change, but I changed my mind I think I'll have another glass of Mexican wine Because the sun still shines in the summertime I'll be yours if you'll be mine I tried to change, but I changed my mind I think I'll have another glass of Mexican wine I think I'll have another glass of Mexican wine Won't you have another glass of Mexican Wine? by urlLink Fountains of Wayne urlLink See the video!!

 urlLink Shirin Ebadi Shirin Ebadi won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 for her work for the rights of Iran's children and women. She also works for the rights of refugees in Iran. Ebadi is the first Iranian, third Muslim, and eleventh woman to win this prestigious award. She once was a judge, but now serves as an attorney: "She represented the family of Ezzat Ebrahim-Nejad, a student killed during the 1999 Tehran University protests. Her work on his familys behalf exposed the link between vigilante groups and highly placed government officials. This work led to her arrest and detention in 2000." urlLink link She recently helped form an organization that will provide legal aid to families of imprisoned activists and journalists, the Center for the Defense of Human Rights. - urlLink Text of her Nobel lecture - urlLink BBC profile

 Incredible I find what I read at Change for America this afternoon both incredible and extremely disturbing. Apparently BushCo has made it legal for federal employees to be fired for being homosexual. urlLink Change for America: Jim W. Crow

 urlLink urlLink Elizabeth Blackwell Elizabeth Blackwell was the first American female to receive a doctor of medicine degree. A bit of trivia - she was sister-in-law to Lucy Stone. Dr. Blackwell was involved in the abolitionist movement, and believed that women deserved equal education. It is said she became involved in medicine because she "visited a family friend who was dying of cancer and who told her how much she had suffered from the humiliation of being treated by male doctors. This woman also mentioned that Blackwell, who had such a "love of study," would make an ideal doctor" urlLink link . Throughout her medical career she was met with great opposition, but perservered nonetheless. Born in England, she moved back there for the later part of her life. She taught at the first British college of medicine for women. - urlLink Hobart and William Smith's Blackwell site - urlLink Letter, Elizabeth Blackwell to Baroness Anne Isabella Milbanke Byron concerning women's rights and the education of women physicians, 4 March 1851.

 urlLink Gish Jen I first read Gish Jen when I was interning at urlLink Holt, Rinehart and Winston . I got to read various short stories that might be used as "Connections" for well-known novels. The first story of hers I read was "The White Umbrella". I don't know how I can remember the title and not remember the plot, but oh well. Her stories deal with the immigrant experience, culture clashes, and other such topics, but she manages to infuse humor into them very successfully. A few years ago I read Mona in the Promised Land and enjoyed it a lot. She says that Jewish-American authors have been a large influence on her: "It's partly Scarsdale, and partly the sympathy I see between the Jewish and Chinese cultures. If there is one thing I hope readers come away with, it's to see Asian Americans as 'us' rather than 'other.'" urlLink link - urlLink Powell's interview with Gish Jen

 urlLink Piano Returns to Berlin, Releasing Family Secret This is a neat story, worth passing on. edit: I forget not everyone is registered with the New York Times online. Here's the gist of the article: ". . . (T)he story has been a voyage of self-examination for Tessa Uys, a South African concert pianist based in London and the daughter of the German music teacher who first took the piano from Berlin to Cape Town. "As she pored over her mother's documents last year, Ms. Uys (pronounced ace) said, she was also obliged to confront what she had always suspected about herself, a revelation for which her research into the history of her mother and the piano proved to be the key. "Brought up in the Calvinist tradition of the Dutch Reformed Church in South Africa, the daughter of an Afrikaner musician and organist in his local church, she was unaware of one critical fact: her mother, Helga, was Jewish." This South African concert pianist is sending her family's piano back to Berlin to be put in the Jewish museum after discovering one of the reasons her mother moved to South Africa was because she was banned from her piano academy for being Jewish. Does that make sense? I thought it was neat to see this article after finishing In the Image .

 My poster didn't make it in . . . But I'm okay with that. urlLink Sloganator Memorial

 urlLink urlLink Madame C.J. Walker (Sarah Breedlove McWilliams Walker) Madame C. J. Walker was a great inventor and businesswoman whose innovations have impacted the beauty-trade. She invented a hair softener that could be used with an iron comb to straighten hair. She created a regime of hair-care products that she called "The Walker System". She went on to form schools of beauty, and amassed a large fortune, becoming one of the first African-American millionaires. A few years ago, I read urlLink The Black Rose , which is a sort of fictionalized biography of Madame C. J. Walker. I think I checked it out because Alex Haley had started the work on it and died before finishing it. I remember it being a very interesting book, and that's about it. I read so many books, I'm surprised I remember this one. I don't know if I'd recommend this book, but I strongly recommend reading up on this awesome woman. - urlLink Info on the Madame Walker stamp - urlLink Indiana Historical Society's site for the Madame C. J. Walker Collection - includes a VERY detailed biography.

 urlLink Betty Friedan Betty Friedan, whom I would call the mother of modern feminism, wrote the opus The Feminine Mystique about "the problem that has no name". This book really led many women to realize their current situations and started what gender studies historians term the second wave of feminism (we are supposedly in the third wave now). In her work, Friedan explored the lack of opportunities available to women in post-World War II America. During the war, women had taken over factory jobs and sales jobs that had been vacated by men who left to fight. All of a sudden, society accepted women working in atypical roles: building materials for war, flying planes, etc. When the men came back from war, however, the women lost their jobs and were relegated back to the "homefront". Betty Friedan later helped to found the National Organization for Women (NOW) and served as the first president of the organization. She still serves as a voice for feminism and women's rights more than forty years after the publishing of her influential work. - urlLink About Betty Friedan - urlLink Atlantic Monthly: Mystique of Betty Friedan - urlLink Introduction to The Feminine Mystique

 urlLink NPR News Is Replacing Morning Host Bob Edwards apparently will be replaced by NPR "as part of an effort to update its programming." Who will replace him has yet to be announced. I wonder if Juan Williams is in the running. . .

 urlLink urlLink Abigail Adams Best known for being married to John Adams and mother of John Quincy Adams, Abigail Adams was an amazing woman. What I adore about Abigail Adams is her entreaty to her husband to "Remember the ladies" while he was at the first Congress. She is a woman that should remembered for her own story, but her story happens to be attached to two early Presidents of the USA. - urlLink Here is her official White House bio. - urlLink Abigail Adams Historical Society - urlLink Correspondence between John and Abigail

 urlLink Sacagawea As most of us know, Sacagawea served as an interpreter and guide for Lewis and Clark in their famous expedition. She died at the young age of 25, and Clark adopted her two children. Some believe that another woman who died 70-some-odd years later was the real Sacagawea, but historical documents disagree with this. When I was a kid, I remember reading a series of books that espoused certain values while giving biographies of famous people in history. I think the only one I still own is about Louis Pasteur. Anyway, I remember reading the ValueTale of Sacagawea. I couldn't find an image of it on amazon. Perhaps none of these books are still in print? That's a sad loss. - urlLink Here is another, slightly more detailed, bio of Sacagawea . - Her urlLink page on about.com

 urlLink The bluebonnets are coming out! I started seeing them late last week, and they keep increasing in number. I love spring!

 I'm off tomorrow to work at SxSW. It's over after Saturday! I'm skipping church Sunday to recoup, because Saturday I'm working from 11am to 4pm and 6pm to 11pm. What was I smoking when I signed up for that? Have a good weekend . . .

 From my SojoMail today: God the Synecdoche in His Holy Land i.m. Rachel Corrie by Linda McCarriston Around you the father gods' war. This Father. That father. The other father. What more dangerous place could A woman stand, upright, than on that sand, as if She were still antiphon to that voice, the other Mind of that power. The very idea! Crush her back in to her mother! Crush her. Crush her. Consensus. War. For more on Rachel Corrie at the anniversary of her death, visit urlLink http://www.rachelcorrie.org .

 urlLink Gary Sinise to Head Cast of "CSI: New York" I may have to watch it now. I think Gary Sinise is one of the finest actors alive. Finest meaning greatest. . . although I do think he is attractive too!

 urlLink Jane Addams Jane Addams founded Hull House in Chicago, was the first woman to receive an honorary degree from Yale University, and was the first American woman to receive the Nobel Peace Prize. She lived an amazing life, appearing to fit into the feminine stereotype, yet living with the same woman for forty years. She worked for the rights of immigrant workers, women suffrage, and was involved with the peace movement during World War I. urlLink Quote : "I am not one of those who believe - broadly speaking - that women are better than men. We have not wrecked railroads, nor corrupted legislatures, nor done many unholy things that men have done; but then we must remember that we have not had the chance." urlLink Pictures of Jane Addams urlLink Information about the founding of Hull House

 urlLink Called to Love and Fidelity This is a link to an awesome sermon sent to Allen about gays and marriage. Here's a quote: "Is "the future of the human race threatened by gay marriage"? That's not what I hear Jesus saying. And Jesus is, by and large, pretty clear. I hear Jesus saying that the future is imperiled by greed, by prejudice, by bigotry, by hatred and by violence. I hear Jesus calling you and me to heal those deep wounds and invite the diverse human family to a feast of love, fellowship and grace. I hear Jesus singing a tune of joy and love and welcome and affirmation. I'm not sure which bible they're reading these days - but it's not the one I'm reading." Please go read it. If this is going to be an issue, I don't want people who claim to be Christians speaking for all of us. I'm all for getting the Progressive Christian view out there for the world to hear.

 urlLink Ann Richards I saw her last night at one of the SxSW movies I caught. Ms. Richards is definitely a tough broad, and a great Texas Democrat. urlLink Here are some great quotes from Ann Richards. urlLink Here you can read her speech from the 1988 Democratic National Convention.

 Mr. Bojangles. . . Okay, I did not realize that Jerry Jeff Walker wrote urlLink Mr. Bojangles . I'm not a huge fan of either the song or the artist, and I never would have the put the two together. As a sidenote - my senior year in high school I was in an internship program with JJW's daughter. She wasn't the nicest person; maybe she's better now. I'd be hard-pressed to tell you her name. I'm getting bad about names nowadays, especially from (gulp) 8 years ago.

 urlLink Barbara Jordan Barbara Jordan is someone that makes me proud to be a Texan. She accomplished so much during her life, creating a terrific legacy. Her biography is at the above link, but here is more: urlLink THE FIRST AND ONLY: Barbara Jordan Remembered from The Newshour I love how Molly Ivins says, "if Hollywood ever needed somebody to play the role of God Almighty, they ought to get Barbara Jordan." It's so true! She just had the most amazing voice. urlLink UT's story on Barbara Jordan The LBJ School for Public Affairs at UT holds the urlLink Barbara Jordan National Forum on Public Policy annually.

 urlLink Rosemarie Freeney Harding I just read about this amazing woman who passed away last week in Denver, CO. Click on the link above to read about her incredible life journey. "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead

 urgh. . . today has been so busy, all I've had time to do is add a new button to my sidebar - go urlLink get a book for a soldier . I got a letter recently from my cousin's wife telling me that he would love books to be sent over. I want to send him a book, but I don't know how shipping works in the army. I got a new copy of Antwone Fisher for $1 and I figure it would be a good book for him. A nice pro-armed forces work, but still a good read. Okay, I'm assuming it is, I've only seen the movie. I'll try to post this weekend. If I can.

 urlLink Mary Wollstonecraft I'm reading this book I found in the kiddie section of the library. I am about a third of the way through. I will have to read one her works next; I'm finding her politics very interesting. Anyway - Wollstonecraft is my woman of the day! Mary Wollstonecraft is probably best known as the mother of Mary Shelley (author of Frankenstein ) and for writing urlLink The Vindication of the Rights of Women . Ms. Wollstonecraft was raised in a society where married women were treated as property and girls learned to be passive and quiet. Her first book was Thoughts on the Education of Girls , where she espoused her views on how girls should be taught and encouraged to learn. Her life was not typical - she stayed single for a large part of her life and had a baby out-of-wedlock. She did eventually get married, and died after having her second child, Mary, in 1797. It is really hard to summarize such an amazing woman's life and accomplishments in a blog entry! For more information, you can read a bio urlLink here or urlLink here . Hooray for free-thinking women!

 For all my regular readers No entries tomorrow; I'm spending the day bagstuffing at SxSW. If you go and pick up a bag, think of those zany volunteers who donated their time to stuff that bag. All the time and love we put into it. Or not.

 I tried "Because smart people suck!" But it wouldn't let me. Thanks to urlLink Wonkette for keeping the public informed about how to make your own BC04 poster. urlLink See what it let me do! (you gotta have Adobe Acrobat) I give you permission to print it out and pass it around. I know you want to make your own - you can do it urlLink here . It is just too much fun to pass up.

 urlLink Susan B. Anthony Anthony was a mover and shaker in the early women's rights movement. She became a close friend and ally to Elizabeth Cady Stanton. She was a "spinster" who never married. There has been much written about Ms. Anthony. I wanted to focus on her on this primary day here in Texas. Susan B. Anthony strived for women's suffrage, was arrested for attempting to vote, and died before women got the vote she worked her life for. Ken Burns made a documentary about Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton. If you haven't seen it yet, you can at least go to urlLink the official site and learn more about their work together. It is imperative that we exercise our right to vote after all the work Anthony and MANY others did to get it for us. If you don't vote, you can't complain . I'm sorry, but that's the way it is. After the struggle for women's suffrage and the work of urlLink the Civil Rights era , there is just no excuse for not voting.

