 OMG it's like 11:00 est and I'm just now watching Fox for the first time all day!! What's wrong w/ me am I going through withdrawl?

 HEADS UP GIRLS! RICK FIX! Rick will be on D.C. 101 radio program in the morning with Elliot in the DC/MD area. Don't live in Maryland? It's ok you can listen LIVE a http://www.dc101.com !!! I hope I get to hear him, I'll be recoding it on my handy-dandy tape recorder! =)

 Wow- a 6.4 quake just hit Turkey- everybody's rocking except for the place everyone associates with earthquakes (SF)....just watch, now that I've typed that, something will probably happen! Did any of you gals in GA feel that earthquake the other day??

 They just mentioned something on FOX that there's a general terror alert regarding the targeting of nuclear power plants in the country- I'm sure (I hope!) that nothing will happen, but dang, I don't think we ever get used to these alerts. I just get chills whenever they mention them. What was really scary was that a couple of months ago I'd heard that the Palo Verde nuclear plant just outside Phx, AZ was under heavy guard- all of my side of the family (except my sis) lives in the Phx metro area. Just the thought of possibly losing my whole family was just absolutely gut wrenching chilling- ironically enough, I was more worried about it than they were-lol! It was like nothing to them (???????) I didn't get it. But, the whole events of 9-11 & after are really surreal to me- sometimes I sit back and think, "whoa, did that REALLY happen??" (I'm having one of those profound moments now). It just serves to remind that things really are different now and we have to be alert. When I hear a plane flying low over downtown SF, I always look up to see where it is. I wasn't even in NYC (never been there even), and yet I cannot hear a plane the way I used to hear it. When that happened in NYC, I thought for sure somewhere on the west coast would be next- Seattle? SF? LA? Who knows- all I know is that it was a very uncertain time and I was at work when the plane hit the Pentagon and I just wanted to go home and couldn't track down my hubby. I was reading something at the MSN Group (Fox News Channel Central) on the page created for Rick, and I have to say I really admire him for dashing down there to cover and experience what was happening. That had to be such a raw emotional experience for him. Kudos to him for covering it so well!! Well, I dunno what got me on that- sorry!! Yeah, I'm wondering when Rick's going to be back and what he'll be mostly appearing on. I would think it would be Studio B- but I could be wrong- what's your opinion?

 Melissa, you find the coolest stuff on Rick, but I'm pouting with you too. You were only 6 in 1989??? Dang, I'm old. So, has anybody figured out if Rick is back next week? He indicated two weeks off, but he was on a lot of shows last week so does that count as vacation? Leslie, my vote goes to the Jeep, I've always wanted one and I'm driving a pickup already. Rick is a Ford guy...don't know about Shep. He's a southern boy and they seem to like their trucks. By the way, do you guys know if they intentionally put Greg in an Army unit because he's already a Marine? Would he have had to assume his rank and not be able to report as a Marine??? Just curious.

 Life Irony #2: Finally get rid of my lunk of a husband for a few days, and Shep is playing Programming Peek-a-Boo. Where are you, Shep, now that we can be alone?! Completely off the topic, I'm taking a poll. Which would you rather have: 2000 Ford F-150 QuadCab (peacock blue) $294/month or a 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee (champagne) $220/month? Take into consideration that your car for the last 4 years has been a faded blue 1988 Lincoln Town Car (affectionately known as the Land Yacht) so anything is a step up in the world.

 Woo hoo it's Wednesday :) and you know what Wednesday means? (everyone: no) I get (got) to go watch the SECOND hottest guy on earth (with Greg being no. 1 of course) play some baseball ... I wonder if he'll (he) need (needed) me to warm up haha -- While it's so true, as Leslie and Melissa know, that I have no spine when it comes to talking to Greg - I have pure "hussy" power when it comes my personal hottie no. 2

 Hey Melissa -- I just got your e-mail this morning and yay my AOL IM is back up so hopefully it'll stay up for tonight ... It's so funny because I wrote you and posted here at like midnight and just was knocked out! haha I did have dream about ... (forgot how we draw him) .... *looking back* oh yeah I had a dream about >8-() it was pretty funny I'll have tell you about it ... what did you think of the e-mail to >-] ... I think it was one of the better one's no errors ... I've got my AOL IM away message on it's pretty weird but then weird is normal for me .... later everyone...

 Melissa - Let me know when you get your Rick site up. If any of you Kellygirls out there have any more pics or links, send 'em my way via the website: http://www.mindspring.com/~jdpnlp We're getting a bit more traffic everyday! Melissa, thanks again for the Greg wallpapers - they are so cute! I especially like the one of Rick and Greg together - awwwww shucks...:)

 Hey Guinnevere, I used to play the violin too. =) I loved it but quit because of my dislike for my HS teacher, stupid reason I know. But I did join the choir and had a blast with them. I got to go to New York City and sing at Carnagie Hall in Nov. of 2000, my senior year. I didn't even have a boyfriend at all during HS, I think it was because of my serious lack of self esteem, which thank God I've started to have some. I dated one guy twice but it didn't work out either time. So anyway that leads me to my present boyfriend-less state. I actually don't mind not having a boyfriend, but it sure would be nice to have someone to talk to and hang out with. =) You know someone to do the silly little stuff, like grocery shopping, with. =) Anyway I'm rambling again and I have to finish getting ready for school so buh-bye girlies. Talk to you all later. =)

 Here's my horoscope for today: "Tactlessly expressed statements can cause long-winded explanations and marital entanglements this morning. Your health knows pressures-- upsets due to dietary indiscretions. Your assessments of run-of-the-mill situations are on the mark today, so rely upon your judgment and not upon others. Your financial outlook for today is weak. Your compatible sign for today is Aquarius" Well, at least my hubby's my compatible sign for today! LOL Ah, well. Melissa- if it's any consolation I didn't sleep well either and when I did, I was having very strange dreams- which I don't mind when they don't stress me out. These last night were stressing me out. Lol- maybe I should have gotten on AIM! 3:30 your time would have been 1:30 my time- and I was awake. From your post below it sounded like you were mentally sharp and on a roll- I like when I'm like that. Even if it's kind of a sarcastic/funny kind of mood, I sometimes find that's when I'm at my best. LOL- Ok, rambling now...off to work now- blech.

 *Sleepless in Missouri - random ramblings from an insominac* |||| Can't sleep - I'm not tired. |||| Rick covered a Hurricane in 1989 - I was 6 years old - if that doesn't put things into perspective (age-wise) I dunno what does. |||| I just KNEW Rick was a Romantic. A nice long stroll in New York seems pleasantly romantic to me. |||| I wonder what Rick's favorite kind of music is? |||| Why am I up at 3:30 wondering about Rick when I should be sleeping, or better yet studying for my finals. |||| Where's Jen when I need her? I'm suffering from insomnia, I need someone besides myself to talk to. LOL |||| Don't ever watch the movie "Better Luck Tomorrow" it's terrible and horribly drawn out. |||| I get to watch X-MEN 2 on Thrusday! Hopefully it'll make up for that bad movie. |||| Have any of you seen that new Excedrin commercial with the really hot brown "puppy-dog" eyed man? I need to find a picture of him, he's adorable. I would never have to "fake a headache" for that man. LOL |||| See I'm funny right? Or maybe I'm just deliriously insane. |||| I think perhaps it's the latter of the two. |||| Ok I'll stop now. Goodnight - er - morning.

 *cries* I now know what Rick did that night he got back home. *sniff-sniff* He's divorced and his girlfriend met him at the airport...... *can't talk* So you guys can just listen to Rick talk for 15 minutes . (requires: real audio player ) *pouts* I found this tramatizing news at this stupid site I'm not bitter or anything am I? Taking it like a pro huh? LOL Actaully I knew that's what he meant on Sajack's show the other day, I was just in denial. =) But in all actuality I'm sure y'all know I wish nothing but the best of happiness for the wonderful man that is Rick. Despite my crush.

 I Found This Article HERE ------------------------------------- Fox embedded correspondent to speak at AU By LISA PICKOFF-WHITE Eagle Staff Writer Monday, April 28, 2003 American University alumni Rick Leventhal is coming to the Wechlser Theater on Wednesday at 12:15 p.m. to answer questions about his experiences as an embedded journalist with Fox News. Leventhal spent six weeks covering the war in Iraq and was embedded with the United States 1st Marine Light Armored Reconnaissance unit. He recently joined Foxs New York bureau coming from the networks Chicago bureau where he worked since March of 1997. While working for the Chicago bureau he covered the war in Afghanistan and was one of the first reporters to cover Sept. 11 as the World Trade Center fell. Leventhal graduated with a B.A. from AU in broadcast journalism. About 100 students can attend the talk on Wednesday. RSVP to Journalism Division Director Wendell Cochran at x2075. ------------------------------------- hmmmm So you guys think I still have time to catch a plane to Washington D.C.? LOL =) It doesn't start until 12:15 P.M. so I've got 10 hours! OK, I give up it just wasn't destined to be. =/

 *sniff* *sob* my AOL IM is down :( so no late night chats w/ my buddy Melissa -- so that means no more weird "is this girl on crack" posts between the hours of midnight and 4 a.m. (I know you guys are all breathing a little easier for that hahaha) - Melissa I sent you an e-mail a few seconds ago ... did you get the FWD of the e-mail I wrote >-]? Jan: It's okay about the "sterile" thing but I had to back "my" guy up :) sorry if I got 'huffy'

 Hey, I'm sorry about the "sterile" comment, I was just comparing their on-air styles, not procreating ability. In Iowa, where I went to HS, band was the big thing, our sports teams tanked, but the band rocked. The band kids were considered cool. I agree somewhat with Melissa about Rick being a recovered geek, but I see him as just goofy, and he finds it hard to believe that other people take him seriously. That's ok though, I like goofy guys, they tend to be more fun.

 Melissa you ROCK! Love the wallpapers! Not sure how I'm going to use them on my website, but I'm putting them up with credit to you. Tell me how you want me to credit you - just Melissa or something more - let me know!

 I had to wait until the laughter subsided to send this. Just stumbled across the Infostud web page (http://www.bsnn.net/Infobabes/Infostuds.htm), I think you can just get there with an Infostud search. Shep won by a landslide and there is a hilarious picture with his head pasted on a very nice male body wearing only black silk tear-away boxers. Not that his body DOESN'T look like that, but it is very obviously doctored. Some other FOX Infostuds had write-in votes, but no Rick or Greg. Who were these demented people that voted?!

 YAY just what you all have been waiting for! I Have some wallpapers up. I stuck them all on 2 different pages for right now, so I'm sorry if they take a while to load but they're DEFINATELY worth it! =) So with no further ado I present: RICK WALLPAPERS And for all you KellyGirls out there... urlLink GREG WALLPAPERS I Hope you enjoy. Let me know what you think, I worked pretty hard on some ot these, and not as much on others, but I still like them all. The first 2 on the Rick wallpapers were made by our very own Guinnever! =)

 You guys are making me smile & laugh today- God knows I need it (it's been a rough week so far, and it's only Tuesday)! I may check in later- I have a gruelling 4 hour policy training session (I work for a med. mal. ins. co., so you just know it's REALLY exciting stuff- LOL!). I gotta get a coffee before I go in there. Melissa- I'm so excited- it sounds like the site's coming along!

 Oh Guinnevere! You make me giggle! I'm feeling much better, thank you. The cruel irony that is my life, my new Total Gym 2000 (as seen on TV) arrived yesterday; so there I sat, eating my Subway turkey on wheat, drinking my Coke, and resting my cast on my new exercise machine. That IS what it's for, right? I sense a common thread running through this crowd; I, too, am a recovering geek. Never had a date in high school (later found out the boys were too scared of me), spent all my time studying (started college as a sophomore). I was a band geek AND a thespian AND a debater. Triple threat geek. Thick, curly red-hair, thicker glasses (God bless the Excimer Laser), and a very thick protective barrier of unbridled sarcasm. Right now, I've enrolled Jen in the Goddess for Life crash course at the Institute of Unbridled Hussiness. Anyone else want to be on the faculty? I may need some expert help from you guys.

 Hey- don't you gals think that it's a little odd that there haven't been any magazine articles (like decent 2-4 page ones) about the embeds? I keep looking and nothing....I will let you know if I do find something- there's a newsstand next to the PO where I get my mail, and believe me, I've been hitting it every day. I still think there should be a special issue regarding the embeds.....why should American Idol get their own special issue???

 Hi Greg Fans, Check out the Unofficial Greg Kelly Fan Website - www.mindspring.com/~jdpnlp If you guys have any pictures, information, future appearances, etc...please send 'em my way from the link on the website (email jdpnlp@hotmail.com). We need more pics for sure. Thanks Sally for sending a bunch - unfortunately, they are a bit grainy. If anyone has any others, send 'em our way. Melissa - would you consider putting a link for the Greg Kelly site here? The more links we get, the higher up we'll get indexed in the search engines. Thanks! Nicole Atlanta

 Hey Melissa- I can relate to the geek thing- I was definitely a recovering geek (still am???) too. You should see the Jr. HIgh & HS pics- scary. Let's see....I wore glasses, not into makeup until HS... was in both band & orchestra.....no sports.....LOL. Geek! But I am also very grateful for that. No regrets- except that I wish I'd made myself more, I dunno, attractive I guess to the guys. I was just extremely shy in school and after one guy called me fat & boring after I'd asked him to a dance (where the girls ask the guys - Sadie Hawkins?) that kinda killed my self esteem for a bit....but I got over it soon after- he was a jerk anyway. You're definitely not a geek- I think it's better to be informed than to be ignorant (heaven knows there's enough people out there who have no idea what's going on). I think I experience the guy-geek revenge though.... in HS, I used to laugh about the computer guys who spent their lunch hour in the computer lab, but now they're the ones probably making the big bucks- lol. More power to em'- great for a revenge of sorts at HS reunions, I'm sure!

 Hey guys I found this page with a clip from when Rick was in Iraq. I don't remember this. Do you? It's actually kind of scary though, I can easily understand why someone would fear for their life. Anyway the clip is urlLink HERE Look for "Not A Drill" on the middle of the page.

 GREG IS NOT STERILE!!!! His reports may be if compared to Rick's more easy going ones, but he is adorable and very funny. Remember when he told Neil Cavuto and his Dad about the American Express bill and the Tax Guy on Long Island. He was also a doll talking about Saddam's "cheesy" palaces. I do think he is a bit more serious than Rick.

 Oh no, Rick's smile beats out Greg's hands any day in my opinion!! =) As Tom Cruise said in some movie (I think it was Jerry Maguire? - maybe - I dunno.) "That smile is gonna be the end of me." Ahhhh and it's so true I cannot resist a man with an infectious smile! =) I love how when he smiles he doesn't open his mouth all the way 'cause it's like he's embarassed to show his teeth or something, but when he can't help it and has to smile really big he puts his head down in embarassment. It's so adorable you have to watch him. Jen and I came to the conclusion that Rick is really a "geek in jock's clothing" it's like he was goofy for so long that he can't shed the geeky skin, even though his best friend (Shep) is the coolest man on the planet and he got to do the coolest job in the world within the last month. I would like to have myself a recovered geek, basically because that's what I am, though I'm still quite the geek. I mean, what 19 year old do you know that's addicted to the news??? lol ok bye now. =)

 But as Greg Kelly's BIGGEST fan (Melissa will tell you) I have to object about Greg being 'sterile' he's not sterile ... and he does have a sense of humor, it's a bit self-depricating (which is so identical to mine) like on Sajak's show when Sajak asked him if he had seen himself on tv, Greg was like "I'm a little queasy about seeing myself on tv at all, even in peacetime." now I know some might not find that funny but I saw his humor...

 Yeah it's me! Cannot get enough of Greg's long expressive fingers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Leslie, You know I am a Mississippi girl, Shep's home state. He is pretty hot. Did you see him in People? Welcome Jan, okay if Greg's reports are a little sterile as long as he's not!!!!!!!

 Hello from Central Illinois, I found this site by accident, but it is a great site. I really enjoy watching Rick Leventhal also. Greg Kelly is hot, but he's so sterile in his reports, none of the humor or ease that I sense with Rick and Shep. Levfans, go to Harrisonline.com and you can download some radio reports from Rick to a radio station in St Louis. Warning.....he mentions the girlfriend, but he also talks about Kuwait City and the trip into Baghdad. It's more human interest than hard hitting news, but it's a little more insight into Rick.

 Okay, it's official. My heart and loins belong to Shep. He was talking about some marsh plant where he grew up in Mississippi during a story about a marsh fire, and the whole suave urbane personna dropped right there on Studio B. That sweet country twang got me. It took me 6 years of voice lessons to smother the Texas drawl, so I know what he went through to train that mellow baritone. I only fall into the twang when I'm tired, mad, or excited. I wonder which he was. I get the walking heel put on my cast next week. Had no idea how tough it would be to run the girls to school, drive (thank God we've got an automatic transmission) and generally live. My girls think my hot pink cast is too cool. Sarah has wrapped her little leg in a hot pink scarf and is hobbling around the house. I may have to break out the video camera. More fodder for the grandfolks. I hope since I'm no longer vying for the affections of Rick or Greg, I'm still welcome here. My drug-induced ramblings should provide hours of entertainment for all.

 Wow, Greg Kelly in a tux and I missed it. I agree with everyone he has nice hands. It's kinda wierd that we would all notice that.

 Well gals, I think I'm going to call it an early night tonight- this day kicked my butt- to put it nicely ;) I think we may be having to wait a bit now before we see the guys again- like someone else said, they'll probably really be off now for the next couple of weeks to rest up again. :*( Oh well! Everyone have a good evening!!

 Hi everyone! Hey Melissa, sorry I haven't posted in awhile, hubby was across to the other coast last week in LA. Had to take care of 2 little ones that have allergies really bad. The pollen has been so bad in Richmond, VA. Anyway, to your question: Rick's girls look to be 11-12 and 8-9 respectively. They looked so much like him, dark hair and eyes and beautiful skin. I couldn't tell when they were standing next to Steve Doocy, but they looked tall for their age. Any idea how tall Rick and Greg are? I can't remember who posted they look at Greg's hands all the time.....OMG I just noticed how nice his hands were on Fox last night!! Oh, BTW Jen, congrats on your new vehicle. Sounds nice. Well, naptime maybe over soon by the sounds coming out of the rooms down the hall, bye for now.

 Lol- wouldn't you know, I have a dream last night.....but it was that I was in a MALL (alluding to Rick's comment about a mall story on Pat Sajak's show). I woke up thinking, great- well, where was Rick??? I was at the mall, but where was he when he should have been reporting the mall story?! HA HA Another funny thing is that my hubby said I got on my elbows & said something about sliced cheese and mumbled something else & went back to sleep! LOL Well, I guess that's better than saying "Rick" in my sleep! (Yes, I have that tendency to talk in my sleep- but usually it's about work.) The best thing I've said so far, & a few times, is "I'm so confused!"- lol- fits for where I work.....

 Showed a photo of Greg at the White House Correspondents Dinner Saturday on Fox and Friends, Fantastic in a Tux as Well!!!!!!!!

 Greg said he watched TV when he got home. He slept in a child's single bed the first night in the Palace in Baghdad. He liked the MRE's. He loves that Colonel Perkins with the 3ID.

 Hey Jen, Yeah Geg seemed shy and maybe tired. A better word may be private. I think he is a deep and private person although he is in a social and outgoing business. I would definately guess he keeps his private life to himself. I love him all the more! Janet I want to see him in and out of his uniform! I cannot get enough of his hands! Almost seemed as though he had a 5 o'clock shadow too. I think they taped this on Wednesday PM.

 hmm if Greg's not working for fox next week maybe he can laugh at my e-mail's. (I agree with you Janet - Greg is shy in a 100% w/o adorable way)

 Hi everyone. Just got done watching Pat Sajack.. Greg Kelly is HOT. I would love to see him in his Marine's uniform. Rick looked good too. Do you think they are ever serious when they keep commenting on who got to Baghdad first and so forth? Sometimes Rick seems a little peeved. Jen, I agree that Greg seems a little shy, in a really cute kind of way

 Greg seemed shy Sally? (I'm just asking I didn't watch them tonight) well what did he say? just like the cliff notes version.....

 Really down because I fear they will be totally absent this whole next week.

 My hubby also wants to change the channel, now that my "embedded hot reporter" is off....and I'm like "what if they come back?" and he said, "they said goodbye, they're not coming back!"- (LOL when he was saying it). I can't let gooooooooo........ LOL! Rick, Rick, Rick.....hehehe **sigh** I'm so giddy now- when's the next fix??????

 What did I tell ya??? Boy, did I get the third degree- but in a kidding kind of way! My hubby doesn't understand why I think Rick is attractive- he said I should like the "Kelly guy"- LOL!! He kept saying Eccleston was hot- but I know he was just joking to kinda poke fun- that's ok. Well, at least that's out now! :D Oh yeah....he said that he thought Rick jumped in everytime Pat asked a question- like trying to beat Greg to the punch. I said, "yeah, but Greg's kinda stole his fire this week (more appearances)- plus he didn't get to Baghdad first!" (Sorry GregsGrrrrls, but I had to defend Rick!) :D

 HE CAN'T SAY WHAT HE DID?!?!?! WHY of all things would he say that. *knife in the heart - salt in an open wound* He could've made something up! I mean we all KNOW what he did! I mean he was gone for a month and he has a girlfriend, but UGH he should have made something up! lol ok maybe I'm over reacting a little but come on he can't tease us like that, it's not fair! lol ok I have to go finish cleaning my room. *sob sob sob*

 What did ya'll think about Sajak? Rick could not say what he first did when he got home! Ha, bet we can imagine. Just wanted to wrap myself around Greg. He seems a little shy and private. I will just have to bring out his wild side! Saw Shep's article in People. Said he was married right out of college, then divorced, never dates. I love these guys. Maybe they'll be completely off this week. What will we do?

 Is everyone ready for Sajak tonight?? I have my VCR/tape set to go! I just have to explain WHY I'm taping it.....that should be interesting!! Alisha- it was me that asked what part of CA you're in- my sister lives in San Diego- about a block or so from Pacific Beach. She loves it there, she's completely addicted to the beach! We were from AZ before and wanted to get away from the heat- she went to So. CA (she's partial to San Diego & has friends there) & I went No. CA (I had a best friend that was living up here at the time, plus I'm more partial to No. CA).

 Hello everyone. I am new here and I LOVE Rick! I am having definite, serious Rick withdrawal; selfishly, I cannot wait until he gets back to work, although I want him to rest too. I just miss him terribly! I can't wait to see him on pat Sajak tonight. I was wondering if anyone here has any idea of when Rick's birthday is and how old is he? I figured he is around Shep's age, though. Thanks, yvonne

 it's 3:50 a.m. est and I've just been *near concussed* by the end and underside of a table but luckily I am still am able to recall who >-] is ... now if Melissa could tell me who 8>) is...

 Hey Lynne over at Small Victory you said you saw Rick's girls do the weather on Fox & Friends. I was just wondering about how old they looked? What did they look like? I've been curious for a while now so I thought I'd finally ask. =)

 Oww, Leslie - hope that Darvocet is doing the trick for you! I've broken both my ankles, and it's no fun hobbling around on crutches. Hope you're feeling better soon. BTW, I am in San Diego (I forget who asked - sorry - I have Mommy Brain today.) I'm totally in withdrawal - I haven't seen any Fox news today, and no Rick, Greg or Shep since Thursday! (I missed the whole Naked Studio B thing - I'm SO sad!) I have to believe that these guys are finding out about groups like ours and are getting a kick out of it. I can't wait till the day we see them on air talking aout it - I'll just wet my pants. I'm setting my Tivo to record Pat Sajak - I can't wait to see it!

 I think it's time to do some shopping....in the Fox News Store! I think I've been watching waaaaay too much......I wish they had some Rick stuff. OK if not Rick stuff, what about embedded reporter stuff? Embedded reporters???? Um, I'll take one Rick please....LOL!!!

 Hehehe....you know you're in too deep when you see a Fox ad with Rick in it and you stand stock still and stare until it's over....**sigh** Thank God there's the video clips at Fox Fan Central! Do you guys watch Friends? Thurs. night's one was really funny- Joey has a soap party up on the roof & the friends go. Well, Monica is a little gung ho, flirting with the soap star guys & getting autographs- on her bra.... while Chandler was stuck at a play that they were all supposed to go to. The way she was acting & the things she said made me think of how I act inside when Rick's on - LOL! I actually didn't turn on the laptop till now, so I was a good girl today- did the cleaning & some laundry. Even took a load of stuff to storage- I was impressed! Still left Fox on though- just in case. I usually watch a lot of news anyway, but now there's Rick to throw in there too. I feel like I'm going through withdrawls- (especially since I haven't been online all day till now). :D

 You wanna know how silly I am Leslie? When I first read your post I was like "what does painting a garage have to do w/breaking your leg"

 Thanks guys. At least there were no embarrassing explanations. My husband already thinks I'm a natural klutz. My ER doctor was madly in love with Shep, my nurse was passionately "in lust" with Rick, and the Xray tech wanted to "adopt Greg Kelly and raise him as my own." It's weird how I got these three ladies out of hundreds in a large city hospital. I was there for almost 9 hours, and got more FOX talk than I had all week. Told them about the blog spot and they're going to try to check it out. Tip: never take narcotic painkillers and watch a Disney movie.

 lol thanks :) and let's never forget that Vous paraissez vraiment bon ce soir >-] hahaha -- oh wait what? you wanna put out the what? the 'Do not distrub sign' well okay.. >-] : I can't do this while your laughing

 8>) *BOOYAH!* >8-0 "booyah's my word!" >-] Jen don't laugh at my 'booyah'

 Hey ya'll, just a quick tip: if you're ever painting the trim and eaves around your garage, DO NOT fantasize about an all-nude Studio B with Rick and Greg appearances. The cast will be off the middle of June! Wonder if the guys would be willing to sign it?! I'm taking my Darvocet now, sweet dreams all! P.S. I HOPE Shep is more than just a big tease. What a total waste of manliness. PPS I think the aforementioned hormones are stored in the tibia bones of one's legs. Since breaking it this morning, I've had the wildest daydreams.

 Hi there Greg and Rick Lovers. Found this on the internet. Greg is being honored by a police association in NY on May 4th at 10 AM at Pier 84 in NYC. Wish I could get to NY. Tickets are for sale! Maybe next time! SPECIAL TRIBUTE AWARDS NEW YORK STATE SHIELDS MEMORIAL AWARD HONORING THE MEN & WOMEN OF LAW ENFORCEMENT SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY IN OUR ARMED FORCES AT HOME & ABROAD NEW YORK STATE SHIELDS LAW ENFORCEMENT SUPPORT AWARD RICHARD B. TURAN Chief Executive Officer Nassau University Medical Center, Long Island, NY NEW YORK STATE SHIELDS INTEGRITY IN JOURNALISM AWARD GREG KELLY Fox News Channel Reporter/Journalist FOR MORE INFORMATION AND RESERVATIONS CONTACT: KAREN LUCAS, JOURNAL CHAIRPERSON AT: (718)886-2371 / (917)749-7228 OR PO DAN KAPLAN, EVENTS COORDINATOR AT: (917)560-7134. TICKETS: $45.00 PER PERSON / $450.00 PER TABLE - RESERVED SEATING ONLY. FOR MORE INFORMATION AND RESERVATION FORMS: NY SHIELDS HOTLINE: (212) 576-8898 or WEBSITE: www.nyshields.com

 This is the funniest thing Melissa has heard all day: Me: Honey (what's his face) can you buy me a trashy fling, er flashy ring hahaha happy weekend everyone!

 OK- one last post before I head home- I put Rick as my wallpaper on my computer at work. I swear, everytime I minimize all my programe and see it I just about have a heart attack because I forget it's there....then I drool! LOL I'm wired right now after having a toffee nut latte (I figured I needed a treat after this week- plus no Rick today, so I need something.....) so I should hopefully have enough energy to stay up tonight! I'm gonna try to be on AIM tonight (guinnevereo in case you want to chat). Yes- we are a wild and crazy bunch of LevenGals & GregsGrrrrrls!!

 Hi everyone. I finally figured out how to get here. OK - help me figure this out. I am happily married, with 3 kids and a full time job, so why do I run to the tv whenever rick or greg are on? I even have a vcr tape just filled with them. I like Rick a lot, but Greg makes me swoon. He seems so down to earth, almost shy sort of and I LOVE his smile. I'm not going to run off with him or anything so it doesn't hurt to look and dream , right? Am I crazy or what?

 The following systems are experiencing trouble: System: Internet Access Internet e-Mail - OUTGOING ONLY HA! Now I know it must be on my end! ;p

 I guess since you're all talking about signs and birthdays I'll fess up. May 31st, I am a Gemini, the twins...work quietly at the library by day---fantasize about Rick by night. LOL I will definitly be taping Pat Sajak on Sunday! Next I am going to hit FoxNews.com to check out those 1 on 1 interviews and the Mancow thing too. Friday is my day off so I am just sufin' the web and looking for Rick in every nook and cranny..You're a great group of ladies and I'm glad to have joined this group!

 Melissa- I don't see the comments yet, but our system here is kinda funky this morning I think. All of my internet stuff is running super slow. I'll keep trying. Yeah- can you just imagine how much all the tapes would cost??? Man, I didn't even have the slightest Idea of what segments I wanted.....I was just dumbfounded when she was asking me.

 Guinnevere - I didn't even bother ordering the tape since you said you had to order by day and time -- HUH! Like I'd be able to pick, you know how much money it would cost me to buy all of them -- a lot! =) I hope they have a tape or dvd at a fairly decent price with all his reports. Are the comments showing up for you yet? Sometimes they just disappear for a while, it's very strange. BUT I shouldn't have that problem once I get my own domain and move this over to my own personal site hopefully soon.

 Melissa- did you order the Iraq coverage tape? Did anyone else try that too? If so, did they call you to find out what day/time you wanted the coverage for? That really threw me- I'm so bummed!! They've GOT to put out a tape eventually of all the embed coverage....

 'Morning Ladies! I have no idea what is going on with our internet at work today, but I can't see the comments on the blog- are you guys having the same problems? I'm not sure if it's site specific or our connection here at work. Everything here seems kinda slow, so it may be on my end. OOOOHhhhhhh the guys are on Pat Sajak this weekend- thanks Sally for posting! And thanks for the links to the interviews Melissa! I watched this morning....now THAT's more of what I've been waiting for! :D One on one, instead of them both together. (Well, now, that sounds kinda bad the way I put it! But you know what I mean.) Melissa- what awful feeling did you have? Hope all is OK now! As to the guys if they did a show in the nude.......**at a loss for words**......uh, the only thing I can think of is HUBBA HUBBA!! **drools** Wow- there are a few of us crazy Scorpios here! LOL- Leslie- I loved the "a surge in hormones wreaks havoc with one's ability to reason"- HA! So that could explain my lack of reasoning as of late- I think I'm stuck there- LOL! Welcome Alisha! Where in CA do you live? It's nice to know there's another LevenGal here from CA :) I know EXACTLY what you mean by recording the segments- I've started doing that and since we've had satellite (4 years now) I've rarely taped anything- now all of a sudden I'm taping the Fox News Channel- daily! LOL! I'm sure my hubby finds it strange (funny?)- he's asked me what I'm taping and I say "Studio B" or something like that. He knows I think Rick is hot, and he teases me by saying "she's hot" whenever Greta comes on- LOL! I've been taping Fox & Friends every morning just in case.....I don't think either of them were on there this morning- someone correct me if I'm wrong. I have the VCR set to tape Studio B today....just in case. :D Alright- gotta get to work now.

 Hey girls! I had to check the Blog before I started my morning. Last night, I could never get back on because my system was down! I wanted to chunk my computer out the window!!! I was going to share my excitement about our guys being on the Pat Sajak show Sunday night, but Sally beat me to it. Thanks for posting the link to the FNC interviews, Melissa. I hope you all have an excellent day! BTW, you can find some great photos of the guys here: urlLink http://groups.msn.com/FoxNewsChannelCentral/home.htm

 Guys I can't sleep. I got this awful feeling coming home from my movie about 1:00 a.m. and now I'm all shaken up. =/ But on a good note - no wait a GREAT note, fox fan central has individual interviews with Rick and Greg urlLink HERE!!! It's all basically stuff we've heard a hundred times before but I like these interviews better. I mean when they're talking you can definately see the emotion on their faces, it's like it's all starting to sink in. JEN!!! YAY!!! That's great news! Don't go hide under a rock! (whoops I just accidently typed rick but I changed it LOL) Shep in the nude -- that's too much for my brain to handle *faints* LOL I swear things just keep getting weirder and weirder. I was watching "Idenity" (featuring the luscious hunk John Cusack) and in the movie John's character gets shot. But before he passes out he "finishes what he was doing" can we say de-ja-vu!!!

 MELISSA: Did you read Leslie's post about the reserve gig... AGRH I did it again!!! I'm going to go under a rock and hide now ....

 I think Shep would love to do his show in the nude and was just baiting us when he said that. Wants us to picture him doing it. I think he is an exhibitionist! I as a sex-crazed Scorpio would love to see any and all of them anytime anywhere in the nude.

 Hey guys! Did anyone catch Studio B this afternoon? I can't believe Shep actually thinks no one would watch his show if he did it in the nude, especially if Rick and Greg were on with him. Doesn't Russia have a nude newscast? I started drooling at the mere thought of those three stripped down and talking about MREs. I should have known a lot of you were sex-crazed Scorpios, my B-day is Nov. 15. Jen, Greg is just doing his two-week Reserves gig. You know, one weekend a month and two weeks a year. Don't worry about him; our little pilot will be just fine. And if I hear you call yourself stupid one more time, I'll beat you about the head and shoulders with a rolled-up copy of Dixie Chicks Entertainment Weekly (or as my husband calls it Entertainment Weakly). You're not stupid; it's a well-known fact that a surge in hormones wreaks havoc with one's ability to reason. Ya'll have a good night.

 I don't think that I'm going to catch the Pat Sajak show this weekend -- so watch w/ wonder for me -- hey question -> is Jennifer Ecc'll whatever still in Baghdad? Or is going to be in studio *distracting* Greg and Rick.... nighty-night everyone!

 Good Evening Foxy Ladies, looks like the beautiful boys will be on Pat Sajak Sunday night. Don't want to miss it. Also don't miss the interviews with both the boys on the web page! What a feast!

 Ok here's the dream I had about Rick last night It was very odd: I was standing in this school auditorium next to Rick's camera guy 'cause RIck was doing a story there. And out of nowhere someone shoots Rick and I'm standing there so freaked out that I can't move and cant talk or scream or anything. For some odd reason Rick tries to go on reporting his story but then he starts slurring his words and passes out. But for some reason my dream skips to a day later and he's out of the hospital and I go out to the Garage to get a pop and next thing you know Rick follows me out there. And he's all like "I just wanted to thank you for being there for me, It means a lot to me" and I'm like "Of course why wouldn't I be there for you?" and he just keeps coming closer and closer and I know he's gonna kiss me so I start thinking 'Oh god I think I forgot to brush my teeth after I after I ate, oh god he's getting closer' and then he kisses me and I wake up. It's just like me to worry about not brushing my teeth in a dream! lol It was an odd dream all together though.

 I'm also in CA, and I feel so ripped off! I don't get to see F&F because it's just way too early to get up for me. (I have a 2-year old, and chasing him around all day requires that I get as much sleep as possible!) I do have Tivo, so I guess I could record it, but then I might have to explain it all to my hubby - he'd laugh himself silly! I was glad to find the clips from some of Rick and Greg's recent tapings online, but still - I feel so out of the loop. Keep those links to the video clips coming - I sure appreciate them! :-)

 Well LevenGirlies (& GregGirlies!) I think I'm going to have to take the night off- I'm beat. I seriously feel like a numb zombie after today. I think I literally have spirals where my eyes used to be- hehehe. I'm so afraid I'll miss something! Some of you post late at night (or what is late at night for you; semi-late for me since I'm PST- BTW- is there anyone else here in CA or the West Coast?) so many times I don't see your posts till the AM here at work. I'll have to make sure I get here early so I can catch up!! :) I'm still waiting for a REALLY good Rick dream, but geez, I hope I don't say his name aloud or something! My hubby says I talk in my sleep sometimes....but usually it's about work- LOL!

 Hey, Suzi (& everyone else), I love Sean Hannity too! He should definitely get a 31-day calendar page! And what about our "Old Man" - Ollie North? I just ordered his autobiography, & it has some old photos of him on the Navy boxing team and in Viet Nam. Man, was he a STUD!!! Jen - my birthday is September 21. (You all can tell I'm trying to cover all the bases here; between work & studying to become a registered associate, I can't post often.) And HOLY MANCOW! I stepped out of the bathroom this a.m. & saw Rick on F&F with Mancow. He was soooo delectable! To sort of steal a quote from Melissa - he is orgasmic in camo & kevlar or a nice shirt & tie. What a SEX GOD! (Ok - gotta go to rehab now, or take a cold shower...)

 Ooooh.....I wonder if he's ever in SF- for THAT I'd call in sick for work....IF I knew where he was going to be, that is (special story, interview, etc....) Hmmmmm......**sinks into daydreams**

 Ya know....I wonder why Rick was in Chicago (other than to do Mancow, which he could have done by phone)? He sure is busy for just being back! ;) HE would be about the only reason I would get on a plane (i.e., if I knew he was going on a same flight I had booked, it would make the flight VG) right now. I haven't flown since October 2001- and I only went then because I booked the flight September 6th (2001). I really debated going then; and that was only going to TX & then back. Going wasn't bad, coming back was the absolute longest flight I'd ever been on. I just couldn't wait to get on the ground again. I'm not real fond of flying to begin with, but flying within a month after 9-11, I was scared to death. Be that as it may.....I would definitely get on the plane if he was on it! OMG- Rick on Mancow was toooooooo good!! **SIGH** Needed that today!! :D Whatta guy..... BTW- they have it on the Fox Fan Central: urlLink mancow Just click on Mancow & it should take you there- hope I did that right!

 ummm ... forgot what I was going to say *ARGH* it's been one of those weeks .... *thinking* oh yeah any more word on Greg Kelly's activation back into the Marines -- please someone tell me that he is going back into active duty and not just doing something in the reserve's because if that's true .... (it's something for the reserve's and not active duty) *shaking my head* I'm an even BIGGER loser/idiot than usual ....

 I tried and tried to cal into Fox and Friends yesterday to ask Rick and Greg if they knew that they had become "sex symbols" for the FoxNews junkies like us, but all I could get was the busy signal. Where's my autographed photo? I emailed Shep @ Studio B and Fox Report as well as Fox and Friends with an idea for a Fox Reporter calendar. It was funny..I even laid out the months..Like Februrary said....Geraldo Rivera (if he HAS to have a month please let it be the shortest one, although I would prefer Alan Colmes) At the begnning I wrote : Of course if this was my calendar it would be ALL Rick, ALL year long. I gave Rick, Shep, Greg, William La Jeunesse?, and Sean Hannity the months with 31 days. Did anyone catch that F&F comment made by E.D. about Ari Fleischer being America's new heartthrob...she even read emails about some lady wanting to kiss his soft lips...Ok we may be a little overboard on the Rick and Greg thing but ARI? Come on, at least we have good taste. BTW I click on post and it works just fine every time.

 BUMMER!! On my post last night I said that I'd ordered the Iraq coverage with the embedded reporters (from the Fox Fan video/transcrips) for 34.95....well they just called and it's by date & time....so I cancelled it for the time being. She seemed to think that they would have something like that out after the war is over. BTW I did email Fox (forget now which address) and made that suggestion to them to have the embedded reports (maybe one tape for Rick, one for Greg, etc). So ladies....sorry to disappoint! I know I am! I just can't afford 34.95 each for a LOT of tapes - LOL- So, keep your eyes peeled to the Fox Fan Central (I assume most if not all of you have joined, if not, it's free) for any updates. OR....bombard them with that suggestion. They've GOT to be putting something like that out once everything winds down- especially since Rick & Greg are back now. Back to work now....

 Hey girls I'm at school but about to go to work. I just thought I'd post the link to order the "Iraqi imbbeds" video. It tells you how to do it on the page. I think I'll order it too. =) I hope it has ALL the stuff they reported I'll be very happy. =) Here's the link. urlLink https://secure.fdchemedia.com/secure/fox/forms/index.php3

 Turns out the whole Kansas City area that has Comcast cable internet was having problems. I was on hold for 40 minutes this morning to figure out what was wrong with my internet and the guy was like "What area do you live in?" and I'm like "Kansas City" and he's like "Oh they're having temporary problems and should be back up soon." All that holding for nothing! Grrrrr! Hey Sally, to post you you have to push rhe "post and publish" button for it to show up on the page. If it shows up in the section below where you typed don't worry it will eventually post when someone else makes a post and pushes the "post and publish" button. OR you can always click "edit" that is right below your post at blogger and it'll show up back in the section where you type and just push the "post and publish" button. I hope that made sense. Sally I'll go ahead and make your linke clickable. If you or anyone ever want to make a link clickable here's how you do it type all this out in blogger exactly the way it is. Don't put any extra spaces or delete any spaces. &lt;a href=http://www.link-you-want-to-go-to.com target=_blank&gt;Put whatever text you want here or type the link again&lt;/a&gt Guys I have come to the conclusion that I do indeeed have a Rick 6th sense. LOL See I woke up this morning at like 6:40 and I swear not but 2 minutes after I woke up "Fox & Friends" had Mancow on. He's that radio DJ guy. And he was talking to Steve, E.D., and Brian on the camera and then he starts waving for someone to come over to join. Guess who it was RICK! I about flipped my lid, he looked geourgeous. I got like 2 pictures 'cause he was there for like 1 minute tops, but the pics aren't good 'cause my stupid flash on my camera wouldn't turn off when I kept trying to turn it off. I also had a very strange, but semi good and semi bad dream about Rick last night. I'll share it later, but for know I"ve got to go to school.

 Okay I hope this is the link to the transcript of Greg and Rick on H&C the other night. Let me know. urlLink http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,84939,00.htm

 I'm at a loss without Rick coverage this morning.....they spoiled me! I taped Fox & Friends, but I notice that they have been having them on at the end, and they weren't today. Does anyone know when they tend to have Rick on the most? I tried searching for the transcript for yesterday's Sean Hannity Show (as you probably know, he talked to them via phone on his radio show yesterday. I missed it....). I can't find any yet, but if one of you LevenGals or Greg's Grrrls do, please post it here. Gotta get to work now.....:(

 I can't post!

 Just typed a long message twice and can't post it!

 I am somewhat computer illiterate after all you know I am the grandmother of the group. I don't know how to post the link. Go to FoxNews, Fox Fan Central, search on Greg Kelly, the third item is "Fox's Brave Journalists" Click to get the transcript. Natalie I am also a Sex-crazed Scorpio - November 2! What do you think Greg might be? Capricorn?

 OK I am computer illiterate I don't know how to post the link to the transcript from last night, but here's how to get it GO to Fox News.com, Fox Fan Central, search on Greg Kelly, the third item that appears is the transcript "Fox's Brave Journalists". Print and enjoy. I can still hear their voices when I read it!!! Natalie, I'm a fellow Scorpio, November 2. What do you think Greg might be? Capricorn maybe?

 Sally- Thanks for posting that! :) Do you mean the H&C segment they were on? I only found that one (where Rick mentions Shep's cat). If there's another one, can you post the link? And yes, I would love to know Rick's birthday- my guess is that he's either a Pisces or Scorpio. He actually reminds me of a guy I knew about 13 years ago who was a Pisces- more on that later! Melissa- I think my email is spastic tonight too- I didn't get on IM, but it seems like I should have gotten a LOT more emails than I did today....hmmmm.....internet trolls! Leslie- forced withdrawal definitely sucks and doesn't work! :) I'm having a difficult time myself.... OK- a quick bio: I'm 34 (b-day Nov. 13), married to a great guy (ex San Francisco Cable Car gripman, now instructor). We live in San Rafael, CA on a 54' sailboat with our kitty, Maggie. I have three step-kids; although one will be 30 this year (about 5 years younger than I), so I don't really think of her as a step-daughter. My step-sons are 19 & 21. I work for a medical malpractice insurance company- grrrrls- this site brings a lot of "LEVity" to my day! You have no idea.....Rick's smile is enough to make my bad day disappear! (Sounds bad, huh, but it's true!). I graduated from SFSU last year with a degree in English/Creative Writing. I'm feeling the urge to write again, so hopefully I can write my way out of my current job! :D I just haven't had any fodder...until now! :) I keep saying this, but I'm really, REALLY glad to be a part of this group! At first I thought I was the only one out there with a Rick addiction! I've been so spoiled this week with Rick coverage daily (sometimes times two), I have a feeling they'll be cooling it now for the rest of the week. Everyone keep an eye out & post if possible if there's a sighting. Talk to ya'll tomorrow! Sweet (Rick & Greg) Dreams!! :D PS- if you go into the video & transcrips in the Fox Fan Central, they have a video of the Iraq coverage- EMBEDDED coverage- check it out. You have to buy it.....so I took a chance and got it- it's $34.95 + s/h- I hope it's worth it- I'll let you know. It will probably be 2-3 weeks before I get it.

 Oops, it's the transcript from last night's Hannity and Colmes. I also just found out that you can get a video of all the imbed clips through the transcript ordering service! Greg and Rick in kevlar forever!!!!!

 Hey ya'll, just printed a partial transcript of this morning's Greg and Rick from the FoxNews site. You may want copies!

 Hey guys my internet is being seriously spastic right now. It won't let me check the blog but I'll let me come post here. It won't let me check my e-mail and it won't let me sign on AIM. I dunno what the deal is. Leslie, I would hope a man as beautiful as Shep wouldn't be "playing for the other team" but the thought of it made me laugh. You know....I did read somewhere that him and Rick took a vacation a while back....LOL actually I read that on a message board so who knows how true it is, plus if it is true there's nothing too it. I just got back from a vacation with my best friend. You watch. Tonight will be the night that Rick just so happens to "Hear about this site from a friend" and he'll check out this site and he'll read this and think "what an idiot!" and then he'll never say "hello" or he will e-mail me but it won't be very nice. =/ So, just in case I have that misfortune I'd like to apologize to Rick and say, "I admire and respect you and Shep very much and I was only joking around." There we go. That should save my butt. =)

 Operation Playmate.com -- did anyone hear about this in on O'Rielly Factor? Apparently Playboy Playmates are sending the troops pics, autographs etc etc *I guess it's good that Rick and Greg got out before they could log on right?!*

 Hi Lynne! Adrain Paul has a new show that's kind of strange. Can't think of the name of it right now. He is great looking though! I went to UNC-Chapel Hill. My husband's from Winston-Salem. Missing seeing the guys tonight. Greg is probably going in for his summer 2 weeks in the reserves. Think they have to do it every year. He looked sooo good this AM in the gray suit and blue shirt, but I still like that kevlar and khaki look too. Wish I could dream of him tonight. Melissa, please, please get Greg on that fan listing thing. I can't fill out the form because I don't know how to write HTML of whatever is required. I am betting you are a guru in this area. How do we find out these guys birthdays?

 Andrea: My b-day is Sept. 23 ... my "embed rehab" didn't last very long did it?! lol -- neither did my "no checking my e-mail" thing either -- I don't know about Shep's datin satus -- Jane Skinner seems sweet for him during her whole "Skinnersvile" thing ... but her diamond ring was blinding me so I wouldn't read too much into it though ....

 Been awhile since I checked in. It seems that forced withdrawal isn't very affective. Still got up early to watch our guys on F&F. My personal info: 36, married 10 years, 2 daughters who are both profoundly autistic, and one Australian shepherd with a seizure disorder. Life is always full at the Appling house. While I'm still a KellyGrrl (great spelling), I am becoming more and more enthralled with Shep. Tonight's G Block had me laughing so hard, my 5-year-old came to check on me. I love the man's sense of the absurd. Does anyone know what his relationship status is? Married? Dating? Playing for the other team?

 OK- so I'm checking out the rafting tour info and check out these rapids names during the trip: Troublemaker, Satan's Cesspool, Bouncing Rock & Hospital Bar.....what the ????? LOL!! And *this* is the Class III one- LOL!! Looks like fun though! I need to find out from our broker which company it is and then look 'em up. Here's one site: all outdoors whitewater rafting

 I was just at dc101 and in the What's New section is an interview site under construction, I hope that's it, or he will get another email (Elliot). I love movies for 8 year olds Melissa, my favorite now is Harry Potter, I can't wait for the next book. I think I was way more mature at 8 than I am even now. The thing about starting out mature is you find yourself slipping...at first you fight it...but then it eventually takes over and you realize that you are actually having fun. Even though I was probably driving the year you were born, right now, mentally I'm about 12 and loving it. I even kind of enjoy the Olsen twins' movies...shh. I haven't see Tuck Everlasting yet, but have heard it's cute. You know, I may be only 12 mentally, but I still have my much older habits....I tried to write this whole post in lower case, a la Rick, but had to go back and correct it...:0...I suck. But the Ducks won....woohoo

 Dangit! I'm getting irritated with ELLIOT at dc101.com! They STILL haven't posted the interview. What is up with that. They keep saying they will, but if they have, I can't find it. =/ Oh well just wanted to rant... I'm gonna go watch "Tuck Everlasting" now. That movie is SO CUTE! The book is pretty good, even though it's meant for like 8 year olds. heh heh. Speaking of books meant for 8 year olds, I CANNOT WAIT for the new Harry Potter book to come out! Yep, got sucked into the Harry Potter cult. (maybe I'm not so mature after all) LOL! I'll probaly check in later on tonight before I go to bed.

 Teri I Missed Fox Report tonight, but guess all is well 'cause I didn't miss Rick. *whew* I'll be sure to set my VCR for tomorrow. =) I'm going to see "The Italian Job" tomorrow afternoon. I'm SO EXCITED to see it! Edward Norton is a stud!! *drools* Jan, I guess you're right about my age. I've always been mature for my age, which sucks when you're growing up, but great for a time like now. =) -- LOL About Rick being the father figure . He strikes me as more of a "cool uncle" kind of guy. At least towards the troops. Plus you gotta remember -- his girlfriend is only 25. LOL I still can't believe it, no matter how many times I say it. =) Natalie, guess what I found a Wal*Mart for $3.00? A kahki and denim floppy/bucket type hat set. It was the last one there. You should check your local Wal*Mart if your hats don't come in time. =)

 Jan- even about serious stuff you're funny :D Yeah, I think you'd prolly have to be in a 3rd world country to have chickens in the hospital-lol! At least I could easily see them there.....I miss those "Rick-isms". I remember the ex of mine that used to be in the Army telling me about the slamming the needle in the thigh treatment. I can't imagine having to do that either, but when it comes to life or death, give me the needle! LOL about the picture- :D no problem! How exciting- you got two replies too!! :D I'm hoping he'll reply to my 'thank you' email that will go out as soon as I get the picture. Good point about Rick being a sort of father figure over there- maybe not to the higher ups, but to the general troops I think you're right. Keep dodging those tornadoes- they have something about them at Fox News online tornadoes Melissa- I second what Jan said- you're a lot more mature than others your age. I think I was the same way....actually I was what you could prolly call a "mature late bloomer"- LOL Hey, check out what I found on Ebay- boonie hats I didn't see Rick on Fox Report today, so it must be tomorrow. Ellen- don't ya hate when that happens?? i like that suggestion of not using caps...lol. Teri- I think you & Leslie are probably right- but I'm hoping it gets here next week. I took a look at the memo Lucy (my boss) gave me Friday- lucky me, I get to 'mentor' the new hire who starts Monday so I may not be as flexible with being able to get over to the post office- there will be at least one trip a day, but I want 3- if nothing else, for the exercise and air. I prolly won't be able to check in as often as I do during the day until August- LOL! Ugh....I'm not looking forward to this- mainly 'cause I'm afraid of messing up, but also 'cause I'm going to be even *more* behind than I already am. But.....like I said, "I can *do* it" (think that movie "the Water Boy") not to mention it'll look good on my PA (performance appraisal) next year.

 OK, my company left at 3:45 I ran to Fox to catch the Fox Report and NO RICK! He best be on tomorrow. Did I mention that HE said he had a report on Fox Report for the weekend! Anyway, I was watching Fox while fixing the closet doors. Just call me Ms. Handyman. My husband is the "intellectual" of the family and I'm the "common sence"...who cannot spell... I think reporters don't use capitals because... they were...never taught? I noticed he didn't use them. As for the pics...probably publicity takes care of that (expect within 4 to 6 weeks, yada yada). I discovered Amazon.com.! Ifound acouple well 4 CD's I've been looking for! I ordered them! Well ladies, I bid you a good night!

 Gosh-dang it. I was just typing away and BAM! my post dissapeared???? I must have hit a wrong key...ok here I go again. Ellen EAJ - It is nice to see another Ellen. I was named after my grandma on my dad's side. And about using capital letters - I was taught that it was ok to not use capital letters in e-mails so I never do. Plus, I broke my neck when I was a freshman in college [car accident, no seatbelt] and it is just easier for me not to use caps. My left hand isn't as strong as my right one. So if you catch me not using caps you'll know Im being lazy cuz it takes me forever to just type one line. Anyhow I'm thinking - we're all in here cuz we're BIG Rick fans right? so maybe we should all stop using capital letters...?? it's just a thought. I had FOX on all day but did not spot Rick, but i was in and out. You all were talking about the weather [i don't know how you all remember who said what in your replies, my short term memory sucks]I lived in San Diego for 22 yrs and I loved the dry heat. I moved back to my home state, Minnesota, a couple of years ago and I had forgotten about the HUMITITY. I'll take hot/dry air over hot/humid air any day

 PS Go Mighty Ducks

 One good thing about working in a hospital pharmacy is that if we should ever be attacked by nerve gas, we have military issue epi-pens. That means if we are ever slimed (as Rick says) we can jam a needle into our thighs and possibly survive. Only thing is-it says one dose may not be enough and I think we only get one each. Another potential problem is: How will we know if we've been slimed? We don't have chickens in the hospital. I know I'd have to be pretty darn sure I was in immediate danger of dying before I could slam myself with a needle. Although I'd be more than happy to stick some of my co-workers.... The preceeding paragraph was an editorial (except for the co-worker sentence), I'm not real concerned about getting gassed. :-) I agree with Natalie, I think photography is a form of invention in that you are not just taking a picture of something, you are putting your perspective on an otherwise common occurance. The angle you choose as well as the lighting and framing can be very inventive. I apologize Nat for trying to give your picture away. The reply about the hat was my second! I sooo want to email him again, but I'm not going to. I think as a journalist you have an editor to do the spell check and capitalization, so you can concentrate on the content. Melissa-I think you are an exception to the rule, you seem more mature than a lot of gals your age, I know some mature faster, but as a rule, guys are slower. I think after the training, they see thing differently, but I think some just want to drive big trucks and shoot big guns. I have all the faith in our military, and they are doing us very proud, but (no offense to your age group) they are kids. Don't you suppose Rick was sort of the 'father figure' over there, I picture some gawky young guys going up to him to ask HIM what was happening. I'm dodging the tornadoes well, but the pharmacist I worked with tonight lost a grill and a mower, and a tech's mother's house got hit. It's all a little spooky. I'm thinking I've used up all my syllables already tonight, I try to keep them limited...:-P

 I ordered my khaki skanky desert boonie hat! :D I ordered from South Summit - I believe that was one of the ones that Melissa listed. Melissa- Look at it this way- as a photojournalist to be, you're an "inspired inventor"- seriously! :D You find the right shots that are inspiring, and you're inventing in a sense. How you describe the heat & humidity (which I got to experience in TX) sounds like the way my grandma described it when she was still living in Indiana. She said when they were getting ready to move to AZ (over 50 years ago), she had to take a lot of breaks 'cause it was so hot & humid it was hard to breathe & just dripping with sweat. Yuck! That's why, I guess, that she's more appreciative of the "dry heat" in AZ. Not knowing the other at the time I was still living in AZ, I could see how I was naive. Mmmmm....auction it off....so, I guess we can keep checking Ebay -under "skanky desert hat" - LOL!! Man, what is it with Geraldo? *WHY* is he covering *everything*?? (Well, OK, maybe not *everything*, but it sure feels like that!! Girls, if I was attracted to him, I'd be in hog heaven since he's on so much. But I'm not. I think I'm going to have to be more specific too, about requesting Rick sightings from the FOX angel or faerie, whichever you want to wish on.....Rick *L* not Rick *F*- LOL! I keep wishing for "Rick" without specifying "L". I keep getting Rick F.

 Natlie and Leslie - I just read the e-mail I got back from the IQ test and it said I'm an "Inspired Inventor" That doesn't make sense though because I'd have no clue as to what I could possibly invent. LOL I wondered the same thing too about hin non existent capitalization, but I suppose when you're a journalist and your main part of being a journalist is to be on screen and read, that capitalization isn't that relevant. I suppose typing without capital letters is a lot quicker than taking time to push the shift button then the letter. I think it's probably just a clue into how casual and laid back he is, but who knows maybe he's like Natalies co-worker, and e-mails that way to everyone. Jan - heat with humidity - I FEEL YOU PAIN. It's the worst, it's like you can't even breathe properly! It gets really humid here in Missouri too. I hope you're staying safe with all those tornadoes! Luckily the last couple storms we've had, have shown no sign of tornadic activity. Jan that's a great question for Rick! Though I do have to say that I'm a completely different person than I was when I was 16 (I'm only 20). Especially after 9-11 happened, and that's probably (even more so) the case of those brave men a women. Leslie - of course you can stay, it just wouldn't be the same without you. =) I mean we do talk about Rick a lot, but we also talk about so much more, and that's why I think we're all such a fun group to be around. Besides, I gush over Shep too when Rick isn't available. But don't worry, it's one of those "look but don't touch" kind of things. Your flag is safely intact. LOL Natlie - I'd definately say something about the Dr. too. I hope your hat gets there on time. Maybe you should check out a local hunting/fishing store (or probably any sporting goods store), they tend to have those floppy hats a lot. =) I hope you have fun, sounds like it'd be fun to go with you boss, esecially sice she's female. Is your hubby going too? =) " ...or maybe auction it off " What'd I tell you? One of these days we'll see the hat on ebay. =) I already have all my plans worked out. LOL I'll buy it and give it it's own website. Then I'll wear it all around the world having people take photos of me wearing it as I stand in front of all kinds of famous tourist attractions. I'll take my own photos too as I go along to support my photography career. And sell my photos, and photos of the hat and donate money to the troops. =) Sound just perfect ! LOL yeah I'm living in a dream world. Maybe that's the "inspired inventor" coming out of me. LOL =) (so that's what I should have been calling day dreams all along - inspired inventions!)

 Jan- Exactly my thoughts!! I always told my Grandma something similar to that. The last time I few to AZ in the summer, it felt *just* like that when we stepped outside from the baggage area- like you just opened oven door- all dry heat. Hehe- I think you got me & Leslie confused- she did comment on the "picture in waiting" though. I'm hoping for Monday, but as my mother-in-law says, "TTT" or "things take time"......so I'll practice my patience skills (or lack thereof-lol!). :D Jan, how great! you got an answer back! His replies are casual, friendly, and very impossible to resist replying to. LOL- I was soooo certain the pic would arrive yesterday that I have a "thank you" draft saved in Outlook at work. He *does* have that way of answering that nudges you to reply. I think he's really surprised (who knows how much/how little? email he got before Iraq) that he has a fan base now and prolly does like to respond when he can. About the typing & capitalization.....I have a coworker who does the same thing- it used to drive me crazy, but I guess I've gotten used to it. She'd even do that in an email to the broker- lol!! I notice lately that since she's in the phone unit that her emails are all capitalized correctly. His emails remind me of her's - LOL!! OK- brain fade again.....is that your first or second reply from him (I swear the short term memory is going....)?? Leslie- Loved the clown thing- I agree- I'm sure Noah didn't allow any clowns on the ark! I'm leaning towards the bulk mailing thing....it's hard to say how they mail all that stuff out. I'm really curious how the envelope looks (typed out or written out....and if written out- does the writing match that of the picture?) I think I'll keep the envelope too-LOL! I'll try to be patient... 0: ) (that's supposed to be a halo above the smiley, but oh well!). I keep looking at the Rick pix and it looks like it's a solid color hat (no camo), but the GI Jane Military supplies place has 'em for a good price, so I may get two. I need to wear hats when I'm outside anyway so it couldn't hurt to have a couple of 'em. I *definitely* plan on bringing a waterproof camera. LOL- I'm not sure what I'm more nervous about- riding up with my boss (she's a she) or going down the river! Have fun at the movies- Nemo looks great!

 Nat-Thank goodness for air-conditioning, no matter the humidity level. I've always heard the come-back to the "dry heat" comment is "Yes, but the oven is dry heat too, and I wouldn't want to live there" Leslie-Still no photo? I'm getting depressed, maybe he just said that to throw us off for a while, until the ankle moniters arrive. :-P Maybe mine will arrive before Labor day.... The best news today...I heard back from him on the floppy hat question, "What happened to your desert floppy?" His reply.... "saving the hat. might give it some tv museum, if they care...or maybe auction it off. it was an impulse buy before i left new york, but turned out to be the most practical item in my kit! have a great weekend, rick." Cool, huh. I'm not going to email him at least for a while, because I don't want to freak him out. I think it's because his replys are so casual that it makes it easy to want to keep asking him stuff, besides I'm very curious (nosy??) If he would end the email with "leave me alone you freaky fan" I'd know where he stands. I can't decide if he enjoys the questions, or is just too nice to let on that he thinks I need a life. Melissa-Another serious question, "How did it feel to have your well-being in the hands of kids whose main ambition 2 years ago was to drive?" I mean that in all sincerity, I work beside teens and young adults and while there are some that act mature, there are some that I can't possibly imagine carrying assault weapons and actually listening to directions. I'm not sure I would feel all that comfortable knowing my life was in the hands of kids, some of whom I've been driving longer than they've been alive! Have a good Saturday all, I work today, but will check in tonight when I get home. Melissa, this is my favorite place to hang out, you did an awesome thing for all of us! Oh yeah, re: the email...does the journalism major not know where the shift key is to capitalize?? :-P He must not have had as strict a typing teacher as I did.

 Jan - Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Oh yeah, and mea culpa. I will never rub your collective noses in it again. Besides, there's more than enough Shep to go around; he can be your Rick Proxy. ROTFLMAO! I hadn't thought about it, but that could be a Manliness Test. Clowns? Decorating or Target Practice? When we got married, Roy's mom gave us his childhood bedroom decorations that she and Roy's aunt made. Clock, lamp, wall hangings, bedding, bank, all clowns. Scary clowns. Now that I think of it, that really explains a lot about my honey. Roy took one look at the stuff, thanked his mom, packed it away, and we haven't seen it again in the last 10 years. He picked out the decor for Sarah's room, Noah's Ark, with the statement that he was pretty sure Noah didn't allow clowns on the ark. Nat - If Rick mailed it himself, the picture should be here shortly. If the FOX news publicity department mailed it, no telling. They probably process thousands of requests and do a bulk mailing, Third Class. Just remember, good things come to those who wait. Patiently. As the mom of two small kids, I must admit that the only movies I've seen in the last 8 years (in the theater) have been G-rated animations. I long for nudity, swearing, violence, blood, adult situations....Roy and I are taking the girls to see Nemo today. For a couple of "handicapped" kids, I have to proudly admit that they're better behaved at the theater than a lot of the "normal" kids. Nat - the khaki is called desert camo. Isn't our military creative? Get yourself a disposable waterproof camera for the rafting trip. I am soooo jealous. It's been two years since we've had any kind of vacation. It's pretty sad when you look forward to a weekly trip to the "big" city for groceries. Take care, and Jan keep your head down and keep dodging those tornadoes.

 Oh my ...dah! I just took a look at the posts and saw I posted two the same. Sorry about that.Uhmmmm....it's the ...uhm...devil computer, that's it! It's the computers fault.... I looked up the skank hat at the army/navy, 17.00! That's high! Mine was 9.95. The one I got has the Marine camy on it. It's not a solid Kacki. I love it especially around here.I hope the girl's arn't reading them either. That would gross me out, anyone thinking my dad was hot. I can't even imagine my folks "doing it" (remember, I'm 42). Ug! Let alone dad as a hottie...OK, I've had enough gross for one day and I'm only on my first cup of coffee! Remember, Fox report! Possible Rick either today or tomorrow! My best friend is coming today (haven't seen her in 7 years) so I may miss the report. Let me know if he's on it and I'll catch the rerun at midnight. Slan leat!

 Jan- Yeah, that's what I told the girl who got the call- I said that I didn't care if he has Dr before his name or MD after- NOT cool at all. Yeah-especially these days, who makes threats like that? It's just not smart- it's like making a joke while going through the metal detector at an airport- just uncalled for and immature- and this guy is like 63, old enough to know better! Ah yes- I know San Jose- we were just there in April to see Tori Amos in concert. Oh my God.....the HIPAA thing....yeah, we've been briefed on that- thank God our legal & risk management depts are taking care of that and not us in underwriting! It sounds like a real nightmare...I always thought it was private too, until we were informed about it. It sounds confusing having all those different trash cans! I forget where you live- I see Peoria- is that Illinois? Yeah- the humidity is prolly the worst especially when it gets above 80 or 85. It gets like that in Austin in the summer I think- we've been there a couple of times where it's been 105 w/ ninety-something percent humidity. In AZ, they always said "yes, it's hot (115 degrees for ex.), BUT IT'S A DRY HEAT". I always hated that phrase- hot is hot. But, I found that yes, the humidity makes it *a lot* worse. Oh, hey- I forgot something earlier. I went to my newsstand by the PO & when I had come down the stairs that go right by it, I saw that they had a Fox News sign thing in their window- prolly like 3 ft by 4ft - boy did that catch my eye! I remember thinking at the time, "wow, check that out!" followed by "if only I'd see an envelope in my box like that (with Fox News)" LOL OK- gotta get my contacts out & get some sleep! **SWEET DREAMS EVERYONE**!!!!

 Leslie-I vote for you to stay too, I think we are reaching beyond just Rick anymore (but he still owns my loyalty), and I kinda like Shep, it would be a sad day when we stopped talking about him too. But... you rubbing it in "I get to see my guy twice a day, five days a week" could get you a suspension. I like the fact he thinks clowns are creepy, because I think gay guys would stick up for them. :-P Natalie-I think you definitely need to tell someone about the gun threat, these days you can never tell. It is at the very least highly unethical for a Dr. to talk to ANYONE like that. They take that oath, "First do no harm", I think a threat is harmful. Hang in there. Go on that raft trip, I lived in Colorado, in the Sangre de Cristo mountains for about a year (Alamosa) but never got around to rafting or skiing, talk about being "that close" to something. I also lived in CA for eight years, San Jose, Watsonville and Menlo Park. I am practically a military brat, except my dad worked for K-mart ;-) I'm a K-mart brat. Teri-I hope "the girlfriend" isn't reading our blogs or SHE would swear out the restraining order. And I hope to God that the mom is not letting the kids read this, or their friends at school, that would be awful! Melissa-Glad to hear the new Pixar/Disney movie is good, I love those too. I just loved Toy Story. They put out a video of 'shorts', have you seen those? They are not much longer than 10 minutes, but the imagination and talent required to create them just blows my mind. My ideal job would be working as a cartoonist for a company like that, too bad I can't draw. We have been dodging yet more tornados tonight, and we are still in a watch, several houses have been hit already. It's getting old. I'm lucky they keep missing Peoria, but the surrounding areas are taking repeated beatings. Today has been long for me anyway, it's my day of two jobs. I did the caffeine thing again tonight, but I needed all the energy for work, we were busy. I'll bet Nat knows about the HIPAA thing (privacy act for patients) but silly me, I thought it was all supposed to be private already! We have, like, four different trash cans for papers with pt. names, without pt. names, plastic bags with pt. names, plastic bags without pt. names...it's too confusing. OK, I'm tired of hearing about the heat, try 95 and 90% humidity and then we'll talk. :-) It will get that hot here sometime this summer and it doesn't even cool off at night, no fog here just a lot of cranky people.

 I was going to do the IQ test, but found that I already had- I was 127, and I'm an "Insightful Linquist"...and..."The first thing we can tell you about that is you have the natural fluency of a writer and the visual and spatial strengths of an artist. Those skills contribute to your creative and expressive mind. But that's just scratching the surface." Naturally they want to suck you into buying the "full report"- lol! There's loads of fun tests in there!

 Melissa - I got sucked into the IQ test and emerged with what little grey matter I have left smoking. But I managed a decent 133, and shock and awe, I'm a Visionary Philosopher. Now all I have to do is figure out how to market that talent. Anybody see any classified ads for Visionary Philosopher? Isn't that what they do on Wall St.? Ya'll have a good weekend, my hubby's home and he apparently has plans for us. I'll check in with you guys Monday. Night.

 Melissa- I love those tests! LOL- I did the "which Friend are you" one & no surprise to me, I was Monica. I'll have to do the IQ one- if I haven't already. I've done so many that I can't remember which ones I have & haven't done yet. Plus they're always adding more of them. Yeah, I just chalked it up to a bad day- I think I'm going to talk to my boss on Monday about the gun threat thing- it's prolly nothing, but I do want her to know my concern. After all, had the underwriter (who is now on stress leave) gotten it to me to process, I would have been the processor. I feel really excited about writing when I really get into it and know what I want to write about. I have a few stories where I've gotten that "high"- and it's great. That's partially why I bought so many of those "chick-lits" as they call them, I guess. LOL- I just got an email from Waldenbooks today that they have a buy 4 get the 5th free deal for their members....I should've waited till today- I could've prolly saved 20 or 25 bucks- oh well! I want to see the style that is out there- it tends to inspire me; although I do have lots running through my mind anyway. Let's just say I have a active & vivid imagination. :D It looks like you've been doing skanky hat research too! LOL The GI Jane Military surplus has them for $12.99- they also have those Army PT shirts (like the one I was talking about sometime last week) there for $9.99. I'm going to check out the links you gave too though- I need quick delivery. Teri- You *do* have a great imagination! I've wondered the same, if she was reading them- ha- I didn't think of it being one of us- LOL! That was me that suggested changing the characters to our guys- I haven't tried it yet; it could be a bit difficult. You'd have to program your brain to think "Rick" when you see "Mark" or whomever. That's the only hang up....I guess you could get the physical image in there anyway. Leslie- Yeah- that was great! I think clowns are creepy too. OMG- you're right- girl, you just made the hairs on *my* neck stand up!! I just have to LOL when I think of them checking in on us.....Hey- BTW I found a site called GIJane Military Surplus store- it's HERE It looks like they have authentic GI stuff- or so they say. I found the floppy hat- I think he had the khaki one- it didn't/doesn't look like a camo one. I'm going to order- I just hope it gets here in time for the rafting trip. Stay cool!! I hate the heat....I had my AC in my car break the same day of a record temp in AZ of 122 degrees in 1990. It sucked. That's partly why I moved here- to get away from the heat. Janice- Nope - no Rick sightings, but I had my Todd sighting- YAY! Got home just in time to see him reporting on Fox Report. I guess one of 'em is better than none! Maybe I'll be in for a double treat this weekend ;D Great image, too-lol! I could see it. No picture in the mail today....for the first time in my life I'm looking forward to Monday. Since my PO Box is in San Francisco and we live in San Rafael, I only pick up the mail M-F. Now I'm getting concerned.....is it: a) lost in the mail, b) did he forget to send, c) sent 2nd or 3rd class, d) my post office just really behind. Please please please let it be there Monday. Jan, if you get yours before mine, I'm going to send another email- LOL! We'll see what next week brings.

 "Millions of peaches. Peaches for me. Millions of Peaches. Peaches for free. LOOK OUT!" LOL sorry gals, I'm completely bored tonight. Do any of you remember that song? It was by a band called The Presidents of the United States of America. Anyway I just got done eating a bowl of peaches and that song popped into my head and I thought I'd share my insanity with you all. heh heh.

 Cheaper Skanky Desert Hats: - You can find one at urlLink Surviovors Surplus for $12.95 - Or there's one at urlLink South Summit for $6.95 - Or one at the urlLink USA Military Surplus for $11.75 - Or even one at urlLink E4 Hats for $9.99 You can find them all over the place by doing a search for "boonie hat" in any search engine. =)

 Melissa- you were bored. I have no desire to know my IQ. I'll live without that info!I really have serious doubts that Rick will e-mail me back. That's cool, I got two. Better than none I guess. On the bright side of life (I now sound like Monty Pythons Life of Brian), he now knows I exist!LOL! It was in the 100's here too. I ended up having to take two showers today (a no-no in the desert). I got my skanky desert hat at 29 palms Marine base. That's it! Find a Marine!!!!!!! well, so ends another day and back to my adventure romance. The guy she married disappeared and it turns out he's really IRA terrorist(thus far) yada yada! How much you wanna bet he's an undercover spy for SAS or MI5. Anyway, good so far... Slan leat!

 Melissa- you were bored. I have no desire to know my IQ. I'll live without that info! Guinnevere- I really have serious doubts that Rick will e-mail me back. That's cool, I got two. Better than none I guess. On the bright side of life (I now sound like Monty Python"s Life of Brian), he now knows I exist!

 I have succumbed to boredom. I went to emode.com and took their urlLink IQ Test Here's what it said: Congratulations, Melissa! Your IQ score is 124 This number is the result of a formula based on how many questions you answered correctly on Emode's Ultimate IQ test. The even better news is that at Emode, we've taken your IQ test one step further. During the test, you answered four different types of questions mathematical, visual-spatial, linguistic and logical. We were able to analyze how you did on each set of those questions, which allows us to shed light on the way your brain uniquely functions. At the same time, we compared your answers with others who have taken the test, and according to the sorts of questions you got correct, we can tell your Intellectual Type is an Inspired Inventor. The first thing we can tell you about that is you've got a great balance between verbal and mathematical skills (ha ha! I SUCK at math!) , and a strength in coming up with ideas. But that's just scratching the surface. I think 124 is a little above average, but I'm not quite sure. Anytime I take these things I'm a little above the average person. So I'm no genius or anywhere close- dangit!

 Did anyone else catch G Block tonight? It's official, Shep proclaimed clowns creepy. It was so weird. They just showed video of this clown at a kid's party, cut to Shep, and all he said was "Clowns are creepy." The hair stood on the back of my neck because this has been a topic of discussion around here, and it was almost as if he was answering our question. Sorry, it was 102 here today, and I think I have heat stroke. That's the only excuse I can come up with for these ramblings. Check in later.

 Teri - OK you caught me, I'm his girlfreind. There's no use denying it any more. LOL just kidding! But in all truthfulness, I doubt either one of them is reading the blog.(maybe his daughters? - I could only imagine how grossed out they would be LOL) I'm sure if they were reading it then, as Leslie says, I'd have been served with a restraining order by now. What, with my dreams and constant giddiness -- he'd be a little frightened I would say. LOL! Sorry he didn't write you back today. =( Perhaps he had already left the office by the time you sent the third e-mail and maybe he was busy today. You know working on that story for this weekend. =) Natalie - I'm so sorry you had a bad day at work. I hope you find your passion. Perhaps writing is it. Just think how you feel when you get the chance to sit down and immerse yourself into a story that you've been going over in your head. How excited do you get when a story starts evolving on paper? I love to write too, but I always draw a huge blank when I try to write a full blown story. Perhaps that's why I love reading so much, because someone else has done the writing for me, and all I have to do is read it. =) Leslie - ick 101!!?? That sucks. It was 90 here today, but it's supposed to cool off and be like 75 tomorrow. LOL I love the skanky dessert hat! I'll go on a hunt to find one now --- *searching* -- here we go now YOU ALL can have urlLink YOUR VERY OWN SKANKY DESERT HAT! via www.armynavyshop.com =)

 Hello again. I was pondering something and thought I'd throw it out to you all. I've read some postings where folks think/hope Rick might be reading the blog. He's a guy, so I have my doubts...wait hear me out before you "hang and quarter" me...now "the girlfriend" may be another matter. She's young *real young* and I know at 25 I was alot nosier than I am now. Also alot more jealous. What I'm trying to say is "she" may be reading the blog and passing on things to the "embed stud".LOL! Hay, some imagination huh! I can ponder further If you like? OK, OK if you insist. What if she's...ONE OF US!....LOL! For the purpose of setting the record straight, I'm not "her". It's just something I was contemplating. And what's super sad. I'm stone cold sober*sniff*! Anyway, where is everybody. This place is dead! Slan leat

 Well girls no answer to my third letter. Alas. I would have been surprised if I did get an answer. Our stuff was delivered to my new home on Ft. Ord. Except for a couple minor breakages (can be fixed) everything was fine (per my husband). Now he gets to unpack boxes...you go boy! LOL! I hate unpacking boxes with a passion. The joys of military life. I should write a book, Get Me The Hell Outta Here! Anyway I rearrange everything when I get there on the 13 or14. Another hot day in the so. cal. desert. I had to purchase "hair thingies" to tie back my mane. It's nasty hot...can't waite for that ocean breeze. Well back to my smut book...who suggested changing characters....hummmmmmmm Slan leat!

 Leslie- LMAO- *how* could I have forgotten the skanky desert hat?!? I need a hat, but just didn't put two & two together. Gotta do some web shopping tonight for that.....:D Hey, when as pasty as I am, I'm gonna need SPF 400- LOL. It's actually a tour company so I'm sure it's pretty safe- I'll be sure to check on that too- it's on the American River near Sacramento (or Sacratomato as they call it sometimes around here).

 No Rick sightings today. (sobbing uncontrollably) I did catch a glimpse of something that cheered me up a little, though. Gregg Jarrett was reporting from Baghdad. He had some interesting things to tell, but I uh, can't exactly remember what they were. I was too busy looking at him. Lol! He really is one of the Fox cuties. He was standing out in the open somewhere and was wearing a shirt that was slightly unbuttoned. I think that I detected a bit of chest hair. Where is a magnifying glass when you really need it? With a name like Jarrett, I assume that he's Irish (like Greg Kelly and Todd Conner), but I got to thinking about what someone here said about Fox having all of the hot Jewish guys. Instead of "We report. You Decide," or "Fair and balanced," how would you all like to see a Fox promo in which a female spokesperson comes out and says, "Fox News - Home of all the hot Jewish guys... and a few others." (Said with a wink and a smile and with photos of male Fox hotties as a backdrop) Okay, it would probably never happen, thanks to unimaginative male execs at Fox, but it makes more sense from a marketing standpoint than the rap music promo that they currently have going in order to try to attract the MTV audience. BTW, girls, Oliver North has a beautifully written column about our soldiers titled "What I learned at the war." It's worth reading and you can find it at http://townhall.com/columnists.

 Nat - We go rafting on the Rio Grand (Taos Box, Taos NM). Usually Class III or Class IV rapids, kind of like a water ride at an amusement park. One month after my C-section with Sarah, took Roy for his first trip after the Sangre de Cristo mountains had a peak snowfall. In June, you get the first run-off, great rapids but cold as ice. That year we had Class V/Class VI rapids (a very violent water ride at a possessed amusement park). Do you know what Class you're looking at? If you go with a tour company, they're always very safety conscious. If it's your broker's personal craft, just make sure he can supply proper safety gear, life jackets, etc. It's a blast, plus you get to see some sensational scenery. GO FOR IT! (Don't forget your skanky desert hat. The sun is brutal, and I have a sneaking suspicion that we no longer have an ozone layer.) It's 101 here today, and Roy's coming home to help me get the pool set up for the summer. I broke down a bought one of those little wading pools at the dollar store to keep the girls from melting. Speaking of which, I'd better go turn off the water. Talk later.

 Oh, girls, I'm *so* glad it's Friday- it's been a day from hell already & it's only noon. A co-worker got a call from one of our insureds (we insure MD's) who was quite unhappy (more like very irate). It went a little like this: he was very angry and threatening and was upset that his policy wasn't amended as requested 3 mos ago and that he'd spoken with many people regarding changing his policy. He expressed his frustration with the "incompetent people" here and said he was "bloody fed up" and felt that he needed to "come to our office with a gun" in order to get things done. Now, the way people are these days, you just never know. To make matters worse, he's one of the MDs that falls in one of the counties I handle, so that's not a great comfort to me. I'm *this* close to just throwing in the towel, packing up my crap and saying sayonara. But I *need* the profit sharing.....so I just keep focusing on the future. Geez, I could really use that signed picture of Rick right now- I'm really hoping it gets here today. Jan- it may take awhile :( so don't get discouraged. Back to the work thing, though- there are so many unhappy people here & also the insureds. I feel terrible, 'cause I know what kind of job I can do but am limited by our system and lack of enough people here to do the work. I've got 8 out of 12 of the So. CA counties & a huge broker (who have invited me to go river rafting a week from Weds- I wanna go, but it kinda scares me- anyone here done that before???). I'm just trying to hang in there.....I'm putting a copy of that signed pic up front & center as soon as it gets here!! :D

 Leslie- You sure know how to make me LMAO!! Of *COURSE* you're still welcome!!! It wouldn't be the same without you! Hmmm....good question- we have a dinghy, so the guys could hang out in there- lol!! It's funny- we don't have many places to sit- the dinette seat is covered with food (packaged, that is), and we have a recliner & a papasan chair (I know, I know- "on a *boat*? Yes, on a boat...hey, the main salon's pretty good size). So, usually when we have guests, I surrender the two chairs & opt for the floor or the steps going in. We're working on getting a loveseat or sofa. May have to wait till we get that before we do the trade.... Of course *I* may be sleeping on deck once the hubby finds out about our trade- LOL! Mmmmmmm......you got me on the last one- "with Todd Connor on....." **sigh** :D Ok- it's *way* too early to have my mind *that* far into the gutter.... :D Jayel & Ellen (aka EAJ)- Yes- that's a good point, and that's what I keep telling myself. I ended up deciding to wait till I got the picture. That gives me a good excuse to write and say "thank you". It's hard, I know, but we do want to be taken somewhat seriously at least when we do contact him. I'm sure he likes silliness, but I guess we shouldn't be overzealous. (But it's sooooooo haaaaaard! :D) Melissa- I'm glad for you that you have such a passion for something and know what you want to do! I wish I could find my passion- I like to write, but I'm afraid I don't get as excited about it (although I'd love to). You go girl, and never give up on what you want to do!! (Otherwise you'll end up like me- working a desk job doing something that you rarely get pleasure out of.) Seriously. Don't *ever* give up- you have a true talent- take it to the max! :D I know what you mean- I hope there aren't any sightings today- I haven't set the VCR for awhile 'cause I just haven't felt he was going to be on. I kinda doubt that he would be today (unless something major happens) because he said he was doing something for FR this weekend and it sounded like that was all. Gotta get to work- a couple of folks brought in Krispy Kremes- wish me luck. I've kinda destroyed my WW diet this week, but I've been working out so I'm not going to sweat it. And with that *toasting with a maple icing Krispy Kreme* I'll chat with ya'll later!

 Morning! I hope today isn't a Rick day. I won't be home to record it LOL. Well unless he's on Studio B, then he can be on all he wants. =) Maybe I should record Special Report too just in case. =) Have a good day! And Sherry Have a great trip!

 Good Morning Ladies!! Well I'm off to the beach until Monday. I'm sure when I get back I'll have lots of posts to read. Everyone have a great weeked and enjoy your Rick sightings. I have the vcr set to tape all the Fox Report shows so I can see him when I get home.

 Thanks Ellen SO VERY MUCH for that site! As I kept reading I kept thinking "That's me! I feel those things! I do that!" I have never felt so strongly about something as I do photography. In fact tonight on my way home from the movie (it was awesome!) The sky was filled with lightning. It was the strangest thing, it was only lightning no thunder, no rain. Anyway the lightning was flooding the sky. I mean if you've ever been to a concert where tons of flashes are going off at once, it was like that. It was SO beautiful! And all I could think was, "Damn I left my camera at home!" (I normally carry my digital camera in my purse) So when I got home I grabbed my camera and rushed outside and took photos for about 1/2 an hour. I only got about 3 decent lightning photos, but that's rare considering lightning is there and gone in a split second. ......ummm hold on my cat is crying bloody muder, it's raining now and she must've come outside when I went out to shoot my photos LOL!.......... Anyway I'll never forget the first time I woke up in the morning and was like "I want to take photos today!" and every day after then I feel just the same. I don't always get to take photos every day, but I would love to. I just.......I dunno words can't describe how I feel about it. It's my passion! I've never had a passion before. =) Ok, sorry for rambling I just get all in a tizzy when I talk about photography, it's similar to my "Rick Fix" high, only better. LOL

 Melissa- it is www.nlford.com - not "h" but an "n" sorry about that. Go to her sight and click on Photojournalism for the soul. You may want to check out the other photo pages as well. - EAJ

 Janice L - you could be right here... maybe asking some of those questions in our dreams is okay (maybe), but (now I just have to put on my former "teacher hat" here - sorry)... But Melissa you may want to stick to the serious and semi-serious questions if you want to come off as a serious journalist or photo journalist. I love some of the "silly" questions, like "tell us one of your favorite news blooper" which really isn't all that silly of a question. And it's okay to be junior high here, but I agree with Janice one could ruin a good thing if we come off here as bubblegumers. He's a serious journalist and I know we all love him for that. ... Okay ... I'll take off the "teacher hat" now and you can all chastise me for being "too old"... EAJ

 Melissa-you crack me up! My e-mail secrets. Well, since we're all family I'll tell. I sent him a pic of me in a bikini and my floppy hat (like the one he wore)! He was so impressed that he asked me out and will be flying down to Palm Springs airport Sat..And as soon as I wake up from this fantasy...I have no idea why he replyed so soon. Let's see if I get a third one before we get too excited ( I let my humor get the best of me on that one. If anything he'll be laughing). You want me to ask the questions? What do I look like, a bloody reporter!LOL! I found a way to beat the satan computer! I write a paragraph and than post it, than edit it. So when I get the "you have mail" crapola and get kicked off the "post" most of my stuff is saved! It worked because Satan computer did it again! The question idea is good. I believe reading that he likes the washington redskins. Saw that on another site.Anyway, let's see if I get another response. Slan leat and good night!

 I'm beginning to feel odd-girl-out tonight. With all the e-mails I've sent Shep, not one reply. It's not like he's the second most trusted anchor or one of the 10 most influential newspeople - oh, wait a minute, yes he is. But still, with my pithy comments and smooth Southern charm, one would think I would have received something. At this point, I think I would even be happy with the aforementioned restraining order. At least I'd know he (or someone) read them. Nat - something just occurred to me. How am I going to explain Shep to my husband? I mean, a respected news anchor just shows up at your house, "Honey, I traded 10 Todd's, 2 Levy's and a Rosenblatt for him. Can I keep him?" Worse, where are you going to fit 13 news reporters on that boat of yours? Do you even have enough places for them to sit? Or are you going to have to tie a little skiff behind your boat for them? Just something to think about before we finalize this trade. So, guys, when you get your little secret club together, will I still be welcome? Since, Rick and Shep are best buds, surely my obsession with the friend of your obsession qualifies me for honorary membership. Pleeeeeease? With a Koala Baier on top? (or on bottom, whatever your personal pref.) It's late, it has taken me 30 minutes and three bedtime stories (Green Eggs and Ham, Where the Wild Things Are, and If You Give a Mouse a Cookie, classics all) to get this written, so now I'm going to publish and go to bed with the satisfaction of knowing that if I don't get to join the club, at least I get to see my guy twice a day, five days a week. Nyah. So there. (Pretty, pretty please with Todd Connor on .... oh, never mind, I'm sure ya'll know where this is headed.)

 Ok like Natalie - must.....tear.....myself....away! I'm going to watch "Finding Nemo" tonight!! I Oh thought of another question for Rick: What's your favorite movie or movie genre? OH! What's some of your favorite songs right now?

 I'm definately going to wait to e-mail him some questions until I get rick-leventhal.com bought, set up and organized.. =) Fox is definately winning in the "sex apeal" department of news channels. Sherry - thanks for the info on the Sweet Rick Leventhal group. I went and read the questions. Perhaps the owner will let me post the interview on my site and give credit to her. I already have them linked on my "links" page. =)

 I think it's time to send the questions in! Sherry- I'll have to check those out! Brain fade.....Leslie- did you know when Shep's b-day is? I found it on MSN Group FNCC site- it's January 14th. I can't remember if you had asked, or if someone else had asked what Greg's b-day was......They have Todd's b-day listed as Oct. 6. Still waiting to find out Rick's! LOL OK- must. tear. myself. away. from. the. computer. now........I'll check in with ya'll tomorrow. It's been hoppin' tonight! :D

 Jan - Congrats on Rick's reaction to your poem. I'll bet he's the only guy on any of the news channels to be so honored by having a poem written for him. You mentioned his grin. I love that mischievous grin of his, and have you all noticed that when he smiles, sometimes the corners of his mouth initially lift just a little bit, as if he's anticipating breaking into a full smile? I'm so anticipating seeing Rick this weekend on Fox. It looks as if Fox is paying some attention to us Leventhal lovers. Now just give him a big story so that we can see lots of him. Fox does have some hot guys, Jewish and otherwise. You can tell that Fox chooses many of their female reporters with the object of appealing to male viewers. There's nothing wrong with that. It's a smart move and all of their female reporters seem to be quite competent. I don't think that Fox execs have previously considered that male reporters give women more reason to watch Fox in the same way that female reporters give men more incentive to watch. With the reaction to Rick and to Greg Kelly, their eyes have surely been opened. We should let Fox know that we also want to see more of the other Fox guys who appeal to us. Just a word of caution, ladies: It's thrilling to email Rick and get a reply back from him, but let's not overdo it and make pests of ourselves. We don't want to ruin a good thing.

 SILLY What is your hat size? Would you ever date a crazed fan? Do you think clowns are cute or creepy? SERIOUS Has your personal opinion ever interferred(sp) with your ability to report a story? What is a typical day for you? How much can you bench press? (sorry)

 Melissa - Great questions. I'll have to think of a couple and post them but you covered a lot of the same ones I would have thought of. I just went looking for that other interview on Yahoo and the club is SweetRickLeventhalClub (I'm sure you all know about it) but if you haven't read all the post read 251-253. Those are the ones that have the interview questions from Feb. 2002.

 Ok girls. I've already come up with some questions. I told them to Natalie last week (yes I've been plannig this for a while LOL), but here are some of mine. Tell me yours too, so I can pick the best ones and ask him. Oh yeah I want both serious and silly/funny questions. SERIOUS 1. What/who inspired you to get into journalism? 2. What is your most gratifying journalistic experience? 3. If you couldn't be a journalist what would you be? 4. How has traveling around the world changed you? 5. What are the things you are most proud of or would like to accomplish in your life? 6. How have your daughters changed your life? SILLY 1. When is your birthday? (What's your sign?) 2.Tell us one of you funniest news "bloopers" or one you witnessed. 3. Do you prefer: Boxers, Briefs, or Boxerbriefs? *grin* 4. What's your favorite sports/teams? 5. How long have you and Shep been freinds? 6. When is Fox gonna give you the Levy at 11 spot? Heck it could be 11am for all we care. LOL I have lots more, but those are the ones I wrote down. =)

 oh Jan LOL sorry, a domain name is a site that's like www.rick-leventhal.com or www.foxnews.com You see rickleventhal.blogspot.com is a SUB domain. It just means that I'm a part of someone else's domain (I'm part of www.blogspot.com) and have no control over it. I was wanting to register my own domain name for this blog like LevenGals.com but something even more cool. We could come up with a name for out nifty little "cult" group LOL Oh yes, and of COURSE I'd like a copy/scan of your photo. I'm gonna ask other people to send me there's so I can post them on the site. =)

 Nat - I know when I was writing I wanted to sound mature and stuff but I'm not very good at putting my thoughts to paper. I complimented him on the great war coverage. I also mentioned about hearing him on DC101 and didn't realize he was a Maryland native like me. I told him I enjoyed his stories he told with his friend when he was on the radio about going to Rehoboth Beach. I told him it was great to see him back and to keep up the great work. I didn't ask for a picture but wish I would have. Next time. Also I read on another site that Todd is very good at responding to email. Don't know if you had emailed him yet but you might want to give it a try. Melissa - He might do an interview if you make a list of questions. When I joined the yahoo group (sweetrickleventhal - or something like that). I was looking through all the post and the owner of that site sent him a list of questions and he answered them. It was back last year sometime but I remember seeing it and he answered a lot of questions. I thought that was great that he took the time to do that. I remember one of the questions was about his daughters and he had said something like they are beautiful, smart and amazing in every way. I thought that was so sweet. So if you told him it was for your site and that we all have questions he would probably do it. Jan - Congrats on getting a response, I know you will be watching the mail everyday. LOL

 Natalie, I emailed him again too, I got brave and asked him whatever happened to his floppy hat. I'll let you know if I get an answer. I do have a scanner, but I'll be damned if I know how to work it. I try to break...er...figure it out this weekend, otherwise I will definitely send a copy to Melissa, if she wants to do it.

 Melissa, I am so computer illiterate that all I read was 'hey! I got a fun idea, blah blah blah....rick-leventhal.com! What do you gals think??' Whatever it means, as long as I can stay, I say sure.

 oh I'll have to post the link to the Todd Connor site once it's up. Do you know if it's a fan site or an official site? edit: nevermind I just checked it out, it's a fan site, but I like that photo of him! I signed up too to find out when it's launched.

 That would be great! And then you could include a link from this one to that one (unless you can move the whole thing....) that way if he *is* checking in, he won't be thrown for a loop. OK- I can't wait. I gotta email again, but I have *no* idea of what to say. I'm just *so* super psyched right now! :D Subject: Heck if I know....lol! edit: Regarding the Todd Connor site, I'm not sure- I found it by joining the yahoo group for Todd Connor addicts er, I mean fans and it was in their links section. Their site's at here Then just go to links- and it's near the bottom. I can't tell if it's official or not....I would like to think that they would ask (as you did).

 hey! I got a fun idea, I could register a domain name specifically for this blog! That'd still let me have a fun and creative domain while still having rick-leventhal.com ! What do you gals think??

 OMG! Jan! That's *AWESOME*!!! OK- when we get our photos, we gotta scan them and get them to Melissa so she can post- or if you don't have a scanner maybe you could mail a color copy to Melissa so she can scan & post? LOL- puke! I thought I was going to scream with glee when I saw it (and this was 7 AM in my office....) lol! OK gals, I just *know* he's gotta be reading our blogs and just getting such a kick out of us!! Amen, Jan- Teri you ask the questions! He's got your number- LOL!! LMAO!!! Girl, you're too funny! You're on a roll tonight!!! :D :D :D Ya know, our group reminds me of a larger version of the Ya Ya Sisterhood.....hmmmmm.......the Floppy Hat Sisterhood??? the Levyfan Sisterhood? c'mon- I'm sure we could come up with something- especially if we get the handshake- LOL!! Hey- I found out there's going to be a www.toddconnor.com site- I subscribed so I would know when it's up. (mind out of the gutter, gals!) LOL!!!

 Melissa, he'd be a fool to turn you down for an interview, just tell him if he refuses, we will make up the answers for him, and I'm sure he wouldn't want that. "In Rick We Trust", cool motto, now we need a handshake.

 Oh Leslie, maybe that rogue band of Jewish dressmakers also makes satin Emb-bedding. They have a lot of hot Jewish guys at Fox to choose from, of course only one true embeddee(?)

 YAY Jan - WHOO HOO us LevenGals are Kickin' some ass! LOL ROFLMAO!!! Levites - floppy hat and no showers! Hey my fasite does say "In Rick We Trust" LMAO

 I haven't asked for a picture yet. Key word *yet* LOL I plan on trying to e-mail him a couple times, see if I can get some info out of him. (Like when he'll be on, so we can prepare to watch/tape) then ask for picture and ask if I can do a "Survey type interview" for the site and hopefully he will. =) Hopefully he won't read this and my plans be spoiled LOL

 I got a signed picture on the way!!!!! WayHoo!!! I emailed him the poem and he thought it was "clever, definately worth a signed photo". My face got so hot when I saw the return address as Rick Leventhal, I thought I was going to puke. Lynne, I totally asked for a photo, no pride here :-). Actually I sent the poem and a note "Before you even THINK it, I have a job and a life, I just enjoy watching you guys on Fox. I thought if it gave you a chuckle and got me an autograph, it would be worth it, keep doing what you're doing." Then I signed my name and address. I can't believe Teri got two replies in one day. Way to go girl, I nominate you to ask the pertinent questions, like birthday, height, music preference.....I am SO kissing your hand. Natalie, I want to hear the second you get your pic, because now I have to wait for mine, and I hate waiting too. I think it should be official...we have been discussing religion and now Rick refers to us as a "cult following", we could be Levites...we all wear floppy hats and refuse to shower for 30 days at a time, this could catch on. If we could just get people to wend money.....;-P

 Lynne- LMAO- I know what you're saying!! But it's a good thing you kept it "clean" and professional-- I prolly scared him off by suggesting the restaurant- too personal? LOL First I praised his work and then I asked (well, ok, maybe *begged* would be the better term to use!)- I told him it would *truly* make my day if he would send one. Did anyone else ask for a picture in their email to him?

 Teri! I'm excited & jealous! *grins & then pouts*....I replied to his reply & didn't hear anything back....but maybe I need to start fresh! Actually I was thinking of writing a new one when I got the picture (which did *not* come in the mail today, but there's always tomorrow....) My post office is uncannily behind on a regular basis it seems, so I can't blame Rick! :D OK Teri, I want to know your emailing secrets! :D Maybe I should have waited to email him today instead of on Sunday or Monday (I forget now when I last sent). What a cutie!! And I think you're right- a secretary wouldn't write that. I think I have gremlins in my computer.....I just typed something, and God only knows what key I hit, but it erased the whole paragraph.....Ok. Melissa- I know, huh- I keep getting a vision of Rick sitting back in his chair with "that grin" on his face (or would that be a smirk?), resting his chin between his thumb and first finger just soooo bemused by what we write! Kinda makes me giddy just thinking about it......lol! I was also wondering if Rick was short for Richard....I'm not sure. He looks more like a Rick than a Richard or Rich. Nah. Definitely gotta be a Rick or Ricky, as Shep calls him. It is kinda funny though, isn't it? Sherry- it *is* hard to know what to say- for me, I feel like I gush like a schoolgirl, so I have to edit, edit, & edit some more. It is really cool that he's answered now to 4 of our emails (2 of Teri's, Melissa's & mine)- that only encourages me to write more, but....what? What I told him in my original email basically was commending him on the job he did in Iraq, how much we (the viewers in the US) appreciated his hard work. More lightheartedly, I mentioned a *very good* New Mexico style Mexican food place in Manhattan called Los Dos Molinos. There's one in AZ that my dad & stepmom go to religiously- like 2 times a week- since about 1992. They could own stock. It's owned/operated by one family and they wanted to branch out to NY in 1999 or 2000. In fact, they helped feed the volunteers, firefighters, & police after 9/11. They have such awesome food (and the best margaritas)- it's always a *MUST* when I go home to AZ. I told Rick that he & Shep should go there sometime (obviously to the one in Manhattan). I wrote back and said "Thank you so much for your quick reply! It brought a smile to my face that stayed there even in the toughest moments at work on Friday. I will be watching my mail! Please keep up the great work and always know that it is appreciated- thank you for going the extra distance to bring us reports from a human viewpoint. Be sure to try Los Dos Molinos in Manhattan- grab Shep and try it out (if you haven't already)!" I thanked him again and that was it. I was kinda hoping he'd say something back, but not counting on it. Teri gives me new hope! Yay! I figured that maybe he wants to give everyone a chance at an answer so maybe he only replies once- guess not! :D Ellen- thanks for sharing the essay- what a powerful statement. It's so precise and when we really think about it, it's very true.

 Ladies, I just got the guts to email Rick. I didn't want to scare him off with comments about my dream about him, I kept it professional.BUT I DIDN'T REALLY WANT TO. I will let you all know if he responds. For those of you expecting pics from him, did you just ask for a signed photo in your emails to him? Going to bed now, it is 9pm and the kids are asleep. Good night....

 While I love The Pulse, I don't know if I can tolerate to watch this Mike Tyson interview. I saw some snippets on Fox New Live earlier and I couldn't believe some of the stuff he said.

 hmmm got me thinkin' Shep does kind of have eyes like a cat. They're very intense. LOL just found this blog by searching MSN for: "Mal James" photo journalist I did photo journalist only because photojournalist didn't come up with anything.

 Hey Shep fans: found a quote about cats, could be a reflection on Shep's style to say just the right things. If animals could speak, the dog would be a blundering outspoken fellow; but the cat would have the grace of never saying a word to much. - Mark Twian I own a cat and a dog - but I love dogs best and I have been known to say to much. - EAJ

 Ellen, I can't get anything with that URL I even tried hlford.com to see if I could search on there, but I can't. GREAT quote, that's totally how I feel, except I'm stil learning exposure and lighting and all that technical stuff. =)

 Melissa - while hunting the net for info on Mal James I came across this site. //hlford.com/essay.htm . It has some incrediable photo's (photojournalist style) and it opens with this essay about being a photojournalist. I thought I would post it here because it is worth sharing. "A great photo happens when a photographer sees a situation unfolding in front of them that evokes an emotion that the photographer feels deep down, in the middle of their chest. And in a split second, they then make a conscience choice of exposure, lens, depth of field, lighting, body language, composition, etc., and releases the shutter. The film is then processed, scanned, laid out on a page, printed on a press, driven across town to the newspaper carrier who throws it on some guy's porch, who then opens the newspaper and looks down at that photo and if that guy gets the same feeling deep down in the middle of his chest that the photographer did when they viewed the situation in the first place, they have made a great photo." I hope that over the years I have just stirred one heart with my work that way.- Ellen aka. EAJ

 *squeeeeeeeeeeeals!* Teri! I'm soooo jealous of you TWO in one day! He must be suffering from boredome! We should entertain him! Girls I think we have a bored stud muffin on our hands! It's ok we'll devour him in a matter of minutes! heh heh! The lack of Rick on tv has definately been made up with your e-mails! Thank you very much Ellen! I love photography very much and I've been trying to work on my site to add more of my more recent photos, but I've been so busy with this site, work and having issues with my personal site - it's like the hours melt away. Plus it didn't help that my scanner was spazzing out this past weekend. I would like to check out some of Mal's still photography too. *dreams of being Rick's personal photographer* LOL yeah right, like that'd ever happen. =)

 Okay I just sent my email off to Rick. I have been meaning to do it for weeks but never had the time to think about what I wanted to say. I read it like 5 times to make sure it sounded right. Didn't want to sound like an idiot. It sounds like he has time on his hands to answer them right now since he is never on the air. I guess we will see if I get a response. Well at least we know he will be on The Fox Report this weekend. I'm going to the beach so I'll have to tape it and watch when I get home. I guess there were no Rick sightings today. I'm babysitting for my best friend and she has digital cable at her house and it doesn't get Fox New so I'm going through withdrawals. It is the craziest thing here if you have regular cable you get it but the digital cable doesn't offer it and it is the same cable company. Crazy Crazy.

 Melissa- just dropping off a note about your photographs. I never notice that you had a site for them before. I just wanted to let you know that the one of you is the best. It is the most honest and tells a story. True, I tend to lean towards photojournalism rather than art shots - which is rather unusual since my own artwork leans towards the abstract. But to me there is nothing more powerful then a camera in the hands of a good storyteller with a heart. Could be that is one of the reason's you are a Rick Leventhal fan. Have you ever seen any of Mal James' (Greg's photographer) work (his still work). I have to say I was impressed with his camera work and the way he related what he saw in Iraq. A photographer tells a story twice. He take the picture and then in the process of the process (darkroom) he/she lives it all over again. I could see Mal James taking pictures in his head as he related his story to us in "Eyewitness to War". Powerful stuff. I wonder if he has a site with his still photos. Hmmm... I may have to check that out. Anyway - you have talent.. get goin' girl and get out there and take those pictures :-D . -EAJ

 OK girls, I'm the woman, kiss the hand that typed the e-mail!LOL! I got a second e-mail from Rick today...the boy is bored, he's got to be. Here it is dog days of (EARLY) summer. in the office, but not much happening here in nyc at the moment. i do have a story airing on this weekends's fox report...and who knows? when the stuff hits the fan, i just might be there. thanks for the interest, rick What this letter tells me is that he may not have a secretary. Well, being that I have shutz pah I asked him! I'll let you know, of course if I get yet another reply. Slan leat!

 Teri the poor boy will never speak to us again. "levenagal cult" LOL! Maybe he'll get a kick out of it. Maybe I'll just stick with rick-leventhal.com it seems the best. Maybe later I can do something clever and funny with it. Once it builds up a fan base. Hey a thought just randomly wandered into my head -- "I wonder if Rick's name is Rick or Richard?" probably Rick. Wouldn't it be funny though if it were Richard. It'd be Richard and Shepard. LOL! Rick and Shep. Yeah, I'm an intelligent person because I'm so very amused by the sound of a name. Ok that's it, I think I should see professional help! LOL!

 Melissa - I also sent Shep an email asking him to have Rick guest on his show. I'm sure any such decision would have to be made by Shep's boss, but maybe Shep will try to convince Fox to let it happen. An hour with the two of them would be heavenly, but at the very least Fox could allow Rick to join in when Jane Skinner brings in goodies for Shep to sample and give us ten minutes of conversation between munches. I've wondered if Rick is going to write a book about the war in Iraq. I read someplace that Greg Kelly was supposedly planning on writing a book on his experiences. Greg was apparently on TV four to six times yesterday. I have a feeling that Fox deliberately put him on that many times, even after the La. serial killer suspect had already left Atlanta, because they knew that there were a lot of Fox fans who wanted to see Greg. Possibly, they'll give the same treatment to Rick if a story ever breaks that he can report on. As far as names for your page, I like rickleventhalfans and levyateleven. I tried to think of something to go with Rick, but all that I could think of was rickschicks or scruffyrickrules. (scruffyrickrules would, of course, require a scruffy Rick pic from his embed days.) Sherry - I was thinking of Bret Baier as a teddy bear, but koala bear works just as well, if not better. He impresses me as a thorough, careful reporter, who's easygoing and polite. At the Pentagon briefings, he asks good questions, but he's always respectful, unlike some of the other reporters. He's single, too. During the war when some of the Fox reporters were working late, Shep mentioned that Bret had left because he had a date.

 I'm going to try again! This time the satan server kicked me off the net after I typed a good portion of my post! Ok, we're going to hopefully find out where Rick is, I emailed him again asking "where he was, levengal cult looking for him", tell fox to put you to work...Yada yada. I'll keep you posted. Melissa, that's what that edit button is for! LOL! DAH! Guinnevere- so there's three shorties! Are you guys good at cabnit climbing as I am?LOL!I'm a 32A/B .yup, can you say training bra! I'm not complaining one bit either. Well, I'm going to end before this Satan computer does something else! Slan leat! P.S. I was editing this and lo and behold the satan computer kicked me out to tell me I had new mail! The edit saved my post!

 "Even though it might be unimpressive in size, some good news you'll be hearing today could put you in a happy frame of mind and brighten your outlook".---OK this was part of my horoscope today- I take this to mean that my signed picture should be coming today- LOL- where's my damn picture?!?!? (In case Rick actually checks this blog out- I'm just kidding- honestly!) I'm really not the most patient of people- if you couldn't tell already! Leslie- You're on, girl! Name the time & place- LOL!! :D I'm sorta squeamish- it depends. I can read stuff fine- it's the visual and audible things I have problems with. I prolly would have been voted "most likely to attract weirdos"- LOL. My husband is the first "normal" guy I prolly attracted....I usually attracted very strange guys- the kind you *really* want to run away from- FAST. About the patience.....see above- lol!! I'm really hoping for a book- I sense an email urge coming on....watch out for the flying mac & cheese! And from what Melissa says, it almost sounds like Shep's interested in true crime too, maybe(????). Melissa- yeah, we have a great group- I think we're like one of those therapy groups- lol! Hey- you, me & Teri are all the same height! I know there was a girl on the MSN FNCC site that got pic- I'm really hoping it's before the last mail run tomorrow (Friday)....I'm just dying to put that up at work- I *need* smiles!!! :D Actually what I'm going to do is put up a color copy at work and then put the original into my scrapbook- well protected and outta sight! :D I think you should do the www.rick-leventhal.com & then have other things link to it? (I think that suggestion was made- either by you or someone else- that way you can get a lot of hits on it). Cute email to Shep!! Mmmmmm- yes, definitely would have to be photo inserts in his book! FULL COLOR!! WELCOME ELLEN!! And to second Leslie, we are completely harmless and have loads of fun here! Teri- yep- same height, brown hair (well, depending on the color I use-lol- but I'm naturally brown)- but I have green brown eyes- actually kinda like Rick's. Sorta flat- about a 34C- I *would* have liked to have been a little flatter- LOL!! AND CONGRATS ON YOUR REPLY!! YAY!!!! THAT'S 3 OF US WHO HAVE GOTTEN REPLIES- YAY US!! It sounds about the same- but I *ABSOLUTELY LOVE* the "please tell any other members of my 'cult following' the same" *****swooooooonnnnnsssss***** HOW SWEET!!!! ;D ohhhhhh I want that picture now.......WHERE IS IT???? I'm so curious as to what he wrote!! Yeah, it is actually pretty cool that he acknowledges his "cult following"!! Kinda makes you wonder how much of this blog he's checked out- LOL!! It finally cooled off here today- the natural AC kicked in (the fog) *much* better. I couldn't sleep last night 'cause it felt so warm. Ok, Melissa- I took your advise on the "Milkrun" book- I, uh, kinda spent about $160.00 on books- all "Chick-lits" as I'm finding they're called- LOL!! Also- I know you saw the movie, but they also have a "Down With Love" book out- with pics from the movie in the middle, in full color. OK- I'm totally slacking- half hour past my lunch time- still eating. Gotta finish & get back to work- talk with all ya'll later! I have one more PO (post office) run left today.....so we'll see. Sheesh, I'm hoping it's by tomorrow afternoon! I don't want to go through another whole weekend waiting- LOL! Oh yeah- Melissa- I do have a scanner, so I'll be sure to scan so you can post.

 Welcome Ellen Fobbe, I am also an Ellen. I was reading along (backwards since the last post is the first) and was saying to myself "why are they welcoming me? I have been here a while". And then someone said welcome Ellen F, and I thought "thats not right" ... I keep scrolling down and "Tada!" There's a new Ellen. This could get confusing for the others! Should we let them just be confused.... Nah! So I will sign off as Ellen aka, EAJ or as EAJ. Again welcome, I don't run into other Ellen's that often so it is nice to meet you. I was named after my grandmother's middle name. Which by the way I am rather happy about, because if they had choosen her first name I would have signed off as Matilda. - Yours Ellen aka, EAJ

 Teri - That is awesome. I know you have been waiting. I need to sit down and write mine sometime so I can be giddy like the rest of you. I know what you mean about this winter in Maryland. I didn't think I would ever dig out but of course now it has been raining for like two months straight. I'm hoping it clears up this weekend since I"m going to the beach tommorow. I also saw Jeff Goldblait when I was home at lunch - I think he is a cutie. Melissa - Your lucky to catch a glimpse at work since during the day is when they always seem to be on. And of course I always miss it. I take it there were no Rick sightings today on your day off. That is the way it always works. Welcome to the board Ellen!! I know everyone was talking about the height thing and it is hard to tell. Shep looks tall to me. My husband is 6'2" and he looks to be at least that tall. I think Bill O'Reilly was saying he was like 6'3" or 6'4" so you can kind of compare to him (of course he is always sitting down) It is kind of hard to tell on TV. I was thinking RIck and Greg were maybe 6 feet but who knows. In that picture of Greg and Rick where Rick has his arm around him isn't Rick taller. I will have to go find the picture and check it out. Well enough on that. Leslie - I like your name for Brett Baier. After you said the Koala Baier I saw him on tv and he does. Cute and adorable!

 Teri you can go back and fix it. Where you post on the blog you can scroll down to your post and click the "edit" link and edit it. Just so you know. =)

 YAY Teri! LOL he knows he has a cult following! He's probably staring at the computer going "These girls are crazy, and I have to e-mail them back. God help me." LOL See, you know it was him 'cause no one could fake that sense of humor he's got. =) Someone asked if I get to watch tv at work. Well sort of. My mom has a tv in her office and my office is right next to hers and we have a little window and doorway in between our offices. My mom works 4 ten hour days a week instead of 5 eight hour days, and I have to work on her day off, so I use her computer and get to have free reign of the tv on that day. Then once in a blue moon I can talk my mom into watching Studio B instead of Marth Stewart. Also I get one day off a week because I work part time. Today is my day off so I've kept tuning in to Fox News to see if Rick is on. They've been talking about this Laci Peterson stuff all morning so I'll flip back and forth between Fox and something else. I don't think I've missed any Rick especially since no one else has claimed to see him this morning. Wow Shep was just talking about how he's coverd stanic cult cases and that strangling a baby is not what they do, and the way he was talking about it was just -- I dunno he had a passion in his voice. Don't think that's quite the term I'm looking for, but basically it seems to me that he knows a satanic cult does gruesome horrible things to babies and just how horrible it is. I'm sure he's pretty biased against Scott Peterson considering he covered the OJ case. But you know right now there's no doubt in my mind that Scott did it. I may not know all the facts, but considering how shady he's acted, I can't believe that Scott didn't play any role in the murder of his wife.

 Damn! I miss spelled "cult". Rick spelled it right. I can't type worth cat doody!LOL! Hope everyone is enjoying the day. I'm in for another hot day. That's ok. As long as it's not snow! After this winter in Maryland I hope to never see the white stuff again! Oh boy, I was hoping Fox would spend another large amount of time on Lacy Peterson (may God rest her soul). THE BABY WAS BORN AFTER MOM WAS IN THE WATER!!!!!!IT"S NOT DECAYED LIKE MOM! jezzzzz.

 I got a reply! thanks for writing! it's gratifying to know people were watching and appreciating the hard work we all put in. please tell any other members of my "cukt following" the same! all the best, rick There it is. I printed two copies for the memory book! Slan leat!

 Hello everyone! Another day. Not bad, Goldblatt was on along with Rosen. But no Leventhal!!!!!!! Welcome Ellen! Guinnevere-We're the same height, like celtic music, learning Gaelic...now if you have brown hair, blue eyes and a flat chest we'll be twins LOL! Where is Rick! No reply to my e-mail yet. Maybe tomorrow. Slan leat till later!

 LOL Leslie I'm amused by little things. A Koala Baier!! Actually I can't use symbols in a domain name but I could do www.levyateleven.com or www.levyat11.com, what I'll probably do is register www.rick-leventhal.com as a "pointer" name (one that takes you to the real domain) since I know having his name will help people find the site. Then I'll register something creative for the real page. I checked www.leventhalreports.com and it's not taken. I kinda like that one too. Ok I feel it today. Today WILL be a Rick day. I know I said that yesterday, but that was just me hoping it'd be a Rick day. Today I feel it. Plus I'm off work today so it would be mighty convenient for me. =) Did you guys see Tony Blair touring (I believe it was Basra) this morning? Maybe it was yesterday. These kids were doing a song for him and he just had this huge smile on his face. It was so adorable! It's a shame the majority of his country doesn't like him because he stood up and did what's right. He's a great leader and I'd take him as president any day if it were possible.

 Melissa - Didn't Shep call his late night chats with Rick Levy at Eleven? How about levy@eleven for your site name? Yes, I did call Mr. Baier a Koala, so I guess that makes him a Koala Baier. Ellen F - Welcome! We are a little nuts around here, but completely harmless (to each other, that is. I wouldn't give Rick, Shep, Greg, or any of the other FOXes a snowball's chance in hell if they accidentally wandered into our midst.) Just relax and go with it. It will seem less scary that way. Lynne - I'm a statuesque 5'8", too, and understand the need for tall men. We've got to at least try to appear petite, right? My husband is 6'2", too, and looks like a Marine recruiting poster. Sweet, kind and gentle, but a little scary-looking. I must admit my admiration for someone who can juggle dirty thoughts and dirty laundry at 8 am. That is truly a gift. Jaylee's graduation from PPCD to Kindergarten was this morning. She looked adorable in a tiny black robe and mortar board. They're both going to be in the same classroom next year, our school is so tiny that K-6 special education is in the same room. Even adding Jay, there will only be 3 kids in the class next year. The teacher-aide/student ratio is 4-3 right now. Both girls require full-time personal aides. If we were in Amarillo, the t-a/student ratio is 1/6. God bless the small town school. I'd better get off here, I just got pelted in the back of the head with mac'n'cheese. Things are getting a little wild at Casa Appling. Ya'll have a good one.

 This is my first post, I tried last night but did something wrong. I love this site. I LOVE anything to do with Rick Leventhal. Finding this web-site has been a God send for me. You all are great to 'listen' to. Let's hope we havee a Rick sighting today. If not I'll just have to rewind my VCR again and rewatch the tape from Sun. and Mon. ellen

 Good morning everyone... I am 5'8" so I look more for the tall guys. My husband is 6'2". I was thinking that Rick was 6'1", Greg and Shep around 5'11". We all know that 2 inches can make a difference (bad lynne, so early to be talking like that-just wanted everyone to start their day off with a smile ) Gotta go do laundry, big decision, colors or whites first, ummmmmm

 Melissa - I think it is great you are getting your site going. As a Net surfer junkie, I used a lot of search engines for doing research for things I sell - yes on "eBay", I know that if you do not put the words "Rick Leventhal" in your sight name address folks may not find your sight. For example - I found the article Rick wrote by using his email address on a search engine. Therefore if you want lots of folks to discover all your hard work and Rick has pretty much given you the go ahead I would use his name or at the very least his last name. How about some of these: ourmanlevyleventhal, rickleventhalfans, leventhalreports, ourmanlevethal, therickleventhalpage. ...you know what I will go try some of them and see if anything turns up on the search engines - could be they are already used. - Ellen

 I love you girls! I could be having the worst day and come here an always be cracking up by the end of the night! Leslie, LMAO "satin rules" ahhhh just love that these kids are going to actually grow up and become adults one day. I don't think Shep looks like a catfish either, I just couldn't say anything to the guy that said it 'cause you know I'd never hear the end of it. I Love the shark reference, that's a nice manly creature to be compared too. =) I can't remember who (maybe you?) said that Bret Baier reminds them of a Koala. LOL I think of that evertime I see him now, but I think Koala's are cuddly and adorable looking. Let's see what animal does Rick remind me of...hmmmm I dunno Teri, I'm 5'3 too so any man above 5'6 is tall to me. LOL Rick seems "just right" but I would think that wouldn't I? Natlie, I read somewhere that a gal got their signed photo in the mail today so I assume yours will be there soon. Do you have a scanner? I could post the photo on the site. What is your hubby gonna do when he finds that picture? Or are you just gonna keep it at work or something? LOL You gals gotta help me think of a cool domain name for my Rick site. I don't want to do something as simple as www.rick-leventhal.com I'm thinking I want something creative like -- well I dunno what but something fun/funny and easy to remember that pertains to him. Maybe something like www.floppy-hat.com or www.thefloppyhat.com or www.latenightlevy.com LOL feel free to pitch in ideas. Though I don't want it to be like www.levengals.com 'cause I want guys to feel it's ok to join the fanlisting as well LOL. I sent Shep a Bmail today talking about WMD's and pleading with him to have Rick on his show. I was like "Us girls KNOW you're friends. You need to pull some strings, we need to see more of him! Especially when he's on with you." I will continue to nag TPTB until they have him doing more stories. Hey maybe Rick is taking time off to write his book heh heh, OH and maybe he'll include one of those photo inserts in the middle of the book with him and Christian. Hey, a girl can dream can't she?? Rick should sell that hat on ebay, he'd make a fortune. LOL I'd buy it and devote an entire website to it. LOL just kidding. Speaking of Ebay for fun I searched it using "leventhal" and came up with: " urlLink Albert R Leventhal-Pictoral Book on WAR-1973 " kinda odd huh?

 Nat, I'd trade you ten Todds, two Levy's and a Rosenblatt for a Shep. I'll also give you my first round draft pick. There is just something about that boy that makes my aged heart skip a beat. As for height, Jay Leno is 6'1" and Shep was pretty even with him, I would put Rick between 5'10" and 6'. And bless his little Marine heart, I'd be surprised if Greg was 5'10". There aren't many 6' fighter pilots, can't fit in those little canopies. I don't get squeamish very easily. I've dated too many cops, paramedics, etc. I sometimes come off as being a little calloused. During my internship at KAMR, they always sent me out on the gore calls because I was the only one that could shoot the video without losing lunch. As far as scared, I'm more morbidly fascinated than scared. I would probably have been voted Most Likely to Date Ted Bundy in high school. Tonight's libation of choice is Hurricane's so I'm not guaranteeing the spelling or rationale of this posting. One of my college buddies came home from a business conference in New Orleans this weekend bearing gifts of Hurricane mix and Beignet mix. You can indulge in one or the other, but it is morally wrong to have both at the same time. For you LevenGals, patience is a virtue. May's sweeps is almost over, the books will come out sometime mid-June, and then there will probably be a bit of a station shuffle. News is news, but all tv stations (network and cable) live and die by the books. The marketability of a reporter is just as important as his credentials, and the people selling the advertising want to be able to say, "Look, we have a huge fan base, loyal audience." And ladies, 20-35 is a key demographic. You have the power! Just keep pressing TPTB and they'll get the idea. It looks like I'm going to have to turn everything off so Jay will finally get the idea that it's bedtime. You ladies have a good night. Lynne - wish your little one a Happy Birthday for us.

 LMAO, Teri! Heh heh- it *does* make me wonder what is going through his mind about all these emails he's getting! I'm hot now, but that's 'cause I was working out trying to work off the heavy lunch I had today. It was *hot* here today- I don't know what it was in the City, but in Marin, it was 90 when I got home- and that was at 4:30. It's not that bad considering other parts of the country are 100+ (like my homestate- AZ), but when you don't have a cooler or AC (at least not on the boat), it's *hot*. My poor kitty keeps laying on the wood floors for coolness- lol! Time for the natural AC to come in (i.e., FOG)! I noticed that Rick replied to me in the AM- I checked around 7:15 my time and from what I could tell, he sent it at 6:15 my time (which would be 9:15 NY time). So check bright & early! :D You never know! Of course, we want *all* the details *when* he writes back! :D Lynne- Now *that* must have made the class interesting! History of Christianity taught by an athiest.....Yep- religions are definitely man made. My hubby grew up Catholic and his parents really stopped going when the chuch was not going the direction they thought it should be (same reason that I've heard many Catholics say). He graduated from St. Thomas in Houston- an all boys Catholic school. Wait a minute- you left out Todd! ;D No offense Leslie, but I want to trade Shep for Todd! LOL!! I don't see Rick as being that tall- like 5'10"? Shep looks like he'd be around 6'. (LOL- I hope I got the "feet" & "inches" marks correct!) Yeah, were all GutterGals today, (today? maybe last few days-lol)! I was thinking of asking to try the singulair or zyrtec- I think zyrtec is the one that handles both indoor & outdoor allergies, which is what I really need. Hopefully those will be better on her than the zombifying stuff!

 Lynne-just saw your blog as I signed off. My guess is they're under 6'. Hay I'm short ok (5'3"). I like short men, that's why my hubby is 6' and I pull a neck muscle to kiss him! And get out of that gutter, too messy. A bed with clean sheets, not messy! I'm glad you didn't let a collage professor deture( right word?) you from Christianity. The educators today can be wacked. I know (onto one of my famous change the subject's) that alot of christians pull their kids out of school to home school them. I won't. I want my kids to hear everything and decide for themselves. Their already "saved" so I'm not worried too much about that. Knowledge is power...yada yada. Anyway,Time to call in the CIA, FBI, NSA, Secret service, etc. to find one Rick Leventhal!

 Do not, I repeat do not get Juno! My mom's bloody provider once again kicked me out of writing a blog to inform me that I got mail. Who fricken gives a flying .......I hate Juno!!!!! OK, memory time again. I mentioned to the Shep fans that because he has cats doesn't mean he's "light in the loafers". I know a 6'3" blue eye's, dark hair Intellagance analylist who had 4 cat's and tried to pick me up. Too bad I was married...I was tempted. We're still friends. I mentioned the Star of David as a "satan rules". That's one smart hombre! Guinnevere-You lush you! Drinking wine while typing, you know, I write this while sucking down a run and coke! LOL! Seriously I love my folks but I want to go to my new home! 2 1/2 weeks till school is out. Yep, it was Greg love fest day! Rick didn't even get that much air time. Oh! that could be it... he's too busy answering out E-mails. that would keep him busy, wondering how hot we are *very Rick,very*. It seems everyone has gone to collage. I didn't but I read alot and study stuff that's interesting. Like Scottish history, cult's, the accults,whatever interests me. Well my e-mail must have made it to rick, it wasn't returned... With that I'll close before I'm thrown off again! Slan leat!

 I am glad to know I am not the only one who thinks they should stop with all this Laci Peterson stuff. I am so sorry for her family and for her going though God knows what. I think Scott did it but I don't need to know every detail, everyday. To the discussion about Religion classes in college, I took History of Christanity that was taught by an athiest. Now that was interesting. I am Baptist and have been all my life, but it is more important, I think, to be a Christian. Religions are man-made. anyway, I digress....I have never looked at Jesus as an historical person only. It was weird but at the same time, this class really made you think. I think that is one of the most wonderful things about college....you are on your own and your figure out what you think about things and why you think about them the way you do. I loved my college years. Now, let's see, Rick.....and Greg.....throw in Shep for a threesome....YEA :) :) {bag girl Lynne} hehehe Seriously, does anyone know how tall they are? Rick, Greg, and Shep? I know what I dream but I would like it to be accurate.....as far as height is concerned. You all thought I was going to say something else didn't you? (Good Girls, we are all rubbing off on one another) I don't know how much I am going to be able to log on for the next several days. Megan turned 3 today and her party is Saturday. Here in Richmond, VA, it has done nothing but rain for the last 2 weeks. Plan "b" for all the kids to play inside :( more work for Lynne - just what she needs. Oh, Natalie, I took her today for her checkup, we are going to try singulair for her allergies, the zyrtec wasn't doing anything and she is such a zommbie on benedryl. Have a good evening Ladies.

 Sherry- I *definitely* think we need to *nicely* assault TPTB at Fox to get Rick on more often.....I do remember seeing her more lately than since the war- more often than Rick, anyway ;p. Jan- (and whomever suggested this before as well) you're probably right- Fox may have him covering the elections next year....but here's a giddy thought for ya'll.......can you imagine if Rick covered it?? He'd be *all over the place* on Fox. And my hubby would have to watch, 'cause he won't watch any other news stations 'cause they're too liberal bent! BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!! Hmmmmm.....yeah, a little *intervention* would be nice......tee hee hee. Keep ducking those tornadoes!

 Today was a great day for Greg's Grrrrls! I'm convinced now that Fox has Rick locked in the basement. On the plus side, I guess I didn't miss him today- makes you wonder what he does when he's not reporting; I assume researching. Leslie- ROFLMAO about the "Satin Rules"! Nah, Shep doesn't look like a catfish. Speaking of Shep, did ya'll see the end of Fox Report when he was raving about the Yankees? I couldn't resist- I sent an email that said "GO SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS!" and just said some friendly competition. Last I heard (which was, well last week I think), the Giants were first in their league which is awesome. I want a replay of last year- this time they'll win the Series. BTW....there's a few guys on their team that are cute too..... About injecting any of the sweeties into the books you're reading- yeah, that would NOT be a good idea-lol! Do you have trouble sleeping after reading true crime? I do if it's creepy enough. Red Dragon was one of those books that kept me reading- hard to put down & then hard to turn out the light! Anybody here remember reading "The Amityville Horror"? I read that in 7th grade and I swear I went *back* to sleeping with a nightlight and it would take me *forever* to go to sleep. I may re-read that one to see if I have the same reaction now.... I like Mark Fuhrman- I felt bad for him during the Simpson trial- I seemed to think at the time that he got a raw deal. Melissa- Yeah- those books are my guilty pleasures too! I need fun flirty reads every once in awhile. I'm going to check out the "Milkrun" one- I have a couple of discount book cards (B Dalton & Waldenbooks). I didn't really think about doing that (putting one of the cuties into the story) until just the other day. I meant to mention it here but kept forgetting 'til last night. Ah, yes....the sleeping bag......yummers! LOL- GutterGal!! I'll have to remember that one. I think Rick's eyes are green or hazel- I used to think they might be blue until I got a closer look after the war. I'm going through Rick withdrawals again too.....time to drop some more hints via email. You're not the only one here with raging hormones- LOL!! Sounds like were all kinda wound up!! ;D What *is* today? LOL I think I'm in that same frame of mind as Shep. Ellen & Melissa- I took one of those classes too- it was one of the requirements (I think I had a choice & I chose History of World Religions) for my AA degree. I took another class - a world philosophies class- from the same instructor. Talk about a strange duck. Interesting, but just a *little* intense- not intense in the sense that he tried to 'shove religion down your throat', but just all around intense. I'm not sure what his religious leanings were. He was a good instructor in that I felt like I really learned a lot that I didn't know before- I found a lot of things in different religions that I can use; however I'd classify myself as Christian- but I haven't been to church in over 13 years (unless you count weddings and funerals). Melissa- like you said, I truly believe in God, but I haven't found my place in any particular religion either. I was really intrigued by Catholicsm after I went to a co-worker's funeral last November- there was just something so......*something* in the rituals. Very moving. Ellen- I'll have to check out the site sometime & see what they have- I'm also interested in the different religions from a historical standpoint. I just *love* history..... Sherry- you could be right! And you know the saying.....when it rains, it pours! LOL- sheesh, I must really be just worn out in the brain or something....I just got an image of raining Ricks (you know, raining cats & dogs.....)- hey we could have raining Ricks & Todds- LOL!! Ok gals, I just *know* I've lost it now.... ;D Teri- ROFL-I *know* the feeling!! I sent Rick an email via my "guinnevereo@yahoo.com" email instead of the "knoneill@pacbell.net" email- LOL!! We may be having a joint funeral! Oh, girl, my heart sank when you were saying that you hoped that it wasn't going to be some secretary replying! I really hope (and I really think) that he did write the reply back to me & Melissa. *sigh* He wouldn't do that, would he? Nah. I'm still waiting for the picture, but it's only Wednesday and Monday was a holiday. It *should* only take 3 or 4 days regular mail, so unless it went slow class (third class- or bulk rate- lol!) it really should be here this week. I don't know if you've found this out yet- but CA mail can take a week to get from No CA (for example, the Bay Area) down to So. CA- Fresno or San Diego- doesn't matter. I could *walk* it there quicker. I'll keep ya'll posted. That quick walk is like 10 miles now every time I go. I keep envisioning the envelope in there, get giddy, only to open the door to an empty box. Kinda funny, really. Oh yeah, I guess I forgot to add the "naked" part to mine too- *grins* LOL! OK- sorry for the long post, but there was just too many things I wanted to reply to! ; D

 Leslie-LOL-Satin Rules, that brought a very vivid picture. I wouldn't know though, all I can afford is cotton, maybe it DOES rule. The religion discussion is interesting to me, I am a life-long Christian (Lutheran variety), but I still would like to know other religions. A lot of Lutherans like to think we are the be-all and end-all of religious peoples, but I'm not convinced God would limit it to only 1 religion in the entire world. Sorry Kelly fans, but I'm getting tired of him, if he's taking time from Rick, I'll really be ticked. They must be priming him for the election next year and getting him some on time to maybe relax him a bit more. I wonder if they hold on to Rick for the human intervention stuff because he is so good at it? I wouldn't mind an intervention with him. We ducked two more tornadoes today, this is getting tiring, right Melissa? BTW, you get to watch tv at work? Must be a cool job, I don't even have a window.

 I was just watching The Fox Report and I saw a story that Heather Nauret (sp) did and I don't know if anyone else has noticed but she has been on a lot lately and she reports from New York also. I'm just wondering why Rick isn't getting as much air time as her. I saw her quite a bit last week and Monday she was on all day and reported from Fleet Week. I just didn't know if anyone else noticed this.??

 Wow- there's a few posts today. I'm going to have to catch up once I get home....I'm just too swamped here at work to respond to everyone the way I want to right now (I'm one of those attention to detail people- LOL). My head is spinning right now, can't think straight! Oh, wait- maybe it's that Chevy's margarita I had at lunch today (hey, I wasn't the only one- lol! I had two other co-conspirators! Chat with y'all later!

 Melissa - I like your sketch. The pensive expression on the face of the subject looks as if she might be wondering where Rick could be! I'm awed by anyone with artistic talent. Drawing stick men is the extent of my talent. I agree with you about Jeff Goldblatt. He's yummy. I like his sensitive looking face, his thin build and his soft, brown eyes. Something seems to keep happening every few days in the Midwest, so at least we're seeing quite a bit of Jeff. I'm beginning to appreciate Todd Connor and Adam Housley the more that I see of them. Does anyone think that Rick could be taking two weeks of vacation? I suppose that vacation is a possibility for Greg Kelly, also. Has anyone ever noticed if most of the Fox reporters go on vacation during July and August? Leslie - Your mention of a Rick and Shep pic sounds intriguing. You just know that there have to be pics of the two of them out there somewhere.

 oh my god! I think I'm going to start balling! I was working on my Ginny picture. You know, shading and coloring and outlining it. And I've been working on it for several HOURS, I mean like close to FOUR HOURS on it, and then........................ A warning pops up on the screen saying "This program performed an illegal operation and will be closed." so I'm freaking out, because I haven't saved it yet, and it won't let me save it, so when I hit "ok" it closed the program and my entire drawing along with it. It was looking great, I had nice shading and detail in the eyes and hair, and I was ALMOST DONE with it! What am I going to do??? I guess I have no choice but to start again, and just save every 10 minutes or so. Oh god, this is almost as bad as losing my photographs!

 Hey gals, been a really long day for me. My boss didn't say what happened to that girl, maybe I'll ask tomm. I had a bit of road rage as I sat in traffic for 45 minutes going 3 MILES! I had an appointment to go to and I was going crazy. Ok, I got that bit of frustration out of my system. We are having this contest at work that I decided I needed to join, and somehow got roped into being the team captain, so my workload has increased because I now have to babysit. The contest is called Waist Away (we could really use you Jen) we have a team of six people and we have to weigh in once a week at the nurses station. At the end of 8 weeks, the team who has lost the most cumulative (sp?) weight wins a prize. I am now the cheerleader, motivator, and score keeper of my 5 other co workers. I felt that since there is a competition involved, I might get off my butt and do something!....I wonder if I could include this on my resume..hmmm Nat I am sorry to hear that you did not get your picture, maybe you have a "special" one coming! I forgot to mention that I live about 2 miles from the main post office of the entire city, so maybe mine got here quicker because of that....keep your chin up buckaroo, yours is on the way! BTW I replied to Rick with my address on or around 6-2, so if that puts things in perspective.. At least you have the jeans vision to keep you company...I missed it. Funny about the comment on Hurricane Bill, I was thinking Bill O'Reilly too...he is a hurricane LOL Leslie My mouth was watering reading your dinner menu! I love seafood, I could eat it all the time...I once dated a guy who worked at a seafood shop and he would bring home (and cook) a fresh seafood dinner for us everynight, it was amazing! I think you may be on to something with asking Rick to send pictures of other Fox reporters! If nothing else he might mention it to them to send photos out to those who e-mail them, since he does! Your hubby sounds amazing *sigh* if we could all be so lucky....Congrats on your anniversary! Jan Glad you got your pic today, that tie! Only Rick could pull off that tie, I don't know many men that could LOL. At least we know he doesn't mass produce the messages on the photos, he varies it a little. I also find it cute that he actually addresses his own envelops, it just makes it that much more special! Melissa I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but I finally figured out what was bothering me about Mike Tobin, he looks just like my OBGYN.....except my Doc is cuter! Ok now I'm blushing...I like the idea of keeping the girls here together, even though I am new, I kinda like it here! I don't like the idea of reading something on here and getting pi**ed off because people are being mean, or rude to anyone. I just hope you don't put too much time and work into all of this....you need to come out and play too! BTW kudos on the drawing..I went to an Art school and I can't draw a lick (stick figures are my specialty), let us know how the coloring went! Sherry Glad to hear you last day at work was a good one! It must have been hard to say goodbye to so many people, I've left jobs and cried leaving some of the people (never cried about saying bye bye to the job though..hmm), and I have never worked for a company that long....best of luck in school, it is a whole different kind of stress...I work full time and go to school part time (I like to alternate my stresses LOL) what are you taking in school? BTW where in PA did you go camping? I grew up in PA and my family is spread throughout the state, I grew up in a town where city people went to vacation (listen to me, "city people" what is that all about? I must be tired) I'm glad to hear that it was a good trip. I am fading slowly and getting goofy (I am actually singing Twist and Shout as I am watching Ferris Buellers Day Off) so I must get myself in bed and try to beat the cat to the pillow! Later

 Dangit- I lost my post from earlier. My computer froze up and I had to shut down. OK- sooooo let's see. Leslie- Your dinner sounded great, even if it wasn't sensible. Email him- it couldn't hurt! (Yeah, I know, this coming from me who has *no* idea of what to say to Todd to get a signed pic). You're witty enough, I'm sure you could say something that would get him to do it! Can you also send one to Todd for me.....LOL! I'm lacking wit lately ;-p LMAO- you're right- what's up with the tan suit???? Your hubby is such a romantic *sweetie*! You're a lucky gal! ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* GROUP HUG ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* Jen- I think you stole the dream I was supposed to have last night- LMAO! I thought for sure that I'd dream something *REALLY* good about him, but it didn't happen. Guess I need to see more of the jeans segment! Glad you're having good dreams though! You deserve them! ;-D I just could not imagine being subjected to all those food ads and *not* screaming in frustration. I hope the staple removal goes well and that it does bring relief- I would imagine that they must itch like *crazy* too as well as cause some pain. *DO* let us know how it goes tomorrow!

 Wow look at me 2 posts in one day -- must be the near ten hours I've got w/o percocet ... well the dr. said drink more so I have it might not sound like a lot but I've drunk like 1 1/2 cups of water which is a lot since my new "pouch" is aprox. 2 oz!!! (eventually But I do take some solace in the people that have had the surgery - my friend Cheryl can eat cheese enchiladas, 1/2 steak and cheese sub (why did I just write that?!) even That's Amore Italian food!! - some nurse I met can eat that wonderful filet mignon I love so much - two women that use to "live" at my fav. resturant a lot w/ me can still go there and eat steak and chesse subs w/ FRIES -- Having wrote all that good food I have "expanded" my list of food -- sure I'll start out with grilled cheese and ceaser salad but oh about four months out yes I will get my 1/2 steak and cheese sub I won't give the entire game away and tell my entire percocet laced Greg Kelly fantasy but I will say that Greg got pretty jealous of (so sorry Melissa) me and Rick -- so jealous that my mom said I was damn near dancing in my sleep ... I'll let you guys interpret that one ;) Well *Leslie* I gave you and 'um' about if I would be up and no, no more percocet but I am a little sleepy and do need to finish my water and that'll take me about an hour -- I'll talk to you def. tomorrow after I go to the evil doctors and he hurts me ... oh my mom thinks I've lost close to the 10 POUNDS already in a week, my mom could but sneaking in some percocet to say something like that but dunno we'll see for sure tomorrow Later guys! Have a good FOOD FILLED night!!! ;p

 OK- this is weird- at home I have the split blog. Not sure why it's this way at home and the other way at work. This one's easier to do at work since it's not so obvious. OK- 4 trips to the PO today & *nada*. I'm *really really really* hoping for tomorrow......I think I'm the last one here to get mine *cries* ;*( I guess my being able to see him in jeans last night was my consolation prize- LOL! I'm soooo bummed. I really hope it's there tomorrow, otherwise it's gonna be up to me to email him a *third* time for it (or Sherry can ask for me when she requests hers- lol!).....I don't know if I can do that. *WAILS* Prolly doesn't help that my PO tends to be slower than molasses too. Come to think of it, I've got a couple of packages that haven't shown up yet that should have...grrrr.... Jan- YAY JAN! You got it!! That's *got* to be a good sign for me! At least he varied on what he said! Didn't ya just love Leslie's images too? Those were too good! I was afraid someone at work was going to ask me why I was smiling so big- LOL! I *do* like the name LevenGals too......even though we have a lot of fancies here. I thought that it would be a total repeat of Rick on last night- it started off about the same that I remember until I see him walking on the grass and then I was like "holy cow, this *isn't* the same!" Good thing I had insomnia, otherwise I would've surely missed it. Gals, that's about the one thing that's kept me going today! At least I got more done- but I still have a lot to go. Jayel- you have me very curious! I'm wondering if we're on the same page with our suspicions.....there was something really strange that happened on another message board thing (it was a Tori Amos related site, but it seemed to run very much like us- every now & then- particularly when a new album or tour was happening they'd post about Tori, otherwise just about whatever else was going on. I've always read more than I posted there & they tended to be waaaay too liberal for me, so it kinda turned me off. Anyway, this guy started a flame war and the weird thing is, that either he or one of his friends was sending posts in as someone else. It was really creepy, cause it was a different email address & I *think* IP, but it was from his house- I dunno- it was weird. They ended up banishing him from the list. You know, at the B & N here they have these little mini kit things (there's slinky, magnetic sculpture, take out, bansai, etc.)- they have a voodoo one....hmmm..... ;-) Jen- Wow, I just *can't* imagine getting to only have that.....1 1/2 tsp of mac n'cheese??? You poor girl!! I'll bet that stuff gives you odd dreams- LOL! Just be careful- I've heard how addicting those kinds of meds can be. I'm sure you'll prolly need 'em for at least the first week or two though. You take care! Just remember that you're getting better, not worse- it may be slow, but it's always going to be improving no matter how slow it seems to go. Melissa- Yeah- Tobin doesn't do much for me. I'm so picky that even if I admit that the other guys *are* good looking, that the only two that *really* get my attention at the moment are Rick & Todd. LOL I use IE at work- but I'm not sure what version I'm on there. Your sketch looks great!! WHEN I *finally* get my Rick pic, I'll scan it and send it to you as well. Maybe we could have a space for our signed stuff? I have some other things to scan, so I'll do them all at once. I also need to get that thing hooked up through the USB of my computer instead of the serial port- the latter is MUCH slower than the former from what I understand. I have *no* earthly idea why I did it that way. Denise- congrats on being the Maid of Honor! That old saying "always a bridesmaid & never the bride" has always been "always the bride & never the bridesmaid" for me- LOL Sherry- congrats on the last day- that must've been sooooo liberating! I dream about that feeling- it would be so great to do that, but eventually the reality of less money would slap me in the face. I'm so happy for you! What happened with the girl sleeping under her desk on Saturday? Did you get to find out before you left? LOL- Yeah, I figured for sure that I was on a roll with seeing Rick late last night, Todd early this morning- it should just follow that the pic would arrive- but I think this week's just going to be *a lot* better than last week. I'm actually ready for June to be over- it's been a rough one. Here's a thought- can you imagine if there was a hurricane Rick? Todd? Shepard? Greg? Adam? this year or next- LOL! Hurricane Bill makes me think that someone really PO'd Bill O'Reilly so he's coming at them..... I think tomorow when I go to the PO, I'm going to yell through my box, "HEY!! ANYONE BACK THERE?!?!?! GIVE ME MY PICTURE!" LOL I'm goofy but really bummed- what a strange combo! Something funny about the mail.....it took a week for my sister's birthday card to get to her (from San Francisco to San Diego- I could've walked it there faster). So- who knows. I'm really hoping for tomorrow- at *least* before the 4th- I don't want to go through another long weekend of suspense again (my first response from him was the Friday before Memorial Day). Hey did you see my city on Fox Report tonight? That's always weird to see it on Fox- it's like, Hey, that's here! LOL Apparently CA is 40 Bil in the red. Gee- wonder why? (Ok- starting to get cynical- sorry!) The bad thing is that Kevin works for the City & County of San Francisco, which I'm sure is closely tied to the state budget. I don't think his job's in jeopardy, but they're already making cut backs other ways. OK- since Rick's been slow on his sending his pic- I need you gals' help. I *know* I should know what to say to request a signed Todd pic, but......I have *no idea what* to say. Any suggestions???? I'd totally ROFLMAO if Todd sent one in a fraction of the time as Rick....(Rick, if you ever read this- sorry, but I have the patience of a 3 year old. *NONE*- LOL!)

 At the risk of injuring Jen, just had to say that the seafood-stuffed manicotti in white wine cream sauce came out rather well. The girls even ate it. I'm afraid the sensible dinner I promised Jen got out of hand. I have left-over strawberry-cream cheese blintzes if anyone is interested. Mike Tobin squinting in the sunlight just reminded me so much of Gopher from Winnie the Pooh. Small head, big body, squinty eyes. I am sooooo looking forward to watching a R-rated movie this weekend. When everything reminds you of a cartoon, you're watching too many cartoons. Since Rick is such a nice guy and answers all his e-mail and sends requested pictures, what do you think my chances are for e-mailing him a request for a picture of Shep? Or Shep and him? Or just e-mailing a request for Shep? Speaking of, who let him dress himself this morning? Mr. Smith should never be allowed to wear anything lighter than a pearl grey, and definitely NOT tan. Roy sent me a dozen yellow roses today with the time until our anniversary counted out in seconds on the card. I'm just wondering how long it took him to figure all that out. He's such a big softie. Just makes it so darn hard to lust after Shep. No, no, it's okay. I'll manage. Melissa, that is a great drawing. The face reminds me of Pokemon (where is that R-rated movie?!). She certainly seems well-endowed. I hope Harry is a breast-man, but aren't they all? I've just missed you guys so much I feel like a great big group hug. Ya'll take it easy.

 Good Evening Ladies!!! Just finished my last day of work and I just got to see Adam on The Fox Report so I'm very happy now especially since I missed Rick last night. Jan - Yeah, I'm glad you got your picture. I need to email him and ask him for one. I'm mad at myself or not asking in the first email I sent. Yes send it to Melissa to put up. I think I know what tie you all are talking about. It sounds like the one he wore on one of the shows when he came back from Iraq. It was sad saying goodbye to some people today (not my boss - LOL) but I'm glad I'm gone. Yes school will probably stress me too. Nat - I can' believe Rick was in jeans and I missed it. Damn!!! I didn't tape thinking it was just a repeat of the story that he did before. Well I did get to see Adam in jeans and open shirt once and that was really nice. And you got to see Todd too, now all you need isto get your picture and you will be set. Melissa - I like the idea of having the blog for us ladies to chat the way we have been. I know yesterday I said I didn't care but I changed my mind. Whatever you do is fine. We just appreciate all your hard work. Jeff has been on a lot and I think he is yummy too. LOL Mike Tobin doesn't do anything for me either so you are not alone. Good drawing, that is something I always wish I could do but I can barely draw stick figures. Lynne - Have you been roasting down there in VA. We actually went a whole week without rain. It is crazy because now it is so hot you can't stand it but Bill is on the way to give us some more rain. Jen - Great menu, I got your IM and can't wait to you are back to your old self and ready to chat away. Leslie - Congrats on our anniversary, sounds like you have a romantic evening planned. I was gone all weekend too and when I got back it took me forever to get through all the posts. Well gotta go find something to eat for dinner.

 I GOT MY PIC TODAY!!!! I think it's the same pic that Denise and Lynne got, same funky tie, but, cute goofy grin, I love that grin. But, now my excitement is tempered somewhat by the news that I MISSED HIM IN JEANS!! I thought it was going to be a repeat too, so I just didn't watch, like Jayel, I will not make anymore assumptions. I'm going to try to get my scanner hooked up so if I do, I can scan the pic and send it to Melissa, if you still want to post it??? BTW on mine he wrote "Jan, Thanks for watching + writing. Rick Leventhal", I guess I got a little more 'ink' time...(gloating) ;-D I like Leslie's idea for the photo better though....(and he addressed the envelope too) Leslie, glad you're back! Since I keep wandering in to Smithville, you may visit Leventown whenever you wish....just be respectful...:-) besides, I like the images you produce in my small little mind....Happy Anniversary, 10 years is a great accomplishment, congrats and enjoy the 'together time'. Melissa, I like the idea of keeping us together too, I just don't want some creepy person to be able to post all sorts of disgusting and disrespectful things. Not that WE don't, we just know how to take it by now....Although, we are never disrespectful......I love the name LevenGals, so I don't want to lose that, but incorporating it into another title is fine with me. I also think it's generous of you to ask our opinions when you do all the hard (and great) work....I've been thinking of reading East of Eden too, I know I could just rent the movie, but I think it was Natalie who said that books are much more detailed and I feel that way too. Denise, I've only been through Nashville so I wouldn't be much help, although get good instructions because the interstate system through there is confusing, not scary, just confusing. I think there are a lot of fun things to do there, congrats on being the MOH. I'll bet you could get a ton of info on Nashville and bachelorette parties on the web.... Sherry, congrats on your last day, I'm glad you're not upset about it, I understand the sad part, I've been at my (full-time) job 15 years too, and even though I'd like to see the building torched sometimes, I know I would miss the people....you can still keep in contact....Now you can just get stressed about school :-) Had to post early, couldn't wait to tell ya'll about the pic, Good Luck Natalie, if not today....tomorrow for sure!!!! I'm gonna go mess with the scanner......I'll check back L8er....

 Hey girls. I didn't see Rick at all today, but I was channel surfing a lot. I did see Jeff Goldblatt though! *yummm* He was looking mighty handsome! And Mike Tobin was on a lot, but I just don't care for him that much. I'm fine if I'm listening to him from another room, but if I look at him it's all over, I mean the man looks like he got punched in the nose one too many times. And his nose distracts me from the report. Well that and the fact that his head is much too small for his "bulked up" body. LOL I don't like "bulky" men anyways. I'm so mean I should be nice. So I'll just shut up about that. :) Seems that Greg Palkat (sp?) is reporting from Israel again, maybe him and Greg K. switch back and forth. Jan - don't worry about that rude poster, I don't think she's here. We would know I'm sure. I'm sure we've said enough things that would spur her to retort to our silly banter. Yeah I'm pretty sure I'll keep the blog just for us from now until whenever I feel like adding more people. And I'll make a message board for the site so the "unwashed masses" can use it. :) Nat - it may be just your computer at work. Do you use Internet Exploer or Netscape as your browser, or something else? Plus if it's not a recent version of either of those browsers, then it may not be able to know that it's supposed to be a split screen. Well let's hope that your pic comes tomorrow. Denise and Lynne, how long ago did you request your pictures? That might make a difference too. Lelise - So glad you're back! I was begining to worry. I'm a worry wort. Hope the girls are doing fine, lord knows you're keeping them well fed! Can I come live with you, and you cook for me? LOL I spent an hour and 1/2 working on a sketch today. It looks ok, but I'm going to try to color, outline and shade it on my computer now, but here's what I have so far. It's my version of Ginny Weasly from the Harry Potter books. :) What do you guys think? Well I'm going to try and color it now. I'll let you know how it turns out.

 hey guys .. thought I'd give an mid-evening post today -- well today as yesterday was no good and not because Taco Bell has a new Chicken Ceaser Grilled Burrito no, today was no good because I was so DAMN TIRED!!!! I've had 100% no energy -- i was exhusted taking a shower even walking out my bedroom door to the staircase (which trust me is like 10 steps max) I called my surgeon at 6:30 and he's like "It's 6:30 why are you just calling me now?" he thinks I might be a little dehydrated (SP?) because I sleep so much and therefore can't drink a lot so as soon as a half hour passes it's nothing but liquids, liquids, liquids for me -- I know you all are dying to know what today's menu turned out to be: 4 tiny mouthfulls of baby pears for breakfast 2 baby spoonfulls of sugar-free peach jello for lunch 1 1/2 tsb of mac n' cheest for dinner I know I was suppose to have beef stew today but it didn't turn out the way I planned oh well just...49-48 more days until my grilled cheese heaven I got to talk to Leslie today :) I told her to eat a "senisble" meal for me at dinner... Just a cautionary tale: Percocet, Enrique Igelasis CD and thoughts of Greg Kelly with a cameo by Rick Leventhal can make your dreams pretty damn intresting and strange

 Melissa and ah - I agree that keeping this blog for ourselves is a sound idea. There is, unfortunately, a Fox fan who has posted on other message boards who makes a habit of attacking other posters. I haven't seen her post on this board, but I'm afraid that she may already be a blog member here under a different email addy than she normally uses. One person should never be allowed to spoil things for everyone else, so I hope that she never tries to make one of her rude postings here. As for changing the name of the blog to be more inclusive of not just Greg Kelly, but of the various other favorite Fox guys, I'm not sure what I think about a name change. Rick is my favorite and is the reason I joined the blog, but currently he's on so little, that it's hard to keep the conversation going on him alone. Whatever you decide, Melissa, will be fine with me. Natalie - After reading your post about Rick being on Fox Magazine in jeans, I'm gnashing my teeth and banging my head against the keyboard. I didn't watch or tape Fox Magazine because I assumed that the Pa. miner segment with Rick would be a repeat of what had already been shown. I'm going to take this as an object lesson and refuse to make any more assumptions about Rick reports. While channel surfing I came across an announcement on CNN that they're going to have more Iraq war coverage on July 4. There has been no such similar announcement from Fox, so I fear the worst concerning their plans to devote any new coverage to the embeds. If they continue to ignore the value of Rick and Greg, I'm going to start thinking of fashioning a voodoo doll, naming it Clueless FNC Executive, and sticking pins in it. Grrrr! Seriously, all that I know for us to do for now is to continue to let Fox know that we are NOT HAPPY about their failure to put Rick on more often. Greg Kelly fans have been somewhat luckier with Greg sightings, but now he seems to have vanished also. Fox just doesn't seem to get that it makes a big difference to the audience when we get to see our favorites, so we have to keep trying to get the message across to them.

 Dangit, dangit, dangit! 3 trips to the PO & *still* no photo! I guess I'm getting my exercise, though- it's 6 blocks round trip from my office & takes me 10 minutes total each time (I walk very fast- I'm one of *those* people- lol! I don't know the meaning of walking slow....) Argh. One more trip today & then I'll have to wait till tomorrow! Yay Lynne! LOL- how can you *forget* something like that? Just kidding! I'm hoping that yours and Denise's arrived Saturday since you're closer....but that doesn't explain why Jan didn't get hers then too. Jan- any luck today?? Maybe he mailed out part of them and the rest are there on his desk till he gets back from vacation (assuming that's why he's been AWOL from Fox in the last week). Melissa- I'm for keeping the blog for ourselves too- I've really gotten accustomed to our demented little family here! I'm quite fond of our little blog. Depending what's easiest/works out best, I'd also say have a "message board for the unwashed masses" as Leslie called 'em- LOL! Definitely a big huge *THANK YOU* for all the hard work you've done on these!! :-D I was seeing a divided screen, but not anymore. Then again, as crazy as Friday was, it may have been like this on Friday too- maybe it's the way it is at work, and at home I have the divided screen.....I'm not sure. Then again, I'm not sure what I did to change it to the divided screen; if I did, I did it by chance- LOL! Not to rub it in, but girl, he looked *AWESOME*.........I think my eyes popped out. Come to think of it, Todd looked good this morning, too- LOL. Lately when I've gone to B & N or B. Dalton (which seems to have the chick-lits better displayed) I've been drawn to the chick-lits. It tends to vary, but usually I'm buying more fiction than non. Leslie! Glad to see you back! Congrats on your upcoming 10th anniversary!! Yay! I'm sure you guys will have a great time in Amarillo! I grinned from ear to ear about the "special pictures" especially after seeing that boy in jeans last night.....*way* too active imagination. Stuffed manicotti......I'll be on the next flight out. OK- gotta finish wolfing (sp??) down lunch so I can go train Samantha on cancellations (we have to do about 20 before tomorrow afternoon). I'll check in later- prolly tonight. Any Rick or (any other) Todd sightings today? (Those of you who are Fox-accessible. BTW.....Work has eaten my brain- please forgive any mangled words or phrases here- lol. Later!

 I have been so busy this weekend, I forgot to let you know I got my pic Saturday in the mail. He wrote the same thing on my pic as he did for Denise. I agree with you Denise, very interesting tie - the colors. Hope all of you get yours soon. Jen - nice to read that you are back - hope everything goes well. Sherry - kiss the job goodbye yea for you !!!! If MD is like VA, we are going to need to water our lawn soon. Oh, just heard on fox that trop storm Bill is coming. Leslie, are you in TX? Please be careful. I heard it is going to hit there and LA. Kids are hollering, gotta go....

 Hiya. Melissa, I also think that keeping the blog format is better than a message board. And this blog is the most entertaining and the most welcolming of them all! Also, your idea of keeping "this blog for ourselves" is a great idea. Additionally, perhaps change the name to "LevenGals and KellyGrls Blog"?

 Wow! This is my first time back in days, and everything's changed! Toto! We're not in Kansas anymore! First things, first. Hallelujah! Jen you're back and you're okay! I've been doing the Slim-Fast thing twice a day and eating a *%#@ sensible dinner. I toast you with the first sip everytime. Had a salad for dinner the other night and actually felt guilty. I'm truly sorry about the food ads. They really bothered me when I was pregnant, but for quite a different reason. The teens are all gone and it's just the baby girls and me for a week! Roy's coming home Thurs. night (our 10th anniversary) and the grandparents are watching the girls for us ALL Friday (day and night). I've got a concierge room at the Ambassador Hotel in Amarillo and reservations for dinner, which we may or may not make. I hate not being able to see the postings as I post. My short term memory is embarrassingly short. To the one celebrating her last day of work - Congratulations! Many happy, lazy summer days of nothing but FOX News. To the one(s) who got their pictures - Congratulations! To the one(s) who didn't - My sincere condolences. But good things come to those who wait. And wait. And wait. Maybe he's waiting for some "special" pictures to be developed, something with an unbuttoned white cotton shirt, 501s with the top button(s) unbuttoned..... Hey wait a minute, I'm a ShepHerder. I can't be thinking things like this about your guy. Many apologies. To Melissa - keep this blog for us and have a message board for the unwashed masses. And thanks for asking our opinions when it's all of your hard work that's making it possible. Well, that's about all I can remember; found a great recipe for stuffed manicotti that we're going to try tonight. Jen - it's just stuffed with Gerber Creamed Spinach, okay? Later.

 Gah! I was in the middle of typing a long post and my computer decides to freeze up! Nat - you're not seeing a divided screen? I do. How about the rest of you? I'll try and figure out why that's happening for you though. Maybe I can log in under your username and try and figure out why it's doing it with you. Well you know if worse comes to worse we'll only have to deal with blogger for a while longer. Oh crap! I missed Rick in JEANS?!?! *cries* I completely forgot about Fox Magazine!! Denise - You know I don't know if the new "blog" has spell check or not. I haven't set it up, and it's really really complicated. *fowns* I may just have to pay to have someone set it up. I'll figure something out though. As for blog VS. message board. Well a message board is like what they use over at the MSN or Yahoo Groups. Where someone posts a message with just the "topic" and then you have to click on the topic to read it. I prefer a blog as well, I like being able to directly talk with you all. But I was thinking maybe for the Rick site I should set up a message board for other fans, and maybe all of us, can just keep this blog for ourselves. Maybe we should change our names too, 'cause you know I'm pretty sure more than 1/2 of us prefer Greg over Rick, and we talk about more than just Rick. So maybe we should just be our own little Group. I could still put a link of the Rick page so people can still come read, but if they want to post they'll just have to use the "comments" or join the message board instead. I dunno. Maybe I won't have a message board at all. It's just an idea I've been throwing around. Though if I think about it, I probably wouldn't have time to maintain a message board. I really do hope that the guys have been randomly working on voice overs for a ward coverage DVD. FOX need to get off their rears and put one together. Though maybe it's taking them longer since they have SO MUCH great coveage!! :) Sherry - sounds like you had fun camping! You know it's funny because I live in a small town called Raytown here in MO, just thought it was funny that they have very similar names, but we dont have a lake. :( Jen - I feel your pain girly. Like, last week when I was craving chocolate SO bad, and I can't have it 'cause I'm on my diet. I know it's not the same, but it'll get better as time goes on. Hope you didn't laugh too hard making your stomach hurt. :) " I'm going to Barnes and Noble later on, hopefully I won't buy too much. " -- HUH! What was *I* thinking?! I should know better than to go there on a boring rainy day, especially when I'm sleep deprived. I spent $75, well my mom actually gave me $20 when I got home so I guess I only *spent* $55. I got my mom the new (but actually old) *Oprah Book* "East of Eden" by John Stienback, so she gave me money for that. I also decided to get B&N's Readers Advantage Card, so that's $25 a year. And then I got a couple illustrating and cartooning books. I used to be really good when I was a kid at drawing cartoon figures, especially the disney characters. So, I figure I'd try my hand at getting better. I figure it'd give me something to do on a rainy day, or a day like today when I have no car, instead of surfing the net all afternoon, buying things I don't need. :) Maybe I'll scan and post something if I get something half way decent drawn. :)

 That's weird- the blog looks like it did after they did the update (no divided screen to see the posts as you type). Is there something I'm missing here (like something I need to click) or is it Blogger itself? PU- so far nada this morning (so it didn't get here Saturday.....but I think they're still working on today's mail, and not only that they seem to be slow (as mentioned before) a lot of the time. Hopefully today or tomorrow. I *have* sorta had a streak of luck in the last 12 hours (except for sleep- only got 4 hours). Did ya'll catch the Fox Magazine last night? Rick was on about the suicide of the PA miners rescuer....which I thought had aired before....but this time was different. Unless I completely missed it last time, in this airing, he was walking through the area (presumably) where the mining accident took place. And he was wearing jeans. Dark jeans. With a pale blue shirt. OMG. This was around 11:45 PM my time- prolly why I couldn't sleep- LOL! And then this morning, Todd's been on Fox & Friends and then Fox News Live reporting from CT about Katherine Hepburn's death. I'm sure he'll be on a lot today about that, but at least I got to see him twice. I had a hard time waking up this morning, but *THAT* got me going- I was *wide* awake then! :-D MmmmHmmmm...... OK- I just wanted to post that stuff really quick- I'm going to have to catch up reading during lunch today. I have a million things to do- including putting my contacts in so I can see! LOL (So pardon any mistypes here- LOL). Later!

 Good Monday Morning Ladies!!! Well this is one Monday morning I am happy to have here, since it is my last day of work. I'm walking around with a big grin on my face. I'm also a little sad since I have made lots of friends here. I have been here since I was 19 (15 years) so that is hard, but I won't miss the stress that it brings to all aspects of my life. I'm sure I will be a much happier person at home which my husband will appreciate. For everyone that asked about my camping trip, it was fun. We went to Lake Raystown in PA. It has like a 118 acre lake and a marina. The camping is in the woods. They have water slides, putt putt golf and lots of other stuff. My parents live about 40 minutes from there so they came on Saturday to visit and have a cookout. That was nice since I only get to see them like once a month. Denise - I love The Dead Zone and the first time I watched it I couldn't believe that was Anthony Michael Hall. He sure doesn't look the same. He has really filled out as he has gotten older. I was also excited since this last season had Sean Patrick Flannery in it who I love also. He is such a cutie even though he is kind of a bad guy. I'm wondering if Greg is still in Gaza since I haven't seen him since Friday and Amy Kellog was reporting there again this morning on Fox and Friends. They usually seem to stay for about a month and he has only been there like 2 weeks so who know. Of course if he comes home he will be safe but then we probably won't see much of him, like in Rick's case. Please let us know what your Boss does about the girl sleeping under her desk, I just can't believe that. Of course if it is anything like my work they won't do anything. Hey I think we all need to email Fox and let them know that we want war videos so we can get copies. Maybe if they get enough request they will compile some. Well gotta go clean my desk out and take all my pictures down. I will post more later. Bye

 Hey gals, I've been busy with my sister visiting all weekend, we really didn't do anythiny special. We had a cookout and when the food was ready it started raining! I usually sit here on weekends trying to entertain myself but the one weekend that I have plans, my friends wanted me to go to a festival on Sat and boating on Sun, and I had to say no ***bummer*** Tommorow I get to find out what my boss (or rather his boss) does about that girl sleeping under her desk, should make for an interesting Monday. I wasn't able to watch any Fox this weekend did I miss anything of relevence? I did see however that one of the soldiers that was missing on Wed in Baghdad and found on Sat was from here in Columbus. They have had his family on the local news, it is so sad... Jen So glad to see you posting! I feel your pain girl, it seems like when someone says you can't have something it IS EVERYWHERE! hang in there, your payoff will be worth it. Melissa Hope you didn't spend too much money at Barnes & Nobles, I can't escape that store without purchasing something either. I agree with Nat in that I like this format so that I can reply to everyone's posts, but I never really used a message board either...but I'm new here so I'm not used to much. I trust your decision! BTW does the new sight have spell check?...because sometimes my brain just doesn't function and spelling is affected LOL That is a really good idea about bending under my desk to hide the tears, that seems to happen to me a lot lately there. Did you ever watch Seinfeld? there is an episode where George has nothing to do all day at work so he decides to take a nap everyday under his desk, he brings a pillow, blankets, even an alarm clock...it reminded me of that girl yesterday. Sherry Glad to hear your camping trip was was good...I hope it was peaceful. Jan Yes, Rick did capitalize! I think it must be easier when handwriting something than typing it LOL I agree with your thoughts on Anthony Michael Hall, I was thinking when he played geeky roles that this guy is going to grow up and be a dork! Apparently I was wrong....I watch every episode of The Dead Zone. I also watch Monk (yeah, I know I don't really have a life!). Monk is hilarious..my brothers and I were talking about the show this weekend and they seem to think that there is a little bit of Monk in all of us...The show reminds me of the old show Columbo (my dad loved that show, I remember it as I was walking in from the next room to turn the channel for him LOL)..except Columbo and Monk are exact opposites....but the show is really good, I would recommend it. a I haven't seen Greg since Fri and he had the "two buttons" undone whew! OMG I loved Memoirs of a Geisha! I couldn't put that book down...it was so interesting to read about another time and culture that I didn't realize existed. Great book! Nat I seem to have at least three books going at the same time as well, I have ones that I bought recently, ones from the library, and ones on my bookshelf that I never got to that I suddenly feel the need to read all. I'm working on four now.....Hope the editing is going well, I get crazy when I start reading some of my old stuff, sometimes I think "right on", other times I wonder if I was on another planet because the stuff is **way out there**and sometimes it is hard to get in the same mindset I was in when I originally wrote the stuff, so I get frustrated because I can't "fix" things. Keep us posted on the status! I am also saying a prayer for you guys to get your pics! You can clean that spot on your desk tomm. BTW I got a call from one of my best friends who moved to Nashville, she is engaged and I am going to be the maid of honor! I have never been the maid of honor before, such responsibility! I have to throw a bachelorette(sp?) party, does anyone know much about Nashville? I haven't visited yet, so I have no idea where to go and who I would call for that kind of thing. Goota go, Monday is only a few hours away...bad for me, good for those of you who are eagerly awaiting the visit from the mailman.....Good luck!

 Melissa, I'm with Natalie, I'm not sure of the difference between message boards and blogs. I know I like this format, we can all interact with each other on a certain level. I'm not fond of 'drive-by's', where anyone can post anything, if that's what a message board is then I vote no on that....just my opinion though... A brief note on apostrophes, see how Fox has Bill O'Reilly listed and I'll bet they follow suit on Mr. O'Brien....Maybe he should be contacted on the dvd/video idea, I can't believe Fox is just sitting on all that footage, even Olllie North had a special with the footage he got in Iraq. And if this guy is a "Creative Director", he should recognize that there is a market out there. For all I know, they are working on one right now, maybe (hoping) that's where Rick and Greg have been, doing voice-overs...... Sherry, welcome back. Where did you go camping? We used to do that a lot growing up and it was always a fun time. Thanks for praying for us, it may actually take Divine intervention for that manilla envelope to ever see the inside of my box.... Well, I'm tired tonight, too much activity last night (tornado warnings, dog scared all night, etc) I got about 4 hours of semi-sleep. Good luck to us (again) tomorrow Natalie.......

 Hey guys... Not a very good day for me today :( -- too many Pizza Hut commericals on today -- I said aloud "I would kill someone for a slice of pizza" 50 more days until I won't have to hopefuly -- well cought up on my Factor from last week and Melrose know watching other things -- watched Old School today -- it was soo funny :) and so painful since laughing is not really a good thing -- well I took a percocet around 8 and it needs about an hour to work ... guess what? it's kicking in...you guys have a great night -- tomorrow I'm having mussy beef stew Later gals!

 How sad- they're just reporting that Katherine Hepburn died today- she was 96. I didn't think she was that old, but wow. Sherry- glad your camping trip went well! Thanks for the prayers! ;-) At least Denise getting hers is a good sign!

 Melissa- girl, it sounds like you've been *BUSY*!! I kinda like the blog format- I guess I'm used to it. I haven't used a message board before so I'm not sure what the differences/similarities would be. I like that we can post and then respond to other's posts (like I am now & also the 'comments' option). I think you'd prolly be able to do the comments thing, since that came from another website & wasn't provided by blogger. The way we have it now makes me think of it as a sort of time delayed IM- LOL! You know what bookstore gets me *every* time? Borders. I can't go in there & leave w/o buying something. I hope you're right- I hope there's a nice manilla-like folder there from Rick/Fox! I'm going to have to remeber to use the idea you had- pretend to look for something under the desk when I have tears of frustration. I usually just sit there trying to hide the tears which is not easy since I sit on the walkway- everyone sees me. Jayel- I'm with you & Jan about the video/dvd option. I would think that now that CNN is doing it that Fox would follow suit. Good idea about contacting Richard O'Brien the same way.....this could work. The only tricky part would be the apostrophe- I have the same dilemma with my last name- O'Neill. My work address uses the apostrophe, in fact it MUST HAVE the apostrophe or it won't go through. There have been other sites where I have to put my home email address because I can't use the work one- wouldn't allow the apostrophe. Gotta be one way or the other though- either Richard.O'Brien@foxnews.com or Richard.OBrien@foxnews.com. If I think of something creative I'll share it here and email it (Work has kinda sapped the creative juices lately- with the exception (strangely enough) of my story idea....). Speaking of work, I brought some stuff home to work on today- I have no other way of hoping to catch up unless I do that. I know, I know......bad girl. I'll check in sporadically today- gotta get these apps finished & then start dinner around 3:30- Mexican Casserole.

 Hello everyone!! Well I'm back from my camping trip. We had fun. The weather was nice, not too hot. I'm trying to catch up on all the blogs but there is just too much to read. You all have been busy. So I take it we havn't had any Rick sightings while I was gone. He must be on vacation. Hopefully we will see him this week. Denise - Glad you got your picture. I hope Nat and Jan get theirs on Monday. I'll be praying for you ladies. Jen - Good to see you posting. Your menu sounds lovely!!! Melissa - It doesn't matter to me. I like the blog and I also like message baords. I know that answer doesn't help you decide. Sorry. Well I gotta go for now, the in-laws are coming for dinner so I have to decide what I'm making.

 Melissa - I'm perfectly satisfied with a blog, but have no objections to a message board. Jen - Your menu sounds so, um, tempting. Lol! I hope that you make a swift recovery. Jan - Like you, I can't understand why Fox hasn't made videos available of their war coverage. It's incomprehensible to me that TPTB would think that no one would be interested in such videos, but perhaps that is their thinking. The news channels are fiercely competitive, so I can't believe that they aren't aware that CNN is marketing their videos of the war. My local newspaper ran an article regarding the rap music promos that Fox has been running. The article mentioned that a man named Richard O'Brien, whose title is senior vice president-creative director, as the person who came up with the rap music promos. (A country music promo is also being planned for any of you country music fans.) He is quoted as saying, "A lot of the things that we do at the Fox News Channel are things I know CNN and MSNBC would never do." To come up with ways to give more exposure to the guys who most interest female viewers is certainly something that CNN and MSNBC COULD never do because they don't even have the kind of personnel that Fox has. Mr. O'Brien could be an appropriate person to contact for letting Fox know that we want TPTB to come up with more creative use of our favorite reporters. It may be possible to reach him by using the same type of e-mail address method used to reach Rick and the other Fox reporters who've been successfully contacted. Like the rest of you, I'm hoping to see Rick next week. It looks as though Greg may be gone from Israel. I so wish that Fox would have something special for the Fox embeds in connection with the 4th of July.

 Morning ladies! I've been up all night so I'm on like this delusional insomnia high. "When you have insomnia, nothings real. Everything is far away. Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy." (from Fight Club) I've been pouring my sweat and tears over making a new layout for my new personal domain and I've still got ZIP. However I *DID* get urlLink www.Rick-Leventhal.com registered and working! Hopefully I'll be able to build the new site for him soon. =) Lemme ask you this, would you all rather have a blog, or something more along the lines of a message board on the new site? Let me know, so I can set it up. Well I'm hungry, so I think I'll go eat some breakfast, and then I'm going to Barnes and Noble later on, hopefully I won't buy too much. Jan and Nat I hope you are surprised with a nice gift in you mailboxes on Monday! :) Oh, and whoever said their co-worker was sleeping under the desk.....OMG I just can't believe it! I mean sure there's probably been a time when we've all though it, but never in my wildest dreams did I think someone would actually do it. The worst I've done is pretend to be looking for something I *dropped* under my desk when I can no longer hold back tears of frustration. Wow, it's kind of funny though. You should've got a picture, it would have been hilarious! Hope she gets fired, I mean crap if you're THAT tired, call in sick. Well talk to you all later.

 Jan- Bummer! I was *really* hoping you would have received yours today! Monday....maybe Monday.....LMAO, did he capitalize! It was another warm day here- around 85+ today. Better than it was, but I'd like to see it around 75. The nights are cooler, at least! It's 67 now- much easier to sleep in than 87! Speaking of books......I just combined & have been editing some of my stories- on MS Word, it's about 72 pages right now. Ouch. I've never edited anything that big before- I think this is going to be a long but fun project. That's not even all of my stories- just about half of them. You know, I still have yet to read a book and put different images for the lead characters- of course, I'm still working on the book that I have as my "currently reading" on my favorites page on my site. Oh well! One of these days! I tend to read 3 different books at once (I think this came up before too.....) and I'm able to keep them straight, no problem. That sounds like an interesting series! I'm going to have to take note of those. I know what you're saying about Anthony Michael Hall- I can't believe how different he looks now! I always think of him as the geek in 16 Candles (one of my favorite movies). LOL about the RWS- that's why it takes me so long to get through books- I'm always thinking I'm going to read it wrong if I read too fast; I might miss something. Jen- Sorry food commercials keep finding you! Like Jan said, think of all that stuff as the pot of gold you'll find at the end of the rainbow. Sounds like you're doing a lot better than before - that's great that you're up walking! You *go* girl!

 Denise, how exciting, it makes me think he DID clean his desk. Mine hasn't arrived yet, but you gave me a renewed hope for Monday, I think maybe Natalie and I are the only ones looking forward to Monday....I'll keep ya'll posted...I just hope our pics were in THAT batch Natalie....(BTW, I read another message board, and they were saying 'Do any of them write anything other than "thanks for watching"'.....I kinda thought that was funny....Oh, did he capitalize????? Jen, I never realized how many food commercials there are until I read your post....sorry for that. Just think of that sandwich and chicken as the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow....you will have totally earned that! I have a friend who had that surgery who now eats pretty much what she wants, she just has to weigh it out first. Got out of the basement about an hour ago, we had a storm (again!) and this time the sirens went off, that's kind of unusual for the city, the country always gets it, but it usually passes us. Keep a look out Denise, I think it headed that way...... Speaking of good books with journalists...I read a series about three or four years ago about WWII, the lead characters were, an American journalist and a Jewish musician, it is a very good series, one that I kept all the books because I intend to read it again. I may do that and insert certain images for the leads (as per the conversation a while back).....:-) I love reading historical fiction, I tend to learn things without even realizing it, and that's the best way to learn.......Anyway the series is "The Zion Covenant" with the first book "Vienna Prelude" by Bodie Thoene. They are Christian books, but they're not preachy. I've never seen "Monk" but it looks really good, I like "The Dead Zone" on USA, I never really like Anthony Michael Hall in the 80's (he always played such geeky guys), but I love him in this...(also, the sheriff, Walt, is hot!) I'm reading while stupid (RWS), I read the post about the lady sleeping under her desk and the boss got pissed, and I thought the lady pissed under her desk.....'note to self----read slower next time' LOL When ya'll get your creative minds together to collaborate a 'chik-lit', let me know....I'll edit it for ya........ Ok, I was watching CNN a while ago (I know, kill me now) and I saw a commercial for a DVD or Video of "The Road to Baghdad and I thought *dripping sarcasm* What a wonderful idea, who'd have ever thought of that? It's too bad there isn't a competing news channel that has hotter guys and better story telling ability to put their own DVD or Video out there. Then again, who would ever buy such a thing, even though it's only $9.95 for the video and $14.95 for the DVD. DUH

 ARGH Why are there so MANY food commericals on tv?! -- I went for my daily walk w/ my mom today and was like "mom - no walking on July 4th I can't stand to smell cookouts" I'm just looking forward to the end of my 8 week puree from hell menu -- I'm having a nice grilled cheese sandwich and maybe a sliver of BBQ Chicken ... today was a so-so day for me, a lot of "wound" pain but one crushed percocet every 6 hours seems to do the trick ... let's see for today it was: 1 tsb of baby oatmeal and 2 tsb of baby pears for breakfast *2* crackers and 2 cheese cubes for lunch *2* crackers with peanut butter for dinner mmmmmmm I found out some good news today -- not only will I eventually be able to eat salad but a nurse who had the same surgery told me that eventually I'll be able to eat .... *mouth watering* FILET MIGNON because it's tender ugh counting down the days until I can "eat" again 51 days.... Tried to have my protein shake -- dutch chocolate is NOT what I thought i'd be BUT my calcium (SP) (2 tsb of sour lemon) mixed in with 8 oz of Lemonade was pretty good -- chalky looking but good... let's see ah tomorrow for the day is lookin' like this: 2 tablespoon of baby food peaches for breakfast 1/2 of a deviled egg for lunch 2 tablespoon of salmon mixed with 1teaspoon of light mayo and 1 tablespoon of cooked brocolli for dinner mmmmm not quite exactly the steak and chicken fijatas that I read Leslie made a few days ago ... agh Leslie! Your daily food updates are going to kill me *thinking* 51 days left 51 days left 51 days left...

 Hi all. Wow, a new blogger format! When did this happen? Denise, when was Greg on? Friday? I've noticed that Amy Kellogg reported from the Gaza, and I thought Greg went back to the States. Jen, hope your surgery went well. Books? Let me see...has anyone read "Memoirs of a Geisha" by Arthur Golden?

 LOL- I had intentions of getting the cleaning done first before I came back to the computer, but just haven't been able to resist checking in (and downloading some Tori Amos songs). Denise- ah, OK- that's right (sorry I have severe brain fade sometimes!) - so Jan should also hopefully be receiving hers today too since she's in the midwest as well. Actually we get our mail at the PO box in SF (we're in San Rafael) since it's more convenient to get to from where I work. Fortunately it's been convenient to reach from both jobs I've had since we've had it. Sure gives me incentive to go in though! Plus I don't think the hubby would like to see that I got something from Rick- LOL! I'm always the one to go check since it's more convenient for me, unless I run out of time or if I stay home - then he goes to check. Do any of you watch "Monk" on USA on Friday nights? The one last night was good- he puts this letter in the box & actually sticks around to make sure the mailman gets it. My hubby laughed and said something about me being like that. Yeah, I'm a little mail intensive- I'm always concerned that something will be lost or I won't receive something (gee- wonder what that "something" is- LOL!). Actually when you consider how much mail goes through the system, it's a wonder we get what we do. What he wrote was short & sweet! (Although, as it's fairly short- makes you wonder why it took so long, huh!) We'll see what he puts on Jan's & mine- prolly the same- I'm sure they all have a similar way of signing- short and to the point. How exciting!! I just bet you're floating on air today! Are you going to put a copy up at work? I'm thinking about it.....I've got a blank space of wall that I cleared out about three weeks ago..... OK- back to work. ;-p

 Nat I just read your post, so I'll give you a little detail (the best I can). I am in the Midwest, so yours should be there on Mon....maybe you should call in sick to stay home and wait for the mailman...you deserve it girl! Anyway it is a fairly goo size pic 8x10. he is wearing a dark suit with a (interesting tie) the colors look like orange, pink, and white stripes. But the best is he is also wearing that cute little half smile of his! and he wrote... Denise, Thanks for watching! Rick Leventhal Fox News

 Denise! I'm so excited for you!!! But.....*wails* WHERE'S MINE????? Oh, I really really hope so!!!! Oh, good Lord, it's going to be forever till Monday! LOL! I've *NEVER* so looked forward to MONDAY! *hoping hoping hoping* it's there.......please? Pretty please? With a ......oh nevermind- I won't go there! So, what did he say on it???? You're holding out on us! ;-D LOL- I've *joked* about curling up under my desk to hide/sleep but I'd never *actually do* it. Hopefully she gets what she deserves.... but I know what you mean. My saying is, if someone can get caught, I will be the one that gets it- so that's why I tend to play by the rules and not stray more than an inch from 'em. And I'm a *horrible* liar, so I couldn't do any better than dig deeper if I did get caught doing something I shouldn't- LOL Thanks for the condolences- wow, I'd find that really creepy if I dreamed of someone being pregnant and then there was a death- that's heavy symbolism! Oh, gosh, I'm sooooo excited now- I hope he mailed all of us LevenGals who are waiting for pics our copies too! WOO HOO!!!! :-D Jan- any luck????? OK- I know if you got yours too, then mine's gotta be there either Monday or Tuesday- (Denise- if I remember correctly, you're on the East Coast, so it would make sense that you'd get yours fairly close to the postmarked date).

 I GOT MY PICTURE!!!! Just decided to check the mailbox dreading to see what bills I got and there was a manilla envelop hand addressed from Fox News, he even personalized it! The postmark is 6-26 so if you ladies don't get yours today, it is on its way! Hope everyone is having a good weekend so far(mine just got better!). The weather here is absolutely beautiful, sunny day, a few dreamy clouds, and most important not too humid. I did have to work today though. I showed up and no one was there, I thought I had missed something, but some people started filtering in late, then my bos came in 2 hours later he has been on vacation all week and apparently it was his turn to be a Sat manager (they all rotate). Well, he walks up to me and asks me to walk with him, we went to the other end of the building where he pointed to someone's desk and she was curled up sleeping underneath her desk! He was pissed, and wanted me to see it so that when he goes to the Dir on Mon I could vouch for him since he and the manager of that girl's team don't get along. I bet nothing happens to her, I on the other hand would be fired. I don't think there is a section about napping on the job in the employee handbook, but still..... Melissa The photo of Rick IS great, but I can't help think a pic from you would be so much cooler....and you could have a couple of assistants to help! I have thought of carrying a notebook, in fact I have a small one, but it takes up room and I always think "oh well.. I'll remember it" yeah right...when am I ever going to learn my lesson? I can completely relate to the perfect picture, I have a video camera, because I like to make short real life movies, there is nothing better to watch, than everyday life unrehearsed. But I don't always have my video camera with me and it gets frustrating to see a perfect opportunity, that no matter how much I tried could never duplicate. Speaking of movies, I watched The Hours last night, it is a total chick flick (so ladies if you watch it, you may want to watch it without the hubbies, unless you have one of thosse sensitive ones!) I cried, it was really good....I know Nicole Kidman won an Academy award for it but I could not find her, until I figured out she played Virginia Woolf...Wow she was really made to look different, no wonder she won an Oscar, she was a completely different person! Nat I am so sorry about your friend. I know the feeling, it tugs at you for awhile. Everytime I dream that someone is pregnant, someone either I know or someone close me knows dies. It is a bit startling how our subconsciences could on some level know this stuff. But you needn't feel any remorse, you didn't do anything wrong. Jan had a really good idea about the collaborating stuff....I one of my writing classes, we had to write a page of a story and hand to another person and they wrote a page, it turns out really interesting...of course I had to sit next to the Star Trek guy (no offense to Star Trek, it is just not my thing) so my story was about a haunted house, love story, with aliens and spaceships.....a little odd...anyway I could only imagine how all of our stories would come out LOL! Gotta run for now...my sister is visiting from VA and she just got in. Later!

 Melissa- Yeah- I *love* "Life in Mono" There is just something so great about that song- the music, the words- awesome. LOL- I have one of those fat mead books too- I usually use it for a food/pts journal (Weight Watchers)-which I haven't lately- but the other day I scribbled down some ideas that were just springing to my mind. I'd do a tape recorder, but I can't stand the sound of my voice- LOL! I've been told though that you get used to the sound of your voice and that it is also an excellent tool. BTW- the Cristy Lane ad's on again- I think of you every time they play it-LOL! Remember how much they were playing it when the war was really going strong? OK- back to the tape thing- yeah, I could see how that would work too for your photography. I know what you mean about trying to get the perfect picture. There have been so many times where I see the light hitting something in such a way that I want to capture it and when I see the photo later, it's just not the same. That's gotta be one of your greatest pet peaves I bet, 'cause you're trying to capture a specfic moment. One ever so slight change (of light, etc) changes the whole feeling of the picture and it's just not the same. That would drive me crazy as a photographer- I'm such a visual person that it would be extremely (very) important to me- LOL. Oh, good Lord- that dream sequence- I could *totally* see that.....mmmmmm..... you know, I've always said that if I wrote a trashy romance novel I'm going to have to use a pseudonym- LOL I *loved* "Where the Heart Is"- great book (I've only seen bits of the movie- but I almost always think the book's better- I'm a detail person & movies always leave out a lot of them). I have "White Oleander", but haven't read it yet. "Losing Julia" sounds familiar....but can't place it. I remember "A Wrinkle in Time" but haven't read it- I'm going to have to check these out one of these days. Yeah, unfortunately there's *way* too many people out there lacking common sense. Hope you have fun babysitting! :-D Well, I thought I'd check in before I did the cleaning & stuff. Also trying to get the contacts to gel and it helps when I'm doing something (like posting/reading the blog) while they gel. With my allergies, they tend to burn my eyes for the first 10 minutes. Yeah, yeah, I know- I need to get into the eye doctor. I know it's prolly 'cause my eyes are dry *note to self- need to use eye drops*- LOL I hope today is at least a Todd day- I know he tends to pop up sometimes on the weekends every so often. OH YEAH! Rick's going to be on Fox Magazine tomorrow night - you can check it out urlLink here . I think it's a repeat clip though from when he was on a couple of weeks ago reporting about the suicide of the guy who helped save the PA miners. OK- gotta get to work- LOTS of laundry to do & cleaning up. I'll check in later... Leslie, where are you????? I hope everything's OK!!

 Nat - I've never heard the "Great Expectations" whole soundtrack, but I ADORE "Life in Mono" by Mono, that is like one of my absolute favorite songs! And dont even get me started on Mouling Rouge. I think I must've seen that movie a dozen times at the theater (for free though, 'cause I used to work there.) I'm sorry to hear about your old friend. That's so sad! You know what I do to not let myself forget things? I carry around a small "fat mead notebook" in my purse with a pen, and I also carry around a small handheld tape recorder. I record on it when I get ideas while I'm driving in the car. I think I'm going to start using it for my photography too, so I can remember what settings I used for a certain picture. Denise- yeah I LOVE the idea of being Rick's personal portrait photographer. =) I can see it now.............*blurry dream sequence* " Now Rick I want you to turn to the side, for a nice profile shot. Ok now look up here -- yeah right into my eyes. Now give me that lovely smile. GREAT, now we need a casual picture. Ok go ahead and take off that tie, and change into something a little more comfortable.... " Ok I'll stop now before I go overboard and it starts turning into one of those trashy romance novel type things. LOL JEN! Wow I can't believe you're posting already. Sounds like you're doing pretty good. I hope you're feeling ok, those staples don't sound like fun at all. Maybe now you can get your Greg fix while at home =) Me choose books? Hmmmmmm, let me think. *going to look at what books I have LOL* Ok, let's see.. urlLink "Losing Julia" by Jonathan Hull was good from what I've read so far. I never got to finish it, because I started reading something else and packed it away before we moved in Nov. of 2001. I just recently found it about 3 months ago, but I plan to finish it soon. I also liked urlLink "A Walk to Remember" by Nicholas Sparks , it's a very easy read and it's a really touching story (MUCH better than the movie, though I liked the movie too.) And when I was in Jr. High I LOVED the book urlLink "A Wrinkle in Time" by Madeleine L'Engle , people might think it's a *kids* book, but it's really really good, like the Harry Potter books, it's enjoyable to just about anyone who's willing to give it a chance. And speaking of *Oprah Books* I fell in LOVE with urlLink "Where the Heart Is" by Billie Letts . It was the first Oprah book I read. I also like another Oprah book called urlLink "White Oleander" by Janet Fitch . I'm starting to get really irritated with my job too. I just can't believe sometimes how ignorant, naive, and just plain stupid some people are. I hope you all start having a better time at your jobs. =) Or possibly find happiness in something else. =) Oh yeah one more thing. If your post, posts again by itself, you can always edit it. On the bottom 1/2 of the screen in blogger where it shows like the 5 most recent posts, you can click "edit" next to your name on your post. You can also make it change how many posts are being shown in the bottom 1/2. On the right hand colum it says "Show ______ items" you can change it to show up to 50 posts at one time. Hope this helps. =) Well I have to baby sit tomorrow night, so I probably won't post until late. Talk to you all later.

 Jan- LOL- we're on the same page! We watched "One Fine Day" last night & of course George Clooney's in it- and who did someone here (and my hubby) compare to George Clooney? Todd Connor- plus George plays a reporter- so there ya go. LOL! Thanks for the condolences (sp? it's late & I'm tired)- I know I shouldn't feel guilty. It's times like this where you just think "wow, I really need to contact people before it's too late"- it just smacks you right in the face. I'm glad to hear that you won't have that guy telling you (in extreme detail) about his life anymore! I could use that many vacation days too- I have 5 left that I haven't planned. Do you think we'll ever get our pics???? This is becoming excrusciating (sp? again- late, fading fast). LOL! OK- I'm almost falling asleep here while I'm typing- hubby's already snoring- argh. Chat with ya'll tomorrow!

 Ok now I know I hate this, mine just posted itself too, and I wasn't ready. Natalie,I'm really sorry to hear about your friend, I've never really had premonitions like that, but when my great-uncle died, I dreamed about him that night and told him I loved him in the dream....that felt so real...then my dream just went into something totally unrelated... You don't need to feel guilty.... I think I'm watching too much Fox News, in the play last night, which was ok, the lead guy looked like Sean Hannity...I think that's why the play was just ok, Hannity is not the singing and dancing type of guy.....I still can't shake that......on that note, I'm going to watch my tapes of Fox :-)

 Hi Gals, sounds like everyone here is having such a hard time at their respective jobs this week. I guess I can't complain too much, although I try. Actually at the hospital they are having to 'terminate' two pharmacists, that's never good. One of the ones they are going to let go NEVER does his share of the stuff, (he's the depressed-passive-aggressive-control freak I wrote about a while ago) so we're not really too upset, but then that makes me feel guilty that I'm not too upset.......viscious cycle.... Jen, I'm so glad to see your post....I hope everything is going as well as it possibly can...What you ate for a whole day, is not even a complete snack....:-) Oh well, you'll get the last laugh when you're a size three....Go easy on the narcotics.... PU-NO, he really needs to clean that desk of his.....I'll even volunteer to do it for him....Of course, maybe he is on vacation.... I need that many vacation days....:-P It seems like everybody here is a writer or artist of some sort, you should all colaborate(sp) and write a book together, with this many screwed up minds, it's bound to be a best-seller :-P....I actually had a teacher tell me I was a better editor than a writer, since I had no aspirations to be a writer, this didn't bother me at all. I can really see it though, as I read the paper, I tend to rewrite sentences and make them more precise, but, I couldn't come up with that sentence on my own....I guess that teacher was right... I'm not real sure I like this new blog either, I don't have a scroll bar on the 'New Post' section, so it's hard to look back over what I wrote.

 Hey! I like this muuuuuch better!! :-D Jen!! You're writing! You sound like you're doing good- I'm glad you're on your way to recovery! :-D I couldn't imagine eating only what you listed- wow. I'm so glad to see you posting so soon after! Denise- Unfortunately as bad yesterday was, today was worse. I'm having Merlot now, though and I'm home, so I'm better- LOL You sound like me - frustrated to tears- literally. I usually go out for a walk to the post office- still looking for that Rick pic. I really could have used it today. This is starting to remind me of waiting for that phone call from the cute boy in high school (a little wry humor attempt there). I'll keep ya updated on the book progression! I did a short screenplay in my first creative writing class- it felt weird, but it was fun. We explored three genres- poetry, short story, & screenplays. It's so strange in a way to look back at my old stuff- sometimes it's like where did *that* come from and other times, it's like *wow* I wrote that! I have a hard time sometimes with endings- I always like things clear in the ends- no guessing. At the same time, it doesn't leave anything for the imagination to ponder. Oh yeah, I've thought of things and thought, "oh, I'll remember later- I'll write it down then"- 9 times out of 10 I forget and I could just slap myself silly. This time I wrote it down ;-) Usually it's when I'm at work, sometimes at night from a dream. Girl, I know what you mean about taking days off- last year we had flex days- I had every other Weds. off and each & everytime, I would check into the webmail (work email access from home) and reply- pretty sad! I would do that occasionally when I was sick too. In boxes are heinous- I often want to take a match to mine- LOL! Hey, I keep offering to bring the marshmallows for the bonfire, but no one's taken me up on the offer as of yet..... I think you're right about it being prevalent in most companies- that's also why I choose to stay- at least I'm used to what goes on where I am now, and I'm almost 1/2 vested in the 401k. It's just too hard starting over again too & learning new stuff. Oh yeah- and remember the girl that I was kinda mad (well, ok - REALLY mad) at yesterday? She was nice to me today and apologized. I feel kinda guilty 'cause I think she's in sort of the same position I am - just very overwhelmed and really having to start saying 'no' to people. But still, I don't know. I hate being caught in the middle. It's funny that you mention the humor factor on Fox- my hubby was just saying tonight how he thought that's the reason why they're doing so great. Dennis Miller was great on H & C- I was ROFLMAO! God knows I needed some humor today. I second Melissa's choice of books- you have great taste, girl! There was just this one account that's a huge problem - it's not even mine, and I was stuck having to rate it with the actual premium for 2002 & the estimates for 2003. Our system is a pain and there's this lovely CIGA charge that California now requires that we collect on 2003 premium....it was just a mess. I worked on the same acct. all day long and I kept having people come up to me with rushes (7-1 is a real nightmare in our business anyway- there's so many med students finishing residency & they're applying at hospitals so they need everything fast so they can be credentialed). I really don't want to be a bitch to people, but it's getting hard there. I think the main problem is that I'm too much of a "yes" person. I need to say no and put my foot down more. To make matters worse, right when I was breaking down again (i.e., crying) for the 2nd time about this mess of an account, my hubby calls & said that he found out a good friend of ours (one of his co-workers from cable cars- he actually introduced us in a way) had died and the funeral mass was this morning, and he only found out this afternoon. It was a huge blow, and it was just so awful, 'cause we kept saying that we should get in touch with him (he retired in 98 or so) and didn't. The last time I saw him, he'd given me a hug and as I walked away, I had the oddest feeling that it would be the last time I'd see him. I haven't ever shaken that feeling, and it really should have been enough motivation for us to keep in touch with him....I feel so guilty and just blah. Denise & Jan- your VCR/TV stories are great! I remember that for a short while we had this rectangular box that had numbers & a slide tab that you moved to change the channel- it had a long cord so you could take it to the couch. I think it went up to 40 or something- MTV used to be 33. (I have *NO* idea how I remembered that......this is like 20 years ago- LMAO- talk about a strange selective memory- full of useless information! LOL). OK- now I have an unsettled feeling- so the three of us are waiting for pics now.....and we all emailed about a month ago. Well, I guess we know three of the ones buried there! Denise- I'm going to have to include you when I ask Jan about whether the pic arrived or not. I sent mine on May 22 I think, and then the follow up email on June 18th....which was almost a week & a half ago. I second your nomination to have Melissa take his picture!

 hey guys! Typing a little slow here but made it home in a couple of pieces j.k. I've got *counting* 32 staples *ouch* that are hot and sore -- there was NO fox news inbetween the percocet and morphine drip I was going complety insane they only had CNN and I was telling Melissa of course there had to be a peace treaty that Greg would have covered but I had to watch it on CNN -- I thought I'd let you guys know what filled me for today: 2 tsb of applesauce for breakfast 1 cheddar cheese cube and 1/2 saltine cracker for lunch 1 cracker with tuna fish and about 1/2 a tsb of "loose" tuna fish for dinner I've also been able to drink 16oz of the required 64 oz of liquid I'm suppose to drink a day tomorrow I start my vitamins and protein shakes tomorrow and get these God awful staples out Tuesday -- I got 227 new e-mails since I had my surgery and none from the object of my affection -- it was funny as I was going into the OR they were like "Think of something or someone that makes you happy" dunno why I started laughing and smiling hmm wonder why *eating my crushed procect with baby applesauce* okay done -- talk to you guys later with more surgery "war stories" thank you guys so much for all your well wishes!! They ment so much to me !! :)

 Hey, my post just published by itself! Apologies if anything is spelled incorrectly or doesn't make sense I didn't get to proofread. I will write the rest later, since blogger decided I was done for now! Later guys!

 Hello ladies! I have been so busy the last few days (some play, some work) Just got to see Greg, I had just turned on the tv too, lucky me! Anyone else notice Shep takes a lot of Fridays off? He gets to start his weekends early.....what a schedule...of course he probably works a lot of hours everyday that he is there (much more than we see on tv). I noticed Pres Bush is hosting a luncheon in SF and there are several protestors outside, I can't help think about how thick of a skin someone must have to be in politics, it would hurt my feelings that so many people so blatantly hated me. They didn't have any protestors at Hilary's book signing but then again I did hear that Howard Stern had a much bigger line so... Nat Hope your work day is better today! It must have been a bad day for work yesterday, I got to work and I had a nasty message from a broker claiming that we srewed up his client's contract, I know I did it correctly, but all signs pointed to me messing it up, even though 2 others could vouch for me, I was so frustrated my eyes started to tear up and I had to leave for awhile. It was better today. Sign me up for a copy of your book, girl! I am a writer as well, but I am working on a screenplay, although I can't seem to get it just right to feel that it is completed. I have a degree in music/video/business and took a lot of writing classes and found it very enjoying. I know what you mean about the most unexpected and little things can inspire you, my problem is it usually happens in the middle of the night and I forget by the time I wake up. That ever happen to you? I hate leaving things on when I leave the house too. I sometimes have a moment of panic when I think did I turn off the curling iron? I didn't bump the stove and turn it on did I? what if the fan falls out of the window and my kitties get hurt? then I forget about it and everything is fine when I get home. Melissa glad to hear that you heard from Jen. I bet she is bored there without her Greg fix! Any new books to report? You could be our book review LOL! Kind of like Oprah's book of the month club, we'll read what you say is good! Sherry I'm glad you are having great weather, we have also had at least 5 days now with no rain here in the Midwest (it sprinkled last night but nothing bad) but the humidity is killing me, I am such a baby, I need AC! I can totally relate to the job thing. I see over and over again how some people get away with murder and the supervisors know it but nothing ever happens to them. I miss a day, and I feel so guilty, that I didn't enjoy my day off and the pile that is on my desk *yuck* I think this is happening all over, I've worked for different companies and it is the same game with different players and there is not a darn thing I can do about it! It gets frustrating, makes me want to open my own business! Have fun camping! I hope the weather is beautiful for you! Jan That is funny about the VCR, your dad sounds like mine. My brothers, siter and I WERE the remote control, my dad used to call us from the next room to come in and change the channel, I for one am happy for that great invention (although now I have too many) If you are the next to "remind" Rick about the photos, I have one sitting there too...I e-mailed him my address over a month ago, but no pic. Maybe he has to get more made, or he didn't like the old one and wanted another picture taken **Melissa, you're on!** I'm just trying to justify the lack of photos in our mailboxes! Jayel It was really cool to hear that Fox is beating CNN! After reading that post I flipped on CNN last night since Fox had a repeat of the O'Reilly Factor on and I was so bored, they were so stiff and stone like....nothing like Fox where they seem so comfortable and actually seem to LIKE their jobs, Cavuto, O'Reilly, Shep, even Brit Hume all make make jokes while on the air, no wonder I didn't watch the news much before I found Fox, it was boring!

 Hey- one more thing that I meant to ask before & forgot. Have you all heard the soundtrack to "Great Expectations"? There's a couple on there I'm not crazy about but I love most of the CD- I've been listening to that a lot lately. Another (not too common artist) that's pretty good is Rufus Wainwright (his second CD "Poses" is better than his first, I think). He had a song on the "Shrek" soundtrack ("Hallelujah") and also on the "Moulon Rouge" soundtrack- that one escapes me right now, but it's also good. Both of these just kinda fit the mood I'm in- some of the inspiration I've gotten the last couple of days have come from the "Great Expectations" soundtrack songs.

 Melissa- I'm *so* glad you heard from Jen & that she's doing fine. I'd just go *crazy* if I was in the hopital and didn't have Fox to watch- what a bummer. I just hope he sent the pic before he went on vacation (assuming he's on vacation).....I will keep ya'll posted on how the novel's coming. I'm going to work on it this weekend- I'm still fired up about it, so that's a great sign! I'll send excerpts at some point & you can give me your take. It truly is amazing how one seemingly minute thing can inspire something huge. I think I like the other blogger better- it was easier to send a post while I'm at work- this one is just too obvious- LOL Happy hour was a lot of fun last night- I laughed like I haven't laughed in ages- where tears were coming out of my eyes, stomach hurt, & I couldn't breathe! It was *such* a release- a badly needed one at that! I just had a glass of Merlot & then left at 6:00; so, alas, I missed Todd on Fox Report. I think they tend to replay his reports on the weekend though, depending on what they are. I'll keep my eyes peeled tonight for him on FR (as I *should* get home in time to see at least half of it (I hope!) and then this weekend- apparently *he's* back from vacation. It sounds like I missed a *really* funny FR yesterday- sounds like Shep was in his element! It's supposed to be hot again today- I swear, the coolest I was yesterday was in the bus on the way home. It's 70-80 where I work- they claim they're having problems with the AC, it was 95 in SF yesterday & Kevin said when he went home that it was 100+ outside & 100 inside the boat. Maggie was fine- he said she was laying in the sun sometimes- crazy girl. I left the fans on today (hopefully it was a wise decision- I hate leaving things on like that when I leave). I think it was 85-90 again inside when we were going to sleep at 11:00. Another day or so and the fog should be coming in (aka natural AC). Sherry- yeah, I'm sure we can commiserate with each other about job stuff- sounds like you have some of the same bad actors we have here. We have people who are 'repeat offenders' for going out on 'stress' leave- I feel for them, however what they don't realize is that someone has to pick up their slack and gee, that kinda stresses us out too. So in that way I lose a lot of sympathy towards them. I could have easily gone out a few times but chose not to- I just don't feel right about doing that to other people- but that's just me. It is really a shame that it's come down to that in offices where you can't let someone go because of their performance- even when they're lying- because everything is so PC now. It seems that the people who call in sick a lot don't get reprimanded, but then I knew someone who hardly even abused it and she got a lower review. I couldn't believe that when she told me- we both knew of others who really abused time off. So, yeah- I know *exactly* what you mean- I think it's prolly (unfortunately) common business practice today. I'm really glad you're getting to leave your job & going back to school- it will be a really nice break. I just have to make it 5.5 more years here- then Kevin will be retiring (early)- I'll be 100% vested in my 401k & as well as for the pension they offer. That's the only thing keeping me here. Have fun camping this weekend!! Hope you have *excellent* weather!! OK- gotta get to work and do this thing that the other chick "didn't have time to do" - oh yeah- BTW....she didn't have time to help me out on this, but she had time to show up for happy hour last night- even if she only stayed like 45 minutes. Oh well! OK- let's keep our fingers crossed for a pic in the mail! (*How many times* have I said/ended with that- LMAO) Have a great FRIDAY everyone!! :-D

 hmmmm, I'm not sure how much I like this new blogger, it's awful small. *wonders how to add new members now* Jen called me just about 15 minutes ago. She's doing fine, and enjoying her protien shake *not!* And has the unjustice of NO Fox News at the hospital. She thinks she gets to come home tomorrow, but probably won't post until this weekend. I was relieved to hear from her, since I was a little worried last night. Natalie - sorry to hear about your icky time at work, and no photo yet. If Rick is anything like me, then he'd forget his head if it weren't attached to him, even though it was right in front of him. LOL Hey you know what they say, "If it weren't for the last minute I'd never get anything done." I'm sure he's just procrastinating, or the people at the PO are. LOL Your book sounds awesome! You'll have to let us know how it's coming along, and if you get stuck you can always feel free to ask me for input. :) It's funny what little things can inspire such big things. It's very awesome that FNC is beating CNN! And don't worry you two aren't the only butter knifes on the blog, consider me just about as dull as they come. :) I, like you, had never heard of Rick before the war. Oh well, now I have, and it's great knowing I can get reliable news from such a stud. :) Well it's time for dinner and my tummy is grumbling at me, so I must do what it asks of me. LOL Talk to ya gals later. Oh yeah, and for all you all *roasting* in the sun, all I have to say is it was 70 degrees here today! =P

 OMG, did anyone see the G Block today. Shep is too funny. He was telling a Snoop Dogg story and he was talking like Snoop does. You hear the crew laughing at him in the background. Also he was talking about the Nemo movie and how all these kids are flushing their fish down the toilet. He said you should know when you do that they don't go to the sea and play with all their friends they get ground up in large pieces of machinery. He cracks me up.

 Good Evening Everyone!!! It was a roasting hot one on the east coast today. I might have got to 100 and with the humidty it felt like 120. I think it is supposed to cool down tomorrow though which i a good thing but we have had 4 whole days with no rain. Nat - I just saw Todd on The Fox Report. I hope you got to see it, it sounds like you needed a Todd sighting. I'm sorry you are having such a hard time at work. I know how you feel. I had so many frustrations at my job and people not doing their job, coming in late. I would write them up and go to HR and HR would never back me up. I had employee lying on her time sheet time and time again and I could never get her fired. I get that all the time at work from people who are so behind, yet they call in sick all the time and never get in any kind of trouble and we always have to pick up the slack. Hang in there. Jayel - I was thinking Rick was probably on vacation too. It would be a good time to go like you said. Thanks for sharing the stuff about CNN and that Fox is still beating them. I wonder how Paula's new show is doing?? LOL, I'm sure Shep will let us know. Okay the craziest thing happened. I was typing my blog and there was someone else's message showing up on mine I had to highlight and erase it. I don't know what that was all about. Gotta go get myself pack. Going camping this weekend. I'll check in later

 Jan- I just saw your post. I think I know that song- you're right- that's like us, huh! Looks like we were on the same wavelength with the picture email- LOL! I say give it another week or so maybe. You're right- he could have done it and then it's sitting there in the Fox mailroom. About the writing- you betcha! Everyone here will get advanced signed books! ;-) As long as I get it written and then published that is......LMAO about the stranger being the hot Jewish reporter.....hmmm....wonder if I could work that in......the thought has crossed my mind. Of course, I'd have to change some identifying stuff though. Melissa- You've been quiet! I hope everything is OK! Have you heard from Jen yet? Chat with ya'll manana.

 Ok- before I reply, I have to vent a little- I'm even more inspired now to write that book after today. I *know* things will get better here at work, but there are a couple of folks who are just really pushing my buttons this week. I've had it with people who basically say "I don't care" and then complain about the outcome. I've had it with people who play the pity role all the time ("I'm just too overloaded with other emergency problems today....I do not have time to work on this today and frankly tomorrow either....I know that's not what you're hoping to hear but I just frankly have too many emergency things to do and too many meetings to be in....I certainly want to offer you my help but honestly I will be in this weekend as usual working"....yadda yadda yadda). It's the same thing all the time from this person and I'm just tired of being left hanging (and it's not only me that she does this to). It's just so irritating and I don't have patgience for her spoiled child-like attitude. OK- 'nuff said- *venting over* Jayel- Gosh, I hope he's not on vacation this week- I still have *yet* to get that picture......I had a lot of mail today, but not from FOX....argh. You started watching Fox for the same reason I did- it was actually my hubby who got me on to it- betcha he wishes he hadn't now! LOL! I didn't take notice of the guys on there before either till the war started. I guess I'm the other not so sharp knife in the drawer ;-) Great news about Fox toppling CNN- Fox & Friends likes to take shots at them too- there was something a couple of months ago where they said "that other news network that starts with a "C" and ends in two "N"s" LMAO! I think we nicknamed CNN as the Communist News Network (although I'm sure that was coined by someone else before us). Rather appropriate considering the comment that you said that a CNN embed made about the Marines. Shame on him! Well, we're sweating out the heatwave in the Bay Area. It's 95 here in SF which is way above normal- I feel like I'm back in AZ again. It's 100 at home (San Rafael)- yuck. I hope my kitty's OK! My hubby went home early today (snuck out) and I'm staying for happy hour but just for an hour since my last bus out of town leaves at 6:15. Hopefully I can find my way to the stop LOL- just kidding- I'm just having a glass of merlot. Leslie- I'll be sure to toast to you! ;-) I prolly won't post again till tomorrow AM. Jan- any luck with the mail today? You may want to start that email....LOL!

 All this talk reminds me of a country song by one of my favorite singers Collin Raye called "Not That Different"--'I laugh, I love, I hope, I try, I hurt, I need, I fear, I cry, and I know you do the same things too, so we're really not that different, me and you.' OK, I'm singing it now, but it really is a great song. Good thing this blog doesn't have audio...It's something I try to remember when I'm talking with people I'm not really fond of....Plus, Collin is a pretty hot guy... :-) Denise, that does make a person feel old, remember when we used to HAVE to watch the commercials or walk all the way across the room to change the channel? I actually bought the family's first VCR (I'm thinking 84?), my dad said "This is going to be just another thing you use for 2 weeks and then it will collect dust forever", I still throw that at him from time to time....I sounds like you enjoyed your concert, that's always a good thing after spending the money, I don't go to too many concerts, mostly because it's either a trip to St. Louis or Chicago, all the good ones don't have any interest in Peoria...but I've seen Phil Collins a few times... Our storm last night took care of the excessive humidity for a while, now today it is sunny and warm with a breeze. Last night the storm hit so fast, I didn't even realize it. The wind was nuts, up to 60mph they are saying today. It blew some siding off a neighbor's house and snapped power lines all over. I swear it was the closest thing to a hurricane we're bound to experience this far north. PU-no such luck....how long do we give him this time???? I was thinking if he did do anything with it on that Wed? Thurs?, he probably sent it through the mail room and it is up to them to get it out, maybe another week??? Let me know, I guess I'm the next logical one to remind him....:-) Melissa--217 pages a day is awesome. My sister is up to page 600 and she thinks she has it figured out, I'll have to tell her that you thought you had it figured out too, but were surprised, she trys to predict too... Natalie-You go girl, get that idea all fleshed out and start writing...of course, I'd like my book signed by the author....Could that 'stranger' be a hot Jewish reporter? (minus a girlfriend)..... Jayel-I've noticed how Shep 'badgers' Jane Skinner too, I imagine it's like an older brother thing (I don't have one), Shep has mentioned before how all the Fox people really like each other, and it really does seem to show... I've also seen how CNN is using a lot of their war footage, it makes me think Fox should get more mileage out of their 'much better' reporters. Well, I'm off to a community play tonight, spending some quality time with my mom, I think my dad is opting out, but I'm not really sure. I'll check back later....

 Hi, ladies! Does anyone think that Rick could be on vacation this week? With summer here and news in NYC so slow, this would seem to be an opportune time to take off. I trust that Jen is progressing satisfactorily. Ellen - I'm one of the older ones here, too. What is rather amazing about this blog is that we're all quite different and yet we're so compatible. From what I've read on other blogs and message boards, to have members who are all nice and respectful of each other is very unusual. What we all have in common -- being female, liking Rick and being Fox News fans -- is enough to make us a cohesive group. For anyone who has a problem with getting older, I can only recommend what works for me. My advice: Consider getting a modern English version of the Bible, read the New Testament first, since it's easier to understand, and then the Old Testament. Reading the Bible helps me to keep all issues of life in perspective, so perhaps it would help anyone who wants to give it a try. It's interesting that you said that you're a Democrat, so would you like to tell us what led a Democrat to become a Fox News watcher? I started watching because it was so amazing to me to be able to hear conservative views expressed. I didn't even pay any attention at all to the various Fox reporters until the Iraq war began, so obviously I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer. Lol! In the regrettable absence of any Rick news, I did come across a positive article on Fox News, which involves their rivalry with CNN. The article stated that Fox has beaten CNN in the ratings for 18 straight months and is almost doubling CNN's primetime ratings. As a result of this, Fox is set to topple CNN on the crucial ad sales front. CNN's top money man has resigned, as have a series of top level CNN execs. I notice that Shep and Bill O'Reilly enjoy taking potshots at CNN. CNN has run some special shows on their coverage of the Iraq war. Having not watched CNN's war coverage, I've seen a couple of these specials and more than ever I'm impressed with the way that Rick, Greg and Ollie reported on the war. Almost all of the CNN reporters went out of their way to point out anything that went wrong with the American military. One CNN reporter even said that, "You almost have to hate the Marines" for conducting house-to-house searches in Baghdad. Considering that these were the same Marines with whom he had traveled to Baghdad and who had protected him, I found his attitude to be astonishing. Another CNN reporter appeared to have been combative and argumentative with the soldiers with whom he had been embedded. Has anyone noticed how Shep likes to tease Jane Skinner about her "drinking and drug use?" I think that Jane must be a very wholesole, straightlaced type, and that's why Shep likes to tease her. I always feel that the degree of Shep's teasing is a tip-off to how much he likes other Fox employees. From what I've seen so far today, this isn't going to be a good day for sighting any of our favorite Fox guys.

 Holy cow, this looks so different! I liked it better when I could easily see what people have posted so I could respond.....can't do that anymore as far as I can tell, so I guess I'll be doing the split screen thing. I was so bummed that it wasn't available yesterday. I was in such a strange mood and now it's gone and it's hard to describe. It was a really crappy day at work, and I just had this feeling like I wanted to run away, and then I started thinking of story ideas and one thing was leading to another so I wrote down the basics in this notething I had in my purse. I think I'm just so tired, and when I get like that I start thinking on different levels (I'm sure ya'll know what I mean)- it was like a heightened sense of awareness and my mind was open to a lot. I had to take the bus (hubby took the day off so he could get some work done & also take Maggie to the vet for her check up) which was really funny (I told Sherry & Leslie I think) on IM last night. There was this guy who asked if I was waiting for the 32 and it was funny, 'cause off hand he kinda reminded me of Rick - but much younger. LOL I guess that's kinda what got my story idea too- the character is prolly going to be a Bridget Jones type- not flashy, not plain- just in the middle & having gone through lousy relationships where she's met guys everywhere but nothing seems to pan out. So when a stranger asks what time it is, etc- she doesn't take notice until this time, yadda yadda yadda. I don't want to spill too much- but I also got the idea of putting a few of my short stories together as chapters. I'm really stoked about this. I just really want to be excited about something and my job just doesn't do it for me. LOL- ya'll may be picking up *my* chick-lit book some day! Oh yeah- I had the strangest dream last night- I think I'll put it in my blog and you can check it out there- I feel funny posting it here at the moment- dunno why though. It wasn't dirty, just kinda weird- typical for my dreams. Melissa- Have you heard from Jen yet? God, I hope she's doing well- I'm sure she is- she's a real trooper. That horoscope *was* similar huh! No pic yesterday either. Either it's still on his desk or the PO is losing my mail. We'll see today....unfortunately I have a 2 hr mtg this morning followed by a welcome lunch for my new sprvsr, and then happy hour at 5. Let's see- I guess I'll get about 2 hours of work in today- LOL It'll be another day of missing Fox Report- oh well-but the first drink is on the VP- hard to pass that up. I couldn't stand when everything was DOS- but you know, our system here at work used to be DOS based & it worked *better* than the crappy windows based one we have now- not as many issues (which require issue reports= more work). What book are you starting next? Sherry, Jan & Leslie- it was fun chatting with ya'll on IM- challenging, but fun! It's supposed to be 95 here in San Francisco & 97 where I live. When I went to bed last night (at 11:00) it was 75 outside & 87 inside. I was melting. I had the fan on, but it's a small one and for all the noise it makes it just doesn't put out that much of a breeze. Oh yeah- and there was virtually no breeze outside- earthquake weather is what they call this here; it's an urban legend. The AC at work is dismal - they use the excuse that the "heat wave snuck up on them"- uh huh, right. Just get the darn thing fixed! LOL So......yeah, it's gonna be a hot one here today. I checked the temp in Austin & Phoenix where we have family and we were close to matching them yesterday. I'm going to try to check in to weather.com to see what the current stats are- I'm always curious about weather (so much so that I almost considered changing my major to meteorology in my first year at SFSU). Oh yeah- before I forget- someone had asked about where that list of stuff came from about the Pac Man, Pong, TVs with 13 channels, etc. It's something that Beloit College puts out every year now- you can find it urlLink here OK- gotta get to work. Talk to ya'll later- have a good day! :-D

 The blog is back. Good Morning Ladies!!! It is a Code Red day today in Maryland, it is gong to be like 98 an the air quality is unsafe. It is too hot for me. It is supposed to cool off tomorrrow. Melissa - Losing my blog yesterday was my own fault. I figured out what I did. When I went to hit post and publish I accidently hit the Blogger icon above it. Dummy me. Any news on Jen??? Greg was looking great yesterday on TV. It looks really hot there and he looks like he is getting some sun. I also got to see Adam so I was pretty happy. Rick is still missing in action. Poor guy can't get a decent story to cover. I gotta go for now but will post more later.

 Sherry, I'm sorry about the blog. But that should be fixed here soon since I FINALLY got my debit card in the mail and will be buying and setting up a new site very soon and we won't have to use blogger anymore. :) Nat - isn't that very similar to the horoscope you had yesterday? Hopefully it's right :) My brother and I used to have those old tv's with only 13 channels and you had to turn the knobs. And I'll never forget when we first got a computer. heh heh, and all the programs had to be loaded in DOS with a REAL floppy disc. And I remember too when AT&T used to have commercials "for the future" with video phones and I would think "That's never gonna happen!" and I remember when AOL used to charge by the hour. And cell phones used to be as big as cordless phones. And let's not forget Super Mario 3 when you could FINALLY go backwards in a game. :) Ahhhh the memories. Denise - sounds like you had a pretty good time at your concert! I was supposed to go to the Warped Tour concert yesterday, but with my friend being pissed at me we didn't go. Oh well, there were only a couple bands I wanted to see anyway. I did the math this morning, and with the H.P. book being 870 pages and me reading it in 4 days (not counting the 1 page I read Friday night LOL), then I read an average of 217.5 pages a day. Not too bad especially when 3 of those days I was home and had nothing else to do But now I'm reading book #1. I only read 1/2 of it the first time then skipped to the second book since I had already seen the first movie. I have a feeling I may have missed some important details. And I have this horrible habit of trying to figure out a book and/or movie before it ends, and I LOVE it when I'm right. LOL It's really funny because when I read it I picture Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, and basically everyone else the way the look in the movie, except Harry. I picture Harry like they draw him on the books. It's Very strange really. Well luch is almost over and I'm gonna check my e-mail and read some. Talk to y'all later. :)

 Denise, as Sherry mentioned, on yesterday's Fox Report, Greg was wearing that yellowish/camel colored shirt. It was a brief report with Shep.

 Hi all. Greg just reported from the Gaza. David Asman asked Greg lots of questions, so there was lots of Greg air time. Greg's forehead was glistening with sweat, and he was quite golden from the Mideast sun.

 OK- here we go again with the horoscope: "Regardless of the weather, the day may have special appeal for you, especially this afternoon, when a sense of euphoria lightens your spirit." It's definitely going to be another *warm* day (it was 83 inside last night- ick) Maybe the sense of euphoria will be........ Sherry- I hate when I lose a blog post- it just never turns out the same..... Yeah- VCRs used to be pricey. I think getting the VCR was like getting a Microwave, very expensive then (and very cheap now), and it was a *huge* deal when we got each of them (microwave was back in 1980 or so). I felt like I was in the "in crowd" LOL Remember Pillsbury frozen microwave popcorn? You had to keep it in the freezer- I was just reminiscing about that the other day with my hubby. I remember the Hooters! Didn't the lead singer have something to do with Cyndi Lauper? I think he was in the "Time After Time" video. Ahhhhhhh......still agonizing for missing Todd- sounds like he was looking *good* yesterday. I need to get better at recognizing their voices- that'd prolly help, huh? Denise- glad you had a great time at the concert! OH YEAH! I know the email you're talking about....I think I have the link saved at home for the university that does that every year- I'll have to look it up. OMG- a TV with 13 channels - we were like that till 1982- LOL- BETA TAPES- LMAO- I'd almost forgotten about those! Pong was great. Remember the Pac Man song that came out around that time? I don't remember how it goes though....you could prolly find it on WINMX or any of the other music downloading sites. The guy in front of you at the show had a good idea- I'm going to have to remember that next time I got to a show. It's like making your own concert shirt! That's funny what your family does- my dad's side of the family (me included) tend to run late to dinners & stuff- but my grandma is so well known for it that we always tell her a half hour earlier too. I've been wondering about Rick (or lack thereof) too- where *is* that boy! Not only that, but the picture hasn't shown up yet- I wonder if it's still sitting on his desk... ;-p And I agree with you about him being more attractive and more amusing to watch than you-know-who. Yeah! Check out those sites- check out the picture! If you didn't feel old before you will now- they look older and Roger looks a lot different to me than before. LMAO about Nick's makeup.... Amen to your comment about how we all gather here for a common interest and how we come from different ages, backgrounds & stuff- I think it's amazing and awesome too. I agree America *IS* grand! :-D a h - I sort of liked the Cure, but I was always more into DD than them. I was really surprised they regrouped too- I never expected it to happen, and you're right- it was never the same after they split & added the new guys. Melissa- I'm sorry you're feeling down! Hopefully today will be a better day. Wow, I *still* can't believe that you got through HP that fast!! I hope Jen's doing good too- definitely let us know if you hear from her, and tell her that we are all thinking of her. Know what you mean about hospitals- ick. I liked a bit of the early/mid 90's alternative stuff but not so much of the hard stuff though. There's current stuff I like now, but I find I'm kinda picky about it. OK- later- gotta get to work. :-l

 I am so mad right now. I just typed a huge blog and lost it. Ugh. Now I have to remember what I said. Well it is another beautiful day on the east coast. Going to be 96 today, a little too hot but at least it is not raining. Lynne - Hope you are enjoying the weather in VA. Denise - Thanks for sharing the concert info. I'm glad he didn't spew too much. Of course I'm seeing him right outside DC so he may feel the need to be a little more vocal. I hope not. I love their music and can't wait to see them Tuesday. Jan - I remember LIve Aid. My mom wouldn't let me watch the whole thing but I watched as much as I could Nat - We got our VCR in 1985 also and I remember it was a big thing because they were like $500-$700 back then. I remember getting cable also and I was so excited because I got to see MTV. Does anyone remember the band The Hooters. I loved them. I had a huge crush on the blond singer that played the piano. Todd was looking good yesterday and yes he still has the goatee. I was in the other room and heard his voice. I'm getting very good at recognizing the guys voices. Melissa - I love early 90's hip hop/dance music. That is when I was 21 and going to the clubs. THey had some great music in that time frame. You go girl reading that whole book. I'm a fast reader but that is a lot of pages. Where were you going on your road trip?? My hubby is working on July 4th so we won't be doing anything. AH - I saw Greg and was he wearing the same shirt he had on Sunday. It looked like it and yes I notice these trivial things. My hubby like British Bands. He likes The Cure but also like The Damned and Ministry. Ellen - Good to see you posting. I bet you do miss California. Well I gotta get to work, talk to you ladies later.

 Hey girls! I know it is late but I am still on my music high from Pearl Jam, they are simply AMAZING live. I was a bit disappointed with my seats, but hey what can you do right? Speaking of ages, I got an e-mail at work today that made me feel old,(I'm 29, not quite sure I want to be 30 yet) the e-mail was published yearly by a university (I forgot which one), but it is meant to give the proffs a little perspective on the freshman that are starting. Here are some examples, this year's freshman have only known Jay Leno as the host of the Tonight Show, they have likely never seen a tv with only 13 channels, have always had a remote control and cable, they were born the year that the walkman was introduced, the terms "I've fallen and can't get up" and "where's the beef" have no meaning to them, they have always had VCRs, they have no idea what a beta tape is, never touched an Atari so they have likely never played Pac Man or Pong, they don't know who JR is so they don't care who shot him, and the funniest one to me is that Micahel Jackson has always been white! Well all I can say is they don't know what they have missed! Sherry You are in for one heck of a show, although there was a little spewing. At first Eddie came out and dedicated the song Evacuation to the all the soldiers in the Middle East that SHOULD be coming home. Ok I can deal with that, I thought that was the end, and all was good, but he began singing "there is no love in DC, there is no love in Washington, but there is love here and we need to use it as weapons of mass construction" I could have done without the little play on words, but overall it was a fantastic show. Oh....I almost forgot, there was a guy that sat in front of us that was wearing a plain white t-shirt, and his buddy was writing the number and name of the songs in permanant marker as they came up, all over the shirt, I thought it was a really cool idea and remember where you park because my brother and I lost the car! we wandered around arguing about who should have looked at the marker. Let me know how your show goes. Jan I can relate to always being behind. I set my alarm 1 1/2 hours ahead so I won't be late, but I find myself hitting snooze until the last possible moment and I usually have 15 minutes to get ready. My family and friends always tell me to be somewhere 1/2 hour earlier than I need to be because I am always late and that would make me on time....I also don't find cleaning therapudic, I got the vacuum out of the closet last week, it is still sitting here, did I tell you that I procrastinate too??? oh well things like that make us who we are right? a I can't believe I missed Greg again, in my rush to get to my concert on time, I neglected to set the vcr...Darn I haven't seen him since Sun how was it? Melissa You're timing must be great, to have finished the book at that moment! I know what you mean about reading so fast, sometimes it feels like there is just too much information swimming around in my head and I get dizzy (It could be that I am blond too LOL) I'm glad you're feeling better though. Has Rick been abducted by aliens? Where is that boy....I would think they could at least send him away from NYC to cover a bigger story, and get Geraldo away from the camera! (sorry if any of you are Geraldo fans, I just trust Rick's reports better and he is much more attractive and more amusing to watch) Nat Duran Duran back together? Really? Nick Rhodes rocks, even though he wears more makeup than I do! I'll have to check out those websites. Leslie About your comment about women being on the same cycles because of being close, it made me think how cool it is that women of all different ages, backgrounds, and areas in the country can get together for one common interest (our Fox Boys) and we all end up having so much more in common, and are a lot alike. Isn't America grand? Sorry this is so long I needed to get rid of some energy, and I think I am finally tired, I hope everyone's dreams are good!

 Hello. Greg suddenly popped up during the Fox Report, which was a nice suprise. Speaking of music, almost all of my favorite bands have been British for some reason. Does anyone like The Cure? They've spanned from the early '80s to now--they're actually working on a new cd. It's quite surprising to hear that Duran Duran regrouped; the group just wasn't the same when it became a trio and when they added that Warren guy. Although I remember the eighties, I guess I'm more of a '90s British rock music fan.

 Ellen- Good to see you posting! It was me who likes Todd (as well as Rick)- I still can't believe I missed him today. Gotta start paying attention to the voices when that's all you can see/hear & when I come in on the middle of a segment..... Jan- I thought about getting that video- lol- actually I was thinking about DVD....had all my favorites on there. Now *THAT* really brings me back to Christmas 1984- it was good & bad- I was in one of those "awakening" or epiphany stages you go through being a teenager, plus it was the first Christmas after my Grandpa died. Live Aid- I watched sooo much of that and if we had a VCR I would've taped it all. Can you believe, 1985, and when we wanted to watch videos, we rented a VCR??? We didn't get a VCR till later 1985- like around Christmas. That seems so late to me now. LOL- I'm going to have to check out TYO on DVD....good idea, thanks! :-D Sorry ShepHerders, but ROFLMAO about even imagining Shep with facial hair!! Never thought about that till you mentioned it- hehehe. Shep's *much* better cleanshaven. OK- I'll check in with ya'll in the AM- gotta get settled in for bed (yeah, it's only 8:30 here, but I have to start early so I can wind down and be able to sleep). Have a good one!

 Hey girls. Guess I can't really relate to the 80's scene. In the late 80's when I was old enough to remember songs, my mother shelterd me with country music since she hated all that 80's pop. Oh well, I don't mind some of the 80's songs, but I'm more of an 90's gal since that was my jr. high and highschool time. =) I got to the end of the book today, page 870. I read this morning on the way in to work, I read for about 1/2 an hour before I had to work, I read at lunch, and later in the afternoon when we were really slow. Then I read more on the way home, and read in the car while my mom stopped at the gocery store to pick up a couple things, and by the time we got to the driveway of our house I had exactly one page left. =) It was very bittersweet indeed. I don't hardly ever read that fast, but I did it with the last HP book too, they just get so intense close to the end. J.K. definately knows how to build up the climax (which is usually closer to the end of the book rather than the middle) and she knows how to let ya down nice and easy. There were a LOT of questions answered in the book, and I'm happy for that. Any theory I had going in my head of what was going on in the story has been destroyed, so it's back to the drawing boards with my predictions. I really shouldn't read that much in such a short amount of time. It kind of puts me in this weird zone. I'm feeling paticularly sour today. It doesn't help that my best freind is mad at me because I can't afford to go a road trip we were supposed to go on over 4th July. But it's hard to go on a road trip when you're car has broke down, and you need to save for a new car by the middle of August. *ho-hum* :( I hope Jen is feeling ok, I'm sure she's fine. She's a real trooper. If one thing scares me, it'd have to be hospitals. I always get anxious in hospitals. Not to mention there's always that odd smell in a hospital. Ok, I'm gonna go for the night, I'm not being very cheeful at the moment. Maybe a little Rick sighting will be just the ticket tomorrow. :)

 The Young Ones was my sister's favorite show. She made me watch it, but truth is, I kinda liked it. Got the video of "Do They Know it's Christmas?" We still do, I wonder if it even still works. Phil Collins on drums, woo-hoo, I still like him too. Must be something with older guys with younger girlfriends/wives....My sis also taped every minute of Live Aid...wow, that goes back...I think the have TYO's on DVD now in a set, makes me think it might make a good Christmas gift, never too early to start....Yes to Todd's goatee, it looks good on him, some men have no business with facial hair, but on others, it enhances their look. I can't even imagine Shep with a goatee or moustache....

 i don't post much but i read that Nan thought she might be the oldest in here - nada - i graduated in '70. that makes me 50 and i still have a hard time with it. i didn't mind turning 30 or 40. i was living in san diego in my 30's and 40's and loved it. i just recently moved back to minnesota to be closer to my family. i miss sunny, warm southern caliornia and i miss being 40! i just can't find anything too great about being 50... uggh?? but i love this blog even tho i don't post much. i get a kick out of what you all get talking about while we wait for a rick sighting. and oh yes, as long as i revealed my age, i might as admit that i'm a democrat - which can make watching fox news annoying at times. but i like the challenge plus it's about time as cnn and msnbc definitely sway to the left, it's good to have a strong conservative view to listen to. and they are fair. enough of that... i forget who likes todd conners [ at 50 my memory started going ? ] but i saw him today and what a cutie and he was dressed casual again, no tie. i miss seeing rick all roughed up... you kow what i mean... and i miss his hat. we have a thunder storm going on here, lot's of lightning. i love a rainy night. that's a song isn't it? =) sorry i don' post to each of you all seperately... for the love of me i don't know how you all remember what you all said to be able to reply like you do. be that as it is, my memory is shot. but i am glad that melissa started this blog and you all can be sooo friendly. let's hope rick doesn't take too long of a vacation this summer.

 Jan- funny you should say that Todd was looking Cloony-ish- when my hubby saw him one time, he said the same thing - that he looks like George Clooney. Does he still have the goatee? Dang, I can't believe I missed that- *slaps self up the side of head*. Good analogy- Walking on Sunshine is *definitely* like "It's a Small World". I think I must look younger too- seems like people's jaws drop when I say I'm 34. You know what's sad, is that for all my planning things out ahead of time, I *still* manage to run behind. Oh well! I've been able to change the outcome of dreams (usually where I've talked my first ex out of shooting me- yeah- I had a lot of nightmares like that after that divorce). My sister used to *LOVE* Huey Lewis- I'd tease her about that & she'd tease me about my favorites. Ah yes- the days where MTV was really good. We got cable in summer 1982 and that was my first taste. It was Rio, Hungry Like the Wolf, Love Plus One, uh.....can't remember. But it was great. LOL- do ya'll remember "The Young Ones"? A friend had "Neil's Heavy Concept Album" on LP.....I got it on CD ;-D LOL (wow, all this 80's stuff is throwing me back....lol)

 Geek Alert-----I never really listened to the radio much until high school, before that it was mom's records...Barry Manilow, The Lettermen, John Denver, etc, so I didn't experience the great 70's music until about the 90's. I completely remember Duran Duran, U2, Nik Kershaw, Pet Shop Boys, etc, but that was my sister's genre. She was into the British Invasion, I liked Huey Lewis and the News mostly, but I never thought George Michael was straight, especially after the yellow gym shorts in "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go". I can still name the 5 original MTV VJ's though.....my fave was Alan Hunter...Sometime I catch an 80's song on the radio and it shoots me back in time to study hall, we were allowed to listen to the radio unless we were in detention. PU-not yet, but had a false alarm. I got a notice in my mailbox that I need to pick up a package at the PO and my heart skipped a beat, then I looked and the sender is BOMC, darn! I thought "I'm getting the skanky hat!" LOL ...I wish... Melissa, have you finished the book yet? My sister got it first so I have to wait until she's done, at least she won't tell me anything about it. I heard a main character got killed off, but my friend's theory is this: The book is called The Order of the Phoenix and the Phoenix always rises from the ashes. So maybe if someone did die in this book, they will be reborn in the next one???...I had another friend (yes, I have more than one...) tell me about her dreams that if she concentrates enough, she can change things in the dream. I have found myself thinking about that while dreaming, but have yet to change the outcome... I am such a polar opposite to a lot of you gals, I don't find cleaning theraputic, and I NEVER plan that far ahead. I jump out of bed and see what I can accomplish in the 15 minutes I have to get to work...I'm never on time, and if I were, they would die of shock. I'm very lucky that my work is totally independent of other people, if I get my stuff done on time, they really don't care about the schedule....We basically set our own hours anyway, the only time they check is if I don't show up at all. My job at the hospital is different though, they depend on me to be there at the scheduled time and the result is I'm never late there. I'm a polar opposite of myself........ Nan-I thought the idea of hanging around the prison was hilarious...I just hope you would have invited me to the Shep Watch....BTW, If you DID happen to end up inside the prison for hanging around outside of it, you could do what you wanted to Shep, and it wouldn't have to be explained.....criminal insanity is a defense, is it not? PS, you're age doesn't really bother me either...:-P People tend to think I'm younger too, but I think it's my behavior.... Nat-I don't hate that song "Walking on Sunshine", but now it's echoing in my head......(thanks for that!)Kinda like "It's a Small World" Todd's looking a little George Cloony-ish, I like the salt & pepper look on guys, it seems to make them more rugged (that's a good thing IMO) Don't you just love crazy dads and their made-up songs???

 Lynne- my favorite was Roger too! Then after he left, it was Simon. Check this out.....I don't know if you've heard- and I don't remember where I heard, but supposedly they're all back together- John, Simon, Roger, Andy & Nick- and working on new stuff. They have an official site with a picture here . You can go to www.duranduran.co.uk and www.duranduran.com to see more stuff too. I got curious one day after I thought I'd heard them getting back together & did a Google search & that's what I found. I've about always been a day late & a dollar short...I got into them about a week after they came to AZ in Feb. 1984. I think I still have my buttons & books in storage somewhere. Just couldn't part with it (hey, I've said before that I'm a packrat!). LOL Don't feel bad- I got a bunch of stuff on CD that I had on vinyl- yeah, don't you hate the "bargain bin" thing?? I remember that INXS video! Was it "The One Thing"? I had a friend that made up a dance for "Pop Muzik"- it was a blast. Whoa- that's a lot for a concert (especially to pass out....)! We were thinking of going to see them- I should check out their latest dates- I'd checked before, but haven't checked for updates for awhile. My dad & stepmom have seen them and the Rolling Stones in Vegas a couple of times. They live in AZ, but Vegas has some good venues so they go up there. I really think I get my music know-how from my dad- he & I've pretty much always known who does what. For all the 80's (& 70's & 90's) fun stuff, I'm a rock n roll girl at heart. My dad went through 2 vinyl LPs of Led Zep's first album- LOL- he wore them out. He now has it on CD. Hmmm....must be where I also feel the need to play music LOUD from.....

 oh, Duran Duran...I went to their concert here St. Patrick's day 1983 !!! It was wonderful. My fav was Roger. I always had a thing for drummers, love their arms. The said part is I have all my favorite 80's that I bought on VINYL. And if I really like them, I'll be honest, I also have them on cd. I hate the fact that some are in "the bargin bin". They treat 80's like "old 50's music". Nat - my dad used to pronouce INXS as "inks". My sister and I had so much fun with him regarding that. Their first video had all the cats on the table while they were eating - like 25 people at the table. My dad always seemed to see that on MTV when we were watching it and comment on how gross that was. Our other favorite was "the knack, my sharona." We would get up and dance this funny dance to the beat. My dad was so funny about that stuff. Even now, at 34, when the song comes on, we still get up and dance our weird dance. The Eagles kicked off their tour here in Richmond. It was one of the best concerts I have ever seen. This woman, about 50 something, drank too much before the concert, she passed out on her husband lap and missed most of it. Our tickets, we were on the floor in front; row N, cost $130. I can't imagine paying that much just to pass out! Stupid. I got my hubby to show me how to do this im thing. I got a chance to "talk" with Jen and Leslie last night. my name is mwcgradll if any of you want to chat. gotta run, have a good night

 Melissa- hope you're feeling better! Did you finish HP yet? :-D

 Sherry- LOL- I know *sob* you'd think I'd recognize his voice by now....I heard the report and was kinda down the hall when I heard him say "Todd Connor" and by the time I got back he was gone- so I heard 'im but didn't see 'im. Better luck next time! LOL- you thought the same thing I did, girl.....I was like, OK, Todd, Greg....where's Rick??? It's funny what I forget....I forgot that Rick Springfield was on GH. I remember him being all the rage when I was in HS (I think? maybe JHS). I think a lot of people thought a lot of those guys were gay- Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, etc. I remember how some seem shocked when Nick Rhodes got married- they were like, "married? to a girl???" LOL Tainted Love- wow- remember the remix of that which added the "Where Did Our Love Go"? Hey, remember that Flock of Seagulls song called "I Ran"? My dad used to parody it by saying "And I raaaan, I ran across the streeeet, I had to go baaaack 'cause I forgot my feeeet"- used to *always* crack me up with that. OK- Poll question- did anyone here like that song "Walking on Sunshine"? If so, don't worry, we won't beat you up over it. ;-) I'm just curious- I've never known anyone who *did* like it..... BTW- I was soooo busy this afternoon at work that I didn't get another chance to check the PO Box.....so I'll give you a PU tomorrow. (I had nada this morning when I went, so they may have not gotten to our box yet.) Whew, it's warm here. It's 85 outside, 80 in and we don't have a cooler or AC (unless you call the fog that, which should be in in 3 days time- rule of thumb). I just hope it cools off by bedtime- it's hard to go to sleep when it's hot. Time to break out the fans. Leslie- Mock-aritas- love it! I'll be right over- but gimme a "Marga-real-arita" too- LOL I think I'd really have to be craving that burger to puree it....LOL Well, unfortunately I ran out of time to go back to the PO, so we'll find out tomorrow. LOL- I'm going to hunt down that Doonesbury comic strip for you- it's a good one. I've heard (and believe) the simultaneous cycle thing too- a few of us that sat close & interracted a lot at work were really close- we used to check in- "did you get yours yet? I forget when mine should be coming" (for those of us-me- who have funky 4-5 week cycles......LOL- I dunno- all of us having PMS at the same time could be scary! ;-D I had too many favorite 80's songs- my 'theme' song was "Wouldn't It Be Good"- Nik Kershaw. My nickname in HS was "Nik"- had it even on my marching band shirt- LOL. I *loved* U2- Bono was really good looking in the mid 80's.....loved that "Sunday Bloody Sunday" video they did at Red Rocks. NO Dan Rather in a Speedo, and CERTAINLY NOT Peter Jennings in a thong- ewwww gross! ;-p Sounds like you succumbed (sp?) to the pool hype with the girls! Either that or the sun went down enough to not burn them more. Nan- Always remember and repeat after me: *age is all in the mind; you're only as old as you think you are*- I'm 27 ;-) (No, not really, but I feel abou that). You have the right idea! :-D - age is all in the heart- it's really about perception I think. The classic rock that you mention tend to really be the good old days for me- there's something warm & fuzzy about the 70's & 70's music for me- I think I was prolly happiest growing up then. I had a lot of good times in the early 80's in HS, but I felt more awkward then and there were more pressures (although not as much as I have now- lol). There's just something about hearing the Eagles & Jackson Browne that really reminds me of home & makes me homesick for those days. 80's music is fun to listen to- usually puts me in a good mood, 70's is wistful but also puts me in a relaxed mood. I go to early 90's alternative when I'm feeling angst and there's also a certain feel of freedom (I guess 'cause I was going through a lot then) with that too. Music is a *HUGE* part of my life.

 Nan - a longer brief note, your attempt at humor was neither feeble nor was it flat. I would have been sitting next to you outside that prison, would have brought a cooler full of drinks and snacks, and we could have gossiped. Hope you didn't take my sarcastic, caustic brand of humor wrong. Sorry. :-)

 Nat - Todd is back. He was on Fox Report. Right after he appeared then Greg appeared. Now we just need Rick and Adam and my night would be complete. LOL

 Hello Everyone!! What a day. I only have 4 days of work left and I can't wait. I came home from work today and mowed the lawn for my hubby. He has been working a ton of overtime so I thougt I would do somthing nice. He will be surprised when he wakes up later. I saw the post about Rick Springfield. I loved him. I watched him when he was on General Hospital. I see him on TV sometimes and he still looks great. I also had myself conviced George Michael wasn't gay back in the 80's. LOL. Leslie - I love that song Tainted Love. That was one of my favorite. Nat - I guess you are still at work since it is 7:00 my time. Has that Pony Express arrived yet with your picture. I hate that Walking on Sunshine song too. Ugh!! Well I gotta go check on my Lasagna. I suddenly think I'm Betty Crocker lately and have been cooking a lot. I'm addicted to The Food Network.

 Leslie - a brief note. I guess my feeble attempt at humor fell flat. Sorry.

 Nan - a brief note. Lounging outside a prison for the criminally insane waiting to "bump" into Shepard Smith is a really good way of getting inside a prison for the criminally insane. And dating Brooke Shields is not a good method of hetero detection. Didn't Michael Jackson have a go with her at one time? All four girls are out in the pool, and I'm going to try to watch Studio B before dinner. We're having steak and chicken fajitas and frozen Mock-aritas. Well, the girls' may be mock, but mine get a little hit of something. Can't wait to see if I make it to the weekend.

 Hi Everyone! Jan - you can relax - you're not the eldest member of this group - I think I probably have that distinction as I graduated in ... gulp '75. Yes, you would have been in about 2nd grade then. For those of you trying to do the math, I am 45. Gosh, that looks really old in print. Anyway, my age doesn't really bother me, as most people are shocked when they find out I have a son who is a senior in college and another son who is a senior in high school. God has blessed me with a slow aging process (must be the bright white skin, LOL) Besides, it's the age of the heart that matters most. Leslie - you're right - Shep was delicious last night. I love it when he gets that twinkle in his eyes and that grin on his face. Can't wait to see his report on The Pulse Thursday night. I remember when he was here in CA about a month ago I think - damn - wish I knew he was in Atascadero - that's only 2 hours from where I live - just think I could of had a chance meeting lounging outside a prison for the criminally insane, LOL. Oh well - I'll just have to survive on my wild imagination instead. Denise - Rick Springfield LOL - I saw him last summer in Las Vegas in the EFX show - he still looks good. He sang - Jesse's Girl - and a few of his other hits. Really took me back in time. The good old days of music for me are Peter Frampton, Eagles, Elton John etc - More 70's than 80's. And yes, Leslie, I too had myself halfway convinced that George Michael wasn't gay, after all he was dating Brooke Shields!!! Melissa - I know what you mean about losing track of time reading - Books have always been my source of escapism. Haven't read any of the HP books nor seen the movies. I lean more toward Tom Clancy and Vince Flynn for fiction. I do read a ton of non-fiction - just finished Bill Bennett's Why We Fight and started Seabiscuit ( a movie is coming out next month and I must read it before then). Nat - hope you get your special delivery today. Back to work for me - check in later

 Wow, so much to say... Read the postings this morning in tears, from laughter, from emotion, Jen you are truly the little sister I always wanted and never got (stupid vasectomy). I can't wait to see your new skinny ass. As for the baby food, been there done that. I broke my jaw in high school and had it wired shut for 8 weeks. Nothing but protein shakes and baby food until one fateful day when a Quarter Pounder with Cheese met a blender on puree. The most disgusting thing you've ever seen, but it smelled and tasted wonderful. ROTFLMAO - "One day you'll even get to eat salad." Where's the T-bone? Nat - I have often considered myself to be a superhero type of person, maybe that's why I gravitate towards that kind of heroine. Love your horoscope! If that picture doesn't come today, I'd hunt down the person responsible for your horoscope and give them a piece of your mind - as long as it fits into your schedule. I used to schedule my days like that PK (pre kids) now everything has to be scheduled almost down to the minute. Not easy for a right-brained free thinker. Zonker Harris and TanMaster Hamilton are some of my favorite comic moments. Actually pale minty green would highlight the green in my eyes and my red hair. Melissa - hope you're feeling better. I know what you're going through. At the risk of getting too personal, have you ever heard the theory that women who live or work together end up with simultaneous cycles? Funny thing, I started this weekend about 5 days early. It will be interesting if we all end up with PMS at the same time. More musical confessions - Anybody else try to convince themselves that George Michael was NOT gay? Loved his music, especially Freedom. Great song, great video. Favorite 80s song - Tainted Love by Soft Cell. "I've got this burning, burning yearning feeling inside me..." Don't they have antibiotics for that now? All during the war I was singing "Rock the Casbah" by The Clash. I really could not name a single singer or group that has released music since 1990. Please do not try to drag me into the musical 21st century. Jan - As long as I don't have to do Mr. Smith's body cavity search, I don't do things like that until at least the third or fourth date. Where was Mr. Hannity yesterday? Ollie sat in for him with Colmes last night. Everybody's bailing on Shep. Don't like Dan Rather in a Speedo? How about Peter Jennings in a thong? Chris Matthews in a G-string? I could go on....I graduated in 85 too. Don't feel all alone in your middle age. I hate that promo pic of Shep. It looks like they took it while he was talking - mid word or something. The girls got too much sun yesterday and are red as beets. Kept them home from school this morning and have already had three fights about going outside to swim. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. Lilo and Stitch is over, so better find something else to take their minds off the pool. Ya'll have a good one.

 Hey- check out a blurb from my horoscope for today: "Regardless of the weather, the day may have special appeal for you, especially this afternoon, when a sense of euphoria lightens your spirit." Hmmm.....could it be a special delivery to my mailbox? LOL! Denise- LOL- I'd forgotten about Rick Springfield! Isn't it funny how all the words come back? It's so funny that we can retain so much trivial stuff like that and yet forget simple stuff like whether the rent was paid, etc. That seems to be the case with me- I'll have a little panic attack until I check the checkbook. Yes- life was definitely simpler. Like my father in law says, life should be lived in reverse- that way you really would know everything you need to know when you're younger. I'm amazed at how much time I prolly wasted- I should have read more when I had the chance! 80's music does bring back that carefree feeling, but I think I sense it more with 70's stuff, 'cause then I really *was* carefree- better times, I guess. Let us know how Pearl Jam was & if Eddie spouted off or not- maybe he got it out of his system before ;-) Jen- I know you won't see this till you're back home, but you bet we're all a pseudo family! :-D You're especially in my thoughts & prayers this morning! (While I was getting ready for work, I thought- it's 5:30 here, and 8:30 there- you're in surgery and I know you're doing great). We'll miss seeing your posts for a few days- take care and post when you can! Melissa- 500 pages into the book?!? Wow- that's impressive- it would have to be a great book for me to read *that* fast! I know what you mean about reading the other books to put it together- I read Anne Rice's "The Witching Hour" and the subsequent books- I had to write down characters in a family tree kind of thing to keep everyone straight. Then I was like, this section relates back to something that happened in the first book, but now I can't remember what happened......I'd like to read all of those again, but they're also huge books. You know, Shep asked at the end of Fox Report yesterday if anybody has read the new HP yet and if it was any good- you can always email him! ;-) LMAO- that passage is *TOTALLY* me! I gotta read that book too- have it, just haven't read it yet....(same story different day for me with regards to books- LOL). Thank God I'm not the *only* one who reasons like this- that means I'm at least half normal-LOL! The theory is that if you write your dreams down regularly you'll be able to retain more of them as time goes on. I've never been consistent, so I don't know- but others have agreed with this. That's the same problem I have too- I can't quite capture what I saw, and it's like the more I try to remember and write it down the more it equally becomes unattainable. Hey- now that you brought it up- a friend of mine told me once that if your rub your inner knees with your thumb (there's a pressure point there) it alleviates cramps. It feels like a really tender spot but it really works. Sherry- you're going to Pearl Jam too- how funny! Well I wish you a good show too w/o political overtones/running of the mouth. There's only one 80's song off the top of my mind that *really* got on my nerves then and still kinda do now- "Walking on Sunshine (gosh, it hurts just to type it- LOL). I think that one somehow finds it's way on a lot of those compilations- LOL! Glad you're finally having decent weather! :-D OK- as always- gotta get to work. More importantly gotta try to get my contacts in again so I don't have my nose 3 inches from the screen- LOL

 Good Morning Ladies!! Wasn't on the computer much last night so there are a lot of post to read. Denise - Oh my, me an you think so much a like. I'm going to see Pearl Jam on July 1st and I was just talking to my friend yesterday about what time we are going ot meet and I said to her that I hope Eddie just sings and doesn't start lecturing us on his political views. I told her I didn't pay $50.00 to hear a political speach but to hear them sing. Did you hear about the first night of their opening concert that he was running his mouth about the war and stuff and people were leaving the show. I had already bought my tickets when I heard about this and I was like I hope every show isn't like this or I just wasted my money. Let me know how it is since you are going before me. Nat - I like all 80's music. I love Duran Duran. My husband orderd this CD collection from Colubmia House that is like a Modern Rock/New Wave collection of 80's songs and it is awesome. I love all kinds of music but now I mainly listen to bands like Staind, Linkin Park, Puddle of Mudd. Melissa - Wow you are getting through that book quick. I still haven't read Books 1-4. I need to borrow them from my brother and read them but I have about 100 other books to read too. Leslie - I have read Bill O'Rielly's first book and have his 2nd one to read but haven't had time. I am getting ready to start Sean Hannity's book now. I'm hoping once I"m not working starting next week I can catch up on all my reading. I also love to read mystery/romance books. Shep was pretty funny last night at the end when he was doing his G Block. He is such a goof sometimes. He is always good for a laugh. Well gotta get to work. Us east coast girls are in for another pretty day. YEAH!!!

 Awww Jen, we'll miss ya! :) I'll be thinking of you first thing in the morning, and I mean FIRST thing! LOL I'll just be waking up at 6:30. (7:30 EST) Well, it's been a boring day for me, just lounging on the couch. I took a nice long nap and read the rest of the evening. I'm almost 500 pages into the book! I want to get to the end so bad, but I don't want it to end at all! I really need to re-read the books so I can put together clues. I had a theory going on about the story, but was proven compltely wrong today in one of the chapters. Not that any of you care about this. Maybe I actually will have to e-mail this all to Rick. LOL! I think the same way you guys do about time and how to prepare in the morning. Nat do you remember that book Milkrun, well it has this passage in it, that completely explains my thinking process when I do things. Here it is: ----------------------- Tomorrow is Saturday, so I can't stay out late tonight. Not too late, anyway. If I have to be at the Tae Kwon Do studio at eleven, then I'll have to leave my house by 10:30, which means I have to get up at ten. Wait--I should probably eat before I go. You're supposed to wait at least an hour after you eat before going simming; it's probably the same for martial arts. Okay, have to be finished eating by 9:45, which means I have to start eating at 9:30, which means I have to get up at 9:15. Maybe 9:25, considering there's no point in showeing if I'm only going to get all gross. ----------------------- When I read that, I was ROFLMAO because that's Exactly my thinking proccess to a T! I tend to have bad dreams when I'm stressed, or if where I'm sleeping is uncomfortable. I used to write my dreams down, but I haven't in quite a while. Maybe I should again, but it's funny because sometimes I'll wake up and remember a dream and then I'll go brush my teeth or go to the bathroom and at that point I've forgotten what my dream was about. :) And a lot of my problem is that I'm so tired that I can't put my dream into words that make any sense when I read it later, or I've lost a lot of the visual images of the dream and now it's just cluttered words on a page. Most men are SUCH babies when they're sick. You should see my brother or my father when they're sick. They're just compltely hepless and whiny as all getout! Well, I'm not tired considering how much I slept today, so I think I'll just go read some more. My tummy still hurts, but I'm pretty sure that's because of cramps (not that you all wanted to know LOL) but I do feel a little better. What am I gonna do when I'm finished with this book by Wensday (maybe tomrrow)? :( I'll have to go buy some more books, and perhaps try to read some of the ones collecting dust on my bookshelf. :) I'm like Nat in that case, I buy more books than I need to, and can't keep up with reading them all. Well I hope you all have a good day tomorrow. I might not be able to post until really late tomorrow night, so have a great day!

 Hey Guys Well last post as a "big girl" :) as Leslie told me "tomorrow er today EST is the first day of your skinny-ass life" I have some deep and meaningful thoughts but since I'm just coming down off my sugar high (My Frienda Amanda, you know here "in the morgue by 9 a.m." took me to IHOP at 10 o'clock for dinner) it'll prolly come out as rambling... -Lynne & Jan I'm so sorry I missed the time to chat but got the messages -- thank you so much for your well wishes tonight! In fact THANK YOU ALL for your well-wishes throughout the day and since I posted about it -- I have to be honest I was a little embarassed or shy about telling you guys but we really are a psuedo family so it's all good - Melissa, my Melissa -- how many nights have we entertained each other through our insomnia patches! With our little logos, our "theories" - "Jen, I'm trying to be serious" I stand by what I said I will never ever be able to pay you back for what you did w/ that e-mail -- but I'll make sure to sit you next to Rick at Greg and I's wedding reception hahaha - Leslie: so many words, so many things to say to my hussy idol but like Melissa your 'hugs' and 'counseling' that you've given me since we got on this blog are the best and I'll depend on you to refresh my memory of those after all the morphine and painkillers OR if Greg calls - Natalie: I always think backwards take oh I dunno Greg...well got the oatmeal today for the baby, got the baby food over the past two weeks, had the shotgun wedding two weeks ago, meet him on the subway in MARTA - The funniest thing my surgeon has ever said to me: "Eventually you'll be able to eat salad" - The more I think about the baby food I'll have to buy maybe I will pull the ol' wool over some of the people's eyes "Stupid Fox network knew I was expecting and off to Gaza they sent him.." no no no I won't -- I couldn't do it w/o laughing - Thank you guys again for all your wishes and prayers and they all mean so much to me for you guys to think so much of me! I'll try to post a little on Friday when I get home inbetween vitamins, protein shakes, food and that lovely crushed brand of percocet... P-E-A-C-E

 hey ladies! It has been a really long day, but at least Mad Monday is almost over! No firemen today, it is a shame since it was really hot here and they could have gotten the hoses out and.....I'd better stop there. Melissa I could use your photography skills to maybe make a calender hmmm Nat Don't feel embarrassed, I actually named my childhood dog after one of the members of Duran Duran! (that seems to be theme with me) There is an 80's station here that I listen to all the time, sometimes I get embarrassed if the windows are down in the car and I'm bopping to Rick Springfield, because of course I seem to remember all the words to all those songs from the 80's LOL! I think I like it so much because life was so much simpler, I didn't have to worry about paying bills, or going to work everyday, my biggest concern was whether my parents would let me stay out late that night. or if that cute boy would call. The music just evokes that feeling of being carefree. Melissa I hope you're feeling better, at least it is a rainy day there, not much to do but read. I can totally relate to time flying while reading, I've actually stayed up all night because I couln't put a book down. Sometimes I have no patience and I sneak a peek at a few lines of the last page! Leslie wow, great gift, I know it won't take the place of your hubby, but it was certainly a nice gesture. If you get lonely, you always have us! Well I must go I am trying to find an outfit for tomm, I am going to see Pearl Jam, my seats are in the first few rows! I really hope Eddie Vedder doesn't decide to start spouting off about politics, I'm not in the mood...I'm there for the music. Sorry, had to get that off my chestl Jen Best wishes tomm, I know everything will be fine! Catch you all later!

 Jen- I have to laugh at the way you look at time, 'cause I think the same way- I think backwards to make sure I have enough time for everything I need to do in the AM- and I'm even worse when it's before something out of my regular routine. You know, something just occurred to me- would it possibly work to write the bad dreams out of your head? In other words, use them as fodder for writing. I don't know if you write in journals or have tried short stories, but maybe there's something you need to get *out*- you know what I mean? I've tried that before and it seemed to work somewhat. Wow, I couldn't imagine eating a lot of baby food. (It makes me think of the Toro Lawnmower commercial where the dad is trying to feed the kid & he's trying to convince the kid that it's really *good*- LOL) I'm sure you'll do *great* tomorrow. You're a very strong girl- I really think you will always do great at what you set your mind to. Keep focused on the end result, and know we're all thinking of you! Sherry- LOL- I think *most* guys are babies when they're sick- what would they do without us ladies?? ;-) What kind of 80's music do you like? I had that need some years ago to get some stuff on CD that I used to have on vinyl & tape; every now & then I pull them out and listen to them- they're really good at work. *Please don't laugh at me everyone-lol* but I have Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, Howard Jones, Nik Kershaw, U2 etc. I was more into the um...I can't remember now what we used to call it- modern rock I guess? Or maybe new wave? LOL- that sounds so funny to me now! I morphed a lot in the 80's I think, but have kinda returned to my roots of classic rock (I had 'hip' parents-lol). Here's a thought/suggestion: maybe Melissa will be able to have it so we can be able to set up photo albums (like MSN Groups have the ability to) and we could put some "then & now" shots in there. I look back and laugh sometimes, but I wouldn't have had it any other way- there were some good times in those days. Ah....innocence! Leslie- About the books you've been reading & your mindset- maybe that means you're a conservative ready to hunt and strike down the evildoing bloodsuckers of this planet (and I don't mean vampires....although that *would* make things very interesting.....). LMAO- when you mentioned the frisking of Shep, the first thought I had was "oooh Leslie would *love* that!" and then I saw your next sentence- well it was funny when I first saw it. Sure, you can join the pale minty green club! (I have an old Doonsbury cartoon- I'm going to have to find it & scan it along with the pic *when* I receive it and email it to ya'll. It was something about tanning lotion for all skin types- pale minty green was the palest. I do the same as you- burn, blister, peel, and freckle. LOL- yeah, I have my tendencies every once in awhile to put on the disco station on the Launch.com site when I'm at work. I think my favorite is "I Will Survive" - there's just something really empowering about that song. Bee Gees Greatest was a great LP. OK- this is prolly the time to confess what I was also listening to (in addition to the classic rock) before "the mod 80's" came around & I jumped onto that bandwagon (so to speak). Er.......Abba & Olivia Newton-John- LOL. They were my absolute favorites when I was in Jr. High (this would've been around 1980. Scary, huh? Alright, all- time to 'fess up to what ya'll listened to that you normally wouldn't say! Jan- LOL- I hate to see what his desk is like. I was thinking about it today- I sent that 2nd email Weds., so *if* he mailed them Thurs. (which I hope he did- we know he was busy on Friday), then we really should have them by, well, tomorrow at the latest. Hmm. Well, maybe he sent them today, since he wasn't on? Dan Rather-not - LMAO! I like that 'nickname' (for lack of a better word at the moment). ROTFLMAO about the soap!

 lala hey guys -- just got done w/ my near nightly "therapy" session w/ Leslie lol -- Dr. Leslie was brilliant as always :) I just got my first 'batch' of vitamins for LIFE today -- the salesclerk was like "would you like to join our member club and become a prefered customer?" I was like *snatch* check this out: DAILY: 2 multivitmans - 4 calicum tablets - 2 Iron tablets - 1 B-12 vitamin - 2 protein shakes and since this surgery comes with the risk of my hair falling out a special lil' pill to help "stunt - not completely stop" hair loss .. I get to enjoy a yummy 3-4 teaspons of mushed/puree food 3 times a day -- I get to eat those 3-4 teaspoons with a baby spoon and drink my 8 - 8oz of liquids for the first 8 weeks out of a sipee cup -- to avoid "dumping"

 So, Mr. Smith Goes to Prison....wasn't that a movie or something??? Wouldn't it be nice to be the one to do the frisking...'Up against the wall and spread 'em', I like the sound of that...then you'd get the cuffs out....Only thing better would be if he went on the 'buddy' system with Rick...:-) No Hannity or Skinnerville today...I missed those, I like when Shep interacts with those two... Our summer went from nice to naughty overnight, yesterday was sunny and warm, perfect for sitting out and reading, but today the humidity started kicking in and will probably be with us forever now..."It's not so much the heat...." Thank God for central air! A no Rick day goes a long way in making the humidity worse...PU-No pic today Nat, I sure hope they were sent this time, but I will suck it up and email him if when and if it becomes necessary..."Dear Rick, have you cleaned your desk yet?" Leslie-I hope the weather has calmed down for you, I hate lightening....to this day it freaks me out. It's nice your neighbors were wanting to check on Mrs. Blake, I'm not sure that would happen around here...Thanks for the Dan Rather-not mental image....when I wake screaming, I'm gonna call you....:-O Two of MY last books were O'Reilly's also, but I'm now reading one on an Italians perspective on living in the US, it's pretty funny. I caught that pre-taped story of Rick's last night too, it must have been a cosmic thing...I never watch Fox that late on the weekends... Since we're 'fessing up, I graduated in 85, so it seems I may be the elder member, but I may also be the closest in age to the guys....Although I think maybe Teri is a bit older than me.... Has anybody ever noticed the promo pic of Shep for Fox Report makes him look like Liberace??? Look at it next time, during Studio B is when I see it the most. That's not my favorite, I like the promo for The Pulse much better.... BTW I sure hope Sheppo doesn't 'mishandle' the soap...........

 All this talk about books got me thinking, out of the last 5 books I've read, two were Bill O'Reilly's and the other three had heroines with interesting occupations: New York homicide detective, bounty hunter and vampire executioner. What does that say about me and my mindset? Shep was, well, delicious tonight. Very playful and just Shep. Do any of you watch The Pulse on Thursdays? Mr. Smith is not only hosting, but will also have a piece of reporting on the show this Thursday. Looking into a prison for the criminally insane. Don't know if he's looking to relocate, or if this is for me after I'm convicted of stalking. The preview last week showed Shep going through a frisking before entering the prison. What I wouldn't give.... Got the girls out of the pool long enough to choke down some dinner. They're back out there. No need to check for tan lines, there aren't any. Nat, Nan - can I join the Glow-in-the-dark Club? My hubby always said he could find me in total darkness as long as I was naked. I burn, blister, peel, and freckle. And forget about the freckles all growing together for a tan look, they're not all the same shade. I graduated '85, and love 80s music. But now I've gotten into 70s music, I'm a closet disco queen and not too ashamed to admit it. Queen, the Eagles, Elton John, some great music came out of that decade not related to the Bee Gees or John Travolta. Well, got a couple of IMs going and can't concentrate on more than two things at once. Ya'll have a good night.

 Jen- Good luck on your surgery. You will be in my prayers. At least you got to see Greg one last time. Nat - Thank god he doesn't have mold allergies It is bad enough with the ones that he does have. When hubby is miserable then he is a big baby and grumpy so it has been a good spring in that sense. Leslie - Glad to see you back. I'm sorry Roy is going away or 2 months. Wow that must be hard, but it sounds like you got a nice gift. Lynne - I love 80's music. I just ordered a cd that is an 80's collectin. I'm excited about the clear skies but I wish it would rain during the week and then be nice. We are going camping Friday - Sunda and I really don't want to go if it is raining. Well going to go watch the rest of Fox News Live that I taped today. I saw Greg on but I guess there was no Rick today. I think Adam might be on vacation too since I haven't seen him in awhile.

 Hey guys...had my LAST doctors apt. this afternoon -- soo ooo ansy -- now watchin' Melrose Place -- had to take my mom to the metro at 5:30 a.m. so got home and caught about 40 minutes of Fox and Friends First then passed out but taped Fox & Friends and since I hear Greg was on w/ a smile I can catch hiim before I go into surgery tomorrow though since the surgery is at 7:30 a.m. which means I have to be there at 6 a.m. so leave the house at 5:15 a.m so be up at 4:20 a.m. I might not need that much anastesia (SP) but plenty of morphine afterwards ... had a nice vingette last night then had a not so nice dream -- I was being sniped at in a building and then was going head to head w/ someone I was competitive with more about this stuff later Hey Leslie!!! I'm so glad you're back -- TONS to talk about though since I do have to get up so early won't be on too late tonight on AIM -- maybe until 12:30 a.m. EST or so Melissa: I def. will give you call Wed. night!!!!

 Melissa- I broke down & bought the new HP book- earlier than I thought I would! In the end I got it for 50% off since I have one of those B&N discount cards. I've seen the first movie but not the second. I'm going to put those DVDs on my Amazon wish list (if I haven't already) so my family can see that I want them. I hope you feel better soon! Maybe it's just the weather. Nan- ah, so you have Clorox legs too, huh? Welcome to the club! I gave up on tanning during HS when I realized that it just wasn't going to happen for me. LOL about the sunglasses- yeah, I think I've heard that one before too..... We've been docked at the same place for the last 4 years- the only moving we've done is from F dock to J dock- LOL. It was docked in San Diego when we bought it and then my hubby, his son, & a hired hand brought it up but ran into trouble (long story, but suffice it to say that a mechanic working on it before they brought it up *really* messed it up- we filed a claim and were awarded & everything) just outside the Channel Islands, so they brought it into Santa Barbara for about 6 months where it was fixed. We hired someone else to bring it up from there to San Rafael where we currently are. We thought about moving to San Francisco, but Pier 39 can be obnoxious tourist-wise & sealion-wise. We really like where we are- it's quiet and pretty much no problems with parking our cars. Sherry- Glad you're getting a sunny day for a change! It's about time, huh? Yeah, the rain tends to keep allergies down (unless of course you're allergic to mold, then you may have problems still....) It's been sunny here as many days as you've had rain, and lately the wind's been blowing so I'm sure that doesn't help for me. All in all though, we've had decent weather compared to those who are going through days & days of rain, tornadoes and such. Leslie! Yay- you're back! Oh no- he's going to Puerto Rico for TWO MONTHS?? You poor gal! I wish you luck with flying with the girls. My first time flying I think I grabbed my dad's wrist the whole time- I believe he had nail imprints when we landed. My sister just kept looking back at me from her seat and laughed at me. Hopefully they'll think it's the best thing since the trampoline! Sounds like a very nice pearl necklace! You go, girl! That's some heinous thunderstorm! I'm glad your neighbor is good. You just *had* to mention Krispy Kremes! LOL- that's ok though, thinking about them won't put on the pounds :-D Wow- impressive sports history! I assume you're watching Wimbledon then? Kevin's mom watches that every year (and all the other tournaments in between) and commented to us yesterday that she was getting up early to watch it today. Lynne- Yep- Old is jsut a state of mind....my joke is that I feel like I'm around 27....have been for some time now- LOL! I'm going to ask about the Zyrtec- that's the one that advertises that it works for indoor & outdoor allergies. Poor Nicholas! I have a friend who had to get tubes in her ears when she was really young- I haven't known anyone else getting those, but apparently they still do it. I agree- there's got to be other things to try first. Has anyone seen Rick today? I set the VCR for 6-10 AM & then for 11-1 (to cover the 2nd Fox News Live & then Studio B). I'm prolly a day late & a dollar short- LOL! PU- nada so far. Jan? I have one more trip today. I'm thinking this week, but prolly midweek. Anyone want to place any bets? Just kidding! Jan- it will be your turn to remind him next LOL!

 Sherry and Nat , I grad '87 too. I can't stand people calling 80's music "old". Old is just a state of mind. I know I keep saying I am going to meet you guys on IM, but every night lately, I have been too tired to try and sign on. As Nat knows, I am a 49ners fan. Oh BTW, Singulair is working great for Megan. Maybe you might want to try it. Not exactly sure what all your allergy symptoms are, just a thought. Zyrtec is working for Nicholas so far. Poor thing, took him to the ENT this morning, fluid is still in his ears but the dr said there are things to try before tubes. Good thing, I think dr put tubes in because it is the thing to do. On the subject of cats, I have 2. Meow-Meow and Tori. They are both so precious. I was born into a cat family so it is hard to imagine life without cats. Sherry, we are supposed to have clear skies here until Thursday. I can't believe I have seen the sun for 3 days now! Jen, you are in my prayers for the sx. Hang in there. We will be waiting to hear from Melissa how you are doing.

 Hello, ladies, I'm baa-ack! So much has happened, where to begin? Roy snuck in Thursday night with a bottle of award-winning Texas Merlot and a baroque pearl choker. Hey, if it's not baroque, don't fix it. Sorry, I could have said something about "pearls before (s)wine", but I thought I'd ease you back into my twisted little world. With the tokens of peace came the news that Roy's company got an $18.6Mn contract in Puerto Rico, and Roy's presence is required. For two months. Alone. Did I mention the pearls had a beautiful gold lobster-claw clasp? Anyway the job starts after hurricane season in late Sept. or Oct. We could have gone, but I can't take the girls out of school for that long. The bosses are sending us over for a week during Thanksgiving. This is the first time the girls will travel by air. It could get ugly. Melissa - "catching up" is much better than "making up" because you don't have to deal with the negative feelings. Every weekend's a honeymoon. Friday we had the Thunderstorm from Hell. 150 cloud-to-ground lightening strikes PER MINUTE in a 3-county area. Mrs. Blake, this adorable little old widow across the street, received a direct hit to her shed. It was so weird, we were sitting in the living room and this brilliant blue-white light just filled the house and a simultaneous "explosion" shook the foundation. Neighbors from three blocks away were running to check on her, the ambulance was called because she's got a weak heart, she spent the weekend in Amarillo with her daughter, but all is well. The shed is a total loss, and I don't think her chickens will recover, but she's good. Saturday, Roy told me to never hire someone to do the lawn because that was his favorite chore. He and Sarah spent the morning together mowing, weed whacking, etc. She was not going to let him out of her sight for a minute. Jay spent Friday ignoring him for punishment, but was all over it by Saturday's trip to Krispy Kreme. Re: Sports. I am a huge football fan, basketball, baseball, hockey, tennis, come in close. I would rather watch Dan Rather, clad only in a Speedo, participate in a rousing game of curling than watch golf. Love the Houston Texans, Roy did the FieldTurf in their practice stadium, and the Cajun in me won't let me give up on the Saints. I was a trainer for football and basketball during undergrad, and assistant Sports Information Director during grad school. Our Dressed to Kill campaign for the National Champion Women's Div II volleyball team won national honors. That was the greatest college job ever. Well, Shep's on so I'm off. Check in later.

 Good Afternoon Ladies!! Well a miracle has happened and it is sunny and 91 degress in Maryland. How about that?? We have had rain like 38 of the last 40 days I think I heard on the news. Of course as soon as we go back to work the sun comes out. I'm sure by Friday the rain will return but I hope not since we are going camping this weekend. Nat - Hope your sinuses are better. My hubby has awful allergies but since it has rained so much here this year he had an easy time of it. We are about the same age too. I graduated in 87. Melissa - Sorry your home sick, hope you feel better soon. Maybe Rick will be on today and cheer you up. A.H. - Thanks for sharing about Greg, of course I didn't tape this morning since he was on at like 7:00 last night (2:30 am Gaza time) I didn't think he would be on this morning. I thought maybe this afternoon. I guess he went and took a cat nap and got right back to work. Well I gotta get back to work, I'll talk to everyone later. Bye!!

 Good morning everyone! Hope everyone is having a good Monday. As if that's possible LOL. My home computer crashed yesterday but fortunately, my oldest son (who just happens to be a senior in college and a computer science major) came home for the evening and took it back with him to fix it. He said something about installing a new operating system (non-Windows based). It's all greek to me - told him to just FIX IT!!!! Didn't see much of TV yesterday, too nice of a day. Spent time outside by the pool trying to get a little color on these Clorox white legs of mine. My guys tell me they need to wear sunglasses around me when I have on shorts. I did see the replay of Rick's story on Walter Duranty on Fox News Magazine last night. Heard his voice mostly as he wasn't on camera much. Did like the suit with the blue tie though. Melissa - sorry you're not feeling well today - you need to come out to California and enjoy the beautiful sunshine. You couldn't help but feel better. a h - ahhh no not the Chiefs, the dreaded rivals of my beloved Broncos (just kidding). We are all Houston fans at our house because of David Carr. Watched him play in college as we have season tickets to Fresno State. It nice to see a "nice guy" succeed. I too saw Tony Snow dancing around yesterday, that was hilarious. Denise - My husband was a fire fighter when I married him - there is definitely something about a man in uniform, especially someone willing to risk life and limb for the sake of others. I think that's why the events of September 11th affected me so deeply, I could visualize my husband running into the Towers thinking only of saving lives and no thought of his own self-preservation. Nat - hope your sinuses are better today. It must be an adventure living on a sailboat. Do you just stay in one port or do you travel from port to port? Can't wait until lunch - Studio B will be on and I can get my Shep fix for the afternoon. It's been a long weekend without him. Hope the other Shep fans on this board don't mind sharing. I better get some work done, so talk with you later!!!

 Morning Ladies! I'm home today, and I feel like crap. ick! It's storming pretty bad again today, but no torado warnings, so I'm cool. :) One of my dogs is terrified of the thunder, she's attached like glue to my leg. I was supposed to go to a "save the buzz" rally this morning for our local radio station (96.5 the buzz) but with it storming so bad and me feeling like crap I didn't go. I guess it's fine and the station isn't getting canned after all. That reminds me I'm gonna go check dc101.com to see if they have the interviews up real quick. -- Ok, they must be re-vamping the site or something, because I'm having problems accessing certain pages. Oh well, that hopefully means the interviews will be up soon. :) Natalie, if you've seen the first two HP movies, you could probably get away with starting with book 3, though in the book there's some extra characters, but I wouldn't take you too long to get used to them. J.K. Rowling keeps saying book 2 is much more significant that we all know, so I think I'm going to re-read that so I can try to pick up on some clues, but I think I may have a small idea what's going on. I really like the books just because she writes with simplicity, obviously because the book is for kids. It's not like trying to read Lord of the Rings, where everything is much more detailed, down the the last speck on a leaf LOL. I hope everyone is having a good morning and I'll talk to y'all later. :)

 Jan- I think we're prolly in the same age group- I graduated in 86. Sheesh that seems like a long time ago, but subscribe to your thought- "I may bet old, but I'll never grow up". Every once in awhile I'll pull out some of that "old" stuff and & listen to it- LOL. Usually doesn't last long though- I also like classic rock & some current stuff- depends. I guess I go through phases, but I also have a wide range of likes when it comes to music too. LOL- my mom used to be an avid Cubs fan- she really liked the pitcher (Eckersley I think??) Yes- definitely good luck to us today!! I'm heading over there (to the PO) around 10:00 and again around 2:30. X X (fingers crossed). Sorry your sinuses are bothering you too! : ( I hope you're better too! It's the dang wind that's been around here for the last couple of weeks that's doing it for me. Sneaky Pete- I love that name! :D Cats sometimes have a way of turning non-cat people into cat people. a h- I saw the Tony Snow thing- that was great, huh! I think Tony or someone said before that he (Tony) plays flute. LOL- the image that came to mind was Tony being like the guy (the name escapes me at the moment) from Jethro Tull who plays the flute. Denise- We saw the same thing I think- which was really funny. When the war started, I began to set the timer on the TV so I could fall asleep while watching Fox. Well, old habits die hard for me so I still set it, and had just set it and turned over to go to sleep when I heard John Gibson say the "Here's Rick Leventhal...." So, here I am, back to the TV facing my hubby in bed, eyes closed, trying to not react to hearing that & his voice. While he's in the middle of the report I casually turn over and open one eye to watch the rest- LOL I'd seen this report before- I think it was on last week.....but I don't remember when or at what time. Melissa- I'm anxious now to get the book (and I haven't even read the first four....lol)! I do know what you mean about relating to a book- it just makes it more personal in a way- it's like you match mentally/emotionally with the character and know where they're coming from- kinda wistful in a way, I guess. LOL- no offense taken about the Raiders- I only root for them when all my other teams are exhausted from the playoffs-lol! I can't *stand* that Romanowski guy- I didn't like him when he was with the Broncos & he spit at one of the 49rs (I think it was a 49-er anyway)- this was back in 97 or 98 I think- I just remember that he seemed like a real creep. Leslie- Hope you come back today! I know you had to catch up with the hubby & stuff- but we miss your wicked wit here! :D Really though, I hope you got to spend some quality family time while he was back. OK- gotta dig in to a great heap of.......WORK! LOL I wish it was something better.......

 Greg was on Fox&Friends this morning, still in the Gaza. He even smiled at the end of his report today.

 damn damn damn! I come here to post and catch up, and what happens?? I MISS Rick's report!!! Well, I'm back everyone. (incase you haven't already noticed) LOL! Well, actually I souldn't be man 'cause I haven't watched FOX at all today *gasps*! Oh goodness, where to start? Yesterday we had a birtday party for my brother and my grandma, and celebrated fathers day with the family. (We do this every year.) Anyway it was pretty fun. I got browines, and chocolate cake, and ice cream, and lots more *bad* stuff, but it's ok 'cause it was my cheat day. :) My great grandma had TWO bottles of Shmirnoff (sp?) and she was being a chatty cat yesterday. I mean this is a woman who's over 80, and probably weighs no more than 80 pounds! Denise - Oh wow, I'm sure the view was lovely this afternoon, firefighters are a sight to behold! I *should* e-mail Rick about the Harry Potter book, but since he seemed to thoroughly NOT enjoy his story last week, I think I'll keep it to myself. LOL! Speaking of the book...........I'M ADDICTED! I'm like 200 pages into it already! (and OMG it's a friggin 800+ page book!) Ugh! It's sad, I'm a 20 year old woman addicted to a children's book. But it's even more sad because I realate so much to how J.K. writes Harry. I mean, I was *SO MUCH* like him (feelings/emotions wise) when I was 13/14/15. I hate it (but yet love it) when I can relate to a book so much. I mean there are times I'm reading the book and just KNOWING how she's gonna make the character respond, it's really eerie sometimes. I get that way with books. I know I call a lot of my reading *guilty pleasure* reading, but I'll only stick with a book if I can truly relate to it. And I hate days like today where I'll be reading all day, and time will cease to exist, and it's all cloudy out and my real emotions start being affected by a book. It's so silly. But I'll have to put a book down and just remind myself that it's just a story (yes even with *extreme* stories like Harry Potter.) UGH! ok sorry, I've been rambling too long, on to new topics. I LOVE football too! My parents have season ticket to the Chiefs. They are my favorite team and when I get to go to a game (usally once or twice a season) I have such a BLAST! I love my Royals, and am VERY proud of them this year, they're doing pretty good this year. We live like 10 minutes away from the stadiums, so when fireworks go off we can hear them. My hometown teams are so fun, and the only team I DESPISE is the Raiders (sorry to any fans here, but ugh!) I have a cat, and she only makes that awful noise if she sees another cat outside, or accidently gets caught in the rain, or is really hungry. She quit sleeping on my bed 'cause I get pissed and kick her off, she only slept by my head once, and I don't think she liked the reaction and never did it again. LOL I just shut my bedroom door now, so she sleeps on the couch or in her kitty bed in the basement. I instructed Jen to call me Wensday if she's up to it. I'll prolly be at the Warped Tour concert Tuesday, besides she'll probably need her rest. Leslie, I hope you're having a GREAT weekend "catching up" with your hubby :P *wondering if it's as much fun as "making up" is?* LOL that's probably none of my business! Natalie - sorry to hear about your sinuses, my dad has been feeling really crappy from all his allergies lately. I *hear* ya about the good food week, I have to give myeslf the pep talk tomorrow since I spluged so bad this weekend. Well, I'm off to emearse myself into my book again, I prolly won't get any decent sleep tonight, either that or I'll wake up with a puddle of drool on one of the pages. LOL

 My vibes must have worked! Just as I was about to flip the channel, I heard John Gibson say "Here's Rick Leventhal with the story" It was obviously taped earlier, but it was about the guy who was losing his pulitzer (sp?) from the NY Times. I wasn't really paying attention to the story only Rick's voice and he was wearing white shirt/blue tie.

 Leslie - Disney movies on NyQuil??LOL Like the Adamaniacs name, but I think he deserves something little more revered than a cup for his "family jewels". I think a chalice might be more fitting. Jan can customize it with precious stones befitting his status as a Fox Hottie and maybe future Governor of CA. I can't remember the name of the "pill", but I think I still have that episode on tape, so I'll check this weekend for more information. It was probably Jayel's Baghdad spies (they have now relocated to Tikrit) that slipped Greg P the valium. It was to slow his reflexes so that Greg Kelly gets to the Saddam story first. Hope you survived the picnic because I need you to unholster your "stun gun" and use it to "convince" the CA Democrats to join their comrades from Texas in New Mexico. We're desperate, the Terminator has refused to incinerate them so, "Princess Leslie, you're our only hope". Jayel - Here, here to your most dreaded words. I'm so looking forward to tomorrow, but Shep's probably taking tomorrow off. And where has Jane been lately anyway. Can't remember if she was on even once this week. I really like the banter between her and Shep. Nat - My "stress episode" was only momentary. The CPA I contract with is usually pretty good about not putting too much pressure on me. We've worked together for almost 16 years and he treats me well. It's just I have an overdeveloped sense of responsibilty, add in being a perfectionist, and you have a combustible cocktail. One of the reason this blog is such a blessing. A place to rant, share and most important, laugh. New small rant, hubby's monthly base salary has now been reduced by $200. A "raise" he got a few years ago that the state was to pay more of his retirement contribution was rescinded and now he has to make the "contribution". We are now seriously discussing him retiring in 2006 and leaving CA. He favoring NV, but I'm not sure I want to live where it's THAT hot. Melissa - Sometimes Hannity can be a real chauvinist. Living in a house with all males (even the dog) I'm used to them and can spot their kind in an instant. Can't let 'em get to you, they know not what they say. LOL. They're just sensitivity challenged. Jen - Joining your happy dance here!!! 18 days and counting!!! Yea! Greg's haircut looks good, he looks very "marine-ish". In other words, he's a manly man. debe debe that's all folks. btw - I download AIM, screen name: nanrapp

 LOL Jan I was thinking the SAME thing about Shep....man he told us his time and route to work....it'd be so easy just to *bump* into him if I visited NYC again. Maybe Rick meets up with him sometimes. heh heh, I'd die if he did! Oh and how dreadful to get up for work at NINE -- lol that man has got it MADE! Yes NC is where I'd like to live one day....well maybe...I haven't even visited it yet, but it sounds amazing anyways. Send the cutie my way LOL. I think it'd be really neat to live in NYC, but it just seems WAY too expensive. I mean they were just saying on Cavuto's show the other day if you want the equivilent to a 3 bedroom home in NYC that it'd cost about TWO MILLION DOLLARS! Thanks but no thanks. :) Besides while I love visiting NYC, I think I'd really really miss the fresh air, stars, birds chirping, and all else that a big city lack. Have fun in your cabin by the river Jan!! Well I swear this is my last post tonight. Maybe I'll take Leslie's advice and watch a disney movie on Nyquil lol, and the weirdest one of all too....you know....Alice In Wonderland! :) Nighty night all. *grrrr* now blogger isn't even wanting to post!! I swear I must be jinxed tonight.

 I just read that article on Shep, thanks for the link Nan, and thank your son for helping you. He sure doesn't make it too hard to stalk him...I'll save him a seat on the "F" train, and one of you other Gals can hold the door to the studios open for him.....that's too easy, I like a challenge..... I nominate Sherry to ask Adam what size he wears since she has been the first to break the ice with him, so he doesn't break something else.... Melissa, the new JM is a real cutie...I'm thinking he said something about a girlfriend, but she wants to live in Colorado, and he wants to live out east, didn't you want to move to NC??? Denise, I hope you are feeling better.....or at least got some good drugs out of this.... I regret to inform you that I will be absent from class until Sunday evening, it seems there is a real life out there somewhere, and I am gonna try to find it.....I'm thinking it's in a cabin BY THE RIVER.......Now behave yourselves until I get back....or not....

 Jan - "look something shiny!" LMAO! You know that'd probably work on me....so sad, I know. LOL. I'm trying to figure out what is wrong with blogger now. Sherry - I must know what you laced those tapes with LOL I should get me some of that. heh heh! Jen - sorry about all the AIM problems! *bangs head on the wall* I just read a quote today that completely describes how I feel at the moment. " If you can't beat your computer at chess, try kickboxing. " *kickboxes the computer* Yes gotta love the nice delayed coversation that consists of "is this working, I don't think this is working, maybe it's delayed, are you there, or oh wow I actually got a post!" heh heh. Good times as usual though. Well I should try to get another night of descent sleep, though I really feel like I've had enough sleep to last me a month. Night night gals....let's hope for a Rick day tomorrow. I'm setting my VCR.

 Hey guys back for one more time.. Jan: Got your e-mail *relief* thanks for the 'no worries' it reminded me of Outback Steakhouse (soon I'll be there...) Melissa: WTF is up with AIM?!?!?! *frustration* for what the time we did get to talk it was really fun (really delayed lol) but fun ... I'll go light a candle of AIM tomorrow morning .... Anyone ever seen OZ on HBO? Pretty violent, a lot of nude prison men at times but one of the best shows I've ever seen (nude prison men aside) ... okay gotta go to beddy now - until tomorrow some time

 Hi Gals---I'm really NOT liking this non-split-screen thingy, I just read the posts, and laughed through most of them, but for the life of me I can't remember a word I just read, except, ironically enough ADD. Does that mean anything??? I think my sister has that, and it's not all bad, if she starts ranting about work or anything that I'm not wanting to listen to, I just point and say "Look, something shiny!" and that pretty much kills the rant. (Just a sarcastic joke, I'm not making fun of people with ADD) Leslie, Adamaniacs is hilarious! Pure genius my friend. Even though 'technologically challenged' does sound better, it's takes so much longer to type than 'idiot'..... ....speaking of...I am one Natalie. I have that aol address, but I don't have unlimited time there so I just use my sister's MSN access. I'll sign on one day and re-read your email....I emailed you back, I hope it went through. Jen I emailed you too. I always liked the phrase 'No Worries' because I've heard Aussies use that, but now that Rick said it to Natalie, it's even cooler.....so Jen, no worries.... Sherry, I emailed you too, I got the package, thanks so much, I'm a little punch-drunk tonight.....but I've had a good evening. Honestly, no alcohol was consumed by me, it's just a Fox induced high...definately NOT Shep-Lite.... I don't remember who posted it, but I remember only about two things from biology and one of them was that baldness is related to your mother's male relatives, I think the other thing had to do with blood type.... I gather from the lack of postings that Rick was absent...I wonder if tomorrow is Shep-Lite again, I like Rick F okay, but his voice just doesn't do it for me. Ok, I'm gonna post this and re-read, I may be back.....

 All my LevenGals are MIA tonight....and no one is on AIM either. :( Leslie - sorry about all the blog probs heh heh. Hope you had a great time wih the kids! Oh goodness, Adamaniacs!! Too funny! And ROFLMAO *can't breathe* "Will someone please tell me who gave Greg Palkott the valium?" Oh god that was HILARIOUS! Jen - my mom didn't get me tea, but she told me where to find it. My throat is feeling a little better already. Nan - What a great articel on Shep!!! I swear I grow to respect him more and more each day. He truly is an honerable man, and so down to earth. YAY! Jen just got on AIM Well nothin' else is new. I caught about 5 seconds of Hannity and Colmes (even with Shep's plead for us to watch) and I have to grrrrr @ Hannity for once. When he was talking about if you consent to having sex and then decide no while having sex that you should stop right then, only he made it sound like it was silly that the girl should say stop after she decided to consent. Maybe I just read him wrong, but I dunno it was a little annoying. Granted the girl shouldn't have put herself in that situation to begin with, but if she said stop then Kobe should have stopped. I dunno like I said I only caught 5 seconds of it, so maybe I was mis-reading him. Well I'm gona talk to Jen now. Ta ta!

 Evening guys Had my last group nutritional class ... found out that I lost the most weight of people in my class *happy dance* There were long posts while I was gone - trying to respond Melissa: I hope your mom got your tea :) I'm about to have some soon (I just got back from dinner - meatballs w/ speghetti sauce) Nan: I woke up today thinking it was Friday - I was disapointed when I found out it was Thursday so I'm going to be happy for Friday for the both of us ... Great article by the way Sherry: I too like Greg's hair when he gets it cut - Leslie and I figured out that's where he was all day yesterday Leslie: I hope Wonderland Park was/is fun. Prolly will miss you on AIM tonight you'll prolly sleep sound enough for the both of us after today Nat: Ah I'm sorry to hear about your sinuses today Nat :( I've still got my headahce from a few days ago and the evil nutritionist confirmed I can never take Aleeve ever again :( *dying for Aleeve* but I'm pretty sure this headache is a stress/tension headache since I've got stress bumps over my forehead and cheeks :( Can't remember if I ever mused to you guys on here about my need for Steak Soft Tacos well I had been *craving* them for about a week and I *finally* was able to get them today! So good, sooo ooo spicy... I even got to nibble on the tortilla I think I might have to go back there tomorrow but I can only eat something two days in a row before getting sick of it :( Just 18 more days until puree menu is ova! Now time for some hot, hot tea and then ugh another meal (need to get 3 in a day) Nighty-night you guys!

 Here's the link to the article about Shep (hope it works): urlLink Click here *edit* Can't believe it actually works, of course, I had to call my son to ask him how to do it, but I was able to follow the instructions. Leslie - I am also severely technologically challenged.

 Sympathy and get well wishes to all of the ailing. Jan and Nan - Thanks for the details on Rick's appearance on Fox Report yesterday. Since it's impossible for all of us to watch all of the time, it's a big help when we can fill each other in on things that we miss. Denise - I agree that Rick's grin after an exchange with Shep is indeed priceless. (A day without a Rick and Shep exchange is as blah as eating unsalted food!) Aren't we all lucky that Fox News and all of their great guys are available to us? It's hard for me to remember now what cable was like without Fox News. In regard to your unhappiness with your job, Denise, I can only relate my experience and hope that it will make you feel better. Some years back, my employer closed some of their offices and I, along with a group of other employees, had to transfer to a new office. My previous office had been a very happy place, but the new office was a horrible change. Not only was the work very different and much harder, but the office manager greeted us with these words, "We know that you all don't want to be here, and we don't want you here." For at least one full year, I was extremely depressed and tempted numerous times to quit, but I would've had to give up too much in salary, seniority and benefits, so I stayed. After the first year or so, the manager became slightly less nasty to the transferred employees. (I suppose that it's just too difficult to maintain a high degree of hostility on a day-to-day basis, but it remained an unpleasant work situation.) After several years, the manager decided to retire. (Prayers do get answered.) The new boss was one of the best bosses imaginable, and everyone's morale went up immensely. My point is that conditions can be good, get bad, but go back to good again. Don't give up hope that things will get better for you in one way or another. Sherry - I thought that Adam's bullfighting report and Shep's response was so good that I e-mailed Studio B and said that they should put on more reports with reporters doing fun things. This may or may not put a bee in someone's bonnet, but if we don't tell Fox what we like and want to see more of, there's not much chance of getting what we want. I came across an article on Paula Zahn's new primetime show. Her ratings are even lower than Connie Chung's were. a h - Ray Kelly does have a similar hairline to Greg's, but I've read that hair loss is passed down from males on the mother's side of the family. Don't know how accurate this is. I suppose that Shep will be off again tomorrow for another long weekend, which made me think of the words that I most dread (omitting real life tragedies) to hear on Fox News: Sitting in for Shepherd Smith today is .... Factor gear! Standing outside the courthouse is .... There's a report that J. Lo and Ben .... Scott Petersen .... Kobe Bryant .... The latest news on Madonna is .... Substituting for Bill O'Reilly is .... Joining Greta tonight to discuss the case will be Rita Cosby and Geraldo Rivera. Sorry, it looks like we won't have time for Skinnerville today. My guests for tonight are attorneys .... We'll be joined by former porn star .... My guest tomorrow night will be Rapper .... (I'm sure that the rest of you have your own most dreaded words.)

 Just a quick post.....got to looking at B.Dalton (yeah, I know....) and got back with 10 min. to spare. Forgot to take my reader's adv. card with me so I have to go during my break to get today's finds. Today is absolutely flying- I can't believe it's nearly 2:00. Only an hour & a half to go- YEAH! Actually the day dragged till 11:30 when the mail came in. I'm sure tomorrow will be the same, LOL! I know, I know...."a watched pot never boils". Melissa- You've got the creeping crud too? That's like three of you (four?) that have been sick. Summer colds suck- I hope you feel better soon!! Vitamin C & Zinc lozenges will help. I'm your "sudafed sister" today- sinuses are acting up so I'm kinda in a haze. Sounds like Shep's been on a roll- thanks for posting the quotes! I swear, sometimes I feel like I have that ADD- mainly at work though. At home I'm fine. I guess that would be Work Attention Deficit Disorder, or WADD for short LOL. I mainly feel like that when I'm tired & there's a lot of noise- I sit on a main thoroughfair (sp??) aisle & it's constantly noisy. If I don't have music on I really can't concentrate. Sherry- You're welcome for the pre-read- I'm all giddy now- you gotta let us know when/how he replies! Nan- Hope your day gets better! If you need a smile, just think of Leslie's squirrel anecdotes. Actually my day is so-so- better than it has been. Last week was rough. I see those piles with flies too. Sometimes they bother me, & other times (which is more often) I'm so tired that I don't care. I'm getting used to one person or another crawling on me for something....which is scary. Hang in there! Speaking of work- gotta get back to it. I don't know if I'll get to check in tonight, so ya'll have a good one!

 Hey ladies! I tried to post this morning, but it ate my post, gave me an error page and kicked me out. Really, Melissa, just tell me and I'll leave. ;-) Today was the last day of summer school. We're taking all the kiddos to Wonderland Park this evening for a picnic and rides. Should be interesting. Our menu for this soiree is hot dogs, chips, fudge cupcakes, and homemade chocolate-chocolate chip ice cream. Add a few rides and the results should be colorful. How about Adamaniacs? Or is that too corny? Jen took care of Greg's shirt problem. Who wants to send Mr. Housley a cup for his family jewels? Nat - Where do I sign up for the Blog Road Trip? Melissa can design the T-shirts, and I have a portable propane grill and can get my hands on an RV. Can't guarantee you it would be totally legal, but hey, we might be able to give a jailhouse interview to Rick L. Will someone please tell me who gave Greg Palkott the valium? Melissa - I'm sorry to hear you're sick, but ain't cough medicine great? Try watching Disney movies on NyQuil. I was over at the "other" site this afternoon and noticed their discussion of hairlines. I kind of feel like we're the FNC to their CNN. There is a great article about Shep that's posted over there. I'd give a link to it, but since I'm technologically challenged (that's the politically correct term for idiot), I'll just mention it. Shep grew up in Holly Springs, MS about an hour south of Memphis. His dad still lives in Holly Springs. Like I haven't done my stalking, er, um homework. Jan - Pill? What pill? Did anybody get a name? When will it be available? I've got two girls who are barreling towards puberty without a clue about periods and hygiene. I shudder to think what I'm going to have to go through when they start. I'm still trying to emphasize the importance of toilet paper, but it's just not sticking. Sorry, bad pun. Right now, our best option is Depo Provera. But I don't know how that's going to work either. I read somewhere that the fewer periods you have, the less chance you have of developing ovarian cancer. Women who start late, have several babies, breastfeed, etc. have a significantly lower risk. That alone should be enough to want this pill available. My husband's aunt died of ovarian cancer at 38. Not a pleasant death. Well, one hour and counting until the picnic. I'd better go get things ready. I'll let ya'll know if I survive.

 Jen - I just saw Greg on Studio B and your right he did get a haircut. I like when he wears it short. Melissa - Yes Shep was on a roll today. I know tha was funny when he was talking about that other network breaking the story when Fox broke it a day earlier. Did you hear Adam telling about all these crazy people running for governor. That is a riot. I was also freaking when they were saying that they didn't have power for 10 days. I would die. I get mad when I don't have it for like 5 minutes. Nan - It's almost Friday hang in there.

 OH goodness Shep is on a roll today.....or maybe it's just all this cough medicine going to my head. "How much does NBC have to pay to use the FOX jest stream. Don't go usin' our jet stream now." "Could you imagine 10 days with no Studio B? 10 days with no power. Good Grief!" "10 days in Mimpho daddy Mimpho without power" Oh hmmmm Shep has family in the Mimphis area (I think I spelled that wrong)....Leslie, take notes. LOL! OK I'm gonna go now, I swear!

 Jan "those who talk together stalk together" LOL!!! I think since hotmail is affiliated with MSN that we're probably having the same problems with not getting e-mails. Some of my e-mails that people send me just dissappear into a black hole....probably the same one that ate Natalie's previous photos LOL. Is the Jewelry Manager a cutie?? *cough cough* I mean, is he nice? LOL Denise...oh no! Brohchitis! Thank can't be good! I've never had it *knocks on wood* (I don't wanna jinx myself since I'm already sick LOL) but I can only imagine how icky you must feel. Your story was too funny....heh heh the 51st state. Feel better. I'm watchin Studio B right now and it seems Shep's just as irritated about that family being put up in front of the media at such an awful moment as I am. The police supposedly wanted to capture Donna Walker before they told the family, and all I can think is "B****S***!" That family should have known the second the police found out. I mean I head him tell Linda Vester that they new Tuesday night that it was a hoax and still didn't tell them until Wensday 15 minutes before the news conference. I forget who asked, but Topeka, Kansas is about ohhhh I'd say 3 hours from Kansas City. But I guess she's not residing there anymore. I just hope they can capture her soon. Nan I hear ya! Is it Friday yet?? lol Have you guys seen that commercial for Adult ADD? (it's on right now) I have ADD and I never really thought about it in the way of it being like a constantly switching tv but really that's how it is sometimes. I can be talking and some obscure noise will distract me and I'll completely forget what I was saying. I've gotten better at controlling my concentration since I was little, but I still get distracted pretty often. Greg Kelly is on right now. He's wearing a blue polo type shirt.....and I belive Jen is correct. He got a haircut. Oh yay it's James Rosen now! He's a cutie! They had an ongoing joke yesterday calling him Jim and Jimmy because that's what President Bush called him. Shep kept calling him Jimmy Rose. LOL Ok I'm gonna go now. edit OMG ROFLMAO! Shep is hilarous! He was talking about if Arnold will or will not run and he's like "another channel reported it as their exclusive story. Their good about that. You know that first channel that nobody watches." Oh and yay! Adam is on!

 Is it Friday yet???? Work not going so good today. Our numbers our dwindling and it appears that I'm the only staff accountant left. I can't even tell what color my carpet is because it's covered with files of projects needing to be done. The banks and bonding companies will have to be patient, though I doubt the IRS will be so understanding. *Sigh* Denise - Sorry to hear about your bronchitis!!! You poor girl! Hope the doctor prescribed some medication to help, because last time I checked, breathing is necessary for human survival. LOL, Rick and Shep, priceless. I immediately got the joke, that's hilarious. Hope everthing works out for you with work. Jayel - Shep's quip to Adam was sooo funny. Typical Shep. Delivered with a completely serious face, too. I've just started taping Fox & Friends and love Doocy and Kilmeade's banter, though I missed the "rise and fall" comment. Darn. Did see Adam this morning, yup it does look like will be seeing lots of him in the couple of months. Yea! Jan - Love the motto - it's perfect. And just so you know, I am now training to make sure that there is no way any of the LevenGals will outrun me in case with have to make a dash for it. LOL I wonder if those women against that pill have stock in the company that makes Kotex? Sherry - LOL, about story of hubby selling wife on ebay - Didn't a guy offer to a motorcycle and to trade wives? LOL I bow to your bravery of sending Adam an e-mail. Hope he replies soon. Melissa - When I saw the press conference and the father of the missing girl started crying, the tears starting flowing right along with him. That poor family. Like Shep said about the woman who did this hoax "there's a special place down below for people like her". Nat - Another stressful day at work? I can certainly relate to that. Hope your day gets better as it goes along. Time for lunch, and Studio B

 PU (photo update): Nada today.....BUT. It prolly takes more than two days- maybe more like three (or four max.) days to get something from NY to CA, so I'm not going to sweat it. I just have to keep my ears peeled for the cart that our mail guy uses to bring the mail around LOL. He gives the mail to the assistants first and they in turn distribute it. I've alerted them- they know. The bad thing is, is that they are instructed to open *everything* before it gets distributed. *cries* But *I* want to open it!!! So, in order to open it I have to listen & watch for the mail..... OK- more later when I'm at lunch.

 Hey Girls....I'm home again today. This cold is wiping me out! My head is throbbing and my throat is swollen. I can't breathe through my mouth without coughing, but at least my nose isn't stuffy so I can breathe through my nose. And Jen, now I can relate to you 'cause I have to chew my food a bazillion times before I can swallow it. LOL! Well, I thought I heard them say something about Rick this morning aroung 10:30, but I was 1/2 awake and I could have been dreaming for all I know. LOL I'm assuming I didn't miss anything 'cause no one has said anything about him. Anyway, I'm up now.....All this sleep is making me feel...I dunno...*off* I guess, I mean I certainly don't feel any better. Last night I did manage to crawl out of my house to go watch "Seabiscuit" but I missed Rick and Adam's bullfighting in the process. Figures. LOL "Seabiscuit" was good, but it's 2 1/2 hour long. I swear I don't understand the need for movies to be that long! I can understand like Lord of the Rings or something like that 'cause they've got a lot of ground to cover, but some of these movies certainly don't need to be so long. Oh yeah and I forgot to say that I didn't get to see "Tomb Raider" on Sunday 'cause Melissa had already seen it and she said it sucked. Oh yeah, I thought it was funny 'cause some of the gals over at the MSN Fox Group are urlLink having a discussion about receding hairlines too . I actually agree with them. I have no problem with receding hairlines, nor a problem with bald men.....it happens, that's life. I forget who asked about hotmail. But no I don't usually have a problem with it freezing up....I have more of a problem of people saying they sent me an e-mail and then I never get it. It's very odd, and it only happens once in a while....so I dunno what's wrong with it.

 Adam Housley Alert! Adam is on Fox right now talking about the California election. He may be on throughout the day. (Unfortunately, he's isn't in bullfighter mode.)

 Well I finally sent my email to Adam. Thanks to Nat for reading it for me ahead of time. We will see if I get a response. I will post it if I do. Okay Now I can respond to all the posts. Did you hear about the guy putting his wife up for sale on Ebay. I better not let my hubby hear that he might try it. LOL!! Leslie - LMAO at your little stalking story. You can't hurt my poor Adam though. If he can handle that bull he could sure handle a bunch of us crazy stalkers. My dad is a builder and it will save you a lot of money to subcontract the work and build your own home. It is not that hard, my sister in law has done two houses that way. You just have to go out and hire the people, get estimates and that kind of thing. If you get a construction loan you can just take the bills to the bank and they will pay them. Thanks for the little humor on the squirrel story - I didn't even think about that when I was typing it. Nat - Yes my hubby is union and of course it pays well but he gets all mad during elections becuase you know the unions always support the democrats and hang all this junk all over their bulliten boards and it drives him crazy. Last time he put a Bush sticker on the board and someone took it down. It just makes him mad since they pay the union dues and it is probably their money that is going to these canidates. I also saw that Waldens is having that sale but I just bought all these books at Borders that I haven't read so I'm trying to stay away. That's okay if Adam hasn't grown on you yet but if he comes to San Francisco I would expect you to go out and find him and do your Levengals Stalker Duties. LOL!!! Nan - Adam is on today so you will get to see him. The nice thing about being an Adam fan is we get to see him a lot. Except last week which he must have been on vacaton. He looks like he got a little sun. Melissa - I just saw the news conference about the parents and their daughter that has been missing since 1986. That was awful. I felt so bad for them and I can't believe they didnt tell them sooner and they shouldn't have had them go out. My heart was breaking. Jayel - Thanks for sharing the news artice. It is always great to see Fox rating keep increasing and CNN keeps going down. I take it their Paula Zahn show against Shep and Bill isn't working. I can't believe that actually thought it would. I was surprised to see Rick covering the NH story last night. Alyson C. was covering it before but maybe she is on vacation. I hope they find the kids bodies so they can have a funerl and the mother can have some peace. Denise - I'm sorry your sick. Hope you feel better soon. Jan - LMAO - "Those who talk together, stalk together". All us ladies would get into all kinds of trouble if we ever got together. Well I think I replied to everything. Post more later.

 OMG!! I just watched The Fox Report last night and saw Adam's bullfighting story. That was hilarious. That bull knocked him right over. He was funny he said the bull was bigger than it looked. I have been wanting to email him and ask for a picture but never have. Now I just might have to after seeing that story.

 Hey everyone! Here's a part of my horoscope today: "Your aspirations are strong this morning. This is not a good day to do much in the way of chores, but it is good for walking around and getting the cobwebs out of your mind and increasing your determination." I dunno....I think I already have a heightened determination (hence why I haven't gone out on stress yet....we have another one who went out on Friday). But cobwebs in my mind- definitely have those. Certainly one of those horoscopes to ponder. Here's to hoping today is 'the day' **toasts coffee mug to ya'll**. I came in this morning and my eyes just about popped out of my head. Entity (medical group) app along with 15 individual physician apps. Crap. Well, for now I only have to get them set up- then I won't have to do anything on them till the underwriter approves them and THEN I get to process them.....You'd think that being in the 21st century & all that everything would be automated (like approval letters & such) but.....we have to use templates in MSWord for them since they aren't ready in our system. Sad, huh? Oh well- hopefully I'll be more caught up when I get those pups back. Jayel- You're right- Steve Doocy & Brian Kilmeade are the same way- they're funny in the morning; I can always use the humor as I'm getting ready for work! Denise- Sorry to hear you have bronchitis! Did they give you an inhaler or anything like that? I don't know if they prescribe them for bronchitis, but I know it helped me when I couldn't breathe & my chest was tight. Ick. Bronchitis & mild pneumonia can really wipe you out. The mild pneumonia I had two summers ago (2001) pretty much had me down for most of the summer. LOL at the "priceless" bit- too true!! Hang in there at work! I've been "looking for paperclips" on the floor last week.....but this week's a little better. Nah- the 'septic' thing came out loud & clear to me- LMAO!! I could just hear the pause after they said that....lol. Jan- I get the same thing- whenever I have a cold or my allergies are bad enough it seems to make me wheeze. It's just kinda annoying 'cause we don't have a history of asthma in my family & because I got a chest cold from a gal that I used to work with and used to be friends with (that ended around the time she left- long story) which then turned into mild pneumonia. The NP I saw said she almost put me into the hospital b/c my air output was so bad & I sounded really bad. So now when I really get stressed, bad allergies, or a cold, it's "inhaler time" (LOL- as opposed to "Miller Time"). It's so hard to not laugh when you're like that- Oh yeah- and if I laugh really hard it seems to trigger it. It's really strange. LOL- you know what? I sent them to jlrymedic@aol.com- for some reason I thought that was your email address. If that was never your address, someone's prolly scratching their head right now thinking, "who *is* this, anyway?" LOL! About the books-LOL- yeah, and now I have to find a place to put them....always a challenge but I figure it out eventually. Hey, we have good ballast (weight)! We'll be cutting right through the waves..... : ) Yeah, the "family jewels" was a classic Shep-ism, huh! I did a doubletake on that one. I still can't believe that chick either.....and *why* the cops didn't tell the family long before they had the conference is *way* beyond me.... LMAO- "Those who talk together, stalk together"! (NOTE TO THOSE WHO THINK WE'RE SERIOUS- LIGHTEN UP- WE'RE *JOKING*). Interesting that Rick was covering the dad/kids story- maybe you're right, that they're rotating reporters. "Three women in a small room with propane and sharp instruments"- I wouldn't want to mess with you gals, LOL! It's always refreshing to see someone (esp. a young one) so enthused about something. Kinda gives you motivation to keep going. Leslie- *Still* laughing at the squirrel/nuts thing...... Sherry- I have a feeling that Adam's going to be hot & heavy on the recall/gov. race here in CA, so you Adam.....hmmm....need to think of a name for Adam fans. Adam Addicts? I dunno- I'm sure there's a better one out there. Well hopefully today won't be a Rick & Todd day- I didn't set the VCR despite the last minute urge to...I ran out of time. OK- I'll keep ya'll posted. He didn't say to *which* address the photo's coming to, but I assume it's the work one since that's the one I was pushing in the last couple of emails. Later! Natalie

 Adam Alert!! He was on Fox News Live about 10:35 am covering the CA Governor race. For anyone that is taping Many he was looking good. Well anyway I'm back from my short trip. We came back early since it is going to rain today. Had fun. I'm reading all the post now so I will reply to those when I'm done.

 Hello all. No Greg K sightings so far. Was he on yesterday? Greg P is reporting from Tikrit right now. Observation: Ray Kelly still has a good hair line, so Greg K will probably continue to have a good hair line too. Nan & Jan, providing Greg K and Fox favorites updates is fun. Melissa, does hotmail often freeze up and not download emails easily? Jen, congrats on the 6lbs. What is your goal weight?

 Hey Guys... Checkin' in late today - today has been a pretty 'blah' day for me so I haven't felt like doing much of anything... The day started badly when I woke up and watched my Fox & Friends First recording on cable TiVo and got Greg Palkot in Tikrit *rolls my eyes* it was pretty much down hill from there :( Had pretty good success w/ eating today - was able to eat 2 meatballs for lunch, I ate a mini-microwavable Chef Boyardee Speghetti & Meatballs but paid for it later and pretty much just woke up from like a 2 hour nap. I've figured if I can cut Oompa off by sleeping it won't be so bad ... of course the only problem is..I just took a 2 hour nap and so I'll be awake for a while :( Okay I'll read today's posts tomorrow if anything strikes me I'll respond then - talk tomorrow afternoon *Edit* Okay Jan had to respond real quick ... I sent you an e-mail about hair but basically please don't apologize to me about it...

 Denise, I can sympathize with you on the bronchitis thing, I got it really bad several years ago, it is miserable!! I was off work for a week, and had the cough for about 6 weeks. I remember trying to watch an episode of Frasier (the one where they did the radio play) and laughing just made me cough harder, I had to leave halfway through the show because I almost suffocated myself. Now it seems every time I get a cold it goes right to the chest. Natalie, I never recieved any emails, my address is Jlrymedic15@msn.com. Sometimes I wonder if MSN doesn't send or recieve all the email it should, although Rick's made it through, thank goodness....More books for you?? You are gonna sink that boat yet...I'll bet the weight of the books popped that seal and let water in. I am so in on the Blog Road Trip, I'll get a van and even drive...Adam hasn't grown on me yet either, but he really did look cute when Sheppy mentioned his 'family jewels'...classic Shep. ROFL at you spitting water reading Leslie's post.... Melissa, I am with you completely on that poor family who thought they had their daughter back. They need to find that chick who made the phone call and hurt her, I hate to blame cops in general, but why on earth did they allow that news conference to go on like that???? Isn't she supposed to be in your neck of the woods??? Your house looks like my parent's old one, almost exactly, my room would have been the one on the left over the garage. Hope you kick that cold!! Leslie, just you mentioning that beach house conjures up images that make me very happy :-D.... My dog didn't chase that squirrel either, he's been beat down by two cats now for a couple of years, I think he just figured it was another cat that would kick his a**. My squirrel was sober though.....Your senarios are hilarious....If you're gonna attack a Fox reporter, try to do it in a small town, they tend to not have police dogs, they may not even have four cops..... Sherry, I didn't get quite the same image as Leslie on your squirrel story, she always adds another dimension to posts ( in a good way)...But now that she brought it up...LMAO...Have a great time in Baltimore... Jen, please accept my deepest apologies for even thinking of making fun of Greg's hair...Receptionists/Nurses aren't even allowed to tell you what they think it might be even if they think they might know, they are not allowed to give out info on the phone, and definately not without a doc's approval, so that doesn't necessarily mean it's bad....I'm looking for that shirt starting Monday, I'm sure Fox has people shuttling back and forth so it might get hand carried... Nan, Group Stalking, that's great "Those who talk together, stalk together" (I thought it needed a motto). In a group is the only way I would be brave enough, besides, I wouldn't have to outrun the cops, just the Gals I'm with.....I saw that episode about the pill on The Pulse, can you believe those women that were against it?..."It's like telling girls that they should be ashamed of being girls"....Don't tell me she enjoys her little 'visits'... Jayel, you missed Rick? He was talking about that guy who killed his two kids on the cross-country trip. I guess the dad confessed to killing them and putting duct-tape crosses on their chests before burying them, he tried to help the cops find the site, but still is unknown. They were asking for the public's help. I'll bet Rick hated doing that story, his kids would be close to those ages, and he said during Eyewitness to War that the kids' suffering affects him the most. I don't know if he is on that story now, or Fox is just rotating reporters.... I have a GOOD work story....we are training a new Jewelry Manager, and he got to spend the day with us jewelers (three women in a small room with propane and sharp instruments, he's a very brave man, or, too young to be scared). He's 22 and so nice and polite, and he was so excited to learn how we repair jewelry. He asked a ton of questions, and actually listened when we answered. It was refreshing and nice to remember that at one time, the job was exciting and fun, it made me remember how I was when I was new. He's a hottie too, but, I could practically be his mother, so that tempers it a bit....Jen or Melissa, you interested???

 Jayel - Rick did a story on Manuel Gehring (from New Hampshire, I think) admitted killing his kids, then buried them (forgets exactly where) then drove to CA. Looked good, dark blue suit, light blue shirt and yellow tie. Unfortunately, no lighthearted banter tonight, too serious of a story. No mention if this is Rick's story from now on or not.

 Hi ladies I found out that I may have bronchitis (sp?)***lovely**, I had some chest pain yesterday and had to go to the dr. I feel sooo tired, there is just no energy sometimes for what I have to do in a day! I did catch the Rick/Shep exchange yesterday, too cute! The cost of cable tv...$50 per month, the price of a color tv $300, VCr tapes $10, seeing Rick's grin after an exchange with his pal Shep...priceless! There has been so much going on here on the blog in the last few days, it is really hard to keep up, and at work get the single screen to post, and it becomes a pain in the butt to keep going back and forth...I also found out some frustrating things at work and I had a bout of "tieing my shoe for a few moments" all I can to is pray for a path to travel that maybe I haven't thought of yet. I do have a funny story, although I don't know how it will come out in writing, but the morning show guys on our local station QFM were telling a story about one of them visiting Great Britain, and over there some of the Brits call the US citizens septics (as in septic tanks), and his reply was "so, is that what the 51st state thinks huh?" and that ususally shuts them up for awhile LMAO...I guess it is funnier verbally. oh well, that's my attempt at humor for the moment as my chest hurts from breathing! sorry girls I think I will take a hot bath and watch some Fox and drift into sleepyland as I am so prone to do these past few days. I hope everyone here has a good evening! Bye

 Natalie - The "family jewels" remark was typical of Shep's wit. Too funny! It reminds me of Brian Kilmeade and Steve Doocy mentioning the Viagra and condom found in Uday's briefcase. One of them immediately said something about the "rise and fall" of Uday. The other one grinned, but wouldn't touch that line.

 HUH? Rick was on? I turned on the TV about the time you posted.... (and even though I set my VCR- somehow I must've miscalculated & ran out of tape before FR). Drat!! BUT.....I *did* see Adam's segment just now...uh, can we say *OUCH*? Of all the places to get bumped by a bull.....I was ROFLMAO about what Shep said after- it was something about the Housley family jewels....LOL! Someone (I assume crewmen) were laughing after that. It was pretty good.

 Argh! I go outside to my garden for just a few minutes, and when I come back inside Rick is ending a segment on Fox Report. (My intuition completely failed me on this.) Did anyone see it and can reveal what Rick was talking about? Was there any indication that this is a story that he's going to be following?

 Well, girls, Adam Housley's segment got bumped. I was looking forward to seeing Adam Housley, Reporter/Matador, but perhaps he will turn up later. This has been a lousy day for the hotties. Although my intuition is far from infallible, I usually get a sense of whether or not it will be a good day or good week for hotties. Does anyone else get these same intuitive feelings? I couldn't believe the cruelty involving the missing girl hoax. It's hard to understand why the family wasn't told about the hoax privately and not put on camera at all. On a happier note, the "Ricky/Sheppy" business yesterday was so cute. Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade remind me somewhat of Rick and Shep. Steve and Brian constantly rib each other. I wish that Fox & Friends would give them more time to joke around together. When I tape Fox & Friends, there isn't time to watch most of it, but I have to watch the beginning of each hour when the guys get to engage in most of their funny bits. Maybe Fox should have a weekly segment composed of the funny moments that happened on all of their shows during the week. Just to clarify what I said yesterday on the hair issue, I think that Greg K. and Mike Emanuel should get something done soon because their hair loss isn't terribly obvious now, and remedial treatment won't be as noticeable as it will be later on. If they were print journalists, it wouldn't matter how they looked, but on television appearance matters. I came across a snippet on Fox News, and these are the most interesting quotes: "Fox News Channel was once again the only cable news network to show year-to-year growth as monthly cable and broadcast news ratings declined from July 2002. News ratings often are a function of the headlines of the period, and CNN attributed its overall 26% drop in primetime -- to 690,000 viewers, along with a 30% slide in the key adult 25-54 year-old-demo -- to the slow news period. For July, the five cable networks suffered a 23% decline in primetime with all viewers and 13% among adults. Fox remained largely immune from those trends with a 13% gain in primetime to 1.27 million, though it fell 3% in the adult demo. For the thrid month in a row, half of the cable news audience turned to Fox in primetime, compared with 38% a year ago." I'm looking forward to a better day for the hotties tomorrow. At least, tomorrow can't be any worse than it was today.

 Today's been interesting......score one for me **evil laugh** (let's just say that I came out sorta victorious on something here) but then again, I haven't gotten anything done here that I need to.....even though I specifically told a broker to fax an app to ME, it went everywhere but. So that was an hour out of my time.....but....lol- I made up for that and my lack of getting a break earlier- taking a longer lunch & went & bought some books- Waldenbooks is having the old buy 4 get the 5th free sale on now. :-D I can't believe what I'm reading about the fraud woman who posed as the missing girl.....and how the family found out *on camera*??? What's up with *that*? That is so insensitive....unbelievable. Adam's doing bullfighting?? That's risky- hope Fox has a good worker's comp plan if something (Heaven forbid) goes wrong! Jan- I sent you a few emails- hopefully you got them? OMG- the falling squirrel thing is just too strange/funny- I was thinking "oh no!" and yet laughing at the same time- it's just such an odd image. Poor thing! But I guess it survived the fall. Re. Greg's hair, my stepson's got a very similar receding hairline and he's only 21. Kevin keeps telling him to massage his scalp otherwise he's going to be bald by 30. He says that if the scalp gets too tight, the hair doesn't grow, so you have to massage it to keep it loose. Dunno if that's true, but Kevin's dad still has his hair but his (Kevin's) uncle lost his by 30....and let's just say Kevin's dad massaged his scalp. "obsession disguised as history"- love that!! I'm going to have to use that one. Jen- sorry you're having protein problems.....I wish I knew of something I could tell you to try. Eggs seem to work good for you though, but I'm sure you need more. Cold compress- but you gotta use ice- just make sure you put it in a baggie & then in a sock otherwise it'll be too cold. Mmmmmm I love Swedish Meatballs! I think we may have stroganoff tonight....not sure yet. CONGRATS ON THE 6 POUNDS!! YAY!! Nan- Isn't it just hilarious all the chatter that happens when the guys surface?? LOL! I'm greedy too- I taped today, but from what I've read it looks like no Rick & Todd today- but Adam's been on. Maybe he hasn't grown on me yet....or I'm just too picky LOL (prolly the latter). Yep- the Tivo thing came up last night- we're trying to remember which one we need....we got one & had to take it back 'cause it wasn't going to work for our setup. Not sure why....but we did figure it out, just need to remember & act on it. OMG......I *heard* about that @#%#@% surcharge that CA is going to charge for those who make more than $90,000. To think that if I was still in school, that I'd prolly have to pay that. Well. I guess that takes care of me getting a Masters at SFSU, or anywhere in CA for that matter. I *cannot believe* they are going to do that! I know what you mean....I heard that and went through the roof last night- Kevin had go outside & pry me off the top of the 75 ft mast when I heard that. Four words: ***Blog Group Road Trip!*** Sherry- hope you have fun with your parents! OK- when I first read your squirrel story earlier, it didn't strike me the way it did Leslie (girl, you got a dirty mind- LOL!); but now that I re-read it, I thought the same thing! "He would put his nuts in there because you could hear him rolling them around" ROFLMAO!! How sad how he died though! ;*( A lot of things happen here, but *sniffle* not the reporters I really want to see are out here- they're all back east. Adam's out here (I'm sure he'll get a lot of airtime with the recall) though he hasn't grown on me yet. Maybe if I see him more..... Leslie- LMAO at the "breaking story"! OMG- and the whole PMSing/monthly visit thing was too much- even the second time I read it (although I made sure that I wasn't eating or drinking anything this time around)! Still wiping the tears from laughing so hard.....ROFLMAO!! Group cramps! Ohhh~ your hubby got a squirrel drunk? Oh no! But that does sound funny! "more fun than a jar of peanut butter and a litter of puppies"-- I'm now ROFLMAO with *this* image! LOL!! "I have come to realize if you have the time and patience, it's a lot cheaper to subcontract the work and build your own home than buy one already built."- our thoughts exactly- which is what we want to do when we move to TX. His parents have land that we could build on- we'll just have to see what our finances are then. Melissa- No replies on my end yet.....hopefully he got your email & replies soon! How could he *not* reply quickly? :-D You're right- what you make & what you can afford depends on where you live. If I made what I do now in AZ, I could prolly afford a house- I'm not sure what the prices are now, but when I left there in 1994, they were fairly decent- around $80,000. (five times as much here than there). You guys have a cute house! LOL- my first ex and I used to have "Betty Crocker" night- BC Meatloaf, BC au gratin potatoes & BC blueberry muffins. Was kinda good actually....the dinner that is, *ick* NOT the ex. *cringes*

 Ok the way this day is going they're not gonna get to Adam's story until Fox Report, and that's even if they do at all. Did any of you see that news conference with the family who thought they may have found their daughter after she had been missing for 16-17 years? ( urlLink the story is here ) Well it turns out it was just a cruel cruel joke by a woman name Donna L. Walker. But what baffles me, is that the family thought the news conference was going to bring good news. Now, why didn't they inform the family before the conference that they had found out it was a hoax??? Why was that poor father allowed to break down in front of the media?? Shannon's father, Mike Sherrill, who attended the news conference, told reporters: "I wasn't expecting this at all." He said when police told him there would be a news conference, he thought they were going to reunite him with his daughter. Then he broke down in tears and sobs. Shep promised answers to that question by the time Fox Report aired tonight. I hope he can find out, because it's bad enough that they have to learn of the cruel hoax played on them, but then to not learn the truth until the conference....that's just terrible!

 Ah Jayel beat me to it! Adam will be on and it looks like he's taken up bullfighting. *rowr* Can't wait to see this one....it looks like he's in some nice tight jeans. :) OH NO! I just went in to check the TV and they were going to commerical....did I just miss Adam??? I swear I'm gonna kick myself if I did! lol! edit: Oh good I didn't miss him. It's still to come. :) And yes it is him in jeans fighting a bull.

 Adam Housley Alert! Fox News Live just mentioned that Adam Housley is going to be on. It looks like it will be a story on bullfighting(?) If so, he may in jeans.

 Melissa - what do you mean, "nothing special"? That's a cool looking house. I love split-level ranches. Reminds me of the Brady Bunch house. I know what you mean about spaghetti, hamburger helper, or peanut butter sandwiches every night. As for this being a small town, it's what's called a Bedroom Community. Nobody really works here, they either work in Amarillo, Borger or Pampa. There's really only two levels of houses here: $30,000-Oh-my-God! 1000 sq. ft. or $200,000-OH-MY-GOD 3000 sq. ft. Very few in the middle range. Most of the people that work here in town live in the first type and the professionals that work elsewhere live in the second type. I've never lived in what could be called a city. Biggest town I'd ever lived in was 30,000. We bought our first home for $37,500, 1800 sq. ft. 3 bed 1 bath on 1/2 an acre. We, unfortunately, still own it, but we have a really good renter. I have come to realize if you have the time and patience, it's a lot cheaper to subcontract the work and build your own home than buy one already built. Your dad, being a carpenter, is probably pretty handy to have around. Can union workers take work on the side to make extra money or is that against the rules? Hope you kick your cold, you sound miserable. Nan - you don't want to get me anywhere near Shep's unmentionables. It won't be pretty. But I'd love to have the company at the beach house. I have a feeling what one doesn't think of, the other one will. Nat - Sorry about the impromptu spit-take, hugs right back at ya. Countdown: 44 minutes to Studio B and counting.

 Hey girls, I just woke up about 1/2 an hour ago. I dunno what happend....if I just got too hyper yesterday or what......but I got this sudden cold attack and it's kicking my ass! It hit me around 6:30 last night, and I haven't stopped coughing since. I have no idea if Rick's been on, but I guess not 'cause no one has said anything. Though, like Nan said, maybe we're all recovering from the pace yesterday. :) No reply yet, but I think I may re-send it from my yahoo e-mail saying that hotmail has issues and messes up my e-mails once in a while. Maybe....I'll wait just a little bit. Leslie - OMG ROFLMAO @ the drunk squirrel!! And I couldn't even imagine all of us PMSing at the same time....those poor FOX studs wouldn't have and ice cubes chance in hell. Yeah I'm pretty sure my parents make close to that, if not over that a little....but they haven't made that kind of money very long. My dad got into the Capenter's Union about 5-6 years ago, and so his pay has been a lot better since then, and my mom is an office manager who's worked there for almost 6 years and they raise her pay almost every year because they'd be screwed without her. But yeah it's nice to actually have money saved and we don't have to eat tuna helper, salbury steak (even though I actually liked it heh heh), and spaghetti every night of the week. But my parents are by no means rich. The house (our first house) they just bough was about $97,000 and that's pretty reasonable here in Kansas City. Most average houses here go for 150-200k and that's just average home 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom, raised ranch basically our house looks like this from the outside: Nothin' spectacular. Eventually though, my dad wants to build his own home. And I think how much money you make and how "wealthy" you are really depends on where yo live. Like, if we moved to Cali my dad would pretty much be making the same amount of money, but houses are a lot more expesive and a lot smaller than here. And where you live since it's a small town area, you can probably find a nice home for a lot less money. Well I think I'm gonna go take some cold medicine and lay down. Hopefully we'll get some Rick sightings today. :)

 Judging by the relatively few posts this morning, we're either 1- experiencing a severe drought on the hottie front or 2-we're still recovering from the fast & furious pace of yesterday. Please, please, please be the latter. Sherry - I didn't see Adam this morning before heading for the office *sigh*, but then I didn't see much TV as hubby's home and was sleeping so I couldn't turn on the tube in the bedroom and say "Honey, don't mind the TV, I just have to get my Adam Housley fix before work". After not being home for more than a week don't think he would be very understanding. Squirrel nuts rolling around in the wall, hmmm, nah I'm not going to touch that one-ROFL Wilmington, NC, I'll have to do some research on it. I like the sound of only an hour to the beach. Have a great time in Baltimore. Leslie - I'm there at the beach house with you girl. Of course the only laundry we would do, would be, well, those items that could be considered "beach wear". "You say your shirts and pants have disappeared, Mr. Smith. I'm really sorry but I haven't seen them, and the store in town seems to be all out of your size." LOL I love your Group Stalking senario, still LMAO over "Take me to Sheppy, take me to Sheppy". Over-zealous fan or not, you most definitely would have to be with us. Almond Joy cheescake, yummy. Back to work for me, I'll check in later.

 Just a couple of quick random notes- I'll have to re-read the posts & comment again later. Leslie- I was drinking some water when I read your whole squirrel/nuts thing and it took everything I had to not spit it out & also not to laugh REALLY LOUD in a very quiet office.....I needed the humor- thanks!! Oh yeah- and the Blog Group PMS thing- ROFLMAO about that too- all of us having it at the same time.....there's a thought! I can always count on you gals for a pick me up. ****HUGS FOR EVERYONE***** Sherry- I think you mentioned something that your husband is union (mine's too)- but it triggered a memory of something I dreamed either last night or before- I dreamed that we started a union here at work- LOL- a union at a med. mal. ins. co......... OK- I'll catch up later....btw- I set the vcr today.

 Good morning ladies! Tried to log on three times yesterday and the Blogger button was missing. Melissa, if you don't want me posting, just tell me. You don't have to hide the blogger button. ;-) Wow, yesterday was awsome! Studio B and Fox Report: Shepilicious! Definitely "Tricky", loved the "Sheppy" come-back. Thinking of volunteering to be Gal Friday at their beach house in the summer. I could cook, clean, spy..... Jen - truly proud of you for all of the pounds shed, but if you don't stop rubbing my nose in it while I'm bloated and hungry, I'll have to hunt you down. I personally think you should have just snipped those little buttons off of Greg's shirt. "Buttons, Mr. Kelly? You mean the buttons were missing when you got the shirt?!" Nat - you guys would not want me to join your Group Stalking. I have a hard time with being inconspicuous, and I'm afraid I might become one of the breaking stories. "Four local police officers, a police dog and a FOX news cameraman worked for three hours to release reporter Adam Housley from the clutches of an over-zealous fan. Witnesses reported the woman was accompanied by several other women who seemed to disappear into the crowd when the reporter was attacked. As Mr. Housley was struggling to free himself from the woman, she was heard to repeatedly mutter, "Take me to Sheppy, take me to Sheppy." Mr. Housley was disshevelled but otherwise unharmed. Back to you, Jane." Sherry - It would seem that two of us are now synchronized in our monthly visits. We'll all be cramping together by Christmas. Woe be unto the Fox executive that deprives us of our hotties during our group cramps. Can you imagine the entire LevenGals blog PMSing at once? ROTFLOL! I'm sorry, but I had an entirely different picture of your squirrel putting his nuts in the wall and rolling them around. We have two squirrels that live in our black walnut tree. Talk about a squirrel Taj Mahal. Melissa - $90,000?! Roy and I didn't make $90,000 in the first three years with Vibra-Whirl combined. We think we're in tall cotton now with $40,000. But we've also managed to pay off our credit cards, pay off our mortgage, and save for a considerable down payment on a new house. Roy's trying to talk me into a monolithic dome home which looks like a big ice cream scoop full of concrete. Tornado proof, fire proof, no roofing for wind and hail damage, and heating and cooling costs are almost non-existent. Put that on an acre of land with an in-ground 16x32 swimming pool and our total investment would be around $98,000. Jan - I have seen a squirrel fall out of a tree, but they weren't fighting. My husband got it drunk on rum-soaked raisins. Don't ask me why, that's just the way he is. But it was hilarious. Charlie won't chase squirrels, she thinks they are beneath her. Rabbits, yes; squirrels, no. Rodents with fluffy tails. I've seen her walk past a squirrel without a second glance. Nan - thank you for your well wishes and for all the giggles I got yesterday from reading your posts. You are a hoot, and more fun than a jar of peanut butter and a litter of puppies. Last night we had my brother's 40th birthday party. He's taking it very well. I made chile rellenos, beans, rice, and an Almond Joy cheesecake. Tonight - leftovers. ;-) Ya'll have a good one.

 Good Morning Ladies!!! I thought I would get a post in before I go away. My parents are coming to town and we are going to Baltimore to the Harbor today and staying the night and coming back tomorrow afternoon. I'm sure I'll have like 100 post to read when I get back. Not to worry I got both VCR's going. Nan - Adam was looking great yesterday, smiling and laughing. On Studio B he said even though he has lots of support (from coworkers) that he has decided not to run for governor. LOL!! I'm with you they I just want to see the hotties covering all stories all the time. We think we have decided on Wilmington, NC. Reason being it is a fairly good size city so we would be able to find jobs. Also pretty much wherever you live around there you will be within an hour of the beach which is what we want. A couple more years and hopefully we will be there. My husband's work is probably going to close the plant here that he works at within a couple years so that is what we are waiting for. He doesn't want to leave before then because he has a pension and since they are union they get a great severance plan. Jen - Congrats on another 6 pounds. Jan - I got your email and sent you one back. You shoud have your tapes on Thursday or Friday. They went out Monday. I don't think I have ever seen a squirrel fall either. That story is funny. We used to live in a really old house and we had a squirrl that lived in the walls. He would put his nuts in there because you could hear him rolling them around. We named him Scruffy and he would hang outside the bedroom window upside down and look in at us. He was hilarious. One day there was a dead squirrel in the road and it must have been Scruffy because we never heard him in the walls again. I'm up for stalking duty anytime. LOL!! Nothing ever happens here so the chance of me ever seeing a Fox reporter are slim to none. The only story they have had here was the Anthrax story since Fort Detrick is like 10 minutes from my house. Nat- If I don't get my photo by the time I get back from Florida I will definitely send a follow up. Glad you got to see a little of Rick yesterday. That was funny when he called him Sheppy. Getting him back for calling him Ricky. Well I gotta go.

 A few good looking guys on TV and just look what happens to this blog. LOL Sherry - Adam was the first thing I saw on TV too! It definitely was a great way to start the day. And what a day today was. Here's hoping tomorrow is more of the same. I'm greedy, I want our Fox Hotties all day, every day. LOL Screaming teenagers, LOL. Why is that teenage girls have to scream.? I'm sure I did it too. Oh no, Aunt Flo, hope it's better by now. Did you see the report the other day, on The Pulse, I think, about a new pill that would reduce Aunt Flo's visits down to 4 a year? It hasn't been approved by the FDA, but it's close. WHERE DO I SIGN UP!!!!! North Carolina, huh? What city? I'm always dreaming about leaving CA behind me for good one day. Not sure if I could convince the hubby of moving that far east, but, if the beach isn't too far and it doesn't rain too much (he must play tennis regularly), maybe..... Our shopping consists of Walmart, Target and for finer items, Mervyn's. We did have a JC Penney's but it burned down a few months ago and will not be rebuilding. I definitely heard Shep call Rick, "Tricky" LOL Vacation in Florida, sounds great. Hope you have a great time. Yeah, it does sound like it's the overseas flights they're worried about. If they were REALLY worried, they would raise the terror alert level. So put it out of your mind. I forgot you had requested a picture of Rick too. Hopefully you'll get it this week. Jan - a new sport, "Group Stalking"!!! Strength in numbers. First game would be following Rick and Shep out on the town and eavesdropping on their conversations. LOL I would definitely be your winggirl, if I could. Jen - A shirt for Greg, that's a fantastic idea. Color sounds perfect. Can't wait to see him in it. Another 6lbs!!! WOW!! But it sounds like you need to get more protein girl. Greg's hair, I refuse to comment on the grounds it might incriminate me. LOL Jayel - Your spies are definitely on the job. In the am top button was button, later in the day, unbottoned. Good work!!! That's right, no demure hotties for us. Melissa - Rick tie did look good on him today, in fact, HE looked great. Another Greg on Fox - that's exactly what I was thinking this am when I heard the guy from Rome. It's amazing the people out there on the net. Asking Rick those very personal questions and then asking you to e-mail him on her behalf??? Makes me really appreciate the group of wonderful LevenGals we have. Don't forget to let us know when Rick replies to your e-mail. a h - Thanks for all the updates during the day. Don't have TV at work. so for a busy hottie day like today, it was really appreciated. Nat - So sorry you missed the hottie rich tv viewing today. You gotta put the TiVo at the top of your Christmas list. Hubby and I bought ours as a present to each other last Christmas. We are so spoiled by it now, can't imagine how we ever managed without it. The "new" way CA has proposed to soak the "rich" is regarding students attending UC schools. If their parents earn more than $90,000, their tuition will be $3000 per year more than the regular in-state rate. Un*friggin*believable. Not only are those students not eligible for financial aid, but now the want them to pay more. Can't think about this now - face is turning several shades of red and my head will explode like a cartoon character. Set your VCR tomorrow, just in case. It's late - going to watch a little tube, then hit the hay.

 Okay I'm back for one last post... Jan: Stop with the hair stuff! I know your kidding and all but .... sure the shirt idea is priceless but will it work?! It's like I told Melissa I won't really feel good about it until I hear..a rumor on here that he wore it and wore it more than once and didn't like burn it afterwards, I'll have to ask him if he still has my shirt when he gets home ... the protein is non-existant and I called the doctor about what we talked about on AIM and the receptionist/nurse had no clue what's going on Melissa: "Helen Thomas" -> Silence since this afternoon :) but we'll see what happens tomorrow... this afternoon on AIM was a blast as always, I'm fresh out of stuff for tonight so I'll charge my battery and try to come up w/ something intresting for tomorrow if I see you Nat: Ugh Fruck! I've got a headache again!! What was that you told me to do? Cold compress? I need to try that tomorrow Okay guys the shirt should get there (NY) tomorrow so then it's up to Fox to send it, my mom was like "Why don't you call and ask them if they've sent it." I thought about it but then considered the source of this idea and I was like "No, not sound, but thanks anyway mom." I need something new to eat for tomorrow .... I'm venturing more and more into red meats (just for some extra protein) I'm having sweedish meatballs tomorrow, kinda layin' off hot dogs for a while because I'm suppose to go out with my Doubting Thomas of a friend named Amanda for hot dogs - A friend of mine who had the surgery 15 months ago told me that I could try Taco Bell - like get a soft taco and unwrap it and eat the inside...*musing about it* that would require cash and only the Fast Food resturants at the airport take credit and a steak soft taco isn't worth driving to Dulles .... more workies at the gym tomorrow, today was cardio and pilates and tomorrow I'll workout with Keith the Trainer Nighty-night guys ;)

 Hi Gals, before I reply to some of the posts, I just have to tell you I saw the strangest thing today. When I get home from work, the first thing I do is let the dog out, so there we are in the backyard and we hear this squabble coming from the tree, I looked up just in time to see two squirrels 'arguing' and chasing each other, and then 1 squirrel lost his footing and just fell out of the tree!!! I have never seen a squirrel fall, he landed with a thud and my dog just looked at me like "What the .....". After about a minute he got up and scurried over the fence.....just very strange. I saw Rick twice, the first time on tape and the second time 'live'....I've heard that Shep calls him Tricky, or Tricks at times, so I'm sure it was Tricky. I loved it when Rick said Sheppy....those two would be great in a bar wouldn't they??? I'd just love to sit and listen to them talk smack to each other.... Melissa, I can't believe that girl would ask those questions either, but to ask you to email him for her is even nuttier.... I have to agree with Jen and Melissa about Greg's hair, I've never had a problem with guy's hair being too thin or non-existent...my dad has the same male-pattern baldness as those guys (Greg and Mike E) and I guess I'm just used to it.....although I would LOVE to be able to tease Jen about Greg's 'rug'.....I think natural is the way to go...... Jen, I still think the idea to send Greg a new shirt is priceless....There is no way he can't respond to that effort....Glad you enjoyed the salsa so much, how's the protein going??? Darn you, I'm so hungry for deviled eggs now..... Nat, sorry you didn't tape, I have mine set for M-F at the same times every day, I just watch it when I get home and tape over it. I haven't decided if I want to keep all of Rick's stories, but I am excited to get the war reporting ones from Sherry....that's obsession disguised as history, gotta love it....You HAVE to post the moment you recieve that pic, did you say you have a scanner? 'Cause girl, after all this, you have to have Melissa post it...Just let me know if I have to open the flood gates..... Nan & Sherry, if you were closer I'd have come and picked you up and we could have cruised the courthouse together....I need a little inspiration to do the stalking stuff, I'm not very brave by myself... Melissa, I don't blame you at all for my blog problems....I'm just glad we all have a good and decent place to post our opinions, you're a genius for coming up with this....You spelled Naproxen correctly, it's the ingredient in Aleve, which is available over the counter... Sherry, I know all about the teenies screaming, I went with a friend to take her daughter to see *NSYNC about two years ago, and my ears are still ringing...I have to admit, they put on a good show. I sent you an email yesterday, let me know if you didn't get it..... a.h., You are better than an early warning system, thanks for all the heads up...I'd like to have seen the report with the mortar going off, man, I'd jump too..... Leslie, hope all is well with you and your family after all the torment of last week. Nat, you have to 'fess up, you got two (2) emails from Rick today????What did he say (in it's entirety)???

 Dang, bring out the hotties & look what happens on the ol' blog! :-) Well, I got home *just* in time to see Rick for 5 seconds & hear him call Shep "Sheppy" and hear Shep laugh. Sounds like they were both on a roll today! Tori Amos is playing in Concord tonight (about an hour from here?) but it's just too hard going during the week, plus it's outside & I couldn't really afford to go- I need to start saving my money again. I'm too tired to really care one way or the other about it. Melissa- what timing you have! Eery (sp?) huh? You didn't miss him yesterday. Fox *does* have a lot of Gregs! You know what's funny is there's an acct. exec. at work who's name is Greg LOL. LOL about Greg K making the joke about the photos (and also your reaction- I'd prolly do the same thing!). Some of the anchors just don't get correspondant's humor.....I think Shep is one of the few. **cries** nope - I didn't tape. I've decided it's a crap shoot for me as to whether I tape or not. I may tomorrow, but I try to save my VCR from wear from taping for 8 hours & then speed watching 8 hours. We really need to get a Tivo....it's on my Christmas wishlist. ;-) How did the pics come out of Rick? Will you be posting them? I can't remember now who came up with "Hottie Toddie"- Jan? Nan? Sherry? I've got major brain fade.... (Also to Jen) - the shirt thing is sooo exciting!! I'm going to be watching for it! :-) Girl, you are *wired* today! LMAO!! :-D Glad you're back- we missed you last week too! Thanks for the happy dance! It's so nice to know that I'm "NOT being a pest"! He is a sweetheart! I'm sure he'll reply to you - if not today then prolly tomorrow! You gotta let us know when he does! :-) He didn't reply to my last one (I'm not really expecting one- I just said I was glad that I wasn't being a pest and that I'm having a good summer). I'm sure he'll reply tomorrow! Wow, those *are* personal questions.... if it were me, I don't think I'd answer those. Sherry- Oh yeah- that's right you're going to FL next week- yeah vacation "Aunt Flo's" are never good. I think I'm going to be safe for my vacation in November....I wasn't so lucky last year. Oh, I hope you get your photo too!! I'm hoping by Friday it'll get here. If so, I'll email it to Melissa & see if she can post it. If you don't get your photo by the end of the week and certainly if it's not waiting for you when you get back- follow up with him. Still LOL about all the excitement myself- I'm living vicariously through ya'll LOL! "They were everywhere"- LMAO- I just get this hilarious image of all of us giddy gals running around and stirring up excitement! Girl- you'll be fine on the flights (I know that's easier said than done, *believe* me.)- it's my gut instinct- you'll be safe. I love all the excitement on here today- all the "RICK ALERT!!!"s are great! :-D Jayel- Thanks for the description of what Todd wore ;-) I like dark red..... ('course I'm a Scorpio, so that would figure- red is supposed to be Scorpio's color). Have ya'll checked the pic Fox has for Todd? You can see it urlLink here . I think he needs to update it LOL! I'd like to see an updated one with the goatee..... I agree- we need to let Fox PTB know our appreciation! :-D I think we should also remind them about a calendar....it *is* that time of year where calendars are coming out for 2004.... Steve & Brian are hilarious! And you're right- they know when they see humor, as well as Shep. **GASP** A demure hottie? We *definitely* cannot let that happen!! Jen- Thanks for the happy dance! :-) I'm still elated....makes up for not setting the VCR. LOL- it's weird to see him (albeit for 5 seconds) and think- gee- he sent me a couple of emails today- LOL! Mmmmmm chips & salsa....that sounds so good right now!

 Melissa: No don't be sorry! Pizza sounds yummy soon I'll have it and fajitas ... Rachel Ray was *on* today she made bacon wrapped steaks *drooling* oh Ole it's Chips n Salsa again for tonight's move 'Volcano' okay my mom is in here watching made tape of 30 minute meals .. check back, edit later *edit* Okay my mom left but not before she saw my Greg clip from this morning "He's looking better and better." I was like "Yeah Tikrit has been good for him I guess." Nat: Salsa n' Chips were good...really, really, really full now *breathing* just 9 minutes before I can take a drink Melissa: Still chasing away those "possibilities" brought up by whoever it was on that other message site..they should be gone in a minute...*laughing to myself* Melissa, yes you'll have to be my Press Secretary "Today at 4:14 p.m. ... questions?" lol sorry I'm a dork Okay maybe more later - gotta go "track" my delivery! Make sure it got to NYC today :)

 Heh heh. I missed Rick and Shep 'cause I was checkin' my e-mail. No reply yet. I figured Rick had gone home for the day, but guess not. Shep and Rick are just too adorable! I aksed Rick in my e-mail if Shep called him "Tricky" on Studio B. Anyway dinner (it's pizza Jen -- sorry!) is here, but I wanted to share a quick story. A girl over at the yahoo group asked for Rick's e-mail and someone gave it to her, so I replied saying that Rick is really great about replying to e-mails. She also asked if "he's" daiting Laurie Dhue, but at the time she had also mentioned Greg...so I wasn't sure if she asked if Rick or Greg was dating Laurie...but I assumed she ment Rick, since I've heard that rumor before. So I told her about Lauren and how old she is, and I said I doubted Greg had a girlfriend since he took his mom as his "date" to the white house etc etc. and I told her about the site rick-leventhal.com.....so today on the group she posts: Hey Melissa Does Rick have the yahoo messager I when I emailed him I asked him what his full name was and when his birthday was and what his two girls names was Heather And all I can think is.....why on earth would he answer those questions?!?! BUT it gets even more strange!! Heather personally e-mail's me and asks if I can e-mail Rick and tell him to reply to her!!! I kindly sent her an e-mail explaining that Rick doesn't know me personally, and that my e-mailing him wouldn't make any difference.....and also that he probably wouldn't want to reply to such personal questions. I just couldn't belive it! It takes some balls to ask that many personal questions!

 Rick was just on the Fox Report and at the beginning Shep called him Ricky and at the end Rick called him Sheppy. It was cute. Shep said the thing is he is Ricky all the time.

 Good Evening Everyone!! Melissa - I haven't gotten my picture yet. I'm hoping it is in the pile with Natalie's. I haven't sent a follow up email yet but might do that if I don't get it over the next couple of weeks. It has been busy on here today. I think we all excited that we saw lots of the hotties today. They were everywhere. Okay I'm flying to Florida on Sunday so I don't really need to hear about all these Al Queda plans to attack planes by the end of the summer. I usually don't worry about this stuff because the chance of it happening again are probably slim. I think they are more concerned with overseas flights. Well I'm going to go watch The Fox Report, post later.

 *here here* Jen! I second that! I think Greg's hair looks great! He seems to have pretty thick hair, so I'm sure it's just his natural hairline. Same goes for Mike. But I suppose I'm just used to seeing them like that, and can't imagine them any other way. I sent Rick a "photo request" e-mail. Now, if I get it before Thanksgiving I'll be happy. :) I'm hoping maybe he'd reply, but who knows....he's a busy man, plus Hotmail get's spastic sometimes and eats random e-mails before I ever recieve them. heh heh. *edit* Sherry, did you ever get your pic?

 Jayel: ! I don't think Greg has to do *anything* w/ his hair, I think it's great just the way it is - besides that's how he looks, can you see him any other way (as far as hair goes?) I know I can't ... but you don't have to listen to me, I am biased afterall...

 Jen - What a great idea to send a shirt to Greg! I think that the sage green color will look really fine on him. (Be sure to include instructions that he is NOT to button the buttons.) Lol! Natalie: Todd was wearing a gray jacket, no tie and a shirt that was a dark red (hard to describe the exact shade). It was unbuttoned enough to show a little chest hair, and he turned his head once to show that his hair is getting rather long in back and curls nicely. Melissa - I liked Rick's orange tie, although I don't particularly like the color orange. It went well with his brown suit. I, too, thought that Shep called him "Tricky," rather than "Ricky." Rick also called Shep "Mr. Smith." How very respectful! Lol! These two are just so good together. (Ladies, let's remember to e-mail Fox occasionally to thank them for putting on our favorite hotties. This will probably encourage more of the same.) Shep said that Rick would be on again, so he could be making an appearance on Fox Report. If that happens, I hope that it will be live and not just a repeat, so that we may get more conversation between the two. Thanks, Melissa, for telling us about Greg's little joke. I regret that I missed that. Too bad he got teamed with Fox anchors who have a poorly developed sense of humor. (I thought that only happened to Rick.) I've only seen two Fox women who have a good sense of humor -- E.D. Hill and Jane Skinner. There may be others, but these are the only two that I'm sure of. I wish that Greg and Rick could have more conversation with Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade. Both Steve and Brian are quite funny, and they would know how to respond to humorous remarks. a h - I didn't see Greg's report when the explosion took place, but he impresses me as someone who is both mentally tough and physically tough. Well, I suppose that's only to be expected from a Marine. I think that Fox is trying to throw the story of Saddam's capture to Greg, although there's no way of knowing just how things will work out. It isn't that Greg P. isn't equally deserving of the story, but the Fox PTB are well aware that Greg K. is the one commanding such strong viewer interest. It would hardly make sense for them to ignore that. By the same token, I think that they are trying to throw stories to Rick as much as possible, but RL isn't being terribly co-operative. Nan - I have spies everywhere (including Baghdad), and I've instructed them that if they catch Greg buttoning too many buttons again, to rap his knuckles and deliver a stern warning that the LevenGals will not tolerate this. Is there anything worse than a hottie who turns demure? Jan - I think that it's definitely time for Greg to consider doing something about his hair loss. Ditto for Mike Emanuel. There are almost no TV reporters or anchors with seriously receding hairlines, and I see no difference in supplementing thinning hair than in getting teeth straightened or wearing contacts instead of glasses.

 A H: Yes there was a note attached to it. What did I say, some might wonder? Well I think I'm going to keep that between me and him

 AH - no no I was just joking about "serious sir"! LOL! Sorry for the confusion. And Jen sent it to the NY office.

 Melissa, was it really "serious sir"?

 Jen, did you send the gift to NY or Atlanta? Did you send him a note with the gift?

 Ok, I edited my post earlier...I thought it sounded like "Tricky" too. Heh heh it was cute....so cute. And MAN Shep sort of "dug into" Hannity today! It ws funny though. 'Cause Shep was right about what he was sayin... *edit* Greg's Nickname in the marines -- "serious sir" ha ha ha!!

 A H: I *wish* Melissa was there w/ me :) ... but let me just say that Greg is the hardest person I've shopped for, ever. I stood there in the middle of Hechts holding up 2 shirts trying to decide which one looked better on him and finally after asking a sales assoc. which one would 'breathe' better on 104 degree heat on a cloudy day I settled on green - I was also thinking blue but then I realized he wears too much blue and beside if I got him blue how could I tell if it was my shirt - yellow was also an option for 5 seconds ... got it gift wrapped afterwards, that way if I suddenly lost my courage I couldn't like change my mind and chicken out being since I paid like 6.00 for gift wrap

 Sherry, also thought for a moment that Shep called him "Tricky". Nickname perhaps? Wonder what Greg's nickname was from his Marine days.

 RICK ALERT!!! Rick was just on Studio B. I thought at the end that Shep said "Later Ricky" but when I replayed it it sounded like he said "Later Tricky" I couldn't quite tell maybe someone else that watched can tell. It was funny.

 Rick was just on with Shepard. Think Shep called him "Ricky".

 Melissa and Jen, we'll all look out for a sage green polo type shirt with 2 buttons! Did you guys decide on that color? Now, did Jen call NY or Atlanta branch? Where did you guys get the number?

 Well AH, Jen called the Fox Studio and got ahold of a guy who said it was ok for her to send the shirt. And she was like "Now I"m not gonna send this and he'll come home tomorrow or anything, right?" and I guess the guy told her "No, you dont' have to worry he's gonna be there for a while." So it's official....he'll be there for a while, and we can all look out for a sage green polo type shirt (w/ 2 buttons Jen informs me)! -- Oh yeah BTW this idea is &copy copyrighted by Jen 2003 ha ha! Ok Adam is lookin' sharp today too! He's got on a navy suit with a white shirt and a powder blue tie. I think I'm just too freakin' hyper with all this sleep I got. It's making me unusally giddy/excited. LOL *does happy dance* also about Nat's reply!! He's such a sweetheart!!! *hugs Rick* speaking of Rick *still considering stealing Rick's orange tie -- evil grin* LOL or why stop there *considering stealing Rick w/ his orange tie.....in ONLY his orange tie* --- HEY Speak of the devil!! He's on right now!!! :) *edit* I think it sounded like he called Rick "tricky" but I suppose he said Ricky....makes more sense. LOL

 Jen and Melissa, tell us more about the shirt idea. How did you get the official approval? Sounds interesting!

 Wow guys a lot of posts today - I need to read them later... Nat: That e-mail was the greatest! :) *Happy dancing around the house for you* A H: I figured that's what the question is about So I am *melting* I just ate chips and salsa :) *heaven* ... went to the gym today and took a pilates class - a lot of fun - I ran into Frank the Trainer today he wasn't yelling at the girl he was training, intresting Okay chatting w/ Melissa - I still need her to hold my hand through this whole shirt thing .. check back later

 Hi all! Quite a news day on Fox! I'm just typing this and don't know if anyone has posted this already, but I just wanted to let all know the latest Fox favorites sightings. Greg was reporting from Tikrit and a mortar goes off somewhere nearby, making a huge sound like gunfire. David Asman is startled, laughing nervously, and asks if Greg is okay. Greg smiles and laughs, stating it was from the good guys. David Asman says that Greg was a Marine and as always that Greg has "nerves of steel". Interesting segment but very worried for Greg. Rick also reported today about a reporter's gripes against Reuters taking liberties in editing her article. Jen, Rita Crosby asked Greg about what he thought about the Newsweek article stating that strange things like viagra and cologne and women's handbags were found near the older hussein son. Greg smiled and said that he wasn't surprised and that they found similar things back in April, laughing somewhat embarrassedly. It was great to see him smile.

 OH Nat - you poor poor thing....the hotties are in today. Though like Jayel said...they only have small stories so they're only on for like 2 minutes at a time. Rick is wearing a dark gray suit with a white shirt and orange tie. I REALLY like his tie for some reason. Maybe I'm just being neurotic from all the sleep...I dunno but I just really really like that tie! *steals Rick's tie* LOL! Hmmmm I can't remember what Todd was wearing, a grey suit I believe....hmmmm. And Adam I only heard from the copy room. I would have come out I would have realized it was him, but I didn't hear them say Adam Housley. LOL @ "Hottie Toddie Day" guess the freezing in your tracks isn't very productive to exercising. LOL! Sherry - icky Cramps SUCK! My docotor gave me this wonder drug called Naproxen (that's probably spelled wrong) but they perscribe it for just about any kind of muscle pain/soreness. I swear I just want to kiss her evertime I take the pill and my pains disappear. lol! Sounds like you had an ok time at the concert...I know those little teenies can wail can't they? I *feel* ya about the no land/house thing. As my mother always say, "I don't want to be able to spit in my neighbors kitchen from my house" LOL Jan- I'm so sorry about the non-split screen thing. At work I can't get the split screen either. And to make things worse I can't find another blogging site that has a split screen. I may have to try and "make" my own split screen type thing. Nan - that's so funny what Greg said about being in Tirkrit, he definately deserves the story! Speaking of Greg, he's on again right now commenting raids, and how the prisoners are surprised at how decent they're being treated...also they're surprised that Saddam would release a tape so soon after his son's deaths. WOW a shot just went off and Greg jumped a little, but then laughed at himself. David was informing "all who dind't know yet" that Greg was a former Marine. And Greg had a good chuckle about that and was like "Well I can definately say my reaction last night wasn't as cool as it is today." It's so cute that Greg's smiling and laughing! Dare I say that Mr. Kelly is getting comfortable?? I do say he is! He just can't avoid it being around such a great group of FOX people. Ok, Jen ignore Amanda (joking or not) I think the shirt idea is Great! And it's even better now that we know he'll be there "for a while." Now that most of you probably have no idea what I'm talking about, I'll share some good/bad news (depending on how you look at it) about Greg. :) Friday night Jen and I somehow got on the topic of Greg's lack of shirts, and we finally decided that Jen should send him a new one! But how? So I said we should send it to Fox and have them forward it to him. But Jen did even better and got a persoal "ok" to send it to FOX, and even was notified to the fact that she won't have to worry about it getting to him or not, because he's gonna be there "for a while" so now all we have to do is wait and see if Greg actually wears it!!

 Wow the blog is happening today. Sounds like all the Fox hotties are on today. I set the recorder when I left to run all my errands so now I will watch it. Melissa - Fox has a lot of Greg's that is for sure. I know I didn't check in much yesterday and I had a ton of post to read. Nat - That picture better come this time. Maybe I'll get mine too. I recorded today so if you want me to take any pictures and email them to you let me know. I need some excuse to use that new camera of mine. I might try that knee thing for my cramps. I'm just glad I'm getting it this week and not next week when I'm in Florida. Jayel - Thanks for the hottie alert. I saw Adam first thing this mornig looking great as always. Nan - Thanks for the Rick alert.

 OK- I told ya'll that I replied earlier- so here's his reply: "went out today." YAY! I'm surprised he replied when it sounds like he's so busy (but that may explain the very short reply- either that or I've pushed it to the limit- *nervously lol* So.....that means it should be here by Thursday or Friday...... :-D OK you guys, if I don't get it this time I'm going to have to put that on my birthday wish list **wink wink nudge nudge**.....

 OMG - HOW MANY Greg's could FOX possibly have hired!?! There's a new Greg I've never seen named Greg Burke reporting from Rome at the moment...well at least the anchors don't have to learn new names. LOL Ok *reading posts* AH - I can definately say "Ballistic:Ecks vs. Sever" is REALLY bad....I had to sit through that awful movie - never again. It's almost as bad as "Josey & the Pussycats" (the movie) though they are bad in different ways. lol. I didn't even know they were having an American Idol Tour. I won't be going. The only concerts I get to go to are Hard Rock concerts because that's the kind of music my best fried likes. I *really* wanted to go to the Counting Crows/John Mayer concert last night....but I'm not gonna pay $30 to sit on a lawn seat by myself. Nat - I know about the $90,000 a year....my parents I think are over that....and $90,000 combined isn't a TON of money at all! Especially when you're paying $$$ on cars, house, credit card debt, etc etc. Greg KELLY is on right now (sorry trying to keep my Greg's straight LOL) He's reproting on the raids that have been going on......oh yummy he has the NICE looking shirt on the one w/ like 3 buttons un-done and some of that nice chest hair popping out - oh whoops did I just say yummy? - sorry Jen, I meant....yay! LOL! Oh well you don't have to worry, I'm just *happy* from all this sleep, and that nice Rick sighting earlier. =) Jen- I just listened to your message on my phone from Saturday. My phone was dead and I re-charched it this morning. You are *SO* adrable!! "Guess he will be there 'til Thanksgiving." LOL! Leslie - OMG I'm so sorry about your terrible week! My great grandma had breast cancer so I try to check once a month, even though I'm only 20. They always say early detection is the best detection, and it's curable. *sends you happy thoughts and prayers* -- I like Campaing Carl too! I remember about - maybe a month or two ago when he was reporting and some guy came up and started saying he was being too loud and that he couldn't hear....and the guy was sitting in the BACK of the auditorium, when there were clearly plenty of seats up front - It was classic! Jayel - In re: to Greg being quite the cut up when he wants to be. I forgot to share this w/ eveyone last week. But during Fox News Live Greg was reporting on the photos of Uday and Qusay and he was like "We went around showing the pictures, but obviously it wasn't their best day, they were a little bloodied up." And I had to stop in my tracks thinking "Did he just make a joke???" It was such a shock, that I just started laughing SO HARD! I mean that sounds like a comment Shep would make, not Greg! LOL! I could tell it was a joke but the tone of his voice....but neither David or Patty Ann laughed at his humor. So he didn't try to make the joke again the rest of the day. ANd YAY! About the stats! But we all knew FOX Kicked butt! Oh yeah, I had a good laugh Sunday night when I saw a Rolex commercial during the break on FOX -- they should've had a Timex commecial follow it, but that wouldn't be very PC now would it? LOL! Nat Todd is on right now! At about 10:35 (8:35 your time)! :) hopefully you recorded today! *grrr - yells at stupid people who call* My mom is off work today and a lady calls to speak to her, so I say "She's not in today, is there something I can help you with?" --- caller: "When will she be back?" --- me: "She'll be in tomorrow, but is there something *I* can help you with? --- caller "Is she off sick or something?" --- me: "She's not here today, is there something *I* can help you with?" --- I swear I feel like a broken record some days! YAY! Rick was *just* on again about 10:55! :) I got some pics this time....he changed locations though...the background was different from the first pics. This is taking forever. LOL read - reply - answer the phone - watch the tv - read some more - reply some more...LOL Jen- OMG ROFLMAO!! Was that *REALLY* what was in Uday's suitcase!!!!??? Ok, ok, I'm gonna post this for now and finish catching up in a bit....I *really* need to get some work done...

 Hottie Alert: In addition to Rick being on this morning, Adam Housley has also been on talking about the Ca. election/ Arnold, and Todd Connor was on talking about some type of volunteer project involving a creek. Greg K. has also been on. None of the stories that Rick, Adam and Todd are reporting on are big stories, but they may be on again today, so be prepared. Rick could be on Studio B if this turns out to be a rather slow news day.

 Dangit! I *knew* I should have set the VCR.....again, I thought about it and thought, nah, won't happen. Looks like my intuition is still there, though! Oh yeah- and I just sent the reply- I just said "Rick, Thanks for your reply. I will watch out for it. Natalie" Short & sweet; I wish I could've thought of more to say, but maybe that will be just right- just enough. I doubt that I will get a reply, unless it's to tell me that he sent it on (whatever day). I'll keep you posted. OK- you gals with TV access have to be vigilant now & keep us all TV-less fans what happens- the story, clothes (is it blue shirt yellow tie?) etc.......DETAILS! WE NEED DETAILS! :-D

 YES! My "Rick Sense" is very heightened today! I was watcing TV and all the sudden I was like "I need to switch it to Fox" so I did and Mr. Leventhal was on at that VERY SECOND!! I have NO IDEA what he was reporting on though LOL!....I was too busy trying to grab my camera in time. I do know it had to do with what someone wrote/said about Jessica Lynch. He was in studio, so I think it was a story that was given to him for something to do. I got 2 pics, but neither of them are very good. I'm sure I'll have a chance later on to take some pics, unless some big breaking news takes over. Anyway -- Good LORD look at you all! I miss ONE day and it's gonna take me 5 hours to catch up! I was SOOOOO tired yesterday. I didn't get to watch Fox at ALL yesterday, so I dunno if I missed Rick or not. I got home from work at 6:45 and I slept for about an hour until dinner was ready. Then I ate dinner and passed out in the living room at like 8:45, then got up and went to be at about 10:00 and slept until 7:30 this morning. I feel much more refreshed today though. I seriously need to get myself into a normal sleeping pattern. Well I'm gonna go catch up now. As I was browsing down to the last thing I read....I noticed you all said Leslie was back. Welcome BACK! We missed you!! :) Ok I'll come reply later on.

 RICK ALERT!!! He was just on (7:30am PDT), reporting a story regarding a story written by a reporter that was radically changed by Rueters. Hopefully he'll be on again. Also, who let Greg button the top button on his shirt today????? Gotta go to work

 Hey everyone! Thought I'd do a quick postie before I, uh....well start work. Oh yeah, and debating on what to say in my reply to Rick....I think I need more coffee, otherwise I'm afraid there's going to be a case of both-feet-in-mouth-itis. Sherry- Sorry you have cramps- that sucks. Hope you feel better soon- try pressing on the pressure points on the inside parts of your knees (let me see if I can describe this.....when your knees are together, there are bony parts that hit- it's just behind there- on the side of your knees). Easier to show than describe. There's a pressue point there that if you press in small movements it seems to lessen them. A trick I learned from an old ex-coworker over ten years ago. Glad you got to see Adam! :-D LOL- isn't it funny that we prolly used to scream like the teens you described at the AI concert last night? I'd prolly be embarrassed to see what I used to do..... LMAO- I thought the same thing with the tapes- I was thinking, "OK- now *when* do I get to watch them....hmmmmm...." LOL North Carolina sounds nice- quiet and calm. City life is fine, but I'm really starting to crave quiet 'country' life. I've heard it's beautiful there. I hope the house plan works out for you guys! I think I have to 'fess up- I would also check out the scene & take pics too if I knew one of the hotties was around. I'm not sure where the Fox studios are here in SF- I know our Fox affiliate KTVU is in Oakland, but I'm *sure* there's a Fox affiliate/studio in SF. Gotta go for now- I'll check in later.

 Good Morning Ladies!! Well just woke up and turned on my tv and there is Adam. What a thing to wake up too. It was cute too he was talking about the California governor race and at the end Jon Scott asked Adam if he was going to run and he smiled and laughed and said no but some of the producers were thinking of throwing their name in. He was so adorable when he smiled and laughed. Made my day since I'm having major cramps today. Ugh. Well went to American Idol concert last night. It was good but I think they sang to many slow songs. I like when they sing the fast songs in groups. Josh was not there. I had read an article a week or too ago that said he didn't get enough hours in to get leave so he wasnt going to be on the tour. That was a little disappointing. There were lots of teenagers there and boy can they scream. LOL Nat - I'm glad you got the tapes, now you have to kick your hubby out of the house for a day so you can watch non stop Rick. LOL! My hubby won't go to concerts with me. He can't stand the noise but he doesn't mind that I go so I have some friends that love to go with me so it always works out. The housing prices here is one reason I want to move to North Carolina. We love it there and you can get a nice house with land for like $175,000. We are going to live near the city so we can work in the city to make more money. If you find a house here for $300,000 you won't have any land. You look out your window and the house next to you is right there. We will just save our money for the next couple of years and when we sale our house we are going to make a huge profit since the housing market has gone up since we bought it 7 years ago. We should be able to put a lot down on our new house and have a low payment. Leslie - I'm so sorry to hear about your lump. I'll pray everything goes okay. I can feel your pain on the vet bill. My cat was sick this past January and it cost me almost $500.00 to find out that she had a gas pocket in her intestines. I love her to death and would spend any amount of money but it hits you hard. My hubby saw what you said about Angelina and he told me to tell you that he doesn't care that she is still a hottie. LOL!! Him and the guys at work have her Got Milk ad hanging in their break room at work. The stuff I use to hear about her and Billy Bob grossed me out. Nan - Sounds like you live in a small town like my mom. They only have a Walmart and have to drive 45 minutes to go to a mall. They love it. They moved like 2 years ago and the schools are much better for my brothers who are 15 and 14. The schools here are over crowded and the kids don't get the attention they need. They have improved greatly since going to smaller schools. Jayel - I might have to check out that book. I also like Brian Wilson. He covered the sniper story here in Maryland so I saw a lot of him during that time. I think he does a great job. Yes Greg does seem more laid back the past couple days. I have a feeling he doesn't want to come home and wants to be there when they catch Saddam since that would be a huge story. Jen - I watch 30 Minute Meals all the time. I love that show and she is a good host. I also like the show she does $40.00 A Day where she goes around the country and visits cities and east for $40.00 a day. That is pretty good too. Jan - If they were in my town I would definitely be going down there. I would walk by or drive by. Steve Brown is okay but if it was Jeff Goldblat or Rick or one of our other hotties then I definitely would. You could hide behind a tree across the street and take pictures. LOL!! I saw that Brad Paisley video andit is funny. Well I gotta go run errand. I'll talk to you ladies later. Bye!!!!

 OK- got to get back in tonight! :-D OMG- *How* could I *forget* Hottie Toddie today??? I was just geting ready to exercise & Shep said Todd Connor and I froze in place LOL. Nan- I noticed is curls in back too- looks like he's growing it out a little? How cute! And dress clothes in the woods again- yep, what can we say? Still looked good, but would've been better in jeans (as always seems to be the case.....). I agree- this place *is* it's own planet and I want off; there's a lot I like here geography wise, but I'm ready for 'normal' folks. What really annoys me about that amount (however small) that they take from his check is that it seems to be OK with the City to do that, but now Kevin also has to pay into his own retirement - it's a mandatory 7.5% of his pay. So we're getting that much less a month. In a way it's good- the City only put in 3%, but I just don't trust them to actually put HIS money into HIS retirement. We're going to have to watch this and make sure it's going where it's supposed to and not into someone else's pocket. Some of the City & County of SF depts are very good at doing that. It's only for a year that they're doing this, but it's just the principle that he's having to pay into his own retirement due to budget cuts & yet people still get to get their sex changes funded by other employee's earnings. Just not right at all. Jan- Ah, you got the non-split-screen effect too, huh? I have *no* idea what causes that- it's only been since they've redone Blogger that it does that- very strange. I have split screen at home & single at work. LMAO- groping in the dark & wouldn't be so bad with a Fox hottie. >;-D I'm thinking/hoping it will be tomorrow....I think I will respond to that email from Friday tomorrow to "gently remind" him of it....LOL, but I like your plan too! Loved the motto/slogan! Yeah, Rick & Todd are very much the city boys, huh! LOL! Hey- I think we have a "Big Al's" here (well, in SF) too- in the North Beach area. That *would* be very unsettling to see your own courthouse and surroundings on TV! LMAO- the Muslim Mullet! More seriously, Yeah- I keep telling myself I *must* do those self exams.....my reason for not doing it is very common but very lame as it *is* the reason to check. We should start something here, like reminding each other. Ya know, it's the married part that does it in for us really- my pay by itself is only about 1/3 of what we bring in....it's the combination of the two of ours that pushes us. Otherwise each of us on our own wouldn't meet it. I guess that's the good thing about living together, but we were really at that point to say "I do"- we were prolly there 4 years ago, but only got married two years ago this coming January. Jen- You *are* having a odd sightings week so far, aren't you? LOL! Got your email- don't worry! I like getting your emails! :-D I'll reply tomorrow- I gotta catch some zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz's I'll check in with ya'll tomorrow- hopefully I'll have some good news! I'm going to sleep on my reply to his reply Friday about the photo follow up. Needs to be short but catchy. And ya'll know I'm not pithy..... LOL!

 Jan - I did see Perioa on tv today. The Muslim Mullet, LOL Can't think of anytime our little town has ever made the national news. I would definitely be a drive by stalker if any of the Fox Hotties came here. I'm not much of a paparazzi, I like to do my "appreciation" from afar. I had to laugh when I saw Todd in dress clothes today too, though I also noticed his curls. I've heard that in large metropolitan areas, the surrounding small towns have the better schools. The boys elementary school was great. It didn't have a lot of resources, but they had a GATE program with wonderful teachers for each grade. The teachers worked together and so advancing from one grade to the next was done seamlessly. The also planned lots of field trips to expose the kids to a world outside our small community. Hubby does have one single friend, but he is quite the "womanizer". He was a womanizer even while married. Nice guy, good looking, has money, but has severe problem with monogamy. 3 out of 4 in this case isn't good enough. Sorry. But I'll keep on eye out for you. Jayel - I like Brian Wilson too. During the war coverage, right after the Dixie Chicks had made their infamous comment, Brian was handling the late night coverage. Anyway, all serious, he remarked that Fox News had found where the coalition forces could find Saddam, and then they showed this picture of the Dixie Chicks with Saddam right smack dab in the middle of them with his arm around them. It was so hilarious. He was so deadpan setting it up. Greg K is also hoping his the one that will be on the scene when the find Saddam. I saw him on Fox & Friends and he said the reason he's in Tikrit is to out do Steve Centanni. Thanks for keeping us updating on the ratings. I look forward to them. Nat - Only in SF would they have a tax to pay for sex changes. That place is it's own planet. LOL My brother lives in San Mateo, and he says he likes it when he gets over the Altamont Pass and can pick up radio stations from the Valley and hear reality. Tioo tired to think anymore. Have a great night!

 Nat: It was strange for me to see him that car too! Esp. since it was parked next to an old car and I really thought he was going to get into that but nope ol' Father Pat jumped into his Mustang and sped off - so a Priest w/ a Mustang and an old lady and the naughty lingere section at Hechts - yes this weekend has been strange Jan: Ooo Jan...that hair thing. You wound me to the quick...but I'ma let that one slide, for now lol but I also agree with you about him just getting use to his job. I don't know what he was smiling or embarassed about (as goes with Rita Crosby) but if he was talking about what was in Uday's suitcase (his bachelor suitcase) I don't see how you couldn't find some humor in Uday Hussein carrying around Viagra and condom..I'd be worried if he was serious about it Okay earlier I ran my mouth about 30 minute meals w/ Rachel Ray and how she made a lot of good Mexican food - now I can't eat nachos but I can eat chips - she made some "healthy" homemade salsa..I might try that but I'll have to look at my red notebook of food to eat to see if I can Might check back later if I catch Melissa on AIM if not have a good night you guys :)

 OK- gotta catch up! Sherry- Going to shows for you is about the same for me- we're about half hour 45 min. north of SF- parking is a major pain- and pricey- about the same as yours. We don't get out much (really- seriously)- the only shows we've gone to see are Tori Amos & that's 'cause I dragged him with me LOL. Actually he likes a lot of her stuff. Poor guy had to go to three of her concerts within a 4 month time period. ;-D. You know, that's what I really like about our little group- I think a lot of us feel like we're in the same boat and it's nice to be able to vent it out. LOL- they really hit a raw nerve with me this AM- that just really blew my mind. It sounds like your housing prices are about the same there as here. I think the median price here in the SF Bay area is somewhere in the neighborhood of $450,000. And you're lucky to get any land with it and not have neighbors *right* next to you. We didn't want to be house poor either- we could have done it, but we definitely wouldn't have the ability to save money. Don't you just love "mystery taxes"? Here they have something called "Mello-Roos" tax assessment which "is an area where a special tax is imposed on those real property owners within a Community Facilities District". Whatever *that* is. All I know is that I've heard it's a lot. MD sounds like the CA of the east as far as housing & taxes go! Sounds like you're in a sea of liberalism there too.....I'd be afraid to tell anyone around here (in the Bay Area- neighbors, co-workers, etc) for fear of being bashed. Leslie- Again, I'm sorry to hear you had a terrible week- all that in one week's time- you poor gal! I hope Charlie's doing better and I hope *YOU'RE* doing better! I have a good feeling about you though- it's that intuition- you're a strong gal & I *know* you'll come out the winner. I'm sorry to hear about Sarah's teacher's baby & your mayor. It's always sad when babies die. You really had a rough emotional week! I hope things look up for you from here on out- like I said before, you'll be in my prayers. LMAO- KidLight- all the fun, none of the responsibility! So true.... Oh my....rabbits.... Ah, your description hit the nail on the head for the water gushing sound! Yeah- can't happen during the daytime, huh! I told Kevin I just may consider doing the reverse immigration and go back to Ireland if that ever happened (Clinton/Pelosi). I know what you're talking about- we were just wondering that the other day.....did he leave yet? LOL! Nan- Welcome to the club! :-p Although I'm not happy to be in that loop, or at least happy that someone or some group out there thinks we're "rich" LOL. Know what you mean about pools being a necessity- AZ was the same way. Yuck. LOL- the dairy smell! Definitely ripe. That sounds terrible- and you're right- it's a vicious circle to get ahead- the budget cuts don't help you at all either. I agree- these congressmen couldn't do it on what our bracket brings in. OMG- I *know* what you're saying about the food stamps- that gets me *every* time. I just have to hold my breath & hope I don't explode. You gals want to hear a good one? The City & County of SF takes out a quarter of one percent of each of his paychecks that goes to a fund for City & County of SF employees AND their so called significant others- which does count here- to have......SEX CHANGES. This is a *MANDATORY* deduction that we have no choice over. THAT one gets my Irish up every time. And YET, they won't cover fertility types of things (like if you're trying to have a baby and need additional tests or invitro, etc.) AND they still are making this mandatory even though the C & C of SF is in as much deep doodoo as the state. It's bad enough that if I'm brought into an emergency room that the illegal would prolly get immediate attention over me, but we have to put up with this too. **skulks off soapbox now** I will definitely post immediate upon receipt of the coveted package- hopefully tomorrow?? I think I remember hearing about Rick being in Afghanistan for just a short time....until Geraldo arrived on the scene LOL! Flying was scary- but for some reason it was the trip back. I made a lot of deals with God on that flight. Lots & lots of praying. We went to TX to visit his parents- so yeah it was fun at least, and REALLY good food.....his mom COOKS. I'm looking forward to going back this November- but we'll be driving; same as last year. Wow, your hubby sounds like a good asset to fight against any danger! How sweet!!! :-D Jen- I'm having a hard time seeing a Priest driving a Mustang, but I guess they all have to drive something though! I guess I always envision an older car, or something not so sporty for some reason. Ah, don't listen to Amanda. I think it's a *great* idea!! Jayel- I'm going to have to check out Pat Buchanan's book that you mentioned. You have me really curious now, especially since I'm wrestling with the same question to have or not to have.... Yep- it was I who couldn't remember or place Eric Shawn....I'm going to have to watch for him. Your description is hilarious! I like Brian Wilson too (like you said, not a hottie, but a good anchor), but I missed Tony Snow this past weekend. The suitcase was funny. I hope Greg Kelly gets the next big story (Saddam) there too- Steve had his day, time for Greg Kelly (BTW, I've learned I have to be specific with wishes- LOL If I just say Greg, it'll end up being Palkot). It is definitely the end of an era with the loss of Bob Hope. It's just sad 'cause it's a whole different time, particularly morale wise. Definitely the end of an era. Great stats! Fox is kickin' their butts!! :-D OK- I gotta go- I'll catch up on tonight's posts tomorrow morning. Kevin's gotta use the computer for a change. I'll catch ya'll tomorrow! Have a great one!

 Ok, so I post that last one and now my screen is a split screen again....what is going on??? Is it me? Sherry, while I too am somewhat saddened by the death of Bob Hope, I am also getting a little tired of it. The channels should just regroup and come up with a fitting tribute to show on-and-off throughout the week. I don't even see the need for hourly updates...at the risk of sounding non-respectful, he's still gonna be dead. I only say 'somewhat' saddened, because he was 100 years old, and that is a long and, for the most part, healthy life. I truly admire what he did for the troops, even in the 'unpopular' wars. He risked his life to support our team. I think he was a true Hero, and he will be missed...Have fun at the concert. I didn't get into this American Idol as much as I was in the first one. If any of you ever watch country music videos, Brad Paisly has one where he is a contestant on a 'mock' Idol set with William Shatner as the 'Simon' character, the video is a riot... Nan, your husband sounds like a great guy....does he have any single friends???? Tell him to stay safe....I would LOVE to have a swimming pool, but in Central Illinois we would have about 3 1/2 months that it would be practical...the rest would just be maintenance and I'm too lazy for that....I'm in a much lower tax bracket than you gals are, but I'm not married and it's not so expensive to live here. There are areas of town that are in the $300,000 and higher range, but there are a lot under $100,000. Actually our small towns around here are more expensive than living in town, but that's because the schools are much better in the small towns. If I had kids to educate, I would not be living where I am if I could help it. My parents always made sacrifices (such as driving to work 45 minutes each way) so that my sister and I could go to good schools. I now realize how much I appreciate that. Jayel, I don't think Greg has much hair to let down....(sorry Jen), I do agree he seems more relaxed. Maybe it's just getting used to the job. I like Brian Wilson too, and not just because of his name....

 Hi Gals, I signed on to blogger yesterday and today to find it totally different for me, I never understood what you were talking about when some of you would say you didn't have the split screen, now I know, and I don't like it one bit. Is there any way to get back to the split screen? I have not altered my computer at all. I feel like I'm groping in the dark....wouldn't be so bad with a Fox hottie...but here it sucks! Natalie, you HAVE to get your pic this week, otherwise, me and all the other Gals are going to deluge his in-box with not-so-subtle reminders....United We Stand fellow LevenGals....(divided, we just embarrass ourselves) HotToddie was on Fox Report today, and HE was walking through the woods in dress clothes, apparently he gets his clothing advice from Rick......They're such city boys..... Hey, did you see Peoria on today??? Steve Brown was downtown! He was actually standing across from our courthouse, and had it been Rick...I would not be here now. Actually, I would be too chicken to do anything, but I MIGHT actually have driven by to see what I could see... I bet Stevo is spending the evening in our World Famous Adult Nightclub----Big Al's. It's right downtown, near the courthouse as a matter of fact. That was a little unsettling to see 'my' courthouse on Fox. The whole of downtown is only about 7 blocks by 7 blocks, and it is literally only about 10 minutes from my driveway. The story was on the suspected terrorist Al Marri, or as my sister calls him, the Muslim Mullet.... Leslie, how scary for you, but now, how relieving....I am so happy it's not malignant. I have a history of breast cancer in my family, so we've been through a few scares and one 'real deal'. Thankfully my aunt is doing great now, she's been cancer free for about 7 years.....My medical prognosis is not so much IF, but WHEN and WHERE...Believe me, I'm doing all I can to NOT let it happen. Nat, you should really do some preventative measures, it's much easier to catch it early, than to let it go.... Jen, I also love deviled eggs, they're practically a staple in my family, and definately always at family functions....Keep trying to get that protein bar down....No more Oompas..... I really don't like this screen set up, because I know I'm missing some people, so let me post this and go back and re-read.

 Okay this post is a little abstract but I'm tryin' to kill sometime before I can drink some liquids... Okay I have found the love of my life and it's called 30 minute meals on Food Network - I bow to that show and Rachel Ray ... today she made these "Uber nachos" and *still drooling over it* I got a new credit card today and before I could enjoy it I found out that the company already took 178.00 in fees! I was like "Just when I think I'm getting ahead..." Today's food fest wasn't so great - I had a hot dog which was great but "lunch" was intresting at first I tried frozen chicken tenders but *yuck* then frozen speghetti and meatballs *yuck* I just had a deviled egg but even that wasn't as good as yesterday ... maybe we have something else for later tonight Tomorrow I'm going to try tortilla chips - after I go the gym (counter productive I know) and finally paying off my late fees at Blockbuster - I had the money this weekend but :( decided to go shirt shopping instead... I talked to my non-encouraging best friend Amanda today - and she (Nat, Leslie & Melissa) thought my shirt was nuts and nothing good will come of it - it's kinda sad but I can never decide if she's being serious or joking... Hmmm all this talk of Greg being on Greta and Rita these past few days I guess I'll have to watch Fox after The Factor tonight .... Check back later

 Cable News Ratings for Friday, 7/25: O'Reilly: 1.6 Hannity & Colmes: 1.4 Greta: 1.3 Shep: 1.2 Brit: 1.1 Larry King: .8 Aaron Brown: .5 Paula Zahn: .4 Hardball: .4 I believe that both O'Reilly and Shep were off last Friday, so it's interesting that Fox Report had ratings that were almost as high as Greta's, in addition to Fox Report not being in as favorable a time slot as Greta's show. Paula Zahn continues to lose out badly against O'Reilly. Hardball was MSNBC's highest rated show on 7/25. The number of all television viewers is lower on Friday nights than on any other night, except Saturday.

 Leslie - I'm so sorry that you've had such a bad week, but very relieved that the lump was non-malignant. We've all missed you. I thought that you might have decided to become a big-time politician and had deserted all of us "little people." Lol! Sherry - Before you decide on whether or not to have children, you may want to read "The Death of the West" by Pat Buchanan. In fact, I highly recommend this very thought- provoking and fascinating book to everyone, not just those pondering the question of whether or not to have children or how many to have. Several of you have commented on Eric Shawn, and I think that it was Natalie who couldn't place him. He's a frankly nerdy looking guy with glasses and when he's going after a story, he's as persistent as a buzzing mosquito. He isn't on very often for some reason. He was amusing when he kept following the Iraqi ambassador to the U.N. around trying to get him to answer questions. Recently, Shep mentioned the Iraqi ambassador and cracked, "Eric Shawn still misses him." Eric also did a story one day on a meeting being held by Democrats, and someone kept coming around to complain that he was talking too loudly and was interfering with the speakers on stage. Eric was standing in the back of the room and wasn't talking loudly at all. I think that the Democrats just didn't like him because he was from Fox News. Like Eric Shawn, Brian Wilson isn't a hottie, but I like him very much. He's laid back and has a nice sense of humor. My memory is a little fuzzy on this, but just before or just after the war started, Brian was talking with Greg K. (I think that it was Greg.) At the end of the report, Greg had a slip of the tongue and referred to Brian as "Sir." Brian said that just because Greg was embedded, that it wasn't necessary for him to address Brian as "Sir." Everybody got a laugh out of that. Greg K. has seemed more relaxed for the last couple of days and has actually smiled in addition to being serious the way that he usually is. (It was fun to see his reaction to the items found in Uday's briefcase.) I suspect that he's quite the cut-up when he has the chance to let his hair down. My theory is that he's so serious because he's trying to make up for getting a late start in the journalism field and is working very hard to establish himself. Since Rick isn't in Iraq, I hope that Greg will be the reporter on the scene when Saddam is found. Steve Centanni has already has his big story with Uday and Qusay, and Greg P. just isn't a particular favorite. This is definitely not been a good day overall for the hotties, but possibly tomorrow will be better and will include some Rick time. Isn't it unfortunate that there's no entertainer around today who's willing to entertain the troops the way that Bob Hope did. I think that the U.S. is going to be in one conflict or another for years to come and having visits from a top name entertainer would probably be a morale booster. The fact that we don't have a modern day Bob Hope demonstrates how left-wing and unpatriotic that the entertainment industry has become. Perhaps Jay Leno will pick up the mantle.

 Hey gals! Well, somehow my lunch hour flew by & I didn't get a chance to post. Had some stuff to wait in line for at the PO (NO, not the photo....unfortunately!). Sherry- I *did* get the package- thanks again!! :-D Nothing delivered so far at work....but I did have a strange premonition (intuition).....all of a sudden either yesterday or today, I was able to somehow *know* that we were getting more photos from my hubby's daughter of her baby and lo & behold, in the box today was a card from her with photos (and they had moved, which was another hunch)....Now, when I get these feelings, I try not to 'test' it by thinking of a whole bunch of things I'm wondering about at once. I have to really direct it, otherwise it's no good. Anyway, I directed to the photo, and I *really* think this time he'll remember to send it. I'm having a feeling that it will be either today or tomorrow; since today's already come & gone for mail call, maybe it'll be tomorrow. I haven't replied to his email yet- maybe tomorrow if I haven't received it- just to be nice & reply but also to jog the "man memory"- LOL- I think we all know here what *that* is.....they gotta be reminded from time to time. OK- I'm five minutes past my lunch- gotta hop to the dang VRPs again (still haven't finished...but getting closer). I'll chat with ya'll later & read & reply to posts then.

 Leslie - What a week you had, you poor girl. Every woman's worst nightmare, a lump. So glad everything turned out ok. My step-daughter, had several non-malignant lumps removed in January and said it was "no big deal". I pray that will be the case for you too. I would have trouble telling my husband too. Why is it that we women insist on being the "worriers" and don't want anyone to worry about us? My heart goes out to Sarah's teacher. Losing a child, sad. Know this, I could never be angry enough at anyone on this blog to send out Geraldo to find them. Besides, you Texans, shoot first, ask questions later. I thought maybe you were hang out in Shep's sleeping bag waiting for his return. LOL Grandchildren, that's just what I keep telling him. His daughter will be 29 in October, if only she were married we could have already had them. I'm glad we don't though, not ready to hear myself being called Nana just yet. Not sure what killed my thyroid, though it is deader than a doornail. Just pop my little blue pill every morning and I'm good to go. Can relate to falling asleep, when diagnosed, the doctor kept repeating, "I have no idea have you've been functioning", told him we women are tough, argh, argh. Rabbit, LOL. The cat has tried to bring her "present" in the house a few times but was thwarted before making it past the laundry room. If only she didn't love me so much. I too, kept voting for Josh!! I'm sure the tour isn't quite the same without him. Haven't heard of Alec Baldwin's relocation plans yet, but I'll donate $10 to help with the expenses. Hope this week is better and will keep you in my prayers for the lumpectomy.

 Afternoon everyone! Didn't have to yell at Melrose yet but the show isn't over - did catch that one ER where Lucy died - that was sad, made me cry :( Leslie: Soo ooo glad everything went okay with you this morning! I got your e-mail..thanks for letting me know everything is okay ... oh I can't wait to see you AIM to tell you all about the insanity which was shirt shopping A H: So what was this mysterious question that made him embarassed? You've got *me* curious ... Ballistic is prolly the worst movie I've seen since..well I don't think I've ever seen a movie as bad as that Nat: Deviled eggs are good - and eggs are good for protein so I was happy to know I could eat a whole one ... it's okay about AIM - I'm sure I'll come up with something to tell you about during the week on e-mail Sherry: Thanks for the well wishes for this week - It did take me a few extra minutes to get going this morning mainly because this weekend was crappy but it is 1:20 and I haven't passed out from lack of energy so hopefully it'll go okay Went to church today and couldn't find any candles to light but did run into my Priest in the parking lot - he drives a Mustang... So Greg is in Tikrit now? Intresting..they are really moving him around - since he's going to be there for a while (trust me a while) it makes sense...

 I just thought I'd pop in for a sec....I'll respond more later. Leslie, girl I'm so sorry to hear what all went on last week!! My heart goes out to you and you will be in my prayers. That is so scary to find a lump. (OK- it's gonna get a little personal here------>) I know that we women are supposed to check monthly, but I never have. My reason is the number one reason: It scares me to death that if I do, I will find something- which is the whole point of doing the self exams, I know. If there's ANYTHING we can do, let us know- we're here for you. Keep the faith- you *do* have Someone looking out for you. I'll reply more later, I just really had to say that.

 Nat/Sherry - Just like you, we're in that same tax bracket. We pay in taxes what we used to earn in a year, and our standard of living hasn't changed that much. We do live in a nice new neighborhood now. Most of the homes have swimming pools and newer cars in the garage. But as it has been over 100 degrees for almost 3 weeks now, pools are more of a necessity than a luxury. Housing costs is why we live in this small rural town (42,000), where the demographics makes us a minority. It wasn't that way when we moved here 16 years ago, but as you know CA (particularly central CA) is a prime destination for illegals because of our agricultural. Of course, wages here are very low. As a self-emloyed accountant, I would earn about 2 to 3 times in a more urban area than I do here. I think the annual median income is less than $25,000. We have NO shopping. Costco and a mall is about 30 miles away. But they are rural miles through corn and cotton fields and by dairies. Not bad except sometimes the dairies can smell, well, rather "ripe", but let's not go there. Being self-employed I have to pay all of the social security and medicare taxes myself and have no health or retirement benefits. Fortunately, my hubby works for the state and has those benefits that cover all of us. Though we do now have to pay more for our health insurance and contribute a larger part of his retirement than in previous years and with no raise for almost 5 years, his monthly take home has decreased. To compensate, he works a lot of overtime (about 1000 hrs a year), but then our gross income increases, which means our taxes increase, so it's a vicious circle to get ahead. He's eligible to retire at the end of 2004, and may take that option and then get into a different business. He's considering real estate appraisal, where he can work fairly normal hours, make $$$ and draw his retirement. At that point, we may just up and leave this state. I would love those congressman that say we're "rich" try and live on our TAKE HOME and see how well they like it. To afford college for our boys, I went back to work full-time. Though we don't do without necessities and have some of what people would consider luxuries, we work our butts off for every cent. It is very frustrating after a tough day at work (especially during tax season) to be in line at the grocery store behind someone paying with food stamps, not speaking english and buying soda, candy and prepared meals instead of the less costly ingredients to make it themsleves. OK, done now - Sherry - on a lighter note - I saw Adam this morning too. We'll probably being seeing more of him in the coming days because of Bob Hope's death. Sad, cried this morning. Being on the west coast, I've only seen about an hour of coverage, but I'm sure by tonight I'll be like you and be tired of it. Nat - Hope that TODAY IS THE DAY!!!!! You have to post immediately upon receiving the coveted package. Rick was in Afghanistan? I don't really much about that coverage except Geraldo. He seemed to be everywhere. My hubby, Kim is at the fire in Kern County. He said it's pretty much out and should be home tomorrow. Yeah, Costco can be stressful. Even though I didn't feel that well on Saturday, I went anyway because next Saturday is the 2nd of the month and well the lines will be to the back of the store. Since Costco is about a 40 minute drive the weekends are about the only time I can go unless I take off early on a Friday. Flying right after Sept 11th must have been harrowing. I hope you went somewhere fun. Not sure I would have had your courage. When we fly, I always make Kim (my hubby) pay attention to the safety lecture and scope out the exits so in case of an emergency, he can lead the way. Now with the scare of terrorists on flights, I've told him from now on he will have to sit on the aisle. He has a black belt in Ju Jit Su and can well, disarm anyone and I mean anyone. Doesn't matter the size. I've seen him subdue a huge guy on PCP (just like Rodney King) that was fighting with two cops. We were driving past and stopped so he could lend a hand. He had the guy in cuffs in seconds. I don't think I really understood the magnitude of his capabilities until that day. He's my hero and makes me feel safe wherever we are. Well, the only thing good about it being Monday is that Shep will be on today and maybe Nat will get her picture. Yea!!! I better get some work done, can't bill clients for posting on the blog. I'll check in later, have a great Monday everyone!

 Hey Ladies! I'm Baa-ack! Thank you so much for your concern about my untimely disappearance, but last week was hell. So much to deal with, I'll run it down quickly. Sunday, Charlie caught herself on barbed wire and opened a two inch gash on her left flank, 3 hours and $172 at the vet. Sunday night, found lump in left breast. Monday dr, Thursday needle biopsy, results this morning non-malignant pre-cancerous tumor, lumpectomy scheduled for Aug. 21. Emotions run last week, fear, anger, helplessness, more anger, denial (mixed with a bottle of Merlot can be very effective anesthesia.) Emotions today, happy, gratitude, relief, might have to try the Captain Morgan's thing and party tonight. Sarah's teacher's 6-week old baby girl died Wednesday morning, Mayor of Panhandle died Wednesday night. Went to both funerals on Friday. Spent Saturday moving my grandma into hospice, Sunday confessing to Roy what is going on medically. Spent Sunday night making up to him for not telling him sooner. This morning things settled down enough physically, mentally and emotionally for me to come back here and make my presence felt. Once again, thanks for missing me. On a darker note, DO NOT send Geraldo to look for me. I have a stun gun and I'm not afraid to use it. Quick notes in response to some of your postings this last week. Nan - One word for you and your husband: grandchildren. KidLight - all the fun, none of the responsibility. You guys probably don't have too many more years to wait. I also suffer from hypothyroidism. First clue: falling asleep in the toilet at work with my forhead resting on the toilet paper. Repeatedly. Pregnancy killed my thyroid. Still carrying the weight I gained with Sarah. Actually lost weight with Jaylee. Hyperemetosis. Killer Oompas. My dog keeps bringing us rabbits and rabbit parts. Sarah got a hold of one and brought it into the house. "Look, rabbit." At a glance, I thought it was one of her toys. The blood dripping from it's mouth begged a closer look. Ah, kids. Are you sure you don't want another one? Jan - So glad you're not TB positive. That could really wreck your social life. Famous TB sufferers: Doc Holliday (one of Val Kilmer's best roles), Satine from Moulin Rouge (probably one of the most attractive cases of "consumtion"), and I believe Queen Victoria died of TB. Or syphillis, which is something I'm thinking you're not too worried about. Sherry - so you're husband fancies Angelina Jolie. Just remind him with whom she was last "intimate" and that should gross him out enough. I would have liked to see the American Idol concert, but only if Joshua Gracin was able to participate. I knew he wasn't the best up there, but darned if I didn't try to keep him going. God bless redial. Nat - I've heard that "sssssss-POP-gush" sound at 3 in the morning. Both girls were home with pink eye and the hot water hose to the kitchen sink ruptured. I was getting their meds when it blew. Couldn't see to turn it off under the sink so had to turn the intake to the hot water heater off and wait for it to empty into the kitchen floor. Why don't these things ever happen during daylight hours? Glad to hear you have a good sump pump. Jayel - I loved Eric Shawn's "total coverage" of the Iraqi ambassador. The other guy I love to watch that is underappreciated is Campaign Carl. You don't have to be gorgeous to be a FOX Hottie. As for an apocolyptic world in which Hillary is POTUS and Pelosi is Gov of California, I'll take a page out of Alec Baldwin's book and threaten to move out of the country. So has anybody heard when he's planning on leaving? Does anybody even know what I'm talking about? I'm starting to ramble, so I'll end this and post. It's good to be back.

 Nat - OMG - We are so much alike it is crazy. Your little rant was great and I so feel the same way. I'm in about the same income/tax bracket as you and it is sooooo frustrating. While I do own a house I would like to move and have more land and stuff but I can't afford it. I single family house here (in a decent neighborhood) is about $300,000 to start if your lucky. I'm sorry but I don't want to be house poor. I just got my property taxes bill and of course it went up again. They said the actual rate doesn't go up but our assessed value went through the roof so it went up. We also have to pay a fire tax which I wouldn't actually mind paying if the money I paid went to my fire department but no it doesn't. Who the hell knows where it goes. Maryland of course is not as taxed as California but we are in the top 5 in the country. We finally got a Republican governor elected last year for the first time since the late 60's and early 70's and we were all excited. His big thing was to make slot machines legal to bring in money so taxes won't have to be increased. I was all for this. The thing is we have slots in West Virginia and Delaware (all within an hours drive) and all the Maryland citizens take their hard earned money to these states when they could be spent at ours. It was going to generate a ton of income. Well of course the democrats in the house voted against the slots. Our state is primarly democrat (except maybe my county - which is very conservative). I think they are going to put it on the ballot for vote by the public in 2004 but then it wouldn't take effect until 2005. Okay my rant is done. I saw Adam this morning so I'm a happy girl. He was doing a little thing on Bob Hope. Okay while I know it is a big news story that he died I'm really getting tired of it. It is now 11:18am and that is the only story they have covered since about 9:05am. Can they just do hourly updates.

 Hey all! I was going to post last night after I copied some stuff on to CD, but I was having so much trouble (had to reboot-like hard reboot- at least seven times within a half hour or so) that I just wanted to put the dang thing away. I think that frustration came out in a dream last night- just a snippet of me trying to download/save a Fox news report (from Todd I think) to disc, and then I was getting multiple copies w/o meaning to....it didn't make much sense other than the fact that I was having so many problems anyway with my laptop. I'm sad and highly irritated at the same time; not a good way to start off a Monday. It looks like Bob Hope died last night- I know he was 100, but it's the end of an era. It seems like there's been a lot of the old era lost this year so far. Like *major* people. Bob Hope, Gregory Peck, Katherine Hepburn....I'm sure there are other major ones that I'm forgetting. I'm irritated 'cause we were hearing on the radio this AM that if you make $90,000/year (and this is *combined* income) that you're in the top 10% and you pay 67% of the tax. Now, we're in that range, just barely, and yet, gee- why can't we afford the things we *should* be able to afford then if we're so "rich"??? Unless we bust our asses & work a ton of OT, we can't afford to buy a house remotely close to work, we can't really afford to have kids- why? Oh YEAH- I forgot.....'CAUSE WE HAVE TO PAY FOR PEOPLE WHO *DON'T* WORK AND WHO GET SOMETHING FOR *NOTHING*! argh. *NOT* a good thing for me to hear and set me off on Monday. I'm at the point where I tell my parents that they will prolly not have grandkids from me 'cause we can't afford to 'cause we're paying for all the illegals who run over the border, have their kids for free, and then *stay* because their kids are so-called "citizens"; or they have them here for free & run back over the border. Ok- gotta get off that subject FAST.....*reluctantly steps down soapbox* Oh yeah, and the usual runarounds at work. I'm getting dizzy from all the circles I keep having to run around in. :-p *MAYBE* just *MAYBE* today will be the day.....I haven't replied yet- I figure I'd reply to his email today or tomorrow, that way if he forgot to send it, it'll be kind of a "nudge, nudge". Melissa- Great to see ya back! We've missed you! Now if we can just get Leslie to resurface.... ;-D LMAO about the capitalized "SO" too. (Then I started thinking more about what that meant....I've finally decided that it is what it is- that he's sorry- LOL- see what happens with me when I stress out? I start picking apart *everything*.) I saw him w/o the skanky boonie- he was boonie-less LOL. But it was the coverage that we first saw his hair again. LOL- I have that book (The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants) but haven't read it- but I know the concept. ROFLMAO- could you just see us now? The comments are there again- yay! I just love going back & reading the old stuff..... now if I can just get my archives in my own blog to work....I don't know what they did during the conversion, but I haven't done anything to it so I assume it's from what they (Blogger) did. Sherry- Sounds like you had a busy weekend! I'm not much of a Rum drinker- there's something that's too strong about the taste of it. Maybe I just need the right combination, 'cause the drinks you mentioned sound good. Urgh- floppies. It took me forever last night to get that done- and I still have a lot to go, but hopefully the ones I have left are more reliable. I think they are 'cause they're newer and most of what's on them came from work done on my laptop or my work computer. The older ones were from older computers- one good & one crappy. I know what you mean about not being sure and yet not wanting to wait much longer for kids. I'm in that same spot- I really like the freedom, but sometimes I feel like I'm missing out on something "bigger" in life. But I really don't know if I'm the "mommy type" either. I get squeamish when kids have tummy troubles, and I'd prolly be one of those moms who worry too much. But, you never know till you try it- I could end up having a totally different opinion! I think Kevin thinks about it more than I do. Jen- Mmmmm I *love* deviled eggs! My grandma makes them every year for my sister & I when we go to AZ for the holidays. I'm sorry you're not having luck with the protein bars & that the oompas haven't packed up & left for good! I saw Greg a couple of times yesterday- I think it was mainly earlier (well earlier for me) in the day & maybe early afternoon.....I know he was on this AM as we were going out the door (9:00 your time). It was the kinda shiny black shirt (or dark blue? hard for me to tell....). Sorry I didn't get on AIM yesterday like I had wanted to, but the computer had other plans..... Nan- You've been busy too! We've learned that it's less stressful to go to Costco after work during the week rather than on the weekend. Just too many people. It *is* a great feeling knowing that pretty much everything is done. I haven't felt that in awhile- but I'm making progress on my stuff & as they say it's not the end of the road, but rather the journey in getting there that's important. I really have to keep reminding myself of that- with home & work as well. I heard about the fire in Riverside County- it sounded like it was fairly large- is that the one he went to? You know, I was musing this morning that I prolly remember more of the shots & some of Rick's commentary from that day more than I remember he himself. I remembered that scene where people were running and then the guy (presumably Rick) ducked down in front of the car when all the debris blew by. I remember that he kept talking pretty much the whole time it was happening.....so that was Rick, huh? Wow. I saw that documentary too- that was so moving. I definitely don't remember when he was in Afghanistan- but we were out of town for a bit during that time and I was in school. That was the last time I flew- Oct. 2001- right about the time the Anthrax scares happened. I bought the airline tickets Sept 5 or Sept. 6, and going through with the trip was prolly one of the hardest decisions I have ever made. Arthur Kent (AKA "the ORIGINAL Scud Stud" LOL) was cute too- I'll always remember how he was on a roof and everytime something went off, he'd duck, but still be talking LOL. I can't remember, but I know my mother in law has either hypo or hyperthyroidism- but I'm leaning toward the hypo one. I know she takes pills for it. My sister had an enlarged thyroid for a short time, but to my knowledge she hasn't had any other problems. That must be so frustrating, but it sounds like you take it in stride. Yikes! BOTH Michael & Ariana??? That'd be scary, but yeah, you're right- could be humorous too! Good points about not knowing when to start a family- my mother in law says "it's not the having them, it's the raising them". I just had to say "AWWWW" when I read the last sentence "And of course God was right, he is a blessing and can't imagine my life without him." How sweet! a- I saw Rita on, but wasn't paying attention I don't think...either that or she was on after my hubby gained control of the remote LOL! It *was* really great coming in on Friday & seeing that email there. It was one of those anticipation moments- both when I opened Outlook & then when I saw it there. I think I read another email first- I guess I was kinda afraid to see what it said LOL. Made *me* smile! OK- I really gotta get to work.....I'll check in with ya'll later.

 Good Morning!! Bob Hope died. They have been covering it on Fox News Live for about an hour. No other news on so no hotties. I did see Greg though reporting from Tikrit. AH - Hecht's is a dept store. It is similiar to Macy's. They have great one day sales. Nan - I'll pray that your hubby gets home soon and he stays safe. I didn't watch much of the first Americn Idol either (just the last two episodes) but got addicted to the second one. I like the first couple of episodes were all the deadbeats are trying out. They are pretty funny. Well luckily I'm only like 45 minutes north of DC so I don't have to go too far to see most shows. And it is nice because we can ride the Metro train and it takes us right next door to the MCI Center. Which is great since it cost like $20-$25 to park and the train is only $5.00. I also refuse to drive in the city because the traffic is insane. I usually watch Survivor but couldn't get into this one. Jen - Hope you are feeling better today and this week will be better. It does sound like you are getting to eat more. Well I gotta go but I'll post more later.

 Hi all. Did anyone catch Rita Crosby's interview with Greg yesterday? One of her questions for Greg, I think, made Greg somewhat embarrassed. Greg smiled quite a lot yesterday in several reports. Jen, how terrible is "Ballistic:Ecks vs. Sever"? Nat, it must be a cool feeling to get that Rick email in a sea of work emails. Sherry, what is Hecht's?

 *emerges from a deep summer nap* Evening everyone Sherry: I got your last message you sent me - hopefully yes it will pass its just this weekend did *not* go how I wanted it to (i.e. well) but I hold out hope for the week Nan: Thanks for the well-wishes :) Mr. Ooompa is a pain in the rear Nat: Were you on AIM today? I dunno I've slept most of the day so if I missed you I'm sorry - hopefully we'll get to talk later on this week either e-mail on AIM ... I truly hope you've got a Rick-tastic picture waiting for you tomorrow :) I had hope that if watched this movie 'Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever' for the second time (this time still a bit sleepy) that it would be better - no luck it's still as bad as it was when I was lucid Okay I had more witty stuff to say but still a bit loopy - if anything comes to me I'll edit this

 Hi Everyone! This weekend has been very relaxing. Feeling better now. Did the Costco thing yesterday, church this morning, then the grocery thing. Last load is now in the dryer and the house is clean. Always satisfying to get all the chores done. My hubby called and may be home in a few days. He left last Monday am for a fire somewhere north of us and is now at a fire somewhere south of us. So, the coming week is looking up. Nat - Yup, that was Rick and his "non-union" camerman. I even checked with my son to be sure (he and I both are Fox addicts). I think that one of the brothers working with NYFD that day was actually in one of the towers as it started to come down. I remember seeing the documentary and he was inside the lobby with the NYFD commanders. He and other FD officials were actually stuck in a stairwell for a while. I did go to work on 9-11, but took my little Casio TV and our local fox station was playing Fox News Channel. I know I didn't get much work done that day or for the next few days that followed. Don't remember any other events Rick covered until the Iraq war, but he was on a lot during 9-11 and the aftermath. Shep too, he even went up to the roof of the Fox News building with a cameraman to show that NYC wasn't total chaos. Bill O'Reilly, was stuck on Long Island and couldn't get into the studio because all the bridges were shut down. He finally went on air from a studio in Long Island, but I don't think it was until the next day. The first day's coverage was pretty much Shep in the studio and Rick and David Lee Miller out on the streets. I'm sure there were others, but those three I remember most. Arthur Kent, Scud Stud. LOL I remember him now. I have hypothyroidism, the one that destroys the metabolism. Makes it very difficult to lose and keep off weight. The pills help and the gym helps even more. Just one of those things that life's deck of cards deal you. I heard that both Michael and Adrianna Huffington may run for Governor. Hmmm, could be rather humorous. Just think of all the dirty laundry that could reveal about one another. Sherry - No laughing here, I wanted to go to that concert, but the closest it comes is about 3 1/2 hours away. I didn't see the first season, but got hooked on the second one. Like Jen, it was about the only show that we would turn away from Fox's war coverage to watch. Well, we did turn away for Survivor too, though this last one wasn't that good. No one to really root for or against, though my hubby did like it when two of the women stripped to get peanut and chocolate. LOL A child from the Republic of Georgia, that is so great. There are so many children in other countries that are in need of a loving family. When the news magazine shows do stories on these children, it always pulls on my heart strings. Having children is such a big decision. But it is one that both do need to agree on. I don't know that anyone is really ever "ready" to start a family, because you don't really know what you're in for until you're in it. I wasn't sure I wanted children either, but God had other plans because I got pregnant with my oldest son while I was taking birth control pills. Yup, my Brendon is the .1% non-effective part of the pill statistic. And of course God was right, he is a blessing and can't imagine my life without him. Jen - Lots of Greg today! Yea! Sorry about the fibromyalgia and Mr. Oompa. Wish I had a magic wand to wave over you to make you feel better, but the best thing I can offer is prayer. Sounds like your menu is expanding daily now. Great!! Melissa - Sounds like you've had a fun time with your family lately. That's great. We didn't have a family reunion this summer for the first time in over 20 years. I missed not having it. Coming from a family of 1 brother and 18 cousins and then all their kids, our family reunions can get pretty crazy. Like your idea for Rick "donating" his boonie hat LOL Have a great evening.

 Sherry: No I wouldn't laugh at you going to the American Idol tour - in fact I have to admit I'm a bit jealous - I promised myself never to look at American Idol and then I saw the first episode of the 2nd season and well *shaking my head* It was the only show I would actually change the channel off of Greg to look at Melissa: Enjoy Tomb Raider 2! I've wanted to see that - well I've wanted to see a lot of summer movies but the movie theater has to many good smells for me to go ... nerves aside I've been rather sleepy today so I've been taking long summer naps today Jan: I wasn't able to get my protein bars in (more on this later) so I'm kinda really scared now as to what I can take because I need to take something so maybe I can function after 1:00 p.m. because I am just about flatlined after then - I did eat another hot dog and a *full* deviled egg today for my meals - tomorrow meatballs well at least 1 So I went to try my protein bars and I couldn't tell which was worse - protein bars or protein 'juice' uhh *shuddering* Mr. Oompa is *still* here in fact I think he might take up full-time residence w/ me - I wish he could find some other gastric patient to visit but he seems to be content w/ me :( How many of you guys saw Greg today? It seems that the US is very close to nabbing Saddam - Melissa: I saw this and I was like..well I thought it was ironic... Okay guys prolly going back to bed now - check back in late night tonite

 Hello Everyon!! I'm finally getting around to posting. My hubby is off this weekend and since he only gets off one a month he has me running all over the place. Got up and made it to church on time and then we went to Bass Pro Shop in Baltimore and I didn't think I would ever drag him out of there. I don't know if anyone has ever been to one but they are huge. I made him take me to Chili's to eat since I was so patient while he looked at all the stuff. I went by the liquer store and wanted somthing diffrent to drink so I got me some Captain Morgan Parrot Rum (Puerto Rican Rum with cocunut) and mixed with cranberry juice and orange juice and it is very good. Yummy!! Yummy!! I usually just drink the Captain Morgan Spiced Rum with pineapple juice which is also very good. Nat - My cable company didn't get Fox News until sometime in 2002. I started watching around June 2002. At the time off 911 I had to watch CNN or MSNBC for all my news. I know I had read somewhere that Rick was down there and on the scene very quickly. I don't trust floppies anymore either. I was always losing stuff at work on those. Melissa - Let me know how Tomb Raider is if you see it. My hubby wants to go but I know the real reason he wants to see it. He loves Angelina. He sure doesn't want to see if for any other reason. LOL!! Nan - I know I love babies too. He is at such a fun age. He is a really good baby and is use to me so he hardly ever crys. They just want you to play with them all the time at that age. My parents adopted from the Republic of Georgia about 9 years ago. He is going to be 14 next month. I'm getting to the point where I need to have one soon if I'm going to. I just turned 34 and don't want to wait much longer. My hubby doesn't really want any and I'm not sure. Jen - I see you went to Hecht's yesterday. I love when they are having a sale you can get some really good stuff. I haven't been to Tyson's Corner in years but I know it can get crazy on the weekends. Okay everyone don't laugh at me but guess where I'm going tomorrow night. I'm going to the American Idol tour in DC. My friend and I were addicted to the show so we got tickets. I dont' know if anyone else watched. It should be pretty good. Well I gotta go get some things done. I'll check back in later.

 Hi Gals, I actually caught the report by Rick on Fox Report. I was pleasantly surprised that they actually showed him because Todd's report was only a voice-over. He does look natural in jeans, but I'd like to see him in a ballcap too, if the boonie is any indication, he looks good in hats...Maybe a Cubs one... I'm still being lazy and fighting the headache....I'm now blaming it on the weather, it has rained here all day. Literally ALL DAY! I'm not complaining because we really needed it, the farmers were on the verge of losing their soybean crop. It has been a good, slow, soaking rain, but since the ground was so hard, we are now in a flash flood watch. Luckily, I'm not in a flood area. When it rains....... I noticed on FR, Laurie Dhue said that Rick Folbaum would be in that chair tomorrow, I tell ya, if Shep had any more time off, I'd think he was moonlighting at CNN.....

 Sherry - I was in another room and not paying any particular attention to Fox Report, when I heard Rick's voice. I rushed back in and managed to see most of the segment. He has a strong, muscular body and the shirt showed off his broad chest and shoulders. He also has the bod for jeans. You girls who missed it, missed something good.

 Jayel - I missed it. I turned it on like at 7:35 and I wasn't really paying attention but it must have been before then because I would have heard that voice. I hate that we only get to see him like once a week maybe twice. Jan - I have been really lazy too. I have been working on my school work but that is about it. Catching up on my soaps. I figure my hubby is away so I can be lazy until he gets back. He is coming home on Saturday or Sunday so I figure on Friday I will clean the house and do all that.

 Rick was on Fox Report! And he was wearing JEANS and a long-sleeved shirt opened at the neck. He was talking about a town in N.J. that prohibits drinking. I don't know if Fox Report will repeat tonight, but Rick's segment was on just before the halfway mark. He looked so good!

 Hi Gals My name is Jan and I am a total sloth! I have done nothing this weekend except sleep, watch tv and eat! Here comes the excuses----I am at my parent's house watching their dogs while they are on a long weekend to Iowa. I think I'm not used to the bed, my dad has that acid reflux so the head has to be raised about 6 inchs, and I swear it feels like I am standing straight up! Because of that, I haven't gotten any quality sleep, so I've just been snoozing on and off, and now I have one of those annoying "you slept too much" headaches. I push the excuse farther by saying that since it is raining, there is nothing to do outside..... I came to my parent's house right after work on Friday so I didn't get a chance to see my tapes of Shep's glorious return, that might be part of the slothiness Melissa, what happened to Kris, did he drive 4 hours for the cancelled meeting? Keep us posted. I don't think I've noticed CNN commercials on Fox, but I will have to pay better attention. It seems we just get the obnoxious local commercials, I'd almost welcome CNN over our local ads... Jayel, sorry for the confusion....I emailed Rick a while ago, sent him a poem (don't ask) because Melissa and Natalie 'forced' me to...and I did get a response and a picture, I'm just whining because it seems like the other gals got an impromptu email from him asking if he remembered to send them a pic, and I've not gotten an impromptu email from him asking about my picture....all good-natured whining of course, maybe a little jealousy tinged....but it's all good...He was very gracious about the poem, and he even answered a follow-up from me on the state of his 'skanky' hat...he said he may auction it off for a charity.... Sherry, congrats on Riley, I hope Chilly is doing better. I never would have said I was a cat person, but two rescued cats later, they are really fun! Mine get along pretty well, the male cat is younger than the female so I think she treats him as her kitten. They both rule the dog and the house....Poor dog is whipped.... Nan, I loved the image of all the guys having to go in for haircuts the same week...LOL Suppose Fox has a running account with SuperCuts? Hey if your son gets to 'stalk' Adam, we may have to make him an honorary Adamaniac, owned by the parent company of this blog.... :-) I hope everyone is much more productive than I am this weekend...But hey, I labor all year, I should get a weekend to myself, right? Jen, it's good to see you again. Have fun with the Supreme Court Cases....nothing like a little light reading :-)

 Good Morning!! It is so quiet here the last couple days. I guess everyone is enjoying their Labor Day weekend. I'm just hanging out around the house doing homework and stuff. Nan - Funny you should mention wallpaper because with our new computer we have Windows XP so I set up a seperate sign on for my hubby and one for me. That way I can have my own wallpaper. Well I put a picture of Adam as my wallpaper and my hubby came in the other day and said who the hell is that. I told him and he laughed and told me I was silly. Now I get to see Adam's face everytime I sign on. I need to get one of Rick and Greg too and then I can switch them around. Nat - That dream is too funny. Oh you mentioned Christy Lane, I get so sick of that commerical. They show it like 20 times a day and I'm like if I hear that one more time I'm going to throw something at the tv. Jen - Sounds like your dinner went good, sorry your mom doens't like your friend. Good luck with all the school work. Well gotta go read my accounting book, I'll check in later.

 Natalie: !!! I'm here, well late but here, but then again *early* since I orginally planned on checking back in sometime next week but I'll start a few days early, I had a pretty intresting weekend so why not share, right? ... OMG guys French class is soo boring :( I and one other guy who I'm more than sure *dropped* it after Friday *Super UBER happy dance* are the only people in the class who aren't freshman and only the teacher and I can seem to carry on a conversation in french..see at the end of the day I decided I needed a break so I took easy super basic French just for the fun of it and just for the fact it had been 1 1/2 years and 2 other languages since I was in a structured French enviroment anyway all the kids in the class keep asking me what the teacher is saying, what page are we on etc because she always speaks in French. They ask questions in English and get a French response *shaking my head* poor kids.. I visited my grandpa as I do every week Friday and he told me that I wasn't 30 minutes away from Greg Kelly this week I was *10* minutes away (anyone will tell you I have no sense of direction or time) *cries* I was so close it wasn't fair... Melissa: My grandpa suggested that "your brave little friend" i.e. you :) e-mail him (since I'm fresh out of words and bravery) and be like "Hey before you head out to Regan or Dulles - stop on by that girl's house..." My friend Amanda has informed me that neither the mail guy at Fox or the Post office man are *prancing* around in Greg's would-be shirt...they are doing a *jig* in his would-be shirt :( So today after my workout I spent some QT with a friend of mine, my friend took me shopping and then even took my mom and me out to dinner later that night and we went to The Capital Grille (totally unexpected and my friend *faints* wore a suit) in Tysons and man I'm really glad that my pouch has at least expanded to *three big ounces* I was able to eat a little over 1/4 of the filet mignon and 1/4 of the mashed potatoes my friend and I shared :) the only bad thing...my mom totally does *not* like my friend :( *Surgery update* new icky side effect time: Frothing Well that's it for me tonight er this morning - hope everyone is doing well and has a good labor day. I shall be spending the rest of mine reading Supreme Court Cases, working on my next Religion paper and doing my french homework in my sleep... G'night everyone..talk to you guys sometime late next week.

 Looks like most of us LevenGals are MIA. Hope everyone is having a great Labor Day Weekend!!! Nat - My son finds my Fox Hottie "interest" amusing. He even installed the "Fox Report with Shepard Smith" wallpaper on my laptop. LOL He's just glad I'm using my computer for something other than playing Free Cell. You're probably right, we "miss out" on the CNN ads because of DirecTV runs their own ads. We are definitely the lucky ones. Today was my lazy day, though I did get up and run this morning. Tomorrow will be cleaning/laundry day. A Hottie Toddie dream-I'm so jealous!!! Saw Todd again Friday and there seemed to be some strands of curls peeking out. Maybe he just got the front trimmed and slicked back the curls. Sherry - I sometimes have problems seeing the post when using Mozilla web browser. When I switch to Internet Explorer the problem disappears. We're here for you if you get lonely while hubby's away.

 Holy cow....where *is* everyone?!? I checked in here last night & was too wiped out to type.....so here I am at 5:30 Sat. evening. Spent today cleaning & doing laundry (d'oh! I forgot the laundry in the dryer....need to get that out). We were going to go for a walk, but not sure if we're going to make it. It's been a dull day (hottie wise) on Fox. I had the weirdest dream last night. I was at work (yeah, another work dream) BUT with a twist. I had to go take a couple of files over to an underwriter to review, so I took them over to Todd (Connor!) LOL!! What was weird, is that he was like an underwriter but also a journalist. Go figure. See what too much work & Fox does to me? Anyway, I was happy to have a reason to have to go over to him (it's hard to explain, but I wasn't so giddy to know that he worked there- it was as if it were totally normal; but more so that I had a reason to have to go to his desk). He was just as cute as ever, with the curls & goatee, and looked even better up close LOL! He was on the phone and I kind of waited for a minute. He looked at me/saw me but since it sounded like the call was going to be awhile I just mouthed, "I'll come back" and left. I think I remember going back, but have no idea what I said or what happened. That just came *way* out of left field! Although short, and not juicy, it was still a great dream (despite the work theme). LOL, I think Rick's going to have competition!! :) Sherry- I was going to say that what you were describing with not being able to see the posts sounds a lot like the problem I have at work. It sounds like yours returned to normal (split screen). I'm going to have to watch my tape from yesterday. After all the action Thursday, I figured better safe than sorry on Friday. Is it just me, or does it seem to be that they all tend to show up on Thursdays?? Maybe it's a coincidence. Nan gets Adam in her area, and who do I get in the SF area? Geraldo. LOL! How are the kitties doing? Sounds like Chilly is adjusting- I'm sure it'll just be a matter of time. You naughty gal, "wet with that I just got out of the shower look" LOL! Can't blame ya though..... Yeah, I like Mancow too- more of the funny aspect; though he is cute. Naturally, cuter with the goatee..... I missed the Ollie bus, that must've been on before I got up. Nan- I think some people at work did the same- took off early LOL! It just seemed like a ghost town when I left yesterday; it appears *a lot* of people are on vacation next week. Should make things interesting. They made Todd cut the curls, huh? :( LOL, should have known that that wouldn't have lasted. Just as long as he's able to keep the goatee, lol! Maybe Fox sent them all in to get haircuts? Or it's just an end of summer thing. LOL- what does your son think of your Fox hotties? That would be great if he was able to get photos of Adam if he covers the pending end of September Ahnold event. You know, the ads that always seem to run on our satellite system on Fox are DirecTV ads (sometimes 3 in a row), Cristy Lane, Dytek, and the ADD commercial. I know there's more, but I don't remember seeing CNN. Maybe we're getting DirecTV when others are getting CNN? Leslie- a gray & raining Friday is *perfect* for laying in bed & reading! :) I thought the same thing this morning- it wasn't rainy, but it was gray (foggy). I ended up getting up & got busy with cleaning & laundry. Tomorrow & Monday may be my lazy days, or I may work on my writing. Jayel- Thanks for the updates! :) Regrettably I didn't set the VCR that day, but there will be others. I'm actually taking the 11th & 12th off, so maybe that will give me an opportunity. Last year I wished I had taken the 11th off and didn't so this year I did. I'm hoping that the cell phone thing with Hannity on F & F will show up on the 'Say What' portion of the Fox Fan Central part of the Fox site. That would fit right in there. LMAO about the Steve & Brian talking about their home improvements & their shopping stories. I think Nan & I had posted about the "Mexifornia" book. I'll have to check into the others that you mentioned too.

 Wow it is quiet in here tonight. Where is everyone. The problem I was having yesterday where I couldn't see the post is okay now. I went in today and it was there. Nat - Hottie Toddie was on today. Looking good as always. Nan - Tell your son that we expect him to take pictures if Arnold comes to his school. Of course we want pictures of Adam not Arnold. LOL!!! Would people wonder why he was taking pictures of a reporter. He can always say he is doing it for his mom. You must share the pictures if you get any. Adam was looking great this morning as always. Thanks for the congrats on the Riley and my new computer. My kitty is adjusting a little better today. She has come out of hiding more. The computer is great since it doesn't lock up on me every 5 minutes like my old one. Well gotta go spend some time with hubby, since he is leaving tomorrow for a week to go to Maine. I'll be all by my lonesome. Talk to you ladies later.

 Hi Ladies! Decided to start my Labor Day weekend early by taking the afternoon off. Don't have anything special to do, just didn't feel like working. Hottie Toddie has been on today (alas, minus the curls). Seems that haircuts are the order of the week. Shep returned yesterday with what looked to be a recently shorn do and Rick L also looked as if he had visited the barber recently too. Anyway. Adam was soooo close yesterday. He was in Fresno (an hour away) with Ahnold. Didn't know he was going to be there until yesterday morning, so I missed him. They were at one of my favorite shopping centers too. I called my son (was is attending Fresno State) and sent him on a mission to return with pictures. But, as luck would have it, he didn't get out of class in time to perform this very important of assignments. I threatened to withhold future funds, but then my mommy instincts kicked in and I can't allow my baby (all 6'2", 230 lbs of him) to starve. Oh well, I talked with him this morning on msn and he mentioned that Ahnold's campaign committee is negotiating with Fresno State for Ahnold to speak on campus at the end of September. So, maybe he'll get me pictures afterall. Melissa - Haven't seen any of the CNN ads on Fox, but then again, I usually watch taped shows and I fast forward through commercials. What a pain to have people that just decide not to show up for work. I'm with you, hope he had to drive all that way for nothing. Vindictive aren't we?? Sherry - Congrats on the new computer and Riley doing well. Well, I'm off to run some errands and a little shopping too. What good is an afternoon off if you don't get in some shopping. LOL Have a great afternoon and evening!!!

 Hey gals! It's a gray and raining Friday morning, girls are in school and I'm fighting the urge to go back to bed. To much to do before Roy gets home tonight. I think it's interesting that CNN would be advertising on FOX, but also I think I may know why. For smaller businesses in smaller markets, they handle all the advertising choices themselves; but bigger businesses in bigger markets have a media buyer at an advertising company handle these decisions. With the networks, you buy time individually, making deals with each of the networks separate from the others. With cable you buy block time from the cable company, not the individual stations, to be divided among the various cable channels that reach your target audience. You want to reach the most people interested in your product for the least amount of money, but you always want some ads on the most popular stations. So, the media buyer would buy block time from the cable company, the cable company would put the ads on the stations that fit the client's profile, and FNC being the leader would be the plum ad time. This could be a calculated risk on the part of CNN, though. If they are running ads during O'Reilly or Hannity & Colmes, they may be targeting moderates or libs that are getting cheesed off by the conservative point of view. Kind of a "Hey guys! Remember us? We're still here and we're still liberal!" I don't know, but that's my theory in a nut shell. Used to want to be in advertising before I got married and became a mommy. I'm the type of person that will do stuff during the show, and run in to watch the commercials. Well, better tackle the laundry. Ya'll have a good one.

 Good Morning Ladies!! I dont know if anyone saw Adam this morning at his 8:45 report but he was looking really good. He had no tie on which was nice to see but he was a little too buttoned up. He also had a t-shirt on underneath so you couldn't see much. His hair was also wet with that I just got out of the shower look. Oh what thoughts that brings in head. LOL!! Well I have been running around all morning so I haven't seen if anyone else is one but will keep you posted of any hottie alerts.

 Well, I'm finally getting around to posting. My computer died on me today and since my hubby and I are both taking internet classes we had to go buy a new. I'm trying to get used to the new computer and the new Windows. Now I'm in the blog and I can't see all the other posts. I don't know what is going on. Anybody else have this problem?? Well my Kitty is doing really well my other cat Chilly is not doing very well. We tried to introduce them today and she flipped out hissing and stuff. I'm hoping she gets better and will eventually except Riley but she is like the cowardly lion in the Wizard of Oz. I guess we will see. Melissa - I was going to ask the same thing. A couple of weeks ago I started seeing CNN commercials in Fox and thought maybe I had the wrong channel on. What is up with that. I can't imagine they would sell them advertising time. That was too wierd. Nat - I haven't watched the last hour of Fox and Friends but I have it on tape. I did see Mancow. I know Mancow can be obnoxious but I think he is hot. He was looking really good last Friday when he was on. I also saw Ollie pull up in his bus he is using for his book tour and he let Brian and Steve get on the bus. I will have to catch the Hannity part. Glad your contacts are getting a little better. Jan - Yes I was able to get the kitten that I originally wanted. Nobody adopted him. I know I was so disgusted with those people by the time I left there. My other cat Chilly was a stray that my mom found and gave me. Also if you can't keep the animal for any reason they expect you to return it to the shelter, they don't want you finding a home for it. They are crazy if they think I would ever bring an animal back there. Jayel - Thanks for all the Rick updates. It was great to see him back. I wish we got to see him everyday but I don't see that happening unless he lands a really big story. Leslie - Glad Sarah is doing better. Nan - Did you see Adam today. Isn't it great that we get to see him everyday. Well I gotta go. I'm so tired I can't type anymore.

 Hi, ladies! Isn't it great to have Rick and Shep back? We may be able to see quite a bit of Rick with the second anniversary of 9-11 coming up. I hope that he gets some other stories as well, though. Jan - I can't understand why you haven't gotten a response from Rick. From what everyone else has said, this doesn't sound like him. There must be a good reason of some kind. Why not try at least one more time? Nan - Here's a fervent wish that the doctors brought in to treat your father will be able to help him. Melissa - I don't think that I've ever seen a CNN commercial on Fox. In regard to the maintenance supv. not showing up, I give you the benefit of my experience. I used to work in an unemployment claims office, and the most frequent reason that people got fired was for not showing up for work and not calling in. (Testing positive for drugs was the second most common reason, and some of the stories behind the positive tests were pretty funny.) Some employers dealt with the problem of absenteeism by making a checklist of reasons for dismissal, including no call/no show, and having their employees sign and date the checklist. This was most effective with new hires, but could be done with long time employees. Any warnings given to employees prior to termination should be written, not verbal, and signed and dated by the employee being warned. An employee can refuse to sign a written warning, but can still be required to acknowledge the written warning, even if he wants to state that he disagrees with the warning. All written warnings should be kept on file. Verbal warnings are virtually worthless as they are difficult, if not impossible, to prove. Natalie - Thanks for relating the cell phone incident with Sean Hannity on today's Fox & Friends. That must have been funny. I missed the cell phone bit while fastforwarding. I did catch the funny conversation between Steve and Brian when they were discussing their home improvement projects. For those who missed it, Steve said that he had gone to a tile store and said the store employee said that Juliet Huddy (not sure about the spelling) was hot. Brian claimed that he had once gone to a paint store and the man there said something about Brian being on TV and then said that Jon Scott was hot. (I think that Brian was joking.) Anyway, Brian claimed that he got out of the store after the remark. I lost track of whoever asked about "Mexifornia," the book by Victor Davis Hanson, so this is for anyone who's interested. The book is probably well worth reading. From time to time, Hanson's writings appear on frontpagemagazine.com, and I've always found his views to be very insightful. There has been some criticism that his views are a bit too soft on immigration, but he does acknowledge immigration's downside. On the subject of immigration, I would also highly recommend "Alien Nation" by Peter Brimelow and "The Path to National Suicide" by Lawrence Auster. "Alien Nation" is available at Amazon, but Auster's book is out of stock. The book is worth looking for elsewhere. On the Fox News web site today, they have an article posted on fashions for people in the news media. It's only about women's fashions. News execs are apparently clueless that women viewers notice what male reporters/anchors wear. One of the women quoted in the article mentions the importance of comfortable clothes while out in the field. Despite that, male reporters must be encouraged, if not required, to wear suits and ties even when reporting from a toxic waste dump and the like. I don't notice the clothes of Fox's female personalities as much as their colors. Pink looks great on Jane Skinner, IMO. I think that Fox's web site also showed that the 9-11 tape story is going to be covered on Fox Report, so that should furnish another chance to see Rick and Shep together. I think that Shep was looking for an opportunity to tease Jane today on Studio B when he mentioned something about sexual positions, but she managed to block him. Darn it!

 So help me....if this Bustamante gets elected, I'm electing early retirement to TX. Check out this article on Fox urlLink Bustamante Won't Renounce Ties to Chicano Student Group . THIS is why we get so frustrated in CA. You gals should have seen the 'choice' classes I had to choose from to complete my creative writing degree at SFSU. You would be livid. Normally I don't mind learning about other cultures- yes, it can be very interesting. But I will not have it *forced* on me and shoved down my throat at this state seems fit to do. I guess that's why I'm up in arms about Bustamante. OK- *rant over* - it's safe to come out from under the tables..... : ) Looks like it's a ranting kinda day! :P I guess since some of you are watching Fox today as it's on you've prolly heard about the N. Korea nuclear rhetoric. That stuff has me wary. OK- AIM just kicked me off and won't let me sign back in. I don't know if any of you are having problems with it or not.... Melissa- I thought someone somewhere had mentioned seeing CNN commercials before on Fox. That's really bizarre- not sure why they'd want to do that, unless it's a ploy by the cable or satellite company. (Just kidding....or not??) You'd be so cool to post the pix from today! :) (of course, you're cool anyway!). Sorry you're having spontaneous-employee-vacation problems there, that sounds really frustrating! LOL- you're cruel, but from what you said I would think the same thing too- hope he drives up the 4 hours & then only have to turn around & drive the 4 back. Serves him right! OK-like I said, I'm scooting my butt outta here on time today, if not 5 minutes before so I can try to catch Fox Report. Traffic is usually heinous on Thursdays, so we'll see. I barely got one break,, lunch has been shaved a little bit, and I'll be lucky if I get a second break. *Time for work rant* What really annoys me about people here, is that some think they deserve a smoke break every hour. Kevin told me to take a break when they do, so I kinda have been by checking in the blog when they go out. These same people complain about being so friggin far behind. I *so* want to say, "well if you didn't go out & smoke every hour, maybe you wouldn't be so far behind!" but being the somewhat nonconfrontational person I am, I don't. I usually go along to get along, and if I don't have something nice to say to these people I don't say anything. Later!

 Hey guys this may seem like a silly question, but do they ever show CNN commercials when you're watching FOX? I just saw one, and then I KNOW I saw one last week as well. What is up with that? Looks like I was right again, Rick is back. :) I turned on the tv this morning to see his smiling face. Ok he wasn't really smiling (dangit - he was talking to Brigette) but he was there no less, and that made me smile. Nat I did get the photos. I'll try and post them at lunch, but since this dial-up internet is soooo slooooow here at work, I may have to wait until tonight. But I won't be home until late tonight becuase I have class at 7:00. -- edit: Rick is "out in the field" today. :) He's dressed all spiffty today too. Navy blazer, light blue shirt, and a yellow tie. I got some pic off the tv and I'll post those tonight as well. Leslie - I'm glad to hear you're feeling better. I hope Sarah is doing better as well. I'm sure everything will be fine. :) No you weren't hearing things last night. Rick did say Shep would be back today! :) When I heard him say that I think I jumped up and down and squealed "YAY!" they were doing SO good with all the hotties being on, then they just took them away again. I think they're teasing us, sort of like the dollar on the string trick, they give ya enough time to get excited, and then they rip it away from you. I forgot who asked about the WalMart's, but here we have some really nice and clean ones with nice people, and then we also have some grungy nasty ones where I think the employees are hiding in the clothes racks, it just depends what part of the city you're in. Our maintainance supervisor, Kris, hasn't been here ALL WEEK and I'm getting pissed. He didn't even call me to tell me he was taking a "spontanious vacation" and all he did was tell another maintainance man, Steve, that he'd be back in time for the meeting on Thursday, all because he got a "once in a lifetime opportunity to go on a house boat." *frickin asshole* --sorry I'm a little pissed-- Well he's not here right now and the meeting was supposed to be tonight at 6:00. Lucky for him the meeting has been rescheduled, but I just hope he shows up at 6:00 tonight to see the notice posted on the door. He lives and hour away, so I hope he drives that far just to see the notice, all because he didn't have the decency to call. He ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS pulls this crap! Whenever my mom decides to take a vacation Kris decides he's gonna take one too but doesn't tell anyone, and that's B.S.!!!!!! My mom *rarely* takes any time off, so why Kris couldn't wait until this weekend is beyond me! I mean we're even off on Monday for Labor Day. Ok, sorry for the ranting, I just had to get that off my chest. Oh GREAT even better, I talked to Steve and he said Kris was going to drive 4 hours (from where he was vacationing) up here JUST for the meeting, and then go back down. So now Steve keeps trying to get ahold of Kris to let him know there's no meeting. I know it sounds mean, but I REALLY REALLY hope he doesn't get a hold of Kris just so he has to waste 8 hours of his day. I asked Steve not to call Kris, because I'd prefer for Kris to call us, but he's like "No I'm not going have my 'boss' be mad at me." But what Steve doesn't realize is, it looks ike Kris isn't going to be his boss for very long. Looks like he'll be demoted, because my mom is sick of this crap too. And if my mom doesn't do anytbing this time (because this is like the 3rd or 4th time he's done it) then I'll quit, because my mother doesn't have the heart to be a boss, and let's those men walk all over her, and I won't sit here and watch them do it. Ok -- sorry again, it's all off my chetst now. Well I'll catch up in just a little bit after I fix lunch here in about 15 minutes.

 Hey Gals!! Well I went a record 3.5 hours with my hard lenses in last night. It's getting a little better, but sometimes my eyes feel *so* dry. I guess I'm building up the 'calous' that everyone I've talked to has mentioned. The first time I heard that, I was like 'calous'????? On my eye??? Ewww! Anyway, did ya'll catch Fox & Friends this morning? I saw from Mancow on (off & on) to the end. Geez Louise I can't believe Harrison Ford is falling in with all the libs in Hollyweird now. I'm disappointed. It was kinda funny this morning though, they were digging into him. They had Hannity on at the top of the last hour and his cell phone started ringing and it was his sister. He answered & then gave the phone to Steve and he told her "Hey, he's on Fox & Friends right now, he'll call you back". It was hilarious! I think they've had someone different filling in for ED each day all week. Wonder who it'll be tomorrow? Prolly not Jane! (Side note- it's really annoying when you work in cubes & someone uses their speakerphone to dial out....grrr....there's 3 people around me who do that). Anyway.....so Shep should be back today- YAY! I miss Shep. Rick F's been doing lots of filling in- today he's in for Jon Scott. He's going to need a vacation by the time everyone else comes back. Jan- Sorry you missed your game due to the heat, but happy to see your post! :) Brag anytime! :) That's cool- I forget how long we Targets in AZ- seems like since the late 80's. "If the DCFS was that picky with foster and natural parents, we would have so much less child abuse problems" AMEN!! Sneaky Pete could also be Lucky Pete- how sad that people do that kind of crap to defenseless creatures. Very good thing her boyfriend stopped to see what was in there. VIVID- yes, that's the word! I thought of that yesterday morning at 4:30 (don't ask)....I tend to think of things at odd hours. Kind of like the thought that if it wasn't for Rick & the other Fox hotties, we all prolly never would have met. I was thinking (yes, again at 4-5 AM yesterday) that it would be cool if we sent a "thank you" card or something to Fox and/or Rick saying as much. We could send the card to each other so we can personally sign & then the last person could forward to Fox/Rick. LOL, it sounded better at 5 AM. ROFLMAO- "WaRshington"......you know who does that is my mom. She's originally from Indiana. I think it's a midwest thing- but not all people say it like that in the midwest, so I'm still trying to figure out how the heck that started. She says waRsh too instead of wash. LOL. "Baja Oregon"- LMAO!! You really have me laughing this morning!! "Welcome to Iowa, please set your clocks back 20 years" LOL!! When I heard of Steve Brown being in Peoria yesterday, I thought of you. Awww.......I'm sure he cares! Maybe he lost track after he sent yours (like he knew for sure he did, but then forgot the rest of us so we had to "gently remind" LOL). Leslie- Glad things are looking up on the medication front. I know that sometimes when you watch for so long you start thinking that you're seeing things that really aren't happening. I think I'd be a terrible mommy (in the paranoid sense) because I'm really good at doing that. I've perfected it sometimes. If it's any consolation, I'd prolly be a Mommy-chondriac too (kinda am with the cat- "does she look ok? are you sure?"). Hope you get some sleep, girl! LOL- The Life of Riley.....my hubby says that all the time about our Maggie. He will say to her as she's stretched out on the floor or in some really comfy position "ah, the Life of Riley". The first time he said that, I was like, "HUH?". It's funny that you should mention that- 'cause I can't recall anyone using that phrase before him (if I have, it's been a LONG time). About the sinus stuff- I'm glad it's not just me! Strange weather. Nan- isn't it funny how Fox will trick us in the late evening? Think you're getting Cavuto, but *surprise!* there's Fox Report. I like those surprises. :) But you're right, it's *much better* with Shep. Many imitators, but only one original Shep. That's right- Victor Davis Hanson is a professor at Fresno State- sometimes I forget these little things and either remember much later in the day or I "get a little help from my friends" :) I should have remembered that considering that one of my stepsons is attending Fresno State LOL. His views sound interesting....there was just a statement he made that didn't make sense (naturally I can't remember now what it was, but I'm sure hubby remembers so I'll post it later unless I forget). Yep- I'm familiar with that book holding pattern- I think I have two or three right now. LOL! "Either way, none of them ever inspired me to set my recorder to tape a news show"- wow, you really struck a chord here. It just occurred to me when I read this in your post. Funny how things work out, huh? I never thought I'd find a couple of journalists 'hot' LOL, let alone a few of us on the same plane/line of thought. That's great that the USC team of liver cancer surgeons have agreed to take your dad as a patient. I'll be praying that he will be in great hands and that there will be great success. Sometimes you have to hang onto the glimmer of hope and dispell the rest- hang in there. OK- as usual, gotta get to work. C-ya at lunch! EDIT: Oh, fudge.....I knew I shoulda set the VCR...Now I have to get out of here on time today- I'm sure Shep will have him on later. Jayel- was he in the office or "out in the field"?

 Rick Alert! Rick has been on this morning talking about 9-11 tapes that are going to be released today. I think that he will probably be on again.

 Leslie - So glad to hear Sarah is doing so well on the new medication. Haven't you learned by now that sleep is a luxury for mom's, not a right. LOL Had many a night on the floor next to the boys when they were sick. My mom was real bad about imagining that my brother and I were sick. After the third house call in a week (yes doctors used to make house calls) our pediatrician took away all mom's medical magazines and told her she was not to buy anymore. Amazingly, all our mystery illnesses disappeared. LOL Last night as I was going to bed, turned on Fox to watch the replay of Cavuto, and they were replaying Fox Report instead. Now it's bad enough to be without Shep but do they have to rub it in??? And why don't they ever replay Fox Report when Shep is there, huh? I'm mean what could be better than to go to sleep with Shep whispering in my ear (even if it is the news). The dream possibilities are down right delicious. Nat - Mexifornia, was written by Victor Davis Hanson. He's on a local (well, Fresno) radio station from time to time. He's also a professor of history at Fresno State. Last year though, he was teaching at the Naval Academy. I think I've heard he's a Democrat, but a conservative one. He was pro-war and likes Duyba. Not sure what his views are on illegal immigration. I think the book is supposed to be several viewpoints (and possible solutions) to the problem. I almost bought the book a few weeks ago, but I already have several books in a holding pattern over my head waiting to be read and one more would cause massive crash landings. LOL Jayel - ROFL at the nicknames!! You're right it is scary and those guys are just "fools gold" or maybe just fools. Either way, none of them ever inspired me to set my recorder to tape a news show. I'll go back to newspapers before CNN-can't afford the cost of TV screens that would need to be replaced daily if I watched CNN. BTW - the rumor is true, we are the sloppiest shoppers in the US-You've never seen me at a Victoria's Secret sale-it can get pretty ugly. Sherry - Congrats on Riley!!! I saw Adam for a couple of seconds before they switched to Alabama for breaking news. It was definitely bait and switch. Got some semi-encouraging news today. A team of liver cancer surgeons at USC have agreed to accept my dad as a patient. He'll be meeting with them next week to discuss their recommendations for treatment. Feel better that some of the best in the country are getting involved. At the very least, it gives me a glimmer of hope. Put a fork in me, I'm done. Check in tomorrow!!!

 Guys, thank you so much for the love, support and group hugs. Sarah did beautifully last night. I should know since I checked on her every hour, vitals every two hours. I've basically been up, let's see, 7 am yesterday to 10 pm tonight, that's what? 39 hours? Well make that 38, I took a catnap during Fox Report (sorry, Rick). By the way, did my ears deceive me? Was I having a sleep deprivation-induced hallucination? Did Rick actually say Shep would be in tomorrow? Oh Joy! Oh Rapture! Oh my back! Note to self: Stretch before doing the Happy Dance. Sherry - If you name your kitten Riley, will the saying change to the Nine Lives of Riley? You know, the Life of Riley? Does anybody use that saying anymore? Nat - We've had the weird weather sinus infections these last two weeks. 3 days in the high 90s, 2 days in the 70s, back to the 90s, back to the 70s.....I dress the girls in layers just in case. Our Wal-Marts are all very clean and you can actually find someone to help you when you need it. Targets are pretty nice, but they hack us off with bait-and-switch advertising. The Sunday ads will show a great buy on something and you go in only to find that they only had two at that price or they never had any ("It's a national ad, not all stores have the same stock. But we have this one that's only $80 more.") Well, I'm only going to stay up until midnight tonight. That will give Sarah 4 hours from taking the medicine. I watched her so closely last night for uncontrollable facial ticks that I think I developed some of my own. Roy calls me a Mommy-chondriac. I imagine illnesses in the girls, every little sneeze or sniffle. It wouldn't bother me so much if they could talk and tell me how they're feeling. Good night ya'll, and have a Happy Shep Day tomorrow!

 Hi Gals, I was supposed to go to a baseball game tonight, but with the heat index in the 100's, I think I'll spend the evening with you and the a/c. I guess the temp on the field last night was 105....I keep hoping for a storm to cool things down, but I have to be careful what I wish for.... Walmarts---We have several around here, and it really makes a difference where it is located as to how clean it is. The one near my house is a bit on the scary side, but the one near my work is very nice, but that one is brand new also, so that could be a factor. I think Walmart is the favored store around here, only because Target is relatively new for us....(last 10 years or so) Yes, we are late bloomers. I actually have an uncle who is the groundskeeper for the guy that started Target, I've been to his house once.....enough bragging.... Melissa, my friend has dreams about water a lot so I bought her a dream book, it says that water can be a metaphor for stress, it can be overwhelming and surround you. I think the situation with Bree might have something to do with that....My family had to put a dog to sleep several years ago, it is so hard, but it was the right decision. I swore I'd never get another animal, but now my parents have 3 dogs and my sister and I have 1 dog and 2 cats....I know how they become part of the family...I would never trust a person who couldn't become attached to an animal... Sherry, congrats on the kitten, is it the same one? That is so nuts what you have to go through to get an animal. I understand that they don't want undesirable people to get animals to torture them, but surely they could tell you are a decent person just by looking at you. If the DCFS was that picky with foster and natural parents, we would have so much less child abuse problems....maybe we should have the ASPCA take over for DCFS, they would probably do a better job.... My animals were all 'found', I think that God intended for me to have these specific animals. Tucker (the dog) was found (or kidnapped) by my sister who saw him running down a busy street in the middle of the night, Sneaky Pete (cat) was dumped in a box with his littermates in the middle of the road to be hit by a car when a co-workers boyfriend stopped to see what was in the box and took them home, and Jammers (other cat) showed up on our porch several nights over a 3 week period before we caved and took her in. Needless to say they run the entire house now....I think Riley is a very cute name.....I'm happy at least one of us gets to see their favorite reporter on a regular basis.... Jayel, I can't even imagine Jane Skinner with those morning guys, I think she is a bit more 'old-fashioned' and not as 'hip' as the morning guys. I really do like her a lot when she chats with Shep. If Studio B were a soap opera, I'd wish the two of them would get together.... I love the teasing back and forth....No way I could be a "Peterspet"....but "Lauerlassie" is a definate possibility! Leslie, I'm sorry for Sarah's meltdown, can you tell if the medication is working? I know we fill a lot of that at the hospital, and I've not heard of a serious reaction in the 5 years I've been there...You do realize that EVERY possible side effect has to be mentioned, even if you fall and get a bruise, that has to be listed as a possible side effect---some bruising may occur----just to cover their butts...I hope it has the intended results....What's the menu for Labor Day? Texas is only about a 14-16 hour drive for me ;-) Natalie, was the word to describe Melissa's dream 'vivid'? Everyone around here calls it Wallyworld too, but they (not me!) also pronounce Washington as 'WaRshington'...drives me nuts....I'm going to Warshington DC...AARRGGGHH LOL Mexifornia....could be Calico.....or Baja Oregon... There was a contest years ago when we lived in Iowa for a new state slogan....the entries were: Baja Minnesota......Gateway to Missouri.....my favorite was "Welcome to Iowa, please set your clocks back 20 years"....My own idea for Missouri is: (sorry Melissa): "Missouri loves company" a h , too bad Greg couldn't be the virtual tour guide. I'm thinking he's in intelligence, I don't think they have much use for a pilot there, they don't have a runway, do they? Maybe they're debriefing him from his time over there again.....I'm sure Jen would like to debrief him too...:-) Hey, Steve Brown was in Peoria again, he's getting to be regular. He did a story on the Episcopal Church holding a meeting for the conservative Bishops who don't agree with the appointment of the openly gay one...The bishop they interviewed lives in Peoria. I'll wonder if he (Steve Brown, not the bishop) has a bar stool waiting for him at Big Al's (the local men's club) :-) If Rick knew about Big Al's, maybe he'd do the midwest stories, I should email him about that. I don't get any email from him, unlike other members of the blog, either he's positive he sent a pic, or he just doesn't care....

 Hey gals! I think I'm still in the same mode as yesterday- sleepy but gettin' through some crappy stuff (stuff I've been dreading doing here at work). It seems like I've had a nonstop-to varying degrees-sinus headache for the last 5 days. I'm thinking it's time to call the Dr. to see what's going on, but will prolly stall for another few days. I think it's just the weather changing so much from cool to hot to cool again. It's SO much cooler out now than it was on Monday. God bless the fog that comes in after a heatwave! :) I take it that Adam must be the only one of the hotties on today or everyone's up to their eyballs with alligators. I guess Steve & Brian scared Jane away yesterday- Kiran was in for ED today. I got riled up about the whole illegal thing on the way to work- they were talking to the author about his book that just came out called "Mexifornia". I need to check out the author- not sure where he is on the liberal/conservative scale. Also not sure that it'd be a good idea to read the book, as I told my hubby, I'd prolly throw it against the wall LOL. Some of what the author was saying just didn't make sense to me..... like it was coming out of "left" field. Sherry- Glad you got the kitten!! YAY!! I *know* he'll have a good home with you. Riley would be a *great* name! One good thing about Walmart (or Wallyworld as my mom calls it) is that they *do* have a lot. I think my mom is more Walmart than Target; but then it could be 'cause Walmart's a lot closer to her house. Leslie- Hope everything is OK with Sarah, and that today is better than yesterday. Hang in there! Jen- got your IM! Sorry I'm not getting a chance to reply. Hope you didn't pass out by the computer! You'll be back into the swing of it (school, studying....) before you know it. It's that initial start that can be rough (and the finals...but let's take one step at a time!). You'll do GREAT. Melissa- Let me know if you didn't get my email & I'll try again. Hope you're hanging in there too. EDIT : Hey, I talked to Teri today! :) She wanted me to relay a message to you- she hopes that your broken writing hand mends soon (i.e., WRITE, LOL!). Jayel- ROFLMAO at the potential nicknames we could have if we weren't LevenGals! Very scary! "If more of the hotties don't return soon, we may as well start watching CNN. (Despair setting in)" OH, THE HORROR!! Either that, or I'm going to have to eat a lot of dark chocolate & drink a lot of red wine (hey, they *did* say today (one more time) that both are good for reducing your blood pressure....with all this stuff going on (war, recall, lack of hottie coverage) I may need a little treat and blood pressure reduction LOL. OK- need to make another run to the post office. I'll catch ya'll later.

 Leslie - I hope that all is well with your little one. Keep us posted. "Substance and class?" That's very kind, but hey, ALL of the LevenGals have substance and class. If we didn't, instead of being LevenGals, we might be ... (Wolf) Blitzerbabes (Aaron) Brownbimbos (Tom) Browkawbroads (Rather) Dansdarlings (Jennings) Peterspets (Matt) Lauerlassies (Brian) Williamswenches Scary, isn't it? Ah, but we LevenGals can recognize gold from that which merely glitters. Rick F. as Sheplite? Hmm... I think that our perception of Rick F. is colored by consciously or unconsciously comparing him to Shep. Shep is such a strong personality, and Rick F. hasn't sufficiently loosened up to reveal much of his personality. Sherry - Congratulations on getting your kitten. One of my two cats is also black and white. He started out life as a "female", but in the inexplicable way of kittens, turned into a male. Quite a surprise for the vet who was prepared for a spaying procedure. If more of the hotties don't return soon, we may as well start watching CNN. (Despair setting in)

 Good Morning Ladies!! I don't have much time. I just wanted to let everyone know that I got my kitten. He is black with white paws and is 4 months old. He is so cute. We have to keep him seperated from our cat until he goes to the vets tomorrow and has his shots. My cat is not happy, she is such a scary cat. She heard him meow and ran under the bed and won't come out. We are going to work on the introductions tomorrow and see how it goes. I think I'm going to name him Riley but I'm not sure yet. Adam is on now!! I'm smiling now. LOL!! Nan - I forgot to comment on the whole Walmart thing yesterday. Well ours are dirty and messy too. You go to Target and it sparkles. Also Walmart is open 24 hours and they have night stock people so why must they stock the stuff during the day when you are shopping. They got all the aisles clogged up with stock and junk. It is so irritating. My hubby is more of a Walmart shopper than me. He likes to go buy hunting and fishing stuff there. Nat - I know, when I left the shelter yesterday I was almost in tears. It is so horrible and sad. I mean they all look well taken care of but I know half of them won't be adopted. I'm going to get one of those box carriers because mine also loves boxes so I might be able to get her in there easier with that kind. Leslie - Glad to see your feeling better. Sorry to hearabout Sarah's meltdown. Hope everything works out for you. Jayel - Thanks for the rating updates. I was also surpried to see Jane hosting Fox and Friends. It was cute this morning when they had Adam on and Brian was telling him that as long as this election stuff is going on he has to get up at 2:00 in the morning and he said yeah I know. I know when Brian was in Kuwait in February that Adam was also there because they mentioned that last week. Well gotta go talk to you ladies later.

 Hi all. The website by the Pentagon has a cool virtual tour of their Marine department. The tour is hosted by a Marine. Guess Greg K is working there for his Marine Corp duties.

 A quick post before I go home- I'll get as far as I can and then pick up where I left off tomorrow. Melissa- I sent the pix- let me know if you don't get the email. I think those dreams have a lot to do with being overwhelmed. What lifelike & (dang, I had the word & now I've forgotten it....) visual maybe? dreams those are!! I'm so sorry to hear about Bree- I'll keep her and ya'll in my prayers. It really is hard- they are a member of the family and it's next to impossible to not feel a loss. It's supposed to be cooler here today, there's some wind at least, so that always helps. Work is getting better....still don't trust anybody here at work, but at least it's 2 days & no drama. Good chatting with you today (even if I couldn't for long). Sherry- A 13 hour trip is an excellent reason for getting a CD player in the car.:) We always plug the discman into the lighter when we go on trips. MUCH better than tapes. Girl, you hit the nail *right* on the head when you said that you want to rescue all the cats & dogs- Kevin went to pick out Maggie 'cause it's just too heartwrenching for me to go in there. I can't even think about it for long otherwise I obsess about it and feel very very sad. I think I'm twisted- I feel more sorry for the animals than I do for the homeless. LOL- my cat sees the cat carrier (an open top box type) and she jumps in. She *loves* boxes. She hasn't *quite* made that connection yet that the box=vet. Good luck with the kitten!!! : ) Jayel- Know what you mean about the media- the local media here always seems so negative about Iraq. I think a lot has to do with them being heavily liberal and anti-war so all they can be is negative about it and point out how bad things still are. I think someone needs to remind them that Bush never promised an overnight success. It's a work in progress and will continue to be for as long as it takes. We're very fortunate to have Fox to give us the "silver lining". I saw Jane on Fox & Friends this morning- I was surprised! I think she prolly does do better with Shep than Brian & Steve. Did you see the falling goat thing??? I've heard of that before, but I was seriously ROFLMAO!! As always, thanks for the rating updates- I love those! :) Leslie! Good to see you back & "reporting". I'm sorry to hear about Sarah and the emotional strain it's put on you- my thoughts are with you. Those possible side effects are scary, to say the least. I'll be sending LOADS of positive vibes and thoughts your way!! **GROUP HUG TIME AGAIN**!! I think you're right about what you said: "You read some of the horror stories with adopted kids and foster kids, and wonder if it isn't easier to get a kid than a pet." I think that's right up there with Nan's realization that if she had a daughter, she could get an abortion without her knowledge, yet her son has to have her present to get blood drawn. *shakes head* Nothing makes much sense anymore. I saw you on IM, but was trying to get through some stuff- I chatted briefly with Melissa during lunch. I have astigmatism, but it's not the lasik-fixable kind. I have keratoconus (sp?)- my corneas are cone shaped. I've had lazy eye in my right eye since I was 3, and have worn glasses since. I can see without them up close (really up close) but far away, I'm hopeless. The hard lenses work much better for my distance vision than the soft lenses, so I'm hoping I can adapt. Nah, don't feel guilty!! My eyes seem really dry too- I think it's allergies, but I'm not sure. I always have to make sure my eyes are good & ready before I put either sets of contacts in. LMAO about "ShepLite"- very true. MMMMM.....pumpkin bread with cream cheese frosting.....I'll be right over.

 Hey ladies! I'm almost back to my fiesty self this week. The bruising is starting to fade and practically no soreness. Emotionally, I'm a wreck. Sarah had a meltdown at school yesterday that really scared everybody, started banging her head on the gym floor really hard. Had her in the psychiatrist's office this morning. He's prescribed Risperdal, an anti-psychotic usually prescribed for schizophrenics (apple doesn't fall far from the tree, eh Jan?). I'm having a really hard time with this. The dosage is really small and the success rate is really high. But I had to read a list of possible (if not all probable) side effects and sign a permission slip for the medicine. Some of the side effects are typical, drowsiness, lethargy, weight gain; but there's one Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome that is usually fatal. This is the one that's least likely to occur, but the possibility makes me want to grab Sarah and run like hell. Tonight is her first dosage and I'm supposed to check her every two hours for bp and resp. and muscle spasms. If anyone's suffering insomnia, I'll be on here all night. Give me a call. Melissa - I am so sorry about Bree. I had to put one of Charlie's puppies to sleep after she got into the shop and ate fiberglass insulation. I bawled all the way there and all the way home. I never really appreciated the job my dad did growing up. He was basically our pets funeral director. Give your dad an extra big hug tonight. He'll need it. As for your dreams, how did you get into my Percodan stash? Wow, and I thought I was having some strange dreams. But isn't it entertaining? Sherry - good luck on the kitten adoption. It's unreal to me that they are so strict with pet adoptions. You read some of the horror stories with adopted kids and foster kids, and wonder if it isn't easier to get a kid than a pet. Nan - it was really good talking to you on AIM this afternoon. The FOX Hottie Tour '03 bus will pull into your town soon. Friendship and liquid bravura included with price of admission. Nat - hope all is going well at work. What was your eye diagnosis if I can ask? I've always bitched and moaned about being blind as a bat without my glasses, but at least it's just plain nearsightedness and I can wear any type of contacts. I feel guilty complaining about my lenses drying out now and then. Jayel - welcome back, I miss your news bits and ratings updates. You always give this site a bit of substance and class. I caught Jane on F&F this morning and all I could think was "They threw the sheep to the wolves." I happen to like Jane when she subs for Shep. I know Rick F is cute and talented, but all I see is ShepLite. Got to go hit the kitchen. Chicken Tetrazinni, green beans, summer squash, and pumpkin bread with cream cheese frosting. Dinner's at 6, wash your hands and don't be late.

 Nice to be back with the LevenGals again. Melissa - I can imagine your sadness over your dog. The only good thing coming out of losing a pet is that it opens up an opportunity to provide a home for another animal. There are so many dogs and cats that are unwanted. Sherry - I hope that your kitten is still available when you return. It seems heartless and stupid of the people in charge not to do everything possible to facilitate giving an animal a good home. Nan - The Wal-Mart where I shop for most of my groceries (Wal-Mart is cheaper) looks good, but it is a new store so that probably makes a difference. There is a rumor going around that Ca. shoppers are sloppier than shoppers anywhere else in the U.S., but I refuse to believe it. Lol! I heard part of a conversation that Rush Limbaugh was having today on his talk show. He was speaking with a soldier who had recently returned from Iraq. The soldier referred to the reporters who were in Iraq during the war as "first stringers" and said that the ones there now are "second stringers." I don't think that he was referring to Fox reporters because he was discussing the reporters who always report the news so negatively, and Fox does pick up on some positive things as well as reporting the negative. He said that all of the negative reporting made the soldiers there angry. CBS has been absolutely horrible with their recent reports from Iraq and have gone out of their way to make the military look bad. For those of you who missed it, Jane Skinner filled in for E.D. Hill this morning. Steve and Brian were discussing OJ Simpson and his self-described sex appeal, and Jane volunteered that before coming on F&F that she had been told that F&F was a "dirty show" and that she was too much of a prude for F&F. Jane does appear to get embarrassed rather easily, which gives Shep great opportunities to tease her. F&F's risque humor and double entendres have to be a considerable part of the reason why the show is doing so well. I like Jane a lot, but I think that she has much better chemistry with Shep than with Brian and Steve. E.D.'s lack of inhibition makes her a better fit with the "bad boys." Jane also mentioned that one day she had been addressed by the wrong name three times by other Fox anchors. (including being confused with Linda Vester) I saw Jane once on Studio B talking with Shep about substituting for him, and she said that she would get e-mails saying, "We like you, but...." Poor Jane gets no respect. Shep will have to cheer her up when he FINALLY returns from vacation. From an article on F&F furnished by Knight Ridder: "Fox & Friends is No.1 in the (early morning shows) cable league, averaging 1.2 million viewers daily, according to Nielsen Media Research date from January through July." The article mentioned that CNN's competitive morning show, "American Morning," has 770,000 viewers. It was so sweet of Rick to furnish an update on Greg K., but I don't know how either of them is going to get back in front of the cameras when news continues to be slow in the U.S. Things just have to pick up after Labor Day, or else we LevenGals will have to do something ourselves to make a splash!

 Good Afternoon Ladies! Well I'm feeling better today. Been running around all day. I got a cd player put in my husband's truck for him. He will be so surprised. He is going to Maine for a week on Saturday and is driving and I think it is like 13 hours so he will be able to listen to his cd's now. Any hottie sightings (other than Adam)?? Melissa - I'm so sorry about your dog. Growing up we had to put serveral dogs to sleep because they were old and sick. My mom would always have to take them and she would do it during the day when I wasn't home and it was so hard. I was so sad yesterday when I left the shelter because I wanted to rescue all the cats and dogs. Nan - Okay I admit it, Adam did cheer me up and make me smile. He is just so adorable. I agree about those idiots at the shelter. You would think I was adopting a child all the hoops they want me to jump trough. The kitten would be better off with me than where it is now. Nat - Well I spoke to soon, it is humid again today. Yes the east gets very hot and humid in the summer but we have been very lucky this year and I don't think we have had any days that have been 100 and the humidty hasn't been as bad. Of course we got 3 straight months of rain in the spring. Oh well I'm always complaining about the weather. I'll keep you posted on my kitten. My cat saw me get the carrier out and so she knows she is going somewhere and is not happy. Jen - I was thinking the same thing as you. I was thinking that Greg is only 45 minutes from me. He is so close. Well gotta go mow at least my front yard before going to the vets. I'll talk to you ladies later.

 Hey Gals. I'm typing this offline, so I can type as I can so I can just come post it at lunch. I read some posts last night, but by the time I was done reading I was tired and ready to go to bed. I found out yesterday that my dad it gonna put one of our dogs, Bree, to sleep. She's hurt both her back legs (she has 2 torn ligaments) and it would cost us about $2000 to get the problem fixed, and then after that it's not even a sure thing that she'd get better. This is really hard on us because she's only 5 years old, and she's the sweetest dog in the world. She's so mild and calm. I got up early so I could shoot some final photos of her with the other dogs (Boomer and Tara) because I think my dad is gonna have her put to sleep this afternoon after he gets home. Tara is gonna go nuts because she always whines and cries if we even just take Bree to the vet and leave her at home. It sucks because you try so hard not to get attached to a pet, but it's hard becuase they're always there. Anyway, it's been another crazy morning at work, but when is it not? Oh and the idea to ask about Greg wasn't my idea. I told Jen about my reply to Rick and she said I should ask if he knew where Greg was. She was just kidding, but I said "No, I'll ask. It couldn't hurt." Or something along those lines. Nan - I hope your father will be ok. You and he will be in my thoughts and prayers. Sherry - Don't worry, Adam is a *look but don't touch* kinda guy for me. I think I was just happy to see some sort of sex appeal on Fox yesterday considering they had been seriously depleated during the day. LOL I'm still a "Rick Cick" all the way, and am hoping he'll be back by tomorrow. :) Sorry about the printer probs, I know all too well the pain you suffer. We've had problems with our past THREE printers, and thankfully now have a printer that funtions properly for now. *knocks on wood* I think we could all use a nice big *GROUP HUG* :) Nat - I hope things aren't so crazy at work now. That fire alarm sounded scary, stay safe over there ok? Glad jury duty went ok, and you got a day off from your crazy work place. How strange about the electricity. I feel ya about the heat. For the past week and 1/2 it's been in the 100's non stop here! It's crazy, because the average temp here for August is 87 degrees. Jen - you know I think you should definately take the opportunity to go to Oxford if ya can. You don't have anything holding you back now. :) Leslie - I hope you're still feeling well and that those "intersting" dreams aren't TOO interesting. LOL Jan - Yeah I remember it saying Rosenthal on that article, that was pretty funny. Poor man can't even get his name spelled right in an article ABOUT him. :) Jayel - LOL @ your jury duty story. What a dirtbag that guy was! I don't think I'd be a very good juror, becuause I have emotional reactions on an impulse, and don't always think things through. I'm sure I'd have stood up and yelled something along the lines of, "You dirty bastard! You deserve to be tortured for the rest of your horrid life!" lol.

 I've had some strange dreams, so I thought I'd post them before I post my main post. What do you guys think all these odd dreams mean??? I guess all the water/flooding may just have to do with me being a little overwhelemed with things?? I dunno, or it's just my mind giving me some crazy adventer that I'm seriously lacking in my life right now. #1 - The first one I had was almost like a movie, and I'm not sure if I can fully describe it with the impact it had on me. I remember I was in some highrise type apartment when the ground started to shake and rain started pouring. Buildings were falling to the ground and the ground was being flash flooded. After just a short amount of time the city I was in was in complete ruins and the city was flooded. (just like when you see the buildings of Manhattan in the movie A.I.) I remember flying around in a helecopter and seeing all the cities that had been destroyed. It's almost like the east and west coasts had sunk into the ocean and only the high mountains and and hills of the midwest were above sea level. People were swimming around trying to find safety and there was noting I could do to help them except watch. I can't really explain the look and feel of the way my dream looked. It was night time a it was like buildings were all knocked over and crumbled the water was pitch black and freezing cold. There was rain still pouring down and the sky was blanketed in thick black clouds. Flashes of lighting lit up the water and hellecopters with spotlights were flying all around searching for survivors. I finally woke up and was a little stunned to say the least. Then I went right back to sleep and had ANOTHER strange dream. #2 - This dream was sort of a continuation of the previous dream, but yet not. I think a lot of time had passed, but I had memories of that night. I remember being really sad and almost having a type of "survivors guilt." I was sitting in my car (it looked like a red and black Camero - I have no idea why that was my car. LOL) and I was fixing something on the steering wheel. (I have no idea which way is *up* when fixing anything on a car, so again I dunno why I was fixing it. LOL) but anyway that's not the point. I was sitting in my car fixing something on the steering wheel, and for some reason I was parked outside a local community pool. I remember not wanting to go into the pool area because I didn't want to be near the water, but I wanted to go get a friend who was there to help me fix my car. All the sudden this hottie life gaurd (in red swim trunks with 3 stripes, white/black/white, on the side. - matching my car. LOL) walked up to the car and opened the passanger door to sit in my car. I was a little stunned, becacuse I obviously liked this guy, but thought he had no idea who I was. He sat down and tried to help me with the steering wheel when all the sudden he kissed me! My dream sort of cut in and cut out to us sitting in my car parked near the edge of a cliff where the water was crashing against it. And off in the distance was an eery fog that was rolling in as the sun was setting. I told the guy how bad I was feeling about all the death and destruction that had happened, and wondered why I was one of the people that lived. He told me that I shouldn't feel ashamed for living and that it wasn't my fault that all that happened, and that I should make the best of my life that I am living, and shouldn't waste it by feeling guilty and not worthy of surviving. #3 - This one has nothing to do with the other two, but it has a similar "theme" to it. I was in my old house and it was pouring down rain and the grounds began to flood and I kept trying to keep the water from coming in under the door and I was trying to protect the animals. Then after a while I decided it'd just be easier to open the door so I could try and get to the truck. SO I opened the door and all this water came rushing in and it completely swept me off my feet. I woke up after that, but it was SUCH an odd dream! I just can't figure out what all these mean, or why they've been so vivid lately.

 Another day, another..... well I guess we can fill in the blank LOL! Our power went out again last night for about 20 minutes. This time it just went off followed by a couple of loud booms. It didn't sound good and I thought for certain this would be an all-nighter. Luckily it came back on- while we were on the cell phone with PG & E. Hope everyone has a better Tuesday than Monday. Sherry- PLEASE keep us posted on the kitten- I hope everything works out well! Jen- GK being that nearby must be positively nervewracking for you (to say the least!). I had to LOL about the shirt options- I could see the second one happening. Don't panic yet though- I'm *sure* he got it. I'm sorry to hear about your hair! :( Hang in there! Jayel- I agree. I got a little spoiled last week with that one hottie filled day, and then a little more with Todd making a reappearance on Friday. This is torture, LOL! I smile when Adam's on- I think of you gals here who like him. I imagine he will have lots of airtime until early-mid October.....and who knows what will be happening here after that. There always seems to be *something*. Yeah...we're pretty greedy! :) But....we *do* have good taste! :) Nan- I thought I heard something about that hurricane too- not sure if it'll make it up to us, but sure would be nice. It's been awhile since we've had rain. LOL about what you said about CA truly being a "God forsaken place". I think CA pretty much has it all here.....all except common sense (well, ok-we have a little common sense). Geez.....seems to always be a common thing *they* want *justice* when they're here *illegally*. Speaking of common sense, WHERE IS IT WITH THIS STATE & THIS ISSUE??? *exasperated to tears* I guess I'm a little slow on the uptake (must be the last of sleep the last two days)- you're absoloutely right- that would create more votes for Bustamante. I just didn't think of it that way till you mentioned it. I'm sure my hubby realized it too, but like I said in my sleep deprived state it went right over my head, LOL. Elvis.....ROFLMAO! Walmart.....could be a CA thing- the ones I've gone to in TX (Lake Travis & Marble Falls) were decent, and I *think* the one in AZ was...but less certain on that. Seems like when I go there (to the one in AZ) there's always a bunch of kids running around and a lot of people only speaking "Espanol". I've never found a Walmart in our area up here- they must all be in the East and South Bays. Target is our store of choice. Give me a Target over Walmart any day (must be a familiarity thing). Gotta get started- I'll check in at lunch. EDIT: Melissa- I'll email the photos at lunch!

 Hi all. Agree with Nan, good thinking Melissa on asking Rick about Greg K. It's amazing that he answered with 2 emails! Wonder what kind of work Greg K is doing at the Pentagon? He must be in uniform there, interesting imagery. Jen, does the Pentagon offer tours to tourists? Perhaps a tour there?

 Wow! Just now watching Fox & Friends and Greg Palkot actually chuckled and smiled at a comment from Brian. There is a personality under that buttoned up shirt. Doocy said a hurricane may actually come up into CA. Well why not, we already have earthquakes, tornados (though not as bad as tornado alley), fires, floods, drought - I'm beginning to think this really is a "God forsaken" place. Maybe it's time for CA to fall off into the ocean (after Nat and I get out). Beachfront property in Las Vegas sounds good to me. LOL Jen - Sorry for the tough first day-hopefully things will smooth soon (and you get to sit in a chair). Losing hair, sounds like you need to eat a lot more protein. Greg K, so close, yet so far away *sigh*. Melissa - TWO emails in one day, wow!!! Quick thinking to ask about Greg K. Sherry - Rant away-we're here for ya LOL. Glad it wasn't you that got the ticket. Would the people at the Animal Shelter rather put the kitten to sleep or place in a good home. An interview to adopt a kitten. Priceless. Sure hope it's still there tomorrow. Computer problems-Argh. Ahh come on, admit it, Adam's smile had to cheer you up just a little. LOL Nat - You must be melting up there. Hope it cools off soon!!! A couple weeks ago, illegals had a protest march about getting driver's licenses. A few of the signs had "We Want Justice, Drivers Licenses Now" What???? Justice - you are in this country ILLEGALLY!!!!! Justice would be you going back to the country for which you are a legal citizen. ARGHHHHHH Sigh, feel better now. I have no doubt this bill will pass the Assembly and the Senate and then Davis has already stated he will sign it. Just another way for him to get votes for himself and/or Cruz Bustamante. Shep back later in the week - there's hope for this week yet. Jayel - We are definitely greedy!!! Demanding too LOL Jan - Elvis just reported from Israel on Fox & Friends LOL Nice chatting with you today on AIM. Let's do it again soon. As we LevenGals are from all over the country, I have a stupid question for the day. WalMart commercials - Are there any stores that remotely resemble the one they use in the commercials. All of the WalMarts I have been to are absolutely, positively filthy. There is even trash all over the parking lot. I only shop there if Target doesn't have what I need. Just curious, if it's because here in CA we have slovenly shoppers or it's just a WalMart thing. Good news, there's only one Monday per week and tomorrow is Tuesday. Have a nice night everyone.

 Melissa - Thanks for posting Rick's e-mail. Sounds as though he and Greg K. keep in touch. I would guess that they bonded after going through similar experiences during the war. I can't wait until we get back to full strength on the hotties. It's been a boring day with no Rick, Greg K., Shep, Jeff or Todd. At least Dan Springer is still in Iraq, and Adam Housley gets lots of time thanks to Arnold, but we LevenGals are a greedy bunch, and we want 'em all.

 Well look at that something drastic has happened... OMG I can not believe Greg is at the Pentagon this week - do you know that's less than or just at 30 minutes away from me!! I was thinking about that as I was driving to dinner, omg omg omg I'm freaking out ooo I'm so close to Greg Kelly it's scary...My friend Amanda is like "You should go see him" I'm like "no way!" I mean like he should know how close he is to *me* he could at least stop by - I won't be here but he could wait at my doorstep but the truth is that I could get into the Pentagon and walk past Greg Kelly with a huge sign on me that says "Greg Kelly: I sent you a shirt" and he wouldn't even reconize me :( that is so sad... so AH no news on the shirt, my friend Amanda has 3 theories on the shirt: 1) The shirt scared him off the air 2) Some smoe at Fox News is prancin' around in it or 3) The guy at the post office is prancin' around in it ... I'm pretty sure of either 1 or 2 but I'm sure by the end of the week she'll convince me of three Edit: Okay I spent about 5 hours today unbraiding about 150 braids in my hair and just spent the past 45 minutes crying over the phone to someone about all the hair that's fallen out of my head because of my surgery I mean this is frightening how much hair I've lost...I've lost about 1/2 of a medium trash can full of hair!!!! Hmmm maybe I should go wig shopping before I go drive by the Pentagon in heartbreaking fashion, I wonder if he's staying at the Ritz inside Pentagon City... *411..yes Ritz Carlton, Pentagon City ... Yeah Ritz do you have a guest by the name of...?* Okay wow I've said a lot to today! Just finished my first religion paper! (1 down 15 more to go) What is religion? in 2 pages ... well Govt 301 (Law & Judicial Process is up for tomorrow...7:30 - 8:45 :( so I'll muddle around here and mourn my hair for a bit and then it's off to beddy...I'll be shutting up on the blog now until next week *unless* in some sort of druken stuper I call the Ritz...

 Hey!~ Decided to catch up now instead of tomorrow morning....then I'm going to eat & hit the sack. I *should* try the hard lenses again, but I'm not sure that I'll make it up that late- LOL! Melissa- Again, that's awesome that you got two replies in one day! :D Maybe he's working his way down to mine LOL. Your description of your monring sounds like my description of my afternoon. I hate when I have to tell people "no" ten different ways before they start to get a hint. Hopefully that mess is behind me now! :) Sounds like Rick's catching up though from when he was off. I always hate coming back to 140 emails in your "inbox" LOL- very daunting. You always hope they're mostly "so-and-so will not be in", "food in the copy room", etc. LOL- I'll bet it shocked ya! Especially the second time around! ;D That's like the day I had where I got two replies in one day, one fairly quick after the other- does kinda throw you for a loop. I have some photos fo forward you- some came out OK, so maybe you can post them if you want. I'll email them from work tomorrow and I won't overload your email in box- I promise! LOL! I forwarded the Adam ones I took to Sherry, so I'll pick the best ones plus a couple of Rick (and of course Todd-hehehe). If you want to post- post away! Sherry- Sounds like you've been going through resume hell (is there any other kind of resume, I wonder?). Resumes are the pits, as well as printers that don't work as they should. The Marin Humane Society here was about the same way. Kevin had a much easier time getting Maggie at the SFSPCA. I'm sorry they're being so difficult- with all the animals out there, you'd think they'd make it easier for you. I hope your day got better, or at least tomorrow will make up for today! **GROUP HUG** As always, feel free to rant away! Sounds like we were all having a "Monday" or more like a Monday from hell. OK- I'm really hthinking that I gotta send that email to Todd now! Geez Louise......I'm all wound up and yet so darned tired. LOL! Yeah- it got to 92 up here in San Rafael. It's down to 82 outside & inside. Not bad considering it was 85 last night at 10. Glad you're getting some great weather- especially no humidity- isn't that odd for you there? I've always heard how yucky it can be in the east (and midwest, and southeast....). You gals talking about school make me kinda miss being in school. I told Jen that I always liked getting my books (well, not the prices, but the books-yes) and perusing each one to see what I was going to be learning. I *don't* miss the research papers. Writing was fun, especially reading what everyone else came up with. *My head hurts* EDIT: One more thing- Nan- what do you think about Davis trying to push through all this stuff (ala Clinton) before he's ousted? I'm sure you're as riled up as I am about it. I was asleep in the car on the way home today & I woke right up when they said that the CA Assembly (I believe) are at this moment deliberating over if illegals should be able to get CA drivers licenses. If they do this, mark my words, the next "9/11" will occur here in CA, because *anyone* will be able to get a CA license without having any background checks or fingerprints. God help us.....seriously.

 Hey gals- just a quick post before I have to start into work again. I'm completely dazed & confused today- I think I got about an hour's worth of sleep last night- it was sooo hot. Yesterday it got to 95 outside (85 inside- with fans on). At 10 last night it was still 80 inside. I think it was a combination of the heat and Sunday Night Insomnia. Then this morning I took a Sudafed, so I'm really on a roll now. I'm somewhere where I'm half here & half somewhere else, and yet I'm really productive. Very odd. I take it there's either been no hottie sightings today or that everyone is away from their TVs (and haven't been able to view their tapes). I didn't tape today- had a feeling it'd be a slow hottie day for some reason. Nan- Glad you had a great weekend! Sorry Logan's tournament didn't go as he expected, but it's good that he made the realization that he needs more practice- a lot of kids don't make that realization (or don't like to admit it, lol!). You are *so welcome* for the words of encouragement- you always have us here- even on slow/vacant days! :) I'm hoping the fog will relieve us of the heat- it feels hot in SF today- and it's usually cooler here than in San Rafael. Quick check of Weather.com says 83 degrees (feels like 84) in SF. San Rafael is 90 (feels like 89). So, about the same as yesterday. It peaked at 95 around 3:00 yesterday. It looks like things should be cooling off again- YAY!! Jen- I'm sorry you had to sit on the ground in your current state! I remember how those first days back were- people would try to crash classes and the room was always way overfilled for the first or second class meetings. Sounds like they intend to really keep you busy there this semester! I'm not a very quick reader- I was always behind. I was always afraid of overlooking something if I read to fast. Hopefully it'll be interesting enough to hold your interest and get through it quicker. Hang in there! And enjoy it while you can (I sometimes miss going to classes- even if it meant studying all the time.). OK- gotta get ready to go home- I'll check in with ya'll tomorrow. I gotta get some sleep tonight. Have a good one!! EDIT- wow- a lot of you posted since I started this! Melissa- congrats on the reply!! I'm still waiting, but.....who knows. Sounds like you're having a *happy happy joy joy* afternoon- YAY!! : ) Hmm.... you seem to have the right way of asking.... I may just have to ask you to send Todd that email for me requesting a photo LOL!! : )

 Hello Ladies. Well I'm finally getting around to posting. The last two days have just been awful. Yesterday I went to print my resumes (I have to mail two a week while I'm on unemployment) and my printer (that I just got last year for Christmas) decides it wants to start eating the paper and won't feed it. I tried everything and couldn't get it to work. So I dig my old printer out and hook that up and can't find the program to load it to the computer so it won't print. After about an hour of looking my hubby said try the website and see if you can download. Thank god I could so that ended up working out but I was in a bad mood by then. Today I go to the animal shelter and I decide I want to adopt this adoarable 4 month old kitten. It was so playful and loveable so I go to fill out the paper work and these people there are not the nicest people in the world. You have to fill out this huge application and and then they tell me that I can't adopt until I can prove that my current cat has all her shots. Well she needs a destemper shot so I have to take her tomorrow. They then will interview me once my cat has all her shots. I asked them to hold my kitten until tomorrow when I could get all this done and they told me no they can't hold it. So I tell them you want me to jump through all these hoops to adopt a pet and your not even going to hold it for me. I was so mad at this point. I know that they need to be carfeful so the animals don't get returned but these people were just crazy. So tomorrow I will pay $60.00 to have my current cat have her shots and then I will go for my interview to see if I would be a good pet owner and if I'm approved I can then take my kitty home (which my not be there anymore). Then we get home and my hubby got one of those photo tickets in the mail where he ran a red light and the ticket was $75.00. When he opened it I was hoping it was not mine. I said what else is going to happen, oh I know Aunt Flo is visiting and I have awful cramps. LOL!! Not even seeing Adam cheered me up so I must be bad off. Thanks for listening to ranting ladies. GROUP HUG!!! Melissa - Hands of my Adam - LOL Just kidding. I'll share. He was on all weekend so I thought he was off today and there he was a few minutes ago. How cool is it that Rick sent you an email. Thanks for asking where Greg is, I guess we may see him next week. Jen - I'm with you girl. I'm taking a break from all my homework and reading now and going crazy. I'm trying to get into the swing of things. Nat - So you were roasting out there. It has actually been beautiful here the last couple of days. No humidity which is always nice. Thanks for the pictures. You should have Melissa post a few of Rick and Adam on the blog. Well I gotta get back to homework.

 Hi guys! Melissa, thanks for the interesting news! So cool that Rick wrote to you twice and on top of all that, news about Greg K! Wow, so Greg K is doing his Marine Reserve duty at the Pentagon? What kind of work? Jen, any updates on the Greg shirt thing? Hope your school stuff is going great!

 Oh this day is getting better! Adam is on!!! He hasn't been on all day, and now it's like *bam* he's on. I cried "ADAM!" when he came on. LOL I think I'm just being deranged LOL. It's been a hottie overload for me today. First Rick replies, then a hottie who lives here at the townhouses comes up to the office TWICE, then Rick replies again, now Adam is on. All this excitement within an hour! *big grin* This afternoon is definately making up for the bad morning. LOL

 OH lookie Jen -- I guess I should be careful what I ask for. (A quick reply that won't give me a heart attack from surprise.) Except it was so quick of a reply that I am nearly dead at the moment. LOL Guess I just can't win. just talked to greg. he's at the pentagon this week, fulfilling his marine corp requirements, and will be back in atlanta next week. all the best, rick So I guess that answers the age old question of "Where's Greg?" Later girls! I'll be back tonight.

 Hey guys I read some of the posts this morning, but have long since forgotten what they said. LOL I'll reply when I get home tonight. But look what I got in my Inbox to cheer up this crap ass morning I've had. i can't remember if i sent you a photo or not... did i? if not i'll get one out to you this week! thanks, rick I think my heart stopped for a minute straight when I saw it. This is the second time a reply has come much later than I thought, and it has shocked the crap outta me. :-) I replied and told him he did send one, and thanks for it, and complemented him on the great job he's doing in W. Va. I also put in a special PS for all the people who were wondering where Greg is. I just basically asked if he'd even know what Greg was up to, or if he was still in Iraq. I doubt he knows, but it's worth a shot. :) Well I gotta get back to work.

 *weakly climbs the steps up to the computer* Hey everyone - my semester trademark AIM message of "Consider me dead" is gone so that means I'm back from school - somewhat alive... So my best friend Amanda woke me up at 6:45 for my 9:00 class which ment I couldn't go back to sleep if I tried so I ended up getting to school at 7:45 which on the plus side ment plenty of room to try to back into my parking space, I got to the bistro inside our library/food court/bookstore/grocery store/etc building and paid 5.00 for the breakfast "buffet" and of course all I could eat was 1 slice of bacon and about 1/4 oz of potatoes I've got one more class (Law & The Judicial Process) but that's for other days. Today wasn't so bad except for the fact that my last class my Con Law class there were about 55 people and 44 seats and since I was pulled out to lunch with someone I know both of us ended up with our asses on the floor for 1 h and 15 minutes and did I mention that learning how to ride a bike this weekend I ended up spraining my lower back and popping a joint in my lower back out of the socket and it still hasn't been put back into place? No? Well sitting on the floor isn't good for an injury like that...good thing my friend was strong enough to help my out of shape butt up. Religion class is different well we have a paper due every week but we get to take our exams in a group if we want. French is kinda of a bore - I think I'm the only one in my class who isn't a freshman and understood what the teacher was saying in french but we do have 3 quizzes a week so :( - Con. Law (aside from having to damn near make a reservation for a seat) seems to be okay, a lot of quizzes, papers and such but she only wants 8-10 page papers and I'm like 'yesss' trust me after 15-20 page papers in the class *before* this one 8-10 could be done in my sleep. Haven't started Law & Judicial Process, I know the prof. he's okay guy but he wants papers too :( Oh well well I gotta go and start writing my first religion paper (it's due Wed) and I should read for it too - we've got 150 pages of reading due by the middle of Septemeber and it takes me for-eve-r to ready...I shall check back in about a week, sooner if something drastic happens.

 Hi LevenGals! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Mine was pretty good - oldest son, Brendon, came home for the day Friday. In the afternoon, Logan came home followed shortly by a group of his friends. It was great to have a full house (if only for an evening), though it does get expensive feeding them. LOL Saturday, spent the day at Logan's tennis tournament. He had an epiphany-he needs to increase practice time. After winning his last two tournaments, his practice time had decreased dramatically and well he was handed his lunch yesterday. At least the tournament was at a nice country club. Nice quiet day today-church and then a nap. Back to the grind tomorrow. Haven't seen much TV the last couple of days, though did see Adam today. At least it wasn't a total zero. Thanks so much to all for the words of encouragement. Words cannot express how much I appreciate each and everyone you. We really do have a wonderful group of ladies!! Many thanks to Melissa for creating and maintaining a place for us to share in the good and the bad. Just know that I am here for all of you just as you have been there for me. Jayel Thanks for the Bible versus. I looked up, read and highlighted each of them and they did (as only the Word can) comfort me. There is no way I could give up the blog you're so right our discussions sure can meander. ROFL at your jury story. I think I would fit in with the hang the lowlife group. I've never even been called to jury duty, I've been labeled unwanted and the defense attorneys in this county haven't even met me. I should be offended, being dissed by a bunch of trial lawyers, but for some reason, I'm not. LOL Geraldo? In tight jeans? Sock? I see what you mean about slightly raunchy. Too funny. Jan Now that you mention it, Jonathon does look like Elvis Costello. Especially with the those glasses. Let's hope that Shep took only a one week and not a two week (horrors) vacation. Sherry My oldest son's girlfriend loves scrap booking too. Like Nat I wish I had the patience for it. Went to a scrap booking party once and produced one beautiful page. Left with all the greatest of intentions to build upon that accomplishment. That was several years ago and I still have only the one lonely page. LOL I'd also be a mad bride if my new hubby cut short our honeymoon for work. Geraldo seems to have a very healthy ego he seems to think that he's the only one who can get the story. Nat Hopefully it's cooled down by now up there. 82 degrees, is hot for up the Bay Area and no A/C yikes!!! Glad the electricity was off for only a few hours. I walk around in the dark at night all the time (bathroom, drink of water, etc) and it doesn't bother me. But let the power go off and some how all those comforting noises of home become sinister. Must be like Jan said, a control thing. Hope you get some answers and reassurances tomorrow at work. Footage of Geraldo's wedding? Why not do a compilation of all of them they could even put it to music using the Carpenter's 'We've Only Just Begun and Begun and Begun and . . .' well you get the picture. LOL Well that's it for me I'll check in tomorrow.

 Hey girlies! Everyone must be having a busy weekend! It's going to be a hot one here today- it's already 82 outside (75 inside) and barely a breeze. I think it must be fairly humid too, as it's that balmy kind of heat. It wouldn't be so bad if we had a cooler or AC, but as long as I'm in front of a fan, it's not bad. ;) Kevin's up on the mast again- the back one. Jan- Hopefully your cousin won't be a bridezilla & then wifezilla. Maybe she'll tone down in time- I can see how that kind of behavior can be rough on a marriage. My aunt does great at the scrapbooking thing too- she is a rep for one of the scrapbooking companies (can't remember the name off hand right now- it'll come to me). When I saw her last Nov. she had all this really cool stuff and has done extremely well with her scrapbooks. I wish I had the time & the space to do that. Maybe it'll be one of those things I do once Kevin retires and we move to TX (hoping/assuming I don't have to keep working- we'll see). LOL about the QVC thing! We watch every once in awhile- I forget who always has the computers, but Kevin will pause on there and say that they sound like a great deal- but I'm the skeptical one. They do get some really good deals on a lot of things in general on there. Ya know, I think we're all like long lost sisters or something! We seem to have a lot in common with one another! :D Your nightmares sound exactly like what goes through my mind when the power goes off. I just *know* someone is lurking in the shadows, LOL. What you say makes total sense- that when you're in control of the lights it's one thing but when you're not- it's something else completely. Good question about the smoke and the wires. I'd say this smelled more woodsy than electrical though. Sherry- Adam's been on a couple of times today too- you're lucking out! :D Hobby & craft day on QVC prolly would have been dangerous for me too- I got on a latch hook rug kit kick (try saying that 3 times fast LOL) last summer (Ebay, Michael's & Ben Franklin's) and bought all kinds of kits. Then it was the needlepoint and OOH- I gotta try embroidery and cross stitch! So now, I prolly have more kits than I can possibly do in a lifetime (hmm...added to all the books....). Three of my Christmas presents to family members last year were latch hook rugs & a needlepoint. I did a TX flag with "Texas" in the middle of it for my mother in law- that one I did by hand, but their flag is easy enough to do. My mom really gets into craft stuff too- she was always doing embroidery, needlepoint, crochet, and some bead stuff later on. LOL- good thing I didn't see QVC yesterday. Funny you mention Geraldo- today they're saying that they were going to have footage from the wedding. Which is fine & well, but if they're going to do that, why couldn't they have had more than 30 seconds of Rick & the Operation Welcome Home parade from last weekend??? Argh. LOL, you know, Friday night Kevin said "what do you think they did in the old days without electricity?" And I, in my sarcastic fashion said, "well they were used to it- they didn't know what it was to have it. They always used candles then and didn't know anything different." LOL It was nice with the candles, but still unnerving at the same time. OMG....HotToddie....that boy (lol, ok, MAN) has been heavy on the brain since Friday....talk about hottie overload! Unless Rick starts showing his face more, Todd may beat him out! LOL!! I have some photos that I took Friday of Thursday's videotaping- Adam, Rick & Todd- I'll forward the Adam ones to you probably tomorrow morning. It's easier to send them from work (newer computer). What's really a drag with Windows 98 is that I don't have the "thumbnail" option when it comes to viewing files in Windows Explorer, so I have to open each photo file to see what photo it is. At work, it lays them all out at once so I can see what I'm selecting. I'm thinking I may get a new laptop later this year when all the deals come out. OK- gotta try to get my old lenses in now. Tried the hard ones earlier- I think the right one is too tight- my eye was watering like crazy. The overall weird feel to them is getting better and I'm able to get them in & out easier. We'll see what my optometrist says Tuesday- I know she said one looked a little off- I'm hoping it's the right one (as that would explain the uncomfortableness of it). Chat with ya'll later!

 Hi Gals, Wow, it's been getting slower and slower in here lately...hopefully Shep will be back Monday, and we will have more sightings of 'our' guys. I went to a bridal shower for my cousin, she is getting married for the second time. Her fiance is a really nice guy, and his family is real close, like my family is, but I can't help but feel sorry for them because she can be so rude to him. I think that is partially what caused her first marriage to break up. I hope she can straighten up her act, because to let this guy go would be a big mistake. Sherry, I would love to have the patience to scrapbook, my aunt does a wonderful job scrapping. I have a lot of pictures that would be really fun to arrange, but I have no patience. I started to do one, and four pages later I shut the book and haven't been back. My sister's friend did some scrapbooking for other people and made a lot of money. If school doesn't work out for ya.....:-) She charged like $5.00 a page plus the expenses, I think she could have charged more, she does a great job too....QVC and my mom are best friends....they sent her a Christmas card last year!!! They really do have some nice stuff.... Natalie, the more you post, the more I can relate to you....I hate the dark too, I have nightmares that I'm in a dark house and none of the lights work and the flashlight is out of batteries. I guess I don't mind the dark when I know all I have to do is turn on a light, but 'forced' darkness is scary....Could the smoke have been from "one of the lines fixing to catch fire"? I keep thinking that today is Sunday (actually it might be before I hit 'post') so I'm a bit off...I know, you couldn't tell the difference....Our student at the pharmacy left to go back to school so I'm filling in a couple nights a week again until we get the newest tech up to speed....I don't like the hours, but I enjoy the beefed up paycheck.... Here's hoping you all are having a wonderful weekend, and that Monday brings us "Shep and Our Gang"......

 Hello! Hope everyone is having a great weekend. Got to see Adam on TV today so that was a nice little surprise. Usually the weekends have none of the hotties on. I have been watching QVC all day since they are having Hobby and Craft Day today. That could be dangerous for me. They have all this scrapbooking stuff on there and I love scrapbooking. I have been good so far and haven't ordered anything though. I'm writing down item number for later. Oh I see Geraldo is back in Baghdad so I guess he will be all over the place. Greg Jarrett went to him and Greg said he cut his honeymoon short to cover the UN bombings. I hope he is kidding because if that is the case I would be one mad bride and that marriage isn't going to last long. I think there are plenty or reporters already there to cover the story. Nat - I hate when the electricity goes out. I always think about back in the old days when they didn't have it and how spoiled we actually are. I think I miss my tv most when it goes out. HotToddie was looking hot this week. I like that longer hair look. He definitely needs to update his Fox photo. Glad you got lucky with the jury thing. Jan - I forgot to send your pictures yesterday so they are on their way now. Hopefully you will get them and they will work for you. I wish my camera would have taken better ones. Well gotta go get some things done. Talk to you ladies later.

 Hey gals! We had a little "excitement" last night. I was about to shut down the computer for the night when all of a sudden the power goes gim & then out. It was very strange. Usually it just goes out, not slowly out. We went out to see what was going on & someone said that PG & E (Pacific Gas & Electric) was out by the grocery store working on the lines. Kevin went over there and found out that it was the transformer. I guess PG & E could tell there was a problem & sent a crew out who then turned off the power. They said one of the lines was fixing to catch fire and it could've been a lot worse. We were only without power from 8:30 to about midnight; it took them longer because they had to go to their warehouse to get a couple of specialty-like parts. We have battery back up, but we didn't want to drain it so I lit a bunch of candles and waited it out. I started to get sleepy and then blew them all out. I have never liked complete darkness- one of those childhood things that still give me the heebie-jeebies. There was some light in the back of the boat (not sure what from as I didn't see the moon- I guess from distant city lights). But when I leaned out of the bunk & looked forward, it was pitch black save for the battery power guage light. Yeah, I'm a baby when it comes to complete darkness. I have *NO* idea how you guys affected by the East Coast blackout did it. I guess you just *do* and make due with what you've got. I admire ya'll for that. It was nice with the candles- I *love* candles and it gave me an excuse to light a lot of them. Jan- What you wrote to Nan was beyond words- you said what I was thinking but couldn't gather the words to write- all very true! Yeah, HR is on my to do list for Monday- I think I will write out something this weekend. MSN is weird with email I've noticed (and now remember). My other stepson has MSN and it seems he has trouble opening attachments (or they just disappear altogether). My grandma & her boyfriend (hehehe- cute, huh!) have MSN too and sometimes I have trouble sending to them too. LOL- Jonathan Hunt & Elvis Costello- YEAH! There *is* something similar about them, huh! I'm going to have to go back to the article again- I missed the Rosenthal connection. Well, I'm going to try to be on AIM today. I need to get some stuff done around here today, especially now that a killer sinus headache has left the boat. I think there was a big fire around here somewhere yesterday but I couldn't find anything about it online. The smell was very overpowering- so much that I had to use my inhaler (and this was late last night), so I think that had something to do with it. But I've had my drugs of choice (Sudafed Cold/Allergy & Advil) and I'm back in action. So.....I'll prolly be on, and if I'm away, I'll try to remember to put my away message on. I need to help Kevin outside here & there (he's painting the lower part of the mast that they didn't get done last weekend) so I'll need to crank the winch (the thing that raises & lowers sails & now humans-lol- up & down the mast).

 Hi Gals Jen, I would totally go to Oxford if I had the chance. My cousin studied in Italy last year, and she had a blast. It's about the only time you could do it without obligations such as a job, debts, etc....Now is the time to do all that fun stuff, we'd miss you of course, but I think they have computers there ;-) Jen, I'm sorry to hear about all the pain your family has suffered, you are a truly good person, we should all have your Faith..... Nan, I don't know what to say....I don't know what I'd feel, or how I'd deal with it either, just know that we will be here for you, no 'fair weather friends' here. There is no right or wrong way to behave, so don't be too hard on yourself, and DON"T feel guilty for any of it....I will add your family to my prayers too....Um, email Leslie at your own risk, the info is kinda....strange....Good luck to Logan.... Natalie, glad you got to see HotToddie so much today....I'd go straight to HR before anything else happens, hopefully it doesn't and your trip there will be moot, but get in there and get your feelings out, maybe they are waiting for more people to voice their concerns before they can do anything. There is absolutely no reason in this day and age that you should feel unsafe at work....by all means, take that stress leave if you feel you need to, better to be safe than sorry! Glad you didn't get stuck in a long trial.... Sherry, I haven't gone over to AOL yet to see if that worked, but I'm starting to be convinced it's MSN, so I'm fairly confident about AOL...thanks for resending them.... Jayel, whenever we LevenGals can be a bad influence, we consider it a good day.... :-P I completely agree with your assessment on Greg P, you hit that nail on the head....but there's something about him that I like, him and Tobin.... Melissa, glad you found your keys, that is a little scary leaving them in the door like that, I know, because I've done it...actually I did it once and my sister did it once....Jonathan Hunt makes me think of Elvis Costello whenever I see him, so it make it a little difficult to take him too seriously....I had to chuckle about your Rosenthal remark the other day, did you notice in that article I posted that hogged the blog that at one point, the reporter referred to him as "Rosenthal"?

 Hey gals! Time to catch up! I was only gone for about an hour this morning- boy did I ever luck out. Supposedly I'm good for two years now. LOL- makes me wonder if I should have already been good- I just went last August. Either way, it's a 3 day weekend for me-yay!! I've been getting laundry done & going through yesterday's tape. I took a *bunch* of photos. Yesterday was a great hottie day! Today was ok (since Todd was on a bit- same story, but that's ok). There's something burning outside somewhere- it's smelled like smoke for the last 2 hours or so. Hopefully it's nothing nearby & not my storage unit. :-/ Jen- I got your email & need to reply to ya. Great to see ya posting though! :) Sorry the oompas are paying a visit. I will definitely try to catch you on AIM this weekend since it'll be email only once school starts for you next week. Study abroad would be great! If I hadn't been so relationship bound (mentally, as I see myself as being so boyfriend-dependent (read as: clingy)) I might've done that. That BF later turned first marriage really axed a lot that I could have done- but as they say hindsight is 20/20. (OOOH- Todd's on Fox Report!) Ya know, between watching that tape from yesterday & what I've seen of Todd today, I've got to have good dreams tonight! MMMMMM HMMMMMMMM.......LOL!! ANYWAY.....If you have the chance to do the study abroad, girl, I'd go for it. We'd miss you, but that's what email is for, and I'm sure you'd have access there at the library of wherever you choose to go. ;) Wow, girl, you poor thing! To have lost so many family members to cancer. I've had a cousin (like a once removed cousin or something like that) and a great great aunt die of cancer, but we seem to have more heart related problems in my family. I lost both grandpas to heartattacks (one at 53 and the other at 64). I remember my dad's dad, but my sister was 2 months away from being born when he died. We've had a close family friend and I lost a coworker last year to breast cancer. I'm planning on doing the 'walk for the cure' this year in memory of her. I really like what you wrote about the book of prayers that they have at your mass. That's so powerful! Nan- I agree- Leslie will have to share her 'interesting dreams' with us- *some* of us here don't have exciting dreams! We need to live vicariously through ya'll who *do* have great dreams. LOL! The contacts were a bit better last night- other than the initial burning, the only other thing is that my right eye (more muscle wise) is sore after I wear them for a time. I'm very sure that it's a stronger prescription 'cause God knows I can see better detail on stuff with the new ones. Definitely worth going through the temporary pain. I think these things take time to get used to- glad your glasses are getting a bit better. I still listen to quite a bit of 70's stuff like Frampton, Eagles, Santana, etc because it reminds me of home & my family (I was raised on classic rock- I used to say I have 'hip parents'). It's comfort music to me. LOL- poor Rick! Don't let Joan Rivers get to him- she'll rip him to shreds for his clothing choices that day LOL! (Also to Jan)- I haven't seen the Will & Grace episode, but it sounds hilarious! I'm *really* sorry to hear about your dad's cancer coming back. You know you can *always* count on us if you need a shoulder or more. Also remember that doctors don't always know everything and that the mind has a big role in how things go a lot of the time. I tend to react the same way- put my head in the sand and hope that when I come out again, everything will be like it was before (all better). You're not a downer! Like everyone else said, we're all here for you. I'll be praying for you! Know what you're saying about the whole aids thing- that's been our argument too- that it's totally preventable and yet they get all the attention. Just sickening..... Kevin said I should put my concerns in writing to HR. I probably should. I notice that they're taking more visible action now- I'm definitely going to bring home just about everything I have there (desk decorating stuff) which is disheartening because it does really give more comfort to the day; I'd rather have it than not, though. I need to talk to my co-worker again- I Yahoo IM'd her this morning, but since we don't know who's checking what she can't tell me *all* of what's going on. She's doing ok, but shaky. She was one of the ones whose cords were cut but they also defaced some of her pictures she had up and wrote something really bad on one of them- something threatening. I worry about her because she's pregnant (like 4 months) and don't want anything to happen. She was my mentor when I first started so we've been semi close. You're right- this is CA, the land of the lawsuits! Good luck to Logan on his tennis tournament tomorrow!! : ) Sherry- Nope- no trial- but I tell ya, I was holding my breath when she was reading off the names of the people who were to go downstairs to the courtroom. I only had to wait another 10 minutes before what was left of us there were dismissed. There really weren't that many people that showed up- and it was to have been groups 2 through 23 that were to have reported. Last time I went there were a lot more people. They probably called to reschedule- LOL! I think if I wasn't working and had nothing else going on, it'd be interesting. LOL, I must've just missed the Rosen/mole thing this morning. I had it on, but was probably in the other room at the time. Melissa- No Rick today as far as I could tell. I like Todd's hair that way too. It's so funny, 'cause when you look at his Fox photo (in the bios), it hardly looks like him- he needs to update his bio photo! LOL He is really cute the way he looks now.... you know what's funny, is that his nose reminds me of Kevin's. Has a sorta similar shape or something. I caught Fox & Friends for the last 45 minutes. I'm not crazy about that Kathy chick they had on (she's ok- kinda funny, but was starting to get on my nerves), and Richard Simmons....well, I'll just leave that at that. I should have taped it too, but wasn't thinking last night. I loved the croc guy when he was wrestling the stuffed alligator and then Brian says "bad news- he's got a son!" ROFLMAO!! There were some other funnies, but I forget now what they were (bad, huh?). OMG- I'd be freaking out if I saw my keys hanging from the front door! Look on the bright side- you'll probably never do it again- LOL! Sounds like something I would do given the opportunity. Actually, my version would be more like dropping my keys into the water. LOL- poor Palkot- between he and Tobin, we're always teasing them one way or another, LOL! I completely missed the Just & Kelly thing- I was so engrossed in catching up on the blog LOL! And I'm *right* in front of the TV too....sad! Jayel- Despite only seeing the last 45 minutes of Fox & Friends, I was also hoping for some Fox reporters to show up or have replays of them. Aww, how thoughtful of you to put the Bible verses there for Nan! :) I know it's been said before, but feel the need to say it again: I'm proud of our little group here and how we're all here for one another. ***group hug*** LOL at your jury duty story- I *know* I'd have that same look on my face. I was laughing to myself when I left there today that they probably saw I'm a registered Republican and thought "oh, get rid of her- don't call her name". I was hoping for Rick today too....especially since I was off for most the day. Wow, if Dan has already left Iraq, he didn't stay very long. Maybe he was 'relief' for Greg P. LMAO about the Greg P. analogy! Too true.... Have you gals ever checked out the "Say What?!" portion of the Fox Fan portion of Fox's site? There's some good stuff on there (including James Rosen's Howard Cosell & Muhammad Ali impressions). Rick's in there too- with Shep when he did the bear story (about the sleeping bag & Shep keeping more than food in his sleeping bag). They also have a Fox & Friends video there with some of best moments. I haven't watched that one yet, but it can be found here at urlLink The Very Best! . The "Say What?!" archive is at urlLink Say What? Archive . I *think* the bear thing is in the July 18th one.

 ROFLMAO @ Rick F. right now! Did you all catch that "Just & Kelly" joke they played on him!!! Even my dad was crakin' up! I'll be back in a little bit gotta head off to dinner.

 Jen - I hope that all of your school plans work out for you. You sound very ambitious. Leslie - While you're recuperating, perhaps you can look through all of those delicious sounding recipes of yours and decide which ones to send in to Studio B to help replenish the recipes that they lost. I hope that you get to feeling better soon. Sherry - I must have been expecting too much of Fox & Friends because I was disappointed in what they chose not to show. There have to have been quite a few funny moments when various Fox reporters called in or appeared as guests. I would have liked to have seen that rather than some of the stuff that they chose to put on today. I get the distinct feeling that Fox executives greatly underestimate how entertaining their own people are and feel that outside guests are far more interesting to viewers. Nan - I'm very sorry to learn of the bad news concerning your father. I'll pray for you and your family. Like you, I'm not in favor with the money that is being spent on a totally preventable disease like AIDS. Here are some Bible verses that may be of comfort to you: Isaiah 65:17 Revelation 21:4 I Corinthians 2:9 1 Thessalonians 4:13 & 14 Do keep reading the blog, Nan. You will need something to distract you and lift your spirits. One of the great things about this blog is the way that we can discuss something serious and go from that to something funny, frivolous or slightly raunchy. Melissa - Jonathan Hunt is a good reporter, I think. Something about him makes me think of him as the Brit version of Eric Shawn. He frequently unbuttons his shirt, too, but since he's not exactly my idea of a hottie, it's all for nought. Sorry, Jonathan. Natalie: I was called to jury duty once. We were all seated in a large courtroom, separated into various panels and as trials were about to begin, the lawyers involved would come in, look over the room and choose the panels that they wanted for their trials. My panel was the very last one chosen. (We were the courtroom wallflowers) The judge who was presiding over the selection process assured us that being unwanted by all of the attorneys was actually a great compliment, but that didn't sound quite right. Lol! Every time that we went into a courtroom, the attorneys would look at us, then confer with each other and the judge and would decide to settle. Finally, we actually got as far as hearing the opening statement of a defense attorney. The defendant had broken into the home of an elderly woman, and after neighbors spotted him and called the police, the police had arrived in time to catch the man literally in the act of raping the elderly woman. The defense atty. tried to pitch the idea that the defendant was mentally incompetent, despite admitting that he had been unable to find a psychologist willing to testify to this. Finally, after his opening statement, he looked at all of us on the jury and our expressions must have said, "Let's hang the lowlife," because he hurriedly conferred with the defendant and then announced that the defendant was going to plead guilty. I never got to actually experience any trial since everyone gave up after one look at us, so my jury duty experience wasn't very exciting. You girls keep talking about Shep and "bulges," thus forcing me to chime in against my will. Lol! This isn't about Shep, though, but about Geraldo. When he was on with Jay Leno a couple of months ago, Geraldo came out wearing tight jeans. The thought crossed my mind that Geraldo may have decided to give nature some help by stuffing a sock down the front of his jeans. You LevenGals are a bad influence! This has been another one of those barren Rickless days, so I feel like whining and whimpering. With only a couple of exceptions (Adam Houseley with Arnold and Bret Baier at the Pentagon), there's nothing that we can count on regarding regular appearances from certain reporters, unless they've been sent to Iraq. Speaking of Iraq, Greg P. may have replaced Dan Springer. I haven't seen Dan in several days. I do believe that Greg P.'s facial expressions and tone of voice would be exactly the same if he were mentioning that a bullet had just whizzed by his head or relating what he had eaten for lunch.

 Well just getting around to posting. I have been babysitting all day so I haven't been around. I taped Fox though. Fox and Friends was great this morning. I loved all the flashbacks they did. Nan - I'm so sorry to hear about your dad. My prayers are with you. Cancer is such an awful disease and I've known serveal people that have had it. Glad to hear Adam is on, I taped since my friend doesn't get Fox News at her house. Nice getting a Friday off. Nat - How was jury duty?? Did you get put on a trial?? My husband had to go a couple months ago and he got put on a drug smuggling case and he said it was pretty interesting. They ended up making a deal on the third day so he didn't get stuck too long. I agree I would go to HR, they need to know that their employees don't feel safe and they need to do something about it. I see Todd is on today. Jen - Good luck with your school. Jan - I still have the pics so I'll send them to your AOL address. Melissa - James was being funny on Fox and Friends. It was the 6:00 hour and Julian said something to him about his mole and they were joking around. It was funny. Thinks for the Adam alert. I think he always dresses great.

 Good morning Ladies! Home from work today - we're getting new computer servers at the office so - no computers - no work - on a Friday no less. Wahoo!!! Anyway, got to see Hottie Toddie this morning and Adam. So far, so good. Adam said he would be following Ahnold around today so we'll probably get to see quite a bit on him. Jen - Thanks for the prayers - I know what you mean about the prayer book - attended Catholic church while growing up. Actually got married in one, just don't like the church here. Sorry to hear of all the losses in your family to this horrible disease. So much $$ is dedicated to research of aids (a totally preventable disease) and it seems not enough to those diseases that are just the "luck of the draw". My dad doesn't have any of the risk factors associated with contracting cancer, so came as a big shock. Talk with you more on AIM (if not before Monday - good luck with school). Melissa - I too forgot to tape Fox & Friends. I even went as far as to delete today's episode from my taping list on TiVo. STUPID!!! Wasn't thinking too clear last night. Oh well!!! I've left my keys in the front door too!!! And with my luck someone stole them. Had to get all the locks changed, including the ignition on the car. It was about a month after I got married, but hubby forgave me - thank goodness. LOL Nat - Do go to HR and complain - no way should anyone have to work in an unsafe environment. Threaten to sue, this is CA afterall and most companies understand you would win in court on the flimsyest (sp?) of excuses and you have a REAL situation there. Take care and keep us updated. Better get some work done here at home. Hubby is off golfing this morning (we're actually off work on the same day)!!! Logan has a tennis tournament in Fresno tomorrow and we may go look at houses while we're up there. Possible move up there next summer. Everyone have a great day!!!

 I haven't had a chance to read any of the posts this morning sof I'm sorry if I'm being repetitive. I haven't seen Rick yet this morning, but I imagine he'll be on sometime today. I saw Todd this morning. His hair is getting longer in the back. I like it better that way. It gives him sort of an "edge" hehe. BUT OMG! *whines* I COMPLETELY forgot to record Fox & Friends this morning!!! I woke up late at 7:30 this morning becuase I forgot to set my alarm so I was rushing around this morning. OH and I was running around my house for 15 minutes trying to find my keys, so I finally gave up and borrowed my dad's keys, and on my way out I noticed my keys hanging from the front door. THANK GOD no one took them! I seriously would loose my head if it weren't attached to me. Jonathan Hunt is in Gaza right now and they're showing clips of the "protest" parade that went on yesterday and they were shooting off guns. He better be careful! His voice sounds just like a local talk radio guy we have here. YAY! James is on right now. Hopefully he'll be funny, but probably not because he's reporting on the UN's reaction to the bomb. ------ Nope, no funny quips. :( Oh now Adam is on! Talking about Arnold and Gray Davis as usual. UGH Adam is interviewing this lady that works where Arnold will be visiting today. Wouldn't you just LOVE to be that lady? Adam looks nice in a light blue shirt a black (maybe navy) tie. He also has a nice watch on. :) Hopefully it's not a Rolex. LOL! Wow Patty Ann looks really pretty today! Someone did her makeup really nice today. Maybe she got a haircut or something as well. Wow now all I need is Rick to help make this morning look a little brighter. :) A little Greg K. would be nice, but I'm sure he's relaxing in some European hotel right now. I told Jen that I think they gave him a little time off, but that he probably didn't come back home because they'd probably just send him back over there soon after he got back, so he's probably vacationing in Europe somewhere. :) Well I gotta get back to work. I'll come catch up at lunch. edit: Greg "Valum" Palkot was just on. I told Jen yesterday that he sounds like one of those smokers that has to have a voice box when he speaks. Either that or he sounds a lot like that scientist on The Simpsons. hehe

 It's a Todd kind of day!! : ) Yeah, I'm home- I ended up getting called in for jury duty which is good- I need a break from the drama at work. I can probably go into more of what's going on on AIM- hopefully if I get out of jury duty early enough today. Idon't have to be there till 9:30- so I thought I'd check in really quick. My keyboard is acting up again, so I may respond to posts later. Wow, I can't believe I've been so lucky to see Todd twice already! *What* a hottie! Brings a smile to my face every time! ;-D Leslie- I'm glad things went well, but sorry that you're sore! :( Hope you feel better soon! Even on Percocet, you've got your sharp wit! :) I'm tellin' ya, this stuff at work is like nothing I've experienced before. They put out an email that they have now installed security cameras, and like my co-worker said though, whomever is doing it will prolly stop now...but.....IF the person set the fire yesterday, I would say that the chances are good that cameras will not stop. AND we still have one person out because she's afraid to come to work (details to which I can't go into here). This is just so wrong. Like I told a couple of supervisors yesterday, I just want to come to work & get my work done without the jr. high school crap. I'm just bamboozled over this- it just reminds me that there really *are* people that are capable of this kind of stuff out there, and they're *not* just in other countries. I'll email you- I'm curious!! Jan- I think if the stuff at work keeps going on despite the cameras, or if it's just an instinct- I'm going to just go straight to HR and tell them flat out that I don't feel safe and ask what my options are. Maybe I'll finally go out on stress like everyone else there seems to have done within the last year LOL!! But probably not. I do want them to know that I don't feel like it's safe as of late- the more people speak up probably the better. Hmmm.....there was a fire in LA at a Hummer dealer or warehouse. Why is it that people do this crap?? It's just so lame. Here's a creepy thought....more wires cut on Weds., fire on Thurs......what's going to happen today??? Maybe there's a reason why I've got jury duty today??? OK- on that creepy note, I gotta finish getting ready for jury duty. I'll chat with ya'll later (and catch up on posts later).

 Nan: I am so sorry to hear about your father - cancer is a very scary thing and it runs so heavily in my family I know what you're going through. I've lost two grandparents, 3 great-aunts, 1 aunt, 2 uncles and my dad to cancer and my grandfather that's living has it too. I know it's hard when you find out someone you love has cancer and then you find out what stage it is and such. I will pray your father and your family and you during my mass this weekend and I will keep your family in my prayers. At my church we have something called the book of prayers where basically anyone before mass can come and write a prayer in a book, now it's not recited aloud during mass but we have our mass prayer at the end whoever is leading the prayer asks God to hear our prayers written in the prayer book and then the whole church together asks God to hear it as well - kinda like the whole church praying for every prayer in that book. I will put my prayer for your family in that book so not only will I be praying for your family but my whole church will be to ... Anytime Nan you need to talk or whatever you've got my AIM and my e-mail please don't give it a second a thought - keep in touch with me

 Leslie - Glad to hear everything went okay and you're on your way to recovery. Aren't those Percocet great? Just the thing to help get through Shep withdrawals. LOL You'll have to share your "interesting dreams" with us. Your 70's outfit brought back some scary outfits of my own to mind *shuddering*. LOL You've definitely peaked my interest - "Shep/Bulge/1 am" LOL Look for email from yours truly ASAP. Nat - What in the world is going on up there. I know there's lots of crazies, but this is way beyond that. You be careful girl. Hope you're getting used to the new contacts. Still not completely comfortable with the new glasses yet, but it is getting better. Sherry - I remember the 70's, don't ever want to go there again. Way too much polyester (sp?) LOL Some good music though - Peter Frampton, Eagles and Santana to name a few. I missed Adam today *sigh*, maybe I'll see him tomorrow. Thought the same thing when I saw Rick on Wednesday - must not have had a mirror in the hotel room. Jayel - That's not good news for our guys (journalists/soldiers) in Iraq. What is up with those people - we got rid of their killer for a President and we're rebuilding their country to be better than before the war and they put a target on those that are helping them. Hard to make sense of. Jan - I've seen that episode of Will & Grace - laugh out loud funny! Melissa - "Necessity is the mother of invention" LOL Jen - Glad to see you posting and we'll definitely keep in touch on AIM, if only for a quick hello. Studying abroad - sounds exciting. Just to let you know why I haven't posted in the last few days - My dad's cancer is back (in the liver this time) and the doctors are not very optimistic. Basically they've given him less than a year. I'm not sure quite how to deal with this - I usually take the ostrich approach (stick head in sand) to deal with emotionally difficult situations. Unfortunately, ignoring this will not make it go away. Sorry to be such a downer - but I didn't want you to think I had ditched 'yall. I really appreciate everyone here and feel like I can count all of you as friends. I love our crazy musings over our fox hotties and the humorous stories each of you bring. Look forward to more in the coming months, I'm definitely going to need them. It's late here so I'll check in tomorrow - got Friday off (with pay) - wahoo !!!

 Hey Guys Been a long time since I posted on here..been thinking of what to say but drawing a big huge blank. I watched Queer Eye for The Straight Guy with my Straight Guy friend, at first I was little scared when he just watched it with hushed silence and when I was making dinner I sliced my thumb cutting the onion plus being unbelieveably sick this entire week especially tonight... School starts next Monday and I was totally floored for so long but then I got a bit of joy taken away but hopefully things will work itself out. Jan, Melissa, Nan & Leslie: Love talking to you guys on AIM - good times my friends good times - prolly won't get to holler at you guys that much after Monday but thank goodness for e-mail right? Natalie: All that's missin' from my AIM party is you! Miss ya on there girly! But see you soon via e-mail if but only every Sunday :) I was talking to Melissa today on AIM about studying abroad and I've had 2 chances to study in both the UK and South of France but my surgery and close death in the family have stopped me - well nothing (short of the impossible dream) is going to stop my next summer. I've decided that I am going to apply to Oxford's Summer Study sessions to study History, Politics and Society at Oxford Univ. next summer. I can't decide though if I wanna stay and study the entire summer or just part of it...how long could you guys go w/o me?! LOL Actually I know you guys, well some of you guys, would well more than survive w/o me..... Well Oompas or at least I hope it's *just* Oompas are taking over again, I'll check back in w/ you guys in about a week or so Everyone (even those who would survive w/o me) Take Care

 Hi Gals- Sherry, I got the email, but like Natalie's, I can't open it. I'm starting to think there is a conspiracy against me.... could you please try to send it to my AOL address? jlrymedic@aol.com If you've already deleted it, don't worry about it, and thanks for trying....That's cool about Rick being in your paper...I saw the tape from yesterday, but by Studio B, he had lost the jacket...that tie is....um....interesting. Natalie, that is too scary! Be careful...My place of employment is pretty small compared to SF, and I admit to the feeling that nothing of that sort could happen there, but I guess you just never know. The fire incident along with the 'other stuff happening' is not a good thing...is there someone you could go to? You should not have to work 'on edge'. I'm laughing right now, Will & Grace is on and that "Jack" cracks me up....it's the episode where Jack signs he and Will up for the gay soccer team...it's hilarious....."sitting in a tree, k-i-s-i-n-g....wait" LMAO. Sorry if you don't know the episode. Jayel, it is nice to see all our favorites back, it makes the news that much more watchable...I think they forgot to hide the valium in Baghdad.... Leslie, glad the surgery went well, but I'm sorry about the bruising....Percocet, good stuff, we keep that in a seperate locked room in the pharmacy....Um, I didn't go to that site, I'm just gonna take your word on that....I'm curious how they know that? But on the other hand, I don't think I want to know...You take care... I didn't get to see Rick today, he was not on Studio B, and the report on Fox Report was just Rick F. doing a voiceover....I'll bet he looked good though, I mean, how could he not?

 Hey gals! Thanks so much for the happy thoughts. I really appreciated them. Things went well, but I'm sore as hell. And the Percocet makes me rhyme. I'm bruised from my armpit to my ribs and my left breast will never talk to me again. The glories of being a fair-complected redhead. I'd swear the doctor used a dull butter knife on me. I was passed out earlier with Fox on, hearing Rick report from a codeine haze and then Shep's promo, been having some interesting dreams. Nat - good grief, girl. You be careful, okay? That is so scary, to see it coming and not be able to do anything. I was going to e-mail you about the Shep/Bulge/1 am thing, but all I have is your IM. I keep getting sucked back into this site; it's very tempting, but I'd hate to have to explain to my husband why we're members of a site like this. So if you and Melissa want the scoop, either IM me or e-mail me so I can respond. Jan - have you checked it out yet? It appears that President Bush may have the gay men's vote locked in. Sherry - I've been watching I Love the 70s and feeling very old. I remember things from the earlier shows. I listen to 70s music all the time. I have pictures of me in plaid hip-hugger bell bottoms and a pancho, accented by white patent leather go-go boots. What a style statement. I see these same things running around today and think, "Didn't we learn our lesson the first time?!" I'm fading in and out, Grandma's out with the chickies in the pool. She'd skin me alive if she found me playing on the computer, so I'd better skedaddle. Ya'll have a good one.

 Sherry- Ah, yeah....black & white photos do have that grainy quality in the paper. I was thinking it was color for some reason. You may be able to get a better one with the camera. I was quite surprised that sometimes it's easier to take a digital photo of something rather than scan it. Funny how that works, huh! Sounds like Rick was on Dayside too- that's the only time in the AM that I didn't tape, but that's ok- it sounds like he was on a lot of other times today too. : ) I haven't been watching the 70's thing on VH-1, but heard about it being on- that must be fun to watch though! I think if anything, I see myself as a definite 70's child (I was born in '68). My guess is that we have about 200 people or so here. Some are hotellers (claims & risk management) so they are only in the office every so often. I'm actually hoping for jury duty tomorrow so I don't have to come here, LOL!! Now just watch, I get stuck on a case! Gotta be careful what you wish for.....just may come true! : )

 Nat- I looked at that photo and it is not the same one. I'm working on scanning it but I'm having trouble it is turning out grainy since it is a small black and white. I'm going to try to take a picture of it with my camera and see if that will work. How many people are in your office?? I would be scared to go to work, you see all the horror stories on the news and think that it is never going to happen to you. AH - I saw Greg P in Baghdad too and was surprised. He must have just taken a vacation. They do have 4 reporters over there so they must think things are heating up. I guess this give them more of a chance to go around the towns with more people there. Has anyone been watching I Love The Seventies on VH1. It is good. They do two years each night. I'm starting to recognize more of the things they are talking about now that they are getting later in the 70's. I think tonight is 1976 and 1977. I just thought I would tell everyone since a bunch of you are in my age group (early thirties). I don't know if anyone else has been watching the WV thing but am I the only one that gets the impression that these people don't have a clue as to what is going on. Even Linda Vester said to Rick today doesn't there seem to be some confusion going on there. In the 2:00 hour Rick looked very baffled and Jane said that she is glad he is on the case, because he can straighten everything out (or something like that) Then there are all these other wierd shootings going on and they can't say if any are related. Rick basically said that most of their questions are still unanswered from the news conference today. Well gotta go to another orientation at the college tonight. I'll check in later.

 Jayel- Yeah, I know what you mean- lol, calm isn't usually a word to describe me in these moments. I think I know *who* the suspect may be, but it's all speculation. Thankfully (to my knowledge anyway) I'm in their good graces. I'm *so* looking forward to seeing my tape! Thank God I set the VCR! : ) I almost didn't, but thought, 'if he was on yesterday.....and being the story it is....chances are he'll be on today". And Todd too- I hit the jackpot there! Right now I totally believe this is a copycat case- but who knows.

 Natalie - I don't know what's going on where you are, but try to stay calm, girl. By the time that you get home and get to go through your tapes and see Rick, that should put you in a better frame of mind. It's strange what's going on in W. Va, and if they don't catch the sniper or snipers soon, Rick could be there for a while. Although the circumstances are truly unfortunate, the silver lining in this cloud is that it may give us a chance to see lots more of Rick. After Shep comes back, maybe Rick will get a more light-hearted story to cover and we can look forward to some banter between these two. a h - I was surprised to see Greg Palkot back so soon in Iraq. Does this mean that Fox now has four reporters in Iraq? Mike Tobin just got there and Steve H. and Dandy Dan Springer haven't been there that long. Guess we'll have to wait and see. I've alerted my spies in Baghdad that Greg P. is back and told them to hide the Fox News supply of valium before Greg P. gets his hands on it. Lol! In regard to the Fox reporters stationed in Iraq, I read an article in a British newspaper that relates to them in a roundabout way. The article stated that there are only two hotels in Baghdad that are protected by concrete barriers and U.S. armor. One of the hotels is a Sheraton. The other isn't named, but I assume that it's the Palestine Hotel, where reporters have been staying. At least the reporters are protected as long as they're in their hotel. Out on the street is another story. The article concerned a U.N. worker, who said that following the bombing of U.N. headquarters there, that he was advised by his Iraqi contacts to leave Iraq. The Iraqis told him that every white face in Iraq was now a target. That's not very reassuring as far as the Fox reporters are concerned, so let's trust that they're taking every precaution that they can while still covering events there. We are almost up to full speed on the hotties, and news seems to be picking up. It would be great if they're all in front of the cameras by next week.

 Ooh Sherry, yeah you gotta scan and send to Melissa so she can post! You got me curious so I looked up the paper online but urlLink this photo is all I can find- it looks like they cut him off of there (assuming it is the same as what's in your paper). The Fox News mic is in front though! They haven't found out what started it yet per se, but from what I heard from a reliable source is that it's suspicious- let's just say it'd be hard to say that it was an "accident". Someone here is pulling stuff, and it's getting greater & greater. I'm really afraid that whomever it is is going to go one up and bring a gun in or something. My ever running imagination has gone berserk and many scenarios are plaguing me right now. In spite of that last sentence, this really is a *SERIOUS* deal here. There is really someone here out to wreak havoc, and not in a good way.

 OMG - I'm sitting here readng my Frederick News Post for today and there is an article about the WV Sniper and next to it is a picture and there is a police officer looking at a table of stuff and there is a guy standing to his right and I was looking at it like that guy looks familiar. Well no wonder it was Rick. I was freaking out that he made my paper. His name is not mentioned just the officer. I'm trying to scan it now and send to Melissa to see if she will post it. Nat - That is unbelievable. Did they find out what started the fire. We had a bomb threat once and they made us sit outside for like 4 hours. They wouldn't let us go home and none of us knew what was going on. It was awful. It is awful when you don't feel safe at work. Hang in there.

 Girls, I am absolutely friggin freaking right now. The fire alarm went off around 10 or so and thinking it was just a drill, went downstairs with only my cabinet key- nothing else. On the way down the stairs I hear that there was smoke (not cigarette) coming out of the ladies' room. My face went white and I was like oh crap (NOT my exact words, but I'm trying to be ladylike here at least). I left my purse, a bunch of photodiscs- unreplaceable- locked in my cabinet. The FD shows up, the police show up. We were out there in the park across the street for an hour & a half. Now, on the surface this doesn't sound bad. What's bad is that I'm certain someone here is playing friggin' games 'cause there's been other stuff happening too (I can't go into it). And it's really starting to make me very pissed off and very paranoid. I may get on AIM 'cause it's really hard to concentrate on what I *was* trying to do before. I *did* finally get my contacts (soft) in though, so that's a positive, in addition to everything being OK in here. I am going to take stock of what I have here and take home anything that I can't replace. I absolutely trust *no one* here. I'm just really tired and *very much* on edge. Isn't there *ENOUGH* stuff going on in the world than to have to put up with this crap too????? EDIT: I *did* set my VCR today though!! **happy dance**

 Greg Palkot was reporting from Iraq again today. Wonder if Greg K will return to Iraq after his vacation? It's so dangerous over there.

 HOTTIE ALERT!! Todd was just on. I think all of our hotties are now accounted for except for Greg. Hopefully he will be back next week. LOL!!! Jan - I sent you the pictures via email from the parade. They are not very clear but you can kind of make them out. Let me know if you don't get it. Melissa - I think it is just years of practice, I know when I first started working it was hard to get everything done and it would take me forever but as I worked more and more I got into a grove and could get everything done in like an hour. The older I got the more I needed sleep so I had to get it together in the morning. Adam was just on looking great as always. This is turning out to be a good fox day.

 OH! I haven't seen Rick yet this morning! :( People have been wanting to come in the office and talk my head off. I usually turn off the tv for people I know will talk for a long time, because then they want to talk about the news and they're there even longer. Anyway hopefully I'll get to see him later on. I only saw him once yesterday. I swear I just don't understand how my mother does things in the amount of time she does them. Like in the morning she gets up at 6:00 (the same time I get up) and somehow she manages to get up, take a shower, get dressed, put on makeup, dry her hair, drink coffee, feed all 3 dogs, water the flowers, feed the cat/scoop litter, put in a load of laundry, and be ready to leave the house by 7:00. I can't figure out how she does all that in only and hours time!! I've been late to work the past 3 days because I haven't figured out a proper time schedule. Luckily I have no one to answer to because of my tardiness because my mother is my "boss" and is on vacation. :) From 6:00-7:00 I ususally get up, take a shower, get dressed, sometimes (rarely) dry my hair, and sometimes put on makeup. Let's just say I'm not a fast mover in the morning. Well I'll be back in a hour to catch up from last night and the morning. The stupid internet wasn't working last night. :( I think it was working this morning, but I didn't have time to check. edit: Rick is coming up. He just did a "coming up" type preview thingy. I think his shirt is that "heather grey" color. It looks kinda light blue, but has flecks of grey in it. :)

 I just saw Rick, too. He looks so good this morning in a casual shirt, but the shirt is gray on my TV, rather than blue. (?) I'd like to think that he's also wearing jeans, but that may be too much to hope for. He looks so good! Oh, I already said that. Lol!

 Today looks like a good Rick day so I hope all you ladies are taping. For anyone that tapes Fox and Friends his first apperance was about 6:10 est time. He has been on almost every hour since then. Adam is also on this morning.

 Rick was reporting again. Expect to see his reports throughout the day I think.

 Hi guys. Rick alert--he was just on. He's wearing a light blue polo, like the one Greg K wore.

 Good Morning Ladies!! Denise - I'm glad you said something about Rick's outfit yesterday I was getting ready to post about it. I don't know if anyone saw the very first broadcast but Rick was having some matching problems yesterday or maybe that is NY trendy. He had a dark brown suit, dark blue shirt and a black and white checked tie. I personally thought he was a little mismatched. He looked great from the neck up though. LOL!! Since it is supposed to be in the 90's on the east the next couple of days maybe we will see him a little more casual instead of in a suit and tie. Nat - Yes Rick was on Fox Report last night. I will email you pics today. Jan - I will find it on my tape and take a few pictures today of the parade and email them to you. Jayel - I have been taping Fox and Friends all week and it has been great. I love the flashbacks. Tomorrow's show should be good. I know Mancow is coming to NY to be on and I'm not sure who else. I agree that Brian should be added to the hottie's list. He is adorable.

 Ok Gals-I just hit the wrong button and erased my post...!)@(#*%.......cliff notes to follow: Natalie, the email gods hate us, I can't even open your email...if someone else has that email of Rick's parade, please email me with it, I will be forever grateful jlrymedic15@msn.com thanks....Yeah, you need another book....:-P Leslie, I tried to email you the Shep photo, please email me with the 'bulge' and 'Shepard Smith' connection, I'm dyin' here.....I hope your surgery goes well.....The rubber duckie thing is pure genius....LMAO Melissa, were I younger, I'd try photojournalism too, it sounds exciting.....How do I take care of the house? Easy...I don't....:-) I dust with a hairdryer...... Jayel, thanks for the Rick update, I'll have to wait 'til tomorrow to view it.... Sherry, I heard about the Smoking Gun show, I will definately have to check that out... Denise, I haven't seen Rick's shirt and tie combo, I'll have to reserve my judgement until tomorrow....was it interesting in a redneck way, or a GQ way??? (I mean 'redneck' in the best possible way) :-) Good night all........

 Quick note before heading to bed, did anyone else think Rick's shirt and tie combo was interesting??? Pretty trendy for West Virginia LOL He must have went shopping on vacation....regardless, he was still adorable as usual. Leslie Hope your surgery goes well, let us now how you are. I'll keep you in my prayers. Goodnight ladies, I'll catch up tommorrow

 OK gals- humor me- did they have Rick on Fox Report today? Just curious! Sherry- Yeah, I occasionally check into the Smoking Gun site- I used to subscribe to their newsletter emails, but I was getting so many newsletters I had to nix a couple and theirs was one of them- but they always had interesting stuff on there. LOL about the books- you betcha! Awww.....I'm sure you don't watch crap. I know we have our 'comfort shows'- you know how guys can be! :-P Jayel- Fox & Friends has really grown on me- their chemistry & humor is priceless. LMAO- I saw the Britney video thing, but missed the comments (or it was just too early & it went over my head- probably more likely!)! LOL about the Rush Limbaugh thing (and Al Gore! LOL!). Davis is *completely* monotonous.....I don't think I've ever heard him get up in arms or excited about anything in his speeches (not that I watch a lot, but I don't think you have to, to see this point). Drudge is good too- they have him on the morning show we listen to sometimes (along with Ann Coulter, Rich Galen, & a few other good ones). I agree- I think the hottie situation may be finally looking up! Leslie- Hope everything with the surgery is going well; I'll be thinking of you and will continue sending happy thoughts your way (as I've been doing today).

 Denise - The only time that I've ever seen Rick's girls was during the parade, and the camera wasn't close enough to see either Rick or the girls clearly. Rick was seated between them, and the older daughter was closest to the camera. From what I could see, she's very cute, has dark hair and bears some resemblance to Rick. Both girls are quite slender and were wearing shorts and boonie hats. I couldn't see the younger daughter's face at all. I hope that both girls have inherited Rick's warm, sweet disposition. For those of you who may not be taping Fox & Friends, it's worth the effort just to catch the risque humor between Brian Kilmeade and Steve Doocy. Their remarks are usually said with a straight face, as though they have no idea of what they've said. Most of this week's F&F has been fairly somber due to the bombings in Baghdad and Jerusalem. The slaughter of innocent people, including children left lying in the street, is so terrible that it leaves me at a loss for words, so I'll go back to something humorous that Brian and Steve said this week. (Do you all realize that Fox has three Steves and four Gregs?) Anyway, they were showing a clip from a Britney Spears video. Either Steve or Brian said something about the Fox employee who had provided the clip and made a remark about the man receiving a "Hardy" (Think about it for a moment) award for providing the clip. Another good moment from today was Sean Hannity doing a Bill Clinton impression on Studio B. He was really good. Rick F. thought so, too. This is for you California girls: I heard a few moments of Rush Limbaugh today. He played a soundbite from Gray Davis and was making loud yawning and snoring noises in the background. Funny! Gray Davis is so totally lacking in charisma that he almost makes the robotic Al Gore seem exciting. You know, if it wasn't for Rush, there might not even be a Fox News. Rush paved the way for conservative media. Matt Drudge is another conservative hero. (He broke the story on Monica Lewinsky when the rest of the media was deliberately sitting on the story.) The hottie situation is about at half speed this week, what with Rick, Jeff Goldblatt and Adam Housley present and accounted for and Greg K., Shep and Todd Connor among the missing. I think that I'll add Brian Kilmeade to the hottie list. He is cute and very funny. It's nice to see so much of Dan Springer, also, despite his unfortunate modesty. We should be up to full speed on the hotties by early September, and possibly sooner than that. Leslie - We'll all be thinking about you and hoping that your surgery goes well.

 I have been babysitting today so I didn't get to watch Fox but imagine my surprise when I get home and turn Studio B on and Rick is on. It was in the middle of the press conference when I turned it on so I was expecting them to go to Jonathon S. and they went to Rick. Well it is good to see him back. I don't know if anyone has ever checked out The Smoking Gun website but the have different celebirty dirt and mugshots and stuff. Well if you have checked it out there is a new show on Court TV starting tonight at 8est called Smoking Gun TV. I think I'll check it out. It sounds like it is going to be a regular series. Nat - You were just looking for an excuse to buy more books weren't you. LOL. I didn't tape Studio B but will check my tape from this morning and see if it is there. I will take a few pics and email you them later. That is funny what you said about shows that are good getting canceled. I always tell my hubby that any show that I watch gets canceled. I don't understand. Of course he says no wonder with some of the crap you watch. Jayel - Thank for letting me know. I was missing him after not seeing him a whole week. He is usually on everyday. I taped from 6am-2pm est time so hopefully I got it on somewhere. Denise - Your closet sounds like mine. I have a new wardrobe for about every 10-15 pounds I lose. LOL!! Leslie - Good luck with the surgery, my prayers are with you. I was cracking up at your toilet story and using the rubber duckie. Well I'll check in later.

 Bummer- I didn't set the VCR today. Has Rick been on again since then? I'm going to miss Fox Report because my hubby has to drive home to move the cars forward so the marina people can finish the parking lot (dumba**es didn't put a sign up to tell us....they had caution tape on some areas & not on all. They said they ran out of tape. So, I guess logic should tell us then that they ran out???) Anyway....so I gotta take the bus home & no Fox Report for me today unless they rerun it tonight. :( Ummm....oh yeah- so here's some buying logic for ya gals- since I have to take the bus home, I need reading material so I'm going to go to the bookstore at lunch and see what's new : ) LOL! Makes perfect sense to me. My eyes are burnin' and I have cramps....yuck! I resorted to my old lenses- they're burning too but at least I'm not blinking all the time and I can see (as opposed to not having either ones in). I think I'm going to have to work my way into the hard ones.....

 Adam Houseley Alert! I forgot to mention in my previous post that Adam Housley has also shown up this morning. I only caught a glimpse of him, so I'm not sure if he's reporting on Arnold again or on something else.

 Rick alert! Yea! Rick is back. He's in W. Va. reporting on the sniper case and will probably be making more appearances today.

 Hey gals! I went and got my new lenses yesterday- the hard gas permeable ones......it'll be a little bit of a struggle- I'm blinking like crazy. When I'm not blinking like crazy I am completely amazed how my distance vision has improved. I actually can tell what the pattern on the carpet at work is. I'd say the absolute hardest part is getting them out. MUCH harder than I thought it'd be. (Which is odd considering I'm always afraid of losing them by blinking them out or something). They're kinda burning like my other ones did in the AM, so I may not have gotten rid of that problem- she said it's because my eyes are dry. I probably look like I've been out partying all night or something- my eyes are half shut LOL. The news in Baghdad & Jerusalem is just terrible. The poor kids.... On the gas front, our gas prices went up .20 in the last two days....the cheapest in our area is now $2.09. We just paid $1.99 yesterday. Most of my family in AZ is affected by the gas shortage that they're talking about on Fox. My mom said there's no gas in the stations by her house and the lines are atrocious. She had 3/4 tank still when I talked to her on Monday. She was saying that they're saying there it's going to be next week before there really is any again. If she has to, she's just going to use some of her vacation time since she has so much of it still. Sherry- Congrats on getting your room done!! Wanna come help me with the boat? I'm back on track with the Weight Watchers again. I've had my fun, now it's time to get serious and back in shape. Adam was on this morning, but I was putting my lenses in in the kitchen so I didn't see him. Sheesh, has it really been a month now since Rick & Todd were on? Where has the last month gone? The year is really beginning to fly by. I was one of the ones that mentioned Keen Eddie- we were just talking about that last night. I really like that show and I asked my hubby why it always seems to be the good shows that get axed. I'm going to have to remember to tell him that you found it. LOL- he only knows about Rick- don't even dare to tell him I think Todd's cute too. What's funny, is that Rick's been on when he's been in the room and he hasn't said *a word* until the other night- caught me off guard. I have the email still- I'll forward to Jan & Melissa this morning. Denise- Yeah, I think I saw the same footage- Greta had it on her show. They were in the building with a camera running when you heard this BOOM and people were screaming......it gave me chills too. The first thought that came to my mind is how many of those you can hear screaming made & didn't make it. When I lost the 35 lbs two years ago (10 of which I have now gained back), I literally was able to get a new wardrobe and what I thought interesting was that I didn't want to wear the baggy clothes before (which I have preferred for at least the last 15 years or so, so it was a *huge* thing for me that I changed that). I still have some 'comfy' clothes (thank God), like my lounging around the boat uniform that consists of flannel or cotton bottoms and t-shirts. It was hard to see the girls on the blip they had- all of their hats casted a shadow on their faces so you could only just barely make them out. They were cute from what I could see. I just thought it was so sweet, and such an honor for them (as well as Rick) to have gotten to experience that. Like Nan said, we do have pockets here & there in CA where people appreciate the troops and Bush. Davis is.....such an idiot. Did ya'll check out that picture that I posted the link to yesterday? LMAO!! Yeah, I'm glad Rob got to stay on For Love or Money too. I didn't like that Eric guy *at all*- too smarmy or greasy or *something*....not sure what it was. Leslie- I hope everything goes well in the surgery!! I'll be thinking & praying for you girl! It sounds like you're well prepared (if maybe only housewise) and it's great your mom's there to help out. Glad the toilet was easily fixed- you're so innovative! I'm sure it's annoying, but the thought of the girls getting a kick out of the rubber duckie and flushing the toilet all night have me ROFLMAO! Never give up on getting to where you want to be weightwise- believe me, I *never* thought I'd get to where I am now, let alone where I was last year (pre-ten lb weight gain-back). I do the same thing....my top two excuses are "It's Friday! (or Saturday.)" and "I need a treat- it's been a God-awful day". Melissa- Sounds like you're having loads of fun (NOT) while you're mom's on vacation! It does feel different when you have your own place if that's any consolation. I used to *love* rearranging my room when I was still at home- I had a lot of options and always tried different things. I think that started around 7th grade. I don't think I did it as much when I moved out 'cause the places I had didn't have as many options, but the bug still got me once in awhile to try something new. Can't do that so much on the boat now- LOL. Everything is pretty much already there. I guess I've gotten used to the running around & stuff, but part of my 'kids or no kids dilemma' is that I don't know that I have the energy to be running around after them. The recall thing is weird- I heard that there hasn't been a recall in 80 years too, but AZ recalled one of it's governors about 14 years ago or so (I took part in that one too- hehehe)- when they recalled Mecham. I'm a little bamboozled on that one- but I've heard the same thing here. LMAO- those proportions seem WAY off- maybe they got the length & the hips mixed up LOL. How can you have a 26 in. waist & 60 in hips (although I think something close to that size of hips runs on my mom's side of the family.....if I'm not careful, I'm liable to end up with them.). LOL- Rosenthal- that's true, huh- it does bring James Rosen & Rick to mind.....what's funny is that my first creative writing instructor's last name was Rosenthal. Sarah Rosenthal to be exact. You know what's funny is that I've heard there are now "groomzillas" too! The groom is actually more controlling about wedding plans and how things have to be 'just so' than the bride. "You've got to e-mail me "why the words "Shepard Smith" and "bulge" attracted my attention at 1 a.m." now you've got me curious!"-- ME TOO!!! OK- speaking of work, I need to get to it. Later!

 Hey guys, I lied, I didn't get time to come catch up on Monday. :( Work has been INSANE, and I dunno how my mother can even stand working there, especially all by herself! *shakes head* I won't even get into the details right now... But since my mom is gone on vacation I get to do all the fun "womanly duties" of the house, and it sucks! I don't wanna grow up. LOL! I suppose I'd probably have a different frame of mind if it was my own house. Then again if anyone were to look at my room they'd see how much of a mess it was all because I decided to re-arrange it last week, and never finished. Maybe I just would need to hire a maid. LOL. But anyway I've been pretty tired with all the running around I've had to do. How do you guys do it? I watched some of the news yesterday, but when they cover tragic things like that, then they do it ALL DAY LONG and I can only take so much bad news, so i was flipping the tv on and off a lot yesterday. Maybe today will be a Rick day if nothing bad happens again. Just some useless info. My dad was looking up info on the recall yesterday, and he said there hasn't been a recall for 80 years until this most recent one, though I'm sure you all know by now it's the first one in Cali history. Oh something funny I found on Ebay. I was looking at swing dresses, and I found this cute pink one, and look at the measurements -- Chest: 36 in. Waist: 26 in. Hips: 60 in. Length: 38 in. -- doesn't that seem a little misproportioned to you? Especially the chest to waist measuremts. The only reason the "hips" were that big was because it was a poofy skirt. I just read a couple of the posts right now. Nat, that is too funny about your hubby teasing you, he'll never live it down. :) You'e right, I can't believe Fox isn't cashin' in on the war footage. I mean they'd be doing a service and providing a product that is very high in demand. And I don't blame ya for not buying the 9-11 footage, some people just can't be trusted, and that's sad. Besides I don't think I could willingly watch the footage. Watching any kind of documentary on 9-11 makes me cry, so I dunno what that "raw" footage would do to me again. But anyway, on a lighter note I'm not sure where or when, but the other day I saw someone with the last name of Rosenthal, and I had a good chuckel becuase it reminded me of James Rosen and Rick all at once. :) Denise, yes I plan to make photography my full time career. I'm still testing myself on what feild of photography I want to be in. Right now I'm leaning towards Photojournalism, but I'd also like to do some fine art photography on the side. I think weddings would be fun, so long as I don't get many "bridezilla's" LOL. But I really have no desire to do portrait/studio photography. At first I wanted to do nature photography, but I couldn't imagine sitting in a feild (or wherever) all day long waiting for that "perfect shot" that may not come for a few days. My teacher also suggested documentary photography, because it's sort of like photojournalism, while it still has that fine art feel too it. Sort of like some of the shots you see in National Geographic. Leslie, LOL! You've got to e-mail me " why the words "Shepard Smith" and "bulge" attracted my attention at 1 a.m. " now you've got me curious! I think your wedding probably would have been a riot to shoot! But I'd have been too busy laughing to be able to take any decent pictures. I think you'd have a lot of pictures of your guests shoes. LOL. Good luck with the surgery. :) Well I'd comment more, but I gotta run to work or else I'll be late like I was yesterday.

 Hey ladies, one last posting before tomorrow. I got the house cleaned, the laundry done, and enough meals prepared for the next 4 days. My mom is going to come help with the girls. It shouldn't be so bad since they're in school from 8 to 3. I'm struggling with the no food or drink after midnight thing. I'm not hungry or thirsty right now, but I know as soon as midnight strikes, I'm going to feel like I've been on a hunger strike. Even though the surgery is scheduled for 9 in the morning, you know I won't go in until almost 4 in the afternoon. I swear doctors run on a different time schedule. I was cooking dinner tonight, pepperoni pizza, ceasar salad, and peach cobbler (copies of my cookbook can be picked up in the lobby after the show), and Sarah comes up to me, hands me the lever from the toilet and walks away. I just stood there looking at it trying to figure out if I really wanted to go look at the bathroom or just pretend nothing happened. I gave in to curiosity. No major problem. The arm that links the end of the chain to the handle broke at the handle. About a $5 and 25 minute repair job. Right now I've got the girls' rubber duckie tied to the end of the chain so all you have to do to flush is pull the duckie out of the water. The girls think this is a riot and have been flushing the toilet all night. Sherry, I feel your closet pain. Just got finished cleaning out the girls' outgrown clothes and shoes so all their new stuff will fit. Now I've got three boxes. One of clothes Jay will grow into, one of clothes to go to the consignment store and one of things too torn and stained to go anywhere but the dumpster. I gave up on the skinny clothes. Right now, all I've got is fat, fatter and fattest. I am down to a 16 for the first time in 8 years. Celebrated with peach cobbler a la mode. Something is seriously wrong. Melissa, you would have loved to do my wedding. I was oblivious. I watch the video and see the whole thing for the first time. I bet you're a very inventive photographer. Is it me, or are all wedding pictures pretty much the same? Jan, please feel free to e-mail me anything you want, Royapple4@AOL.com. I have no inside info about any piercings anywhere on Mr. Smith's body. Just my active imagination running into overtime. I stumbled across an interesting site late last night. I'd tell you about it, but I don't want those outside our little group wondering why the words "Shepard Smith" and "bulge" attracted my attention at 1 a.m. By the way, I've decided that I prefer schizo to sick. There are tons of sick people in prison, but they go a little easier on you if you have a legitimate psychological illness. It might be "our" get out of jail free card. Well, long day and long night, better put it up and get to bed. Maybe if I get to sleep before midnight, the no food thing won't bother me as much. Ya'll have a good one and I'll be back Thursday or Friday.

 I have been so busy as all my co workers decided to leave from 2 pm on, everyday since Thurs. So I come home and lay on the couch and watch mindless tv I came home to see on Fox that the UN was bombed in Baghdad. It gave me the chills when they showed a camera being on when the bomber hit. Although, I am not a big fan of the UN at this moment in time, I hate to see people die or heart from this particular breed of evil. For some reason, I have a feeling that other countries that don't particularly like us will somehow say that this is our fault, saying that if we didn't go to Iraq, this hostility wouldn't have happened. sad... Sherry Congrats on finishing the room! I bet you feel a real sense of accomplishement! I have at least 3 wardrobes, one for thin (rarely, but hopeful, so I'm keepin em) midsize (yep, sedan) and fat clothes. I see a whole new wardrobe if I could just lose the extra weight LOL Jan I completely agree that Fox needs to offer compilation of this stuff. I'd like my grandkids to to someday watch this and get a fair and balanced view of what happened, not some anti American slant. (Okay, I need a compilation of the hotties too! LOL) Melissa Glad to see you are back and well. Are you planning a possible business in photography (weddings, reunions, etc) or planning to keep it a hobby? Sounds like you learned a lot at the wedding, have you developed them yet?......Hey we can send you on location to photograph hotties all over the world (safe places, of course), it would be like we were all there! LOL ah I know, that price is outrageous, I mean Greg & co are worth it, it would be an expensive venture. They had good stuff from 4 to 11, but you are right, a lot good stuff was on earlier in the morn, which is the time that I missed because I was asleep. I do remember Rick walking the streets of Bagdad at dawn, and his reports were much more light hearted with Shep after 11. Greg was in a lot of dangerous situations during the wee hours also. Are the tapes just of war coverage, or is it everything that was broadcast during those hours??? Nat I missed the Rick photo, I have never seen his daughters, I missed them when they were on during his time in Iraq. Are they as adorable as he?...Are you glued to the tv for the Gray Davis speech LOL What could he possibly say to help himself now??? oops, sorry LOL...Hey did you catch For Love or Money last night? I'm glad Rob got to stay, I feel kinda bad for him, but I think Erin is keeping him around out of guilt, just a hunch.....I only wish I could go on some of those dates, ( a private train ride, art studio, airplane) LOL....I hope work is getting better 3 more days until Fri! Leslie Welcome back! I missed the clever stories LOl I have a Dr appt first thing in the morning, so I must retire early. Goodnight ladies, sweet dreams of Fox Hotties!

 Well I'm finally getting around to posting today, I've been very busy. Today was a bad news day. I was watching some of the news about the Jerusulam bombing and it was awful. They showed this baby/toddler laying in the street and they were trying to give it medical attention. It was just awfu. I finally got my spare room finsished. I was so excited. I have only been working on it for like 3 weeks on and off. I did come to the realization that I need to be on a diet so I can get into all the clothes that don't fit me. Where the heck are all the hotties. Adam is missing in action now too so I guess he is on vacation. I don't think I've seen Rick or Todd on for almost a month and now Shep is on vacation. I guess Greg is still on vacation too but he deserves it after being over in Baghdad. I'm not sure who on here mentioned that they watched Keen Eddie but I read in next weeks tv guide that it is returning to Thursday's I think at 8 for 4 episodes. It is probably next Thursday since it was next weeks tv guide. Nat - That is so funny, my hubby knows about my crushes of the fox men. He sees me watching non stop and teases me endlessly. Jan - I deleted the pictures but I can take new ones or maybe Nat still has the email I sent her and can forward it to Melissa. They were not very good pictures but you can make them out. Jayel - I've been taping F&F this week watching all the flashbacks. There are some funny ones. Today they showed Brian driving all the neighborhood kids around in a Hummer. I guess it was some promotional thing they did. It was funny. I'm fast forwarding through them and just watching the flashbacks. Melissa - Welcome back, I was wondering where you were. Well gotta go talk to you ladies later.

 I just thought of something else that was really funny..... I was telling Kevin yesterday how I get emails from Fox saying who's on the afternoon programs and stuff. He was like "an email???" I said yeah, you sign up for it and every day they tell you what's on. He was kidding and said "oh, is it from that Levinson? The guy you were in love with?" I'm like "*WHAT????* *WHO*??" (playing with him) and I also said, "I wasn't *in love* with him, geez! You mean Leventhal?" He says, "Ah- see you know who I mean!" He was kidding me about it- I prolly never should have even said anything, 'cause now he'll never let me live it down LOL.

 'Morning all! I don't know how many of you out there are familiar with Pfaltzgraff, but I got an email that they had some of the "By Request" items left over & were on sale- there's some great deals, but the site's *so slow*..... The ones I have (sort of) are Folk Art & Yorktown(e?). My mom has the Folk Art ones, but she's not using them anymore so she's saving them for me. I used to have the Yorktown ones but sold off the main set, save for some odds & ends. I just love the vegetable bowls to use as plates. Dang, trying to get from page to page in this site reminds me of calling the radio station trying to win stuff when I was a teenager LOL! Jan- Yep, this is history and Fox is crazy for not compiling stuff, especially when CNN is- God knows they'll distort it to unrecognition. It's interesting that you should mention the 9/11 footage....every so often I check Ebay for "Fox News" and there's someone who's selling Fox footage of 9/11. I've been tempted, but 1. $25 is *way* too much and 2. When it comes down to it, I don't like someone profiting off of people's sorrows- it'd be different if this was Fox and they said that the proceeds were going towards something (memorial fund, etc), but when it's someone that I don't know, and they're asking for that much, I just don't feel good about that at all. LOL- yeah, if you send the photo to Leslie hopefully it doesn't come out in Chinese- I still say it's on my end. God knows what kind of firewall software we have here & what it does. I think that what was giving me "shoe issues" yesteray *may* have been fixed- we'll see. It's just so frustrating- they look at "risk counts" and although it's the easiest to track, it's just not accurate. You may have a county with 1500 risks, but another county with 900 may be twice as busy. Some just have higher turnaround than the others. They just don't get that. They're going to split a busy one I have so maybe that will help. I like to work behind the scenes too. All that time I was at "Things Lost & Forgotten", I never liked dealing with people- I only liked to engrave. I guess I like to work on my own and not be bothered by calls & people (LOL- makes me sound antisocial- which I'm really not but the last two jobs I've had have kind of made me feel that way sometimes). LOL- don't you just *love* those people who do that to you? "But...but...but...I need it *now*! I'm catching a plane in an hour!" Sometimes I feel like I need a sign that says "Does not play well with others" LOL!! Bustamante = "big boobs" LMAO!! Hey since you mentioned the whole Bustamante/CA thing....check out the site of our morning talk show- they have a hilarious photo urlLink KSFO-Bustamante and Davis They are having a caption contest this morning. OK- I need to complete this Pfaltzgraff transaction & get breakfast & get to work....chat with ya'll later!

 Hi Gals- a h & Nan, Fox is totally off the mark by not marketing their war footage, not just for our interest, but for the context of history. CNN has a war coverage tape and DVD available. I actually still have the Gulf War Briefing from GW1 with Schwartzkopf that I taped. This is history, and it will be retold by CNN since Fox isn't interested. I also think they should have done a 9-11 tape. Maybe they feel it is capitalizing on suffering, but I've never thought of Rupert Murdoch as a 'bleeding heart' when there is money to be made. a h the clip I saw of Rick was not longer than 30 seconds, just long enough to show an American flag and the start of the parade where Rick was riding a tank with his two daughters.....How cool would that be? To be able to ride a tank in a parade because of your dad? Leslie, glad to hear from you again! Sounds like your time away was mostly good. I know all about the bladder control issues, my sister has a bladder the size of a pea (no pun intended) so we know most of the rest areas east of the Rockies....AWOL with Shep? So does he really have those tattoos?? I'd be more than happy to TRY to send you the doctored pic if you give me your email....no money required, if you read the part about me trying to send an article to Natalie, you might know how challenging it can be for me, although, pictures don't usually print in Chinese.....nipple piercing??? You know something I don't??? Maybe if Jaylee creates 'mass hysteria' ol Sheppo could cover it..... :-) I say go for it on the recipe book, and then send one to Fox, that should get an autograph for sure! Sherry, could you send that pic to Melissa so she could post it, I'd like to see it again. I watched too fast, I wasn't sure what to look for....I missed the girls wearing boonies....how cute! Melissa, glad you're back. I hope you got to pick up a lot of tips on shooting a wedding. I also hope the next lady is NOT a bridezilla, that would be horrible... Natalie, sorry your 'shoes' are causing you so much grief. If it makes you feel any better, people just don't get it where I work either, luckily my shop is up off the floor so I don't have to deal with too many other people on a regular basis. I've always had that "I don't care" attitude, and I actually kinda mean it. I know that sounds bad, but there are just too many sob stories out there that I can be calloused sometimes. People always come in early to get their jewelry because "I'm going out of town in 10 minutes", and I'm thinking "Well, you knew that when you left it here." My company doesn't realize how relieved they should be that I don't work with customers...People can be so stupid... Jayel, I'll bet Shep was so disappointed when told the recipes were gone, he seems to be a guy that truly appreciates a full stomach...:-) He should be so lucky as to meet Leslie and have her cook for him....I heard on our radio station that Bustamante means 'big boobs' in Spanish, any truth to that? Keep in mind that 'big boobs' actually have their own shows on our radio station....Conan O'Brien said that Gary Coleman was disqualified because he didn't meet the height requirements to be governor...."You must be this tall...." LOL

 OK- one last post before I go home- Jayel- Good point about the fact that Rick could show up on F&F this week- I should probably tape it too. Yeah, I like you record & FF till I see something I want to see and then stop to watch it. Probably wears out the VCR, but I've already had this one for 12 years now so...... Scarily enough, yes, Bustamante *could* be the next CA governor. Right now, even though I would normally vote for McClintock, I would vote for Arnold just to keep Bustamante out. Sad that things have to be that way, but I think that's the way a lot of voters vote. I guess it's the old "who's the lesser of two evils" theory. OMG- ROFLMAO!! Chickenlips!! That's a good one- gotta remember to tell the hubby that one! EWWW I could so *not* imagine even *wanting* to kiss him *shivers* One of our morning talk show guys does a dead-on impression of Davis- it's too funny. Oh- they had a guy on this morning (sorry, don't have the name off hand- too early, no pen & paper, yada yada yada) who has a book called "Islam Revealed" (I think!- I wrote it down when I got to work and now I can't find it). The guy was very interesting to listen to. I know his last name starts with an "S". If I find it, I'll let ya'll know. There's also a website (written on that very same missing piece of paper) that sounds good to check out too. Maybe one of my liberal co-workers took and & destroyed it LOL!! And like our morning show, F&F is just not the same without all the regular hosts.

 Melissa - We've missed you. Learn all that you can about photographing weddings. You never know when Geraldo might need you to photograph a future trip down the aisle. Lol! Leslie - I think that you should definitely consider writing a recipe book. Recently, Jane Skinner said that hackers had removed all of the recipes that Fox had on file and asked viewers to send in more recipes. Shep is counting on you, Leslie. He looked so disappointed when Jane told him about the missing recipes. Apparently, the "if you blink, you miss it," moment with Rick's parade is all that we're going to get from that event. Since Fox & Friends is celebrating their 1500th show this week, I hope that Rick may show up to help them celebrate. F&F had some funny moments from past shows this morning and said that they would be showing more such moments for the rest of the week. This would be a good week for taping the show. If the rest of you are like me, you don't have time to watch a three hour tape, but I FF through much of it and stop for what looks most interesting. USA Today has a fairly long and complimentary article on Fox & Friends today. You can read it by going to usatoday.com and clicking on "Life" in the lefthand corner of the screen. The article says that F&F's success in just five years is remarkable and says that F&F is trouncing its morning competition on CNN and MSNBC. The entire article is very interesting, so I urge you all to read it. Fox is getting a lot of media attention lately. Nan and Natalie - What's your current take on the Ca. recall story? Regardless of whatever you may think of him, do you feel that Cruz Bustamante has a good chance of being your next governor? Arnold looks to be fading fast at this point in time. Oh, this reminds me -- Brian Kilmeade has a new nickname for Gray Davis -- "Chickenlips!" The nickname was prompted by a report that actress Cybil Shepard once dated Davis and claims that he was a great kisser. Brian said that Davis's lips were too thin for him to be a great kisser and made the "Chickenlips" remark. It's so good to have Brian back from vacation. When Brian or Steve Doocy is missing from F&F, it leaves a big hole.

 Hey gals! Been ready to 'tie my shoelaces' (which is tricky considering I'm wearing clogs) a couple of times today. People just don't get it here and they never will. (I *know* that sounds horribly negative, but it's really true, sad to say.) I'm not sure I'm going to make it here five more years- it's going to take more patience than I think I can muster. I'm quickly getting to that "I don't care" attitude again, I mean, if I've voiced my concerns and they don't do anything that actually helps, then why should I care anymore at that point? I'll get done what I can, and what I can't, well that's tomorrows were made for. (If you gals knew me better & for a long while, you'd know that "I don't care" practically doesn't exist for me- I prolly couldn't be further from it, which is what makes it so hard for me to deal with huge loads--it's just in me, I *have* to care...I just need to care less than I do). Hard to explain, but maybe ya'll see what I mean? Leslie! Glad to see you posting again! Sounds like you had a great few days on vacation! Sorry you got stuck with CNN....bummer! "Sarah seranaded us on the way home with "I don't HAVE any school tomorrow!" For four hours."- I'm sorry, but I LMAO- girl, you have a great way of sayings, and your humor always makes me laugh. Kids say/do the darndest things. My sister sang the Gilligan's Island theme for most of the 6 hour trip to San Diego one time when she was about 5. LOL-I'll bet my parents had fun with us on that trip- I was about ready to tape her mouth shut! I'll be one of the first in line to buy your cookbook!! All the meals you describe always sounds soooo goooood!! Sherry- got the email- thanks! I needed that! :-D Melissa- Girl, where have you been? What's your excuse? LOL!! Sounds like you got a lot of insight to wedding shooting- that's great! "JJ said the next lady is more paticular about what she wants"- hopefully she doesn't turn into a bridezilla! I would think that would be the worst part of shooting weddings is working with a difficult bride. Otherwise it sounds like a lot of fun, especially when (in your case) you have an eye for light, etc. OK- gotta finish my lunch & get a couple of things done. Later!

 Hey Gals! It's gonna take me HOURS to catch up on here! :) I'll do that tonight when I get home. I'd do it now, but my mom is on vacation for 2 weeks and I have lots of work to keep me busy. I didn't get to watch FOX at all this weekend, but it looks like I missed the small blip of Rick. :( I helped JJ shoot the wedding, and it went pretty smooth. I actually didn't get to shoot very much, because I was helping JJ so much, but it was a great learning experience. I get to help JJ shoot another wedding in September, so I'm excited about that! She said next time I can shoot more so we can get double coverage of the wedding, plus JJ said the next lady is more paticular about what she wants, so me taking pictures will definately help. Well lunch is over and I gotta get back to work. Talk to y'all later.

 Good Afternoon Ladies!! I did get to see The Fox Report last night and saw Rick riding in the parade with a boonie on. His little girls had boonie's on too. Nat - I still have it on tape so I will take a few pictures and email them too you. I can send to Melissa too and see if she will post them on the blog for anyone who missed. Leslie - Sounds like you had a good time last week. I know what you mean about hotels and CNN. They never have Fox at the hotel's I stay in but you didn't miss much. AH -No the clip was not that long. It was the Shot of the Day. Laurie Dhue was doing the Fox Report and was showing it and she said do you recognize that guy in the parade. That is our very own Rick Leventhal who was grand marshall. His kids were cute too.

 Hi guys, just took me the better part of the morning catching up on everything. In light of today being the girls' first day back to school and my surgery scheduled for Wednesday, I decided to run away from home for a few days last week. Ironically, the same days Shep was AWOL. No, we weren't, but a girl can dream, can't she? There is justice in the world. A four-hour car trip with two autistic children and a 62-year-old mother with bladder control issues, we went to Lubbock, TX home of Texas Tech Red Raiders (who beat Mr. Smith's beloved Ole Miss Rebs last year). Checked into one of the nicest hotels I've ever been in, and the only hotel Jaylee's ever been in, only to find the hotel is exclusively CNN. Does anyone know if Ted Turner owns the Holiday Inn chain? We had a fifth floor atrium room an elevator ride and steps away from the in-door swimming pool. Took everyone to IMAX for an undersea adventure, the water park for sunburns, and the mall for movies and dinner. The girls were not real keen on the idea of sleeping in strange beds, but by the time we left Sunday morning, they were reluctant to say the least. Sarah seranaded us on the way home with "I don't HAVE any school tomorrow!" For four hours. So far so good. Talked the chef at the restaurant we ate at Saturday night into trading his Apple Pie Cheesecake recipe for my Peach Cheesecake recipe. Thinking about putting together a cookbook. What do ya'll think? Fast easy entrees with back-breaking, heart-achingly good desserts. Still no calls from the school reporting mass hysteria. Sarah seemed to settle in nicely, but Jaylee wasn't too sure. Kindergarten finds her in a different classroom with a different teacher. And a longer schedule. She goes until 3 p.m. now. Our school is so small that one teacher handles the special education students K-4, 5-8, and 9-12. There are still only 4 students in the class. And two of them are mine. Jan - I would give money for that doctored picture of Shep. I can't even imagine him with the wash-off tattoos. But I bet he's got a nipple piercing. ;-) I'm going to try to be better about posting now that I'm all by myself all day long. Ya'll have a good one.

 Good morning Blog Jan: JAN!! My Jan how are you doing?! Good to see you on the blog and I'll look forward to seeing you on AIM (provided I'm still living) Nan: Are you feeling better from this afternoon? Hope so Everyone: I saw more Newlyweds today and I just have to say if any of you ever meet me or ever meet any husband of mine and you hear me acting like Jessica Simpson - please do the honorable thing and take me out back and shot me, thank you. Okay so again this morning I get up 6:15 a.m., move the car over the boonies, freeze on the way back, come back in, go to sleep and have a great Greg Kelly dream I mean *shakes my head* this was like the best one - ever and some of you know I have *had* some dreams - anyway- wake up still freezing, sneak a peeky outside my window and guess what?! NO ROAD REPAVING I am *litterally* jumping up and down in sheer frustration...later on today found out that it's too "dewy" in the morning so they're going to wait until Saturday to do it when EVERYONE will be home and I'll prolly have to park even further away because Saturday is Phi Alpha Delta Kickball practice woo-hoo! and I'll be back late and all the good boonie parking will be gone and people further back in this townhouse development get p-o'd when you park in their GUEST parking lots... *breathing* I had a fab'lus time today in DC I went to *SIX* different musuems!! I didn't wuss out and didn't take one elevator up, I did all the steps and all the walking and now am officially sore for the next 6 - 8 weeks, my trainer called me and I told him "No stairclimbers for me, forever!" I reinforced this fact when I saw him later. *1* more day until I can go and grovel at the surgeon's feet to please make me better - today I smelled such wonderful food that by the end of the day I was tired of just stoping for tea so I said "fruck it" and I had 1/2 of 1/2 of a childs cheeseburger - nausea to no end but kept it down, later tonight when I tired to eat the other 1/2 *shakes my head* I just want my surgeon man to do something! You know it's bad when plain broth makes you sick -- tomorrow is grocery shopping day and I will just tag along and stare at all the good food... Okay so yes I should go see Greg in DC but NO I shouldn't - now ya'll can call me a chicken, wuss, etc I admit it! I am! Totally w/o question, you guys just don't know I could *never* oh my God, *never* go - my problem is I think, I think too much, I think very badly and I have a very large, elaborate doomsday scenerio in my head for what would happen if I went - so large looms this scenerio that it's..well it's bad, like not even Melissa could convince me to and Melissa was the one that got me to send him his shirt - no, I can't go, it wouldn't work out, it would be horrible, I'd be hiding under my blanket afterwards for days....sure there is the highly improbable off chance that it could go marginally well, even dare I say "good" but that would require some sort of good or fair luck on my part and I, to date, have neither... My favorite shows are: Melrose Place (that *never* gets old), ER, Nip/Tuck, Reno 911, Monk, PTI, The Amazing Race, OZ and Family Guy those are shows I refuse to miss and if I do I cry. I also love those MTV Real World vs. Road Rules shoes but only when Eric from Real World - New York (original) is on *drooling* mmm Eric Nies... Oh! Kickball practice is Saturday and we get jersey's and I have to think of some cute name and number - the last time I had to do this was Powederpuff - Jr year I was "18" and "Tha Professor" Okay the heat is *finally* on in this house *yay* and the hunger pains have subsided for the night - I'm going to turn in for school in the *afternoon* tomorrow ah yes morning sleep - morning sleep brings Greg Kelly dreams I've noticed - everyone take care and have a good night.

 Hi Ladies! Sherry - I too watch OC, but the only reason is because my 17 yr old son likes that show and as his mother it is my responsibility to evaluate the appropriateness of the content for a boy his age. LOL The only new fall show I've seen that I like is Las Vegas. Other than that my favorites are mostly cop shows: the Law & Orders, the CSI's, Boomtown, 24 and the lone reality show Survivor. Don't always get to see all of them, but my recorder has been working overtime lately. Gotta love fast-forwarding through the commercials. 8.4 lbs in the first week-WOW!!! You're inspiring me to stick with my diet. It's great to hear that it's fall somewhere in the country. Still summer here though it's supposed to get "down" into the 80's later in the week. October is usually too hot for fresh pumpkins. They rot in a couple of days and look more like the guy in the "bitter beer" commercials than a jack-o-lantern. Too scary for the trick-or-treaters. Congrats on the Economics test!!! Knew you had it in you. It sure was great seeing Adam after his absence. He probably took a few days off getting ready for the last week leading up to the election. Leslie - I say we alternate and really confuse him. Trying to find my recording of the CSI episode that "Lady Heather" was in for tips. No amount of preparation is too much for our boy. Benjamin McKenzie, an ivy leaguer. I like an educated guy-makes pillow talk a little more interesting. Though I do wish he were a little older. His being only 2 yrs older than my son would still make me a "perverted old woman". LOL Jan - Well if their careers are any indication, Ah-nold will be a much better Governator than Jesse Ventura. At the very least, he can't be worse than Grayout or Bustymytaxes. BTW-tried sending you an e-mail the other day, but it was sent back undeliverable. Jayel - Seems like Fox execs keep doing the bait and switch with our hotties. They suck us in with the hotties and then replace them with others. Do you think they're afraid we might become too attached and start stalking them? Nat - I tried watching Fear Factor, but when the part where the contestants have to eat gross things is too much for me. I can't ever watch the episode of Survivor when they eat bugs stuff either. I know, I'm a light weight-just wish my physical weight was as light. LOL Jen - Glad you had a good time at the museum. Sorry you had to trek to the boonies for nothing. I agree with Sherry - you should go to the event where Greg will be speaking. Take a camera and snap pictures of a lifetime. Talk to you later!

 Hi Kids, Speaking of kids, I am so glad I'm not the only one here that watches 'teen' shows. I've seen bits of "Newlyweds", and I am in complete agreement the Jessica Simpson is a whiner and very immature. I can't believe either that she spent $750 on underwear, I hate spending over $12 on a bra!!! Either that Nick Lachey is a saint, or just stupid.....My favorite shows are mostly dramas, I like Third Watch, West Wing, Ed, Survivor, The Dead Zone (when it's on), I also got to see a little bit of Joan of Arcadia, and that actually seemed good, I was afraid it would be hokey, but I enjoyed it, that bad thing is now I'm going to have to remember to tape it because Friday nights are my 'hospital' nights. I'm kind of a 'channel surfer' so during commercials I watch a lot of other shows too. Last night they had on TLC the Trading Spaces--They Hated It. That was kind of fun to watch, but I kept going between Third Watch and that. Nan, sorry about the spilled milk, glad you didn't cry....I was at an intersection once when the back of a pick-up came open, and about 7 cases of soda went flying out the back and popped open. There were about 12 of us who got out to help the poor guy pick it all up, of course they rolled all over creation, and I think he lost a few cans down the sewer....You know, I think you could have sat anywhere at that game and still heard those words, sports fans are just nuts. Our HUGE news story is that the Cubbies made it to October and are still playing. This is bigger than that incident in Iraq a few months ago.....:-P Nat, I'm really glad I don't live in California anymore.....I just have to say that everytime...I really haven't been paying close attention to all that, I just hope that if Ah-nold makes it, he is a better governor than Jessie Ventura was for Minnesota, he spent most of his term touring and giving interviews on different shows on what it was like being governor, he spent very little time in the state.....I hope you're feeling better, you seem to get a lot of sinus headaches...sometimes those are actually migraines, maybe a trip to the doc would be good....(professional advice here)--the flu shot is not ever supposed to make anyone sick (except for those with egg allergies) because the virus in it is dead, I would recommend that everyone get one....(taking off the professional jacket)....I don't dream about insomnia exactly, but I often dream I'm awake... Teri, your daughter has a lot to learn...:-) I think a little obsession can be healthy.... Jen, you need to go to that thing that Greg will be at....how many times will something like that just fall into place? You can even just sit in the back or something....I sure hope you are feeling better, how you can feel lousy and still make it to school sure says a lot about how strong you are even if you don't think you are...I promise to log on to AIM sometime in the near future.... Sherry, is Medival Times the restaurant where Jack Osbourne went on his b'day on The Osbournes? That's the only time I've heard of it. I hope you and your hubby have a good time. I've been to Curves every day so far, except Sunday, I really like it, but it will be better next week when my friend gets back from Chicago and I can meet her there for the workouts....I love buying stuff for scrapbooks, but I don't like putting them together...I am so impatient, if it can't be done thisfast, then I don't want to do it. I still have pictures in the envelopes from the film processing place that I took in Italy, and they are in the bag on my bedroom floor and on the 24th it will have been 1 year since we left....how's that for pathetic???? Congrats on the 8.4 pounds gone!!! Leslie, are you supposed to be so happy to have your husband leave??? :-) You could have a lot of weiner roasts on that firewood....I wanna watch the Shep interrogation if that's alright, maybe I could videotape it??? I have an aunt that teaches 2nd grade and she had a few cases of whooping cough last year, I kind of thought it was eliminated too. We're whipping (not whooping) the camper into shape, I worked on the inside last night and I get home today to find my grandpa (who lives right across the street) had scrubbed down the outside, he's so cool! Anyway, we need to get the upholstry(sp) attachment for the Rug Doctor and clean the cushions, but it's looking pretty Gals.....Hey, the big thing now is older girls-younger guys, go for it! Jayel, whose this Rick you keep mentioning??? :-P Suppose Greg cut himself shaving? I haven't noticed the eyelash thing, but I will look closer next time! I have noticed that Hannity has great eyes though...he's kind of a half-hottie.....

 Hi all! Sherry, just caught the end of Rick's report when he said New Jersey I think. So, he's already back in the States? Jayel, noticed Greg's little cut on his cheek/chin. A shaving cut? He had a small cut there before if I recall. He was smiling quite a lot today which was very nice!

 Rick is on the Fox Report - not live but a recorded story. Is he home?? Wow it is really fall now on the West Coast. It is so cool and nice. I love it. This is one of my favorite time of the year (except having to do the leaves in the yard). I think next week I will drag my hubby to the pumpkin patch and go on the hay ride and get some pumpkins for my porch. OMG - I just got my grade from my Economics test I took on Saturday and I got an 84. I was so excited since I was sure that I had gotten a D or worse. I have two midterm expams the week of the 13th and then I'm done for a couple weeks. Yeah. Did you hear about the lady that went to jail and left her toddler at home and didn't bother to tell anyone that she was there. Unbelievable. The father finally found her. Jayel - Was Jeff on today?? I didn't see him. I think we need to call Duane "Dog" Chapman up and put him on the job of finding Rick. I swear he is always missing in action. I think we need a promo that shows all of our hotties. Wouldn't that be great. We could all tape it and then play it over and over again. LOL!! Nat - I'm glad you are feeling better. I saw Todd alot yesterday too. It was definitely a good hottie day. I'll let you know how Medival Times is. I will email you some pictures. I need to stay motivated since that is one of my biggest problems whenever I'm dieting. Tomorrow will be the first time I have had to go out but there is a set meal and it is roasted chicken, potato and vegtable soup. I'm going to skip the desert. So at least they are serving chicken and I should be able to stay in my points. I'm going to eat light all day and that way I have most of my points left. Leslie - Glad to see you back. I am so addicted to The OC but they left us hanging at the end. I doubt they would kill her off since she is one of the main characters but who knows. Benjamin McKenzie is a hottie. I'm didn't know he was 24 though. Wow. I think he does play like a 15 year old.

 Hi, Ladies! Yesterday was an excellent day for the hotties, EXCEPT for Rick (and Dan). I think that it's time to call in the FBI and report Rick missing. Hotties have been in disappointingly short supply today. Do ya suppose that Fox is afraid of spoiling us by giving us too many hotties too often? Do the Fox execs even comprehend the importance of the hotties to women viewers? Guess that we'll just have to keep beating "the suits" over the head until they get the message. Did anyone notice that Greg had a small cut on his face today. He still looked "lovely" despite that and the fact that he wasn't wearing one of his better colors today. Sherry and Natalie - I was fully expecting to see Jeff and his eyelashes today and have been sulking over the no-show. When Jeff looks down at his notes, you can fully appreciate the eyelashes. Sean Hannity also has beautiful eyelashes, but somehow I can't think of him as a hottie. I saw a third promo for Fox Report today. This one doesn't show Rick, Greg or any of the other hotties, but does show Catherine Herridge, Jennifer Griffin, Molly H. and Mike Tobin. Okay, let's have a show of hands for all of you who would watch Fox Report in order to see Catherine, Jennifer, Molly and Mike. Hmmm... just what I thought. Lol! California Girls - I heard that Arrianna Huffington is thinking of withdrawing from the Ca. recall election and urging her supporters (both of 'em) to throw their support to either Grayout or Cruzer, the Loser. I hope that those of you who are feeling under par will be back to full speed soon. Where is Melissa? Where is Denise? Leslie - I'm happy that you're back.

 Yay- I'm *finally* getting to post! And if I go over my lunch time, so be it- I didn't get my break this AM and feel like burning up some attitude, LOL! Anyway.... I'm feeling better today, stomach's still kinda iffy but NOTHING like yesterday. I'm sticking to bland stuff just in case. Any gals out there thinking of getting the flu shot, beware of the side effects- they're not bad, but just a pain. I got to see Todd yesterday- twice! :-) I got home in time to catch him on Fox Report & also on Cavuto's show. It was funny- I dozed off around 9:50 or so and when I woke up ten to fifteen minutes later, hubby had on Fox, and the first thing I saw was the TV & Todd, LOL! Hehehe....that was cool. I'm probably lucky I didn't yell out "hey! it's Todd!"- I could see myself trying to explain that one LOL. Sherry- At least some of the hotties were back, huh? :-) WOW!! 8.4 pounds?!? That's awesome! That is a lot, but I bet you're right- the workouts really helped. I *really* need to get on track with my exercising again. Maybe tomorrow, when I'm really back up to par. That is *awesome* motivation! :-) You inspire me and probably the rest of the gals here too! :-) I haven't heard of Medival Times, but I'll have to check to see if there's one around here. That sounds *really* fun- plus I love that kind of stuff. Your theory makes sense- I don't know if Todd was filling in for Mike while he was in Iraq, but since Todd's back in NY, maybe Mike's coming back to TX & then Rick will end up in Iraq. Time will tell. I have my usual favorites: Friends, Fear Factor, Joe Millionaire (will be starting in Oct.), and Survivor. My dilemma is that Friends & Survivor are on at the same time. I sacrificed Friends for Survivor last week. My reasoning? Friends will in all likelihood repeat, Survivor so far (to my knowledge) has not. Since we only have one satellite receiver, we can only watch/tape one thing at a time. Other faves (which have not come on yet with new shows) are: Meet My Folks, 24, Monk, Hack, and Keen Eddie (unless that one's dead & gone). If they have another "For Love or Money" I may watch that too. I haven't tried "The Bachelor" yet. ROFLMAO about what you said about that Newlyweds show too! Some of these shows are really good for the humor factor alone- pretty much how we ended up watching some of the reality shows. Jen- What a pain! They didn't even do the road??? Well, it's not much consolation but at least I guess you weren't the only one in that position. I hope your trip to the Smithsonian & Nat'l Gallery of Art went great!! I hope pouchy & gally behaved themselves! Hehehe, sure I'll take on that Triple Dog Dare! I'll email you about that. I'm sorry I mentioned the rice- I hope you can have that again soon. Oh my....that mexican chicken dish you mentioned sounds SO good. Mmmm saffron! ROFLMAO about the MTV show Newlyweds- I haven't seen it, but it sounds hilarious! I think truly deep men do not find that attractive- unless they're looking for unattached fun....or maybe if they don't have a brain (but I guess that would mean that he's not deep either....). When are you supposed to see the surgeon again? Leslie- Yay! You're back!! Bet you missed us gals! Wait- this was *his* Honey-Do list?? Did you have one for him?? I hope so! ;-) LOL, petite *does* sound better than short, huh! LMAO about yours & Nan's Shep scenario- you girls are too funny! Well- the Murphy's on teak floors makes it a bit dull, but it's definitely cleaner. I actually like the duller look, especially when the sun shines on it- not quite so blinding. I like that stuff too. THREE cases of Whooping cough?? Wow, I haven't heard of anyone having that for awhile (not that I know a lot of people anyway)- I thought that the Pertussis inocculation covered that too. You better high tail it out to get one of those! We "fall back" October 26- it's my favorite time, so I've had my eye on it. I just *love* gaining that extra hour- hey, I'm a newbie! We didn't have Daylight Svgs time in AZ, so this will only be my 10th time 'falling back' (I moved to CA Oct. 8, 1994). I always wait till about 3 in the afternoon on Sunday and then change it so it feels like I have an extra hour. ;-) OK- gotta get back to work. Hehehe....I still have one more break to take in the next two hours.... so I only have an hour & 45 min. that I have to work. :-)

 Fox Hottie Alert - Greg is on in the mornings today. Jen - Oh my god, that show Newlyweds is hilarious. She is such an idiot. They fight all the time. I know what episode you are talking about but there are worse ones than that. There was one where she went to a store and bought 2 pairs of underwear and 2 bras and it was like $750.00 and then she calls Nick and says honey don't be mad but I just spent all this money and this is all I got. He was pissed and said did you even look at the tags and she is like no I didn't think to look at the tags. He told her to take the shit back and she says she can't they won't take it back. Apparently she has never had to clean or pick up after herself and their house is always a mess. He finally had to hire someone to fold laundry and do clothes because she wouldn't do it. I guess it must be her looks that he likes because it sure isn't her mind. LOL!! I basically watch is for the humor factor, I can't believe someone can be that helpless. Well gotta go.

 Hey ladies, I'm back in the saddle again. Sent Roy off yesterday morning for what I hope is a very long time. He was on vacation last week, and since we can't afford to go anywhere, we stayed home and worked on his Manic Honey-Do list. Spent the last four days cutting down 6 huge elm trees, (hate elm trees, not sad to see them go). But for some reason, my beloved thinks he married a lumberjack. I envy you short ladies. You're not so much short as petite. At 5'9", it's hard to look petite, feminine and helpless. Anyway, to make a long story short, after sawing, splitting and stacking, we now have a cord and a half of firewood. Did I mention we don't have a fireplace? Nan - It was really great talking to you yesterday. Nobody feeds my Shep-oholic needs like you. I was thinking we could play good cop/bad cop. I could rough him up, and you could sooth and coddle him. Or we could play against type and you could be the whip-weilding dominatrix. Let me know. Sherry - I am so glad to know I'm not alone in the teen show thing. I consider them guilty pleasures - like the box of Philadelphia Cheese cake squares I have hidden in the freezer behind the black-eyed peas. I love The OC so much I had to find out about Benjamin McKenzie. Turns out he's a 24-year-old Ivy League graduate from Austin, TX. Now I just feel like a dirty old woman instead of a perverted old woman. Doesn't he play a 15-year-old? His love interest is actually 17. Don't you know her dad is keeping a close eye on things. Nat - I remember you saying you were "swabbing the deck" with Murphy's Oil soap. I love the way that stuff smells. We have hardwood floors in the bedrooms and use that to mop. Just makes the wood shine. Sorry to hear you're under the weather. I get that way after flu shots too. Speaking of which, got to go get mine next week. We've had three cases of Whooping cough here in the elementary school. I thought the Pertussis inocculation was supposed to prevent that completely, but it seems it's like a flu shot. Most people won't get Whooping cough, but those who do won't get it as bad as without the shot. Jan - congratulations on the pop-up camper! That is so cool. I love camping out, but the older I've gotten the more my idea of roughing it has changed. Now roughing it is a Motel 6 with no room service. Sorry, but I can't remember the rest of the posts (all last week), but I hope everyone is well and enjoying the cooler fall weather. By the way, does anyone know when we're supposed to "Fall back" on the clock? Got the girls dressed in the dark this morning, sun didn't start coming up until after breakfast. Just really hard to get motivated in the dark. Ya'll have a good day.

 Alright so it isn't Thursday and I haven't seen my surgeon yet but you know what? I love you guys and mid-terms are almost here so I'm going to get this all in but seriously when you have drama where else can I go w/ this stuff right? Sooo I had a very intresting day, someone knows about it LOL she shall remain nameless anyway inbetween my intresting day I was dog dead sick for like 3 hours all because I was just in need of food so badly but I recovered enough to have a little...fun, yeah fun LOL Also I woke up this morning at 6:15 a.m. to move Jiggy over to the boonies and the people did NOTHING to the road *shakes my head* that alone would have been enough to kill me and I have to do the same thing tomorrow morning Speaking of tomorrow *SHHHH* I'm playin' a little morning hooky and takin' the metro down to DC to the Smithsonian & Natl' Gallery of Art *Whoo hooo* so excitied about it, I'll be *freezing* b/c it's a bit chilly but that's alright and ol' gally and pouchy might try to act up but it's like I told Nan I'd have to be just about pronounced dead not to go tomorrow Sherry: Wow congrads on that weight I *know* how great that feels!! Keep up the awesome work at Curves - I might have to join you, my trainer at my gym is leaving next month and no one quite does it for me like he does Nat: Ooo my poor Natalie and your tummy - hope it wasn't "sympathy ills" LOL - seriously I'm glad it went away and I hope it *never* comes back - I think you and I should arrange your tummy trouble and my pouchy troubles a getaway - Natalie do you accept my Triple Dog Dare?!?! You better! How could I do something *that* important alone?! ... RICE oh Natalie you're breaking my heart!! I miss rice w/ a passion - well I miss food period. anyway I saw my religious program 30 minute meals (lol) and she made a mexican chicken dish and she cooked rice but to "spice it up" she used chicken stock instead of water, butter and saffron and I am telling you Natalie *drools like Homer Simpson* but all of her 30 minute meals are fantastic - I use to cook them all the time and I still cook them but not for me :-( not until after ol' surgeon seems me I think both Sherry and Nan mentioned that Greg was wearing my shirt again and I'm being spoiled I guess and don't even know it since I missed it *cries* oh well I can think of other ways I can get spoiled by Mr. Kelly...but of course they all are harmless and innocent of course I mean come on! I can't even go and sit in the audience and look at him!! My grandpa's girlfriend was like "Take Frank (my trainer)" No way!! Then Greg would think I'm spoken for - wouldn't want to dash *HIS* dreams now would I???? Okay so I taped this MTV show Newlyweds by mistake tonight and *shakes my head* Jessica Simpson - there's so much I want to say but she would understand so little of it I think - I'm watching this and thinking, well let's just say she and Nick won't be discussing the Supreme Court's undermining of Miranda v. Arizona or the way the Patriot Act strips away indiv's protected Const. rights anytime soon..I mean man! She thought Buffalo wings were *actually* Buffalo - like someone offered her one and she's like "I don't eat Buffalo" and she's really whinny and spoiled and asks about if Nick likes her shoes and was afraid of Dolphins and being in the "deep waters" of a lake and I could go on but I'd give myself a headache - tell me men don't find that attractive b/c if they do I am in *MAJOR* trouble - I guess I'll ask my "man on the inside" Frank about that Talked to the surgeon man a few days ago and he personally doesn't think it's my gallbladder but I still think it is - he thinks the funnel that all my food is suppose to pass through has closed up and well anyway either way gall bladder, funnel I'm going to have another surgical procedure so I can eat, function, shower w/o like a prop up tool... Alright time for beddy so I can get up and move Jiggy back into the boonies at ungodly early hours - everyone have a good night.

 Wow what a day for hotties. I saw Todd, Jeff, Greg and Adam (I was so glad to see him on my tv). Weight Watchers Update - Well went to weigh today for my first week and lost 8.4 pounds. I was shocked. I know you always lose more the first week but I wasn't expecting that much. I guess those 4 workouts at Curves helped a little. That is enough motivation to keep me going. I don't know if any of you have ever been to Medival Times but they just opened one in Baltimore and I'm taking my hubby there on Wednesday for his Birthday. There are I think about 8 or 10 around the country. If you haven't heard of it there is a jousting show and dinner. If you have ever seen the movie The Cable Guy that is where Jim Carrey took Matthew Broderick in that movie. It looks like it will be fun. My hubby loves all that stuff so he is excited. Nat - I think he was on in the morning. I'm thinking maybe the 9-11 hour est time. I can't be positive. He was also on The Fox Report if you taped that. I'm getting used to the missing goatee.. I can so relate to the eating at work. When I was working they were always having snack days and bringing stuff in. It was crazy. Jen - Oh come on you can do it. You have to go. You can just sit in the audience take some pictures and just stare at him. LOL!! I would go but I have an exam that night so I can't. Jayel - I was checking out Jeff's eyelashes too. He is a cuttie. Imagining him in jeans and all wet. I like it. LOL!! Nan - I can relate to the milk story. I have done that before. Yeah the 60 pounds is a lot to lose but then I got lazy and gained a lot of it back which disgusts me to no end. I guess I need to just get back at it. Let me know how the Curves diet plan works for you. Teri - You are becoming a regular at the library I see. LOL!! Glad to see you posting. I have no idea where Rick is. He is never on. You haven't missed him much since moving because he wasn't on most of the summer and then once and awhile we would get to see him like once a week. When he poped up in Jerusalum we thought we would get to see him more but that isn't happening. Who knows where he is at now. I was thinking that Mike Tobin has been in Baghdad for awhile so maybe he will come home and Rick will go there. Okay does anyone have any new fall TV shows that they watched and like. I watched that One Tree Hill on WB and liked that. I also liked The OC but that is not on again until the end of October again. Yes I know I'm probably too old to be watching these teen shows but I like them anyway. LOL!! So much TV so little time. I have both VCR's going on some nights because they put some new shows against some of my favorites. I tape all this stuff and then don't know when I will watch it all. Well gotta go, talk to you later.

 Jen.....I'm feeling (part) of your pain. My stomach feels really topsy turvy right now- just unsettled. I got the flu shot on Friday, so I don't know if it's that or something else altogether. It's like I'll feel OK, then warm/sweaty/clammy like (that's only happened once). It was really weird- it came on suddenly and then was gone in a couple of minutes (for the clamminess). I'm just going to cruise the rest of the day. I'd love to just go home and curl up with Fox News! ;-) UPDATE: it's about 3 hours later since I started this, and I don't have the unsettled stomach anymore- I was kinda worried for a bit. I'm just going to get through the day & take it easy tonight- maybe have cereal for dinner or rice. It's just *got* to be from that flu shot.... Jayel- Jeff's got long curly eyelashes?? Girl, you really pick up on the details don't you! :-) I'm going to have to take a much closer look next time I see him on. Teri- Hey- I got your message. Yeah! I'd love to read the Charlie Daniels' book- send it on! Did you want it back afterward? Let me know. LMAO about what you said about your daughter reading the posts! She'll understand our point of view some day! ;-) Where's Rick? I was hoping you could tell *us*! I think Melissa has something to do with it, LOL! (J/K Melissa!!) Sherry- Do you remember what time this morning Todd was on? I used a 6 hr tape, and taped the first 3 hours of Fox News Live, but not the fourth hour (leading up to Dayside). I then started it for the one hour of Fox News Live & Studio B- hopefully I got him in there somewhere, LOL! If not, there's always next time. Back in NY, huh? Wow, it sounds like the hotties came out of the woodwork today, huh! That's cool that it sounds like Greg's wearing the sage green shirt of Jens! Maybe Rick's on his way somewhere else? Iraq?

 Fox Hottie Alert!! Todd was on this morning. Can't for the life of me remember what he was reporting about but he is back in New York. Greg is also reporting from Baghdad and I think he is wearing Jen's shirt. Where is Rick?? They have been reporting from Juresualum (sp) the last couple of days but there is no Rick. I can't imagine he is home already. Well I'll post more later.

 Nan- it wouldn't surprise me! I saw in the local paper the picts of all the folks running for govener of california and thought to myself, gee i wish i had the money it takes to regester my name on the ballot! i'd sure as hell find a better use for that money!LOL! my daughter was looking over my shoulder as i was reading the posts yesterday.she couldn't believe it...made a teenage comment and i reminded her that rick is a living person where as the comic characters she likes arn't!(not that i'm complaining mind you. "go ahead honey,keep liking aname charaters").i told her to go look at books and leave me in peace so i can't post my comments! ok ladies! i'm fox deprived, where is rick? is he back in the us. if so can't he at least take the time to e-mail me and let me know if my picture is on the way...that's all i ask in life, a picture....ooops! i got carried away. well, let me get home and finish cleaning my house! Slan leat!

 Hottie Alert! Jeff Goldblatt has been on this morning in a gray suit and is still covering the Arab summit in Detroit. Not only does he have pretty brown eyes, but take a look at his long, curly eyelashes, girls. I've seen another promo out for Fox Report. This one shows Greg, but not Rick.

 Hi Girlies!! Have you ever had insomnia, then finally get to sleep only to *dream* about insomnia? I had that last night- it was weird; I was stressed in my dream because I couldn't get to sleep and it was getting really late (or early depending on which way you look at it). I think it'll be an early night for me tonight! ;-) You know what's cool is that I bought/won a big Fox News coffee mug from a woman and she's also a HUGE Fox fan. We've exchanged emails a couple of times. It's a small world. Nan- Yeah...unfortunately it doesn't surprise me what you wrote about the student section at the FSU game. I hope the future of our Country don't all speak like that. I think sometimes that some people get carried away with sports and use it as an excuse to behave like that. Sounds like you were really productive! :-) I pretty much got the laundry done & that was about it. Your asthma was acting up too, huh? Mine was mildly- mainly at night & when I first woke up. I woke up with a killer sinus headache Saturday (which explains my slothiness on Saturday....no really good excuses for yesterday, LOL!). You didn't miss much- Jeff G was on a couple of times yesterday, but that was pretty much it. LOL about the Huffington/Camejo thing! You know what Bustamante (Bustamove, Boostmyego, etc) is saying now is that Huffington & Camejo need to drop out 'cause they're stealing his numbers and that Davis should support him...BWAH-HA-HA-HA-HA-HAAAAA! I missed the town hall meeting Arnold & Sean did, but saw the bits they showed on H&C. That is a plus for Arnold that he doesn't double speak and answers directly. I just wish he was more in the conservative than middle of the road (like about abortion & social issues- he leans too far in favor of those for my liking). I think he'll do good in the Governor's seat fiscally though. I guess that's a week from tomorrow, so we'll soon be finding out! :-) Just PLEASE no Bustamante. Or Davis, for that matter. LOL, I used to really hate being short- mainly when I was in grade school. I always had the impression that to be 'cool' you had to be tall. I always cringed when that song "Short People" came on the radio, LOL! Doesn't bother me anymore, of course. I'm happy with my height- sometimes I think it'd be nice to have longer legs, but that's ok. I can usually outwalk people with longer legs (I'm a very fast walker). ;-) Speaking of walking (exercise)- good luck to you also with the working out (Curves)- it sounds like a great place. I'm really going to strive today to work out when I get home. You gals are inspiring me! :-) We can support each other here with our weight loss/toning up goals too. That's one thing I learned from WW is that a support group is very helpful. OK, need to get to work....I'm 15 minutes past my start time LOL! Talk to ya'll later.

 Hey LevenGals! Had a good (but busy) weekend. Friday night, movie with Logan. Up early Saturday, tons of errands, shopping, etc. Saturday night, Fresno State football game with Brendon. Sat in the student section. A little disappointed in their trash talking. Only two words they seemed to know were bulls*** (directed at the refs) and (fill in name of opposing team member) sucks. I expected better, they are after all, college students. Driving home (after midnight) remembered it was my turn to prepare a meal for a family in my Sunday school class. So up real early Sunday morning for a quick run to the grocery store to hit the deli for some enchiladas and then got the rest of the fixings. Back home, opened the back of my car and the gallon of milk I had just bought falls out and busts wide open on the driveway. Washed the milk away (no sense crying) and put the meal together and managed to get to church only 10 minutes late. Thought for a moment I might just drop off the meal and then go home, but reconsidered as my day wasn't starting out too well and figured I could use all the help I could get. Day improved as it went along, my Texans and Broncos won and I even got the house clean and laundry done before the sun went down. Now if my asthma would slow down and let me catch my breath, things would be hunky dory. LOL No time for hottie watching, but from the looks of things I haven't missed much. Teri - I have it on high authority that Arianna Huffington and Peter Camejo are from Uranus. They flew here to planet Earth on a space ship that landed in the middle of the California desert. But not to worry, Arianna and Pete aren't responsible for the air pollution from their emission spewing space craft because it was coming here anyway. Nat - Did you catch the town hall meeting Arnold did with Sean Hannity on Thursday? It was broadcast on Sean's radio show. Parts of it were also shown on Studio B and then more of it on Hannity & Colmes. Arnold managed to impress me as a candidate. Sean asked him tough and very specific questions and he answered every one straight on and didn't resort to candidate-speak once. He won me and my vote. I still like McClintock, but I think he will have too much resistance from the legislature to be very effective. Arnold will have the ability to go over them and straight to the "people" and put pressure on those in Sacramento to achieve the budgetary cuts that are necessary in the same way Reagan did when he was Governor. Hey, I'm taller than somebody! (I'm 5'3") My boys are always making fun of me and calling me "mini me". LOL Jayel - No, no other Fox News list is as good as this one. Jeff definitely has pretty brown eyes. I like his smile too. Haven't seen the new Fox Report promo, but will be on the lookout for it. Jan - A pop-up tent, that is so great. I've always wanted one of those. Hubby and I (and the dog) like camping too. We don't do too much of it, as he camps out most of the summer when he's at fires and doesn't really feel like it when he's on vacation. Can't imagine why. LOL I joined Curves about a year ago, and I love it. It's the first workout program I've ever stuck with for a long period of time. Hubby can't understand why I don't want to workout at a gym filled with buffed smelly men. Thanks, but no thanks. Besides, I get my allotment of eye candy by watching Fox. LOL Sherry - 60 lbs - wow! I've lost 30 lbs in the last year just by working out at Curves (and cutting down on the carbs). I'm now going to start following the Curves diet plan. Hopefully I'll have more luck and finally get down to my desired weight. Not quite half way there, but at least I've made some progress. Keep us updated on how you're doing on Weight Watchers. Hope this week is better for hottie viewing. Talk to you later!

 Hey gals! Still working on cleaning up the computer- I need to get some room on here before we go to TX. I'm going to scan a bunch of Kevin's family's old photos. I'm burning a couple of cd's worth of songs I've had stored on here for awhile- that should open up some hard drive space. ;-) It's been a quiet day, but I can feel the Sunday night anxiety coming on. If I get insomnia, it's always on Sundays. A- Thanks for the well wishes! I'm feeling better today, I guess I'm adjusting. :-) Jen- That is scary about the hotel getting hit. I hope they're being smart and staying safe over there! I thought that was great that they found all the weapons- I'm not sure how much that will slow the bad guys down, but it's a start. I need to go check my email- you must've sent it since last I checked (it's been awhile and I had to restart my computer). A triple dog dare, huh?!? Now I'm curious! I'll check after I post here. Yuck- good luck moving Jiggy tomorrow and getting back in without a hitch; what a pain! Take care of yourself, girlie! Hope Thursday's meet with the surgeon goes well! Sherry- Ooh, yeah, I saw Jeff G on there a couple of times today- and you're right- he's the first in a couple of days. It's been s-l-o-w. I'm sure Adam will be back next week. I was wondering this weekend if maybe Trace fills in on the weekends while Adam covers the weekdays- but then Adam was on last weekend if I remember right. So much for that theory! ;-P Wow, hey Jen- that event *would* be a perfect chance! I really like the Weight Watchers program- like you said moderation is the key- and portion control. That was the hardest for me. A serving of cereal used to be 4 servings for me, and the same with pasta, rice.... I'm trying to scale down my portions now. I think I did good last week- until the potluck on Friday. :-P I'm thinking of checking out the flex points plan. We used to have the "Weight Watchers at Work" program, but we need 18 people to commit and we couldn't get that many the last couple of times. I need to find another one nearby. Totally feel free to email me for the support! You have my work email- and that's probably when I'm the worst- our unit is known as the "food unit" and for good reason. What's nice is that another liveaboard moved to a slip practically right at the gate, so they'll keep watch too. They've been here awhile, they just moved from another slip. Wow, congrats on only spending $25- it'd be so easy to spend triple that at one of those things (at least for me it would be, lol!). Teri- Don't worry about the short chat- I probably should not be on too long at work anyway ;-P Makes up though for all the others' multiple breaks during the day LOL! I'd be curious to know how my breaks & lunches worked out in the end- did all the times I took longer make up for the times I didn't take one at all? All I have to do is go to the bookstore or post to the blog and I'm taking more than my alotted time LOL! Glad the sleepover went good! :-) Jayel- I'm sorry you lost your post- I hate when that happens. Nope, we're the best! ;-) I always look forward to checking on 'the group' to see what's happening with ya'll. I agree with the suit vs. wet Jeff in jeans LOL! I haven't noticed his eyes- will have to check next time! I haven't seen the new Fox Report promo- I didn't know there was one- LOL- don't ever leave the group- we need you to tell us when new stuff hits Fox! :-) For some reason the image I get in my mind about Todd getting that email, scratching his head, and just not knowing what to do with it has me ROLFMAO now that you mention it. You're right- I think that their responsiveness to emails are a clear clue of their personalities. Yeah- the latchhook project was me :-) These kits are so neat and they're *great* for the winter time. I went to town on the one I'm currently working on while watching the debate the other night. I got quite a bit of it done. I have some counted cross stich kits, but I need to do some printed cross stitch ones first till I get the hang of it. It was quite humorous when I got the counted cross stitch ones- I opened one up and said, "Hey! It's a blank linen!" and then it dawned on me- "ah, counted cross stitch, I get it now" LOL! I'd only done needlepoint and latchhook rug stuff before but wanted to branch out. OK- the CD just got done, so I need to get the next one ready to burn. I'll chat with ya'll later- have a great evening!

 *crawls weakly to the blogger site* So it's come to this guys - tea and water - that's all I can keep down and I am expected to go to class tomorrow, well this should show my abs. unwavering dedication to Const. Law I think, anyway I move on.. Sherry: I'm afraid you don't realize how much of a chicken I truly am - you should go though and let me live vicariously through you :-) Seriously I couldn't go, other than being too afraid I've got school the next day and prolly will have Phi Alpha Delta kickball practice (sad but true) but I REALLY WANT TO GO!! *cries* Natalie: :-D I sent you a diddy lil' e-mail a few minutes ago and you know what it included?! A TRIPLE DOG DARE!! (for the BOTH of us) A H: Thank you for the e-mail, I replied back to you last night Okay I tried to eat something and it didn't go well - I think I need to lay down for the rest of night :-( Tuesday though I'm *finally* getting to go to The Smithsonian & National Gallery of Art *weak happy dance* provided I can make it to the metro - this whole tea and water only thing is terrible!!! - well those horrid people at the homeowners assoc. have decided to pave this already nicely paved road so Jiggy (my Highlander) has to in the God awful boonies somewhere by 8 am tomorrow and then I have to tred back from the boonies and come in through the backyard which means we have to leave the gate and patio door open so all day today we've been trying to figure out how work the alarm system - someone forgot their own passcode *shakes my head yet laughs at the same time* anyway nighty everyone -- oh wait I go see the surgeon man Thursday for him to do something God awful to me (I know it) so I'll be back then to let you know what he did.

 Hello!! Fox Hottie Alert - Jeff G was just on. Looking great in his suit. I think he is the first hottie I have seen for a couple days. I'm definitely going through Adam withdrawals but I guess he is allowed to take time off too. I'm so spoiled seeing him everyday but once this election is over he probably won't be on much anymore so I better get used to it. Jen - Check out this site http://www.gcn.com/events/16217.html I got the link from another site. Greg is going to be in DC speaking at an event and it looks like anyone can go (there is even a discount for students). I thought you might want to know since like me you are so close to DC. This may be your chance to meet him. AH - I haven't seen anyone the last couple days. Molly and Mike have been reporting for a couple days. Maybe Greg is going around Baghdad getting stories. Nat - Well tomorrow is weigh in day so I'm excited to see how I did. The first week you always lose a bunch because of water weight. I lost 60 pounds on Weight Watchers before and then I stopped and got lazy and gained most of it back. I could just kick myself for that. It definitely works becuase you can eat normal food just in moderation. They have a new Flex Points program. Thanks for the support, I might be emailing you when I'm ready to eat something I shouldn't. LOL!! I don't feel great about my test. I knew the stuff but when I got in there I forgot it all. It was multiple choice but there were a lot of questions that two of the answers were so similiar it was hard to know what one is the right one. That sucks about your marina and you have all those people walking around. That would concern me too. At least you all look out for each other. So I go to this Scrapbook Flea Market today and there were so many people there you couldn't even move. It was crazy. There was lots of good stuff. I only spent $25.00 though on some rubber stamps. I'm making all my Christmas cards this year. I'm glad I decided to go by myself because then I can go to what I want and leave. Jan - That is great about the camper. My hubby and I love to camp but we are still using the tent. We looked at pop up trailers though and are planning on buying one in a couple years. The prices are really reasonable on those and they are bigger than you would think. Good luck with Curves. I love it. I just joined but went like 4 times last week. I like that it goes fast and you are done before you know it. Well gotta go work on my accounting homework. Talk to you ladies later. Bye

 Drat! I lost my post. Now I see what some of you, who've had the same experience, are talking about. Anyway, it's nice to be back with the incomparable LevenGals. Really, are any of the other Fox News' lists as good as this one! Sherry - I caught Jeff this morning reporting on the Arab summit in Detroit. He does look good in brown, but a suit doesn't begin to compare with a wet Jeff in jeans! (Quick! Whoever's closest to Detroit, run over there and throw a bucket of water on him.) Lol! Have you other LevenGals ever noticed what pretty brown eyes he has? Jeff said that the Arab summit is for three days, so we may see more of him over the next few days. It appears that Rick is gone from Israel, and Greg may be gone from Iraq. If they are, let's keep our fingers crossed that they get some good stories to cover in this country. I'm ready for some amusing stores that give them an excuse to laugh or smile. Has anyone caught the new promo for Fox Report that shows both Rick and Greg? I've only caught this promo once. Someone at Fox News must have finally gotten the message that they need to feature these two in their promos. Don't let up on the e-mails, ladies. Natalie - You may be right about Todd. Getting an e-mail from a viewer may be such a new experience for him that he doesn't know whether or not he should respond. Perhaps, he's afraid that someone (not you, of course) might begin stalking him over the internet . Response, or lack of response, from the guys does give a clue to their personalities. Jen - I'm assuming that the Fox reporters are staying at the Al-Rashid Hotel. I read an article concerning the strike on the hotel, and it mentioned that the majority of Americans in Baghdad stay at the Al-Rashid, including Paul Bremer and his staff and various military personnel. It seems as though the bad guys are determined to make a big hit on the hotel, despite its having a high concrete barrier and soldiers guarding it. I've lost track of whoever mentioned the latchhook project (Natalie?), but I'm thinking of ordering a cross stitch afghan with a cat design to work on during the winter. Leslie, Melissa and anyone else who's been missing lately, please come back. It's not the same without y'all. Hoping that Rick will resurface next week!

 Hello! just got out of church and the post library is next to the chapel so, here i am! no responce to my e-mail. if rick is gone that explains that. hopefully he'll either repond or jusy sent the darn picture! nat- it was great talking to you. sorry to cut the chat short,had to pick up my dauhgter from school. the sleepover went well. boy can teenage girls eat! oay! I hope everyone has a good sunday! slan leat!

 Guys - just read on news.yahoo.com that there was a "symbolic" attack on the al-rashid hotel around 6:30 a.m. in Baghdad - just superfacial damage to the hotel and thankfully no injuries reported, wow so rattled by that news - okay more later next week but just thought I'd pass it along, my blood ran cold when I saw that headline - not only because of all the reporters over there for Fox but one my best friends from forever is an Army medic over there - don't really know if he's near the al-rashid but still...scary *small update* woke up and checked back on yahoo.news - the story was gone but it was mentioned in passing on the story about the Army finding weapon stashes - later everyone.

 Hi guys! No fox favorites on today. No Greg K sightings. Mike Tobin on today. No Rick L sightings. Wonder what the journalists do in Iraq when they're not reporting? Probably catching up on sleep? How good could the hotel be over there? Nat, hope your sinus feels better! wish I had the photo and you could scan it! Sherry, yeah, Greg K is wearing his red polo and smiling in the photo. Jayel, your color choices for Greg K are great! Jen, really hope it's not the gall bladder! I sent you a reply to your email!

 Wow, no posts since yesterday (early) afternoon?? I thought for sure there would have been some posts since then. I guess Fox is having a hottie drought (sp? I've typed that out a few ways & NONE of them look right! LOL!). Let's see....yesterday was kind of a continuation of Thurs.- you know how you have those off kilter days where there's a lot of [crummy] stuff to do, and you have no energy and yet you really just don't care. Or at least care enough to get too mad about it or get you moving to get it done. LOL, maybe it's just plain old laziness. I brought not one book, but two to read on the bus on the way to work & then home, and I never pulled either out- I just listened to my CDs. Kevin had night driving (instructing new students) last night, so it was just us girls (me & the cat). The "there's so much to do and I don't know where to start and don't care to start" feeling came home with me as well. So I just tinkered around a little- got some laundry started & the dishes done. The water pump on our freezer went out, so Kevin worked on that (it's now an electrical thing) up to the time he went to work at 4:30 (we probably passed each other on 101, LOL). Someone came by & looked at the wiring and said it was Mickey Mouse wiring; I believe it's the original wiring. The same guy's going to come by & fix it at some point some weekend soon. Fortunately, the freezer is also fan cooled, so there's a backup; and better yet, we were around when it happened (as opposed to being on vacation as has happened before- freezer died & we had to throw out a lot of stuff since we were gone 2 weeks and no way of really telling when it went out). So.....I've been laying low today. With the weather changes (big drop in temps & big increase in humidity) came sinus headaches. I figure there's always something I can do no matter what, so today, I've gone through old magazines & cleaning up the computer files. Didn't finish either one, but I already knew that it's going to be an ongoing process. As I tell Jen, "one day at a time". We had a potluck at work yesterday- let's just say rules were broken (diet rules, that is!) ;-P It was great food though.... Man, we have a lot of malcontents out here today (at the marina). We have a finger of land that goes around the marina where we are where people go out walking their dogs & fishing (the bay's on the other side of it). People are notorious around here for not having their dogs on leashes, which is not really good. So this guy has his dog on a leash & there's two German Shepherds that come up to it and there's all this savage barking (which is what caught my attention). The two German Shepherds' owner is way past them heading to the parking lot (i.e., no leash) and the guy with the leashed dog yells at them to get away and then at the owner. I couldn't tell what they yelled since there's other noise, but I don't think they were 'pleasantries' LOL. We have another "party boat" as we call them at our dock- the slips are 60 ft and their boat's 65-70 ft long, so they don't really fit anyway. Well, they've been taking people out - like 20 to 30 at a time, which means all these people walk by us to get to the boat. My insurance-laden mind immediately thinks of liability and who's covering it. (If they get hurt while messing with something of ours....) Not to mention that they're noisy when they come back at 9:30 on a weeknight. Tonight, they brought a bus (yes, a BUS) that's parked out in our not very large parking area (at least they had the smarts to park it in one of the long 'side' spots). Fortunately we are the only ones thinking of this- we have a dockmate who is also very protective of our area. I really think that's what separates the "liveaboards" from the "weekenders"- we liveaboards are *very* protective- someone ties the gate open, we close it. We watch out for each other. I'm almost sure the office isn't aware of this going on - yet. None of the boats (that I know of, at least on our dock) takes people out like this, so that's why I'm a bit hedgy about it. I just don't like a lot of strangers constantly being on our dock (this is the 3rd time they've taken people out since they've docked the boat here earlier this week). I'll keep ya'll posted. Teri- It was great talking to you yesterday! Sorry I haven't been around; I've been running from here to there at work (hmm....may explain the lack of wanting to do anything LOL!). Wow, FOUR times now in one week!! Let's hope that it's not another two before you can post now. ;-) I hope he replies to you! Maybe once he gets back he will. He hasn't been on for a few days, so I don't know if he's still in Israel or not. Sherry- LOL, you sound a bit like me when you say that you "shouldn't be playing on the computer"- I think that a lot when I *should* be getting stuff done at work LOL! I hope your exam went great! I'm sure you passed with flying colors. You know, I like that commercial- it's catchy! Either I'm watching Fox too much or I'm just going crazy, but I find myself think-singing to it, even when it's not on. Too bad it's so short! :-) I hope the weight watchers thing is going well for you! That's the program I did & lost 35 lbs. I gained about 8 of it back, but I'm getting back on track (save for yesterday's grub-out). If you ever need support, I'm here. Pants getting tight is a *definite* incentive to get back on track. My hardest things are carbs. And cakey things. Once you get past that first week or two, I think the feeling good takes over and makes it all worth it (kind of like exercise- once started, it feels great). I've heard of Curves and have heard great things about them. Don't give up! :-) Jen- Oh, Jen.....I hope your gallbladder situation improves, and quick! PLEASE keep me posted!! I'll be praying for you girl! Yeah....you know how men can be. Jayel- Argh....don't even get me started on Camejo. I don't see Arianna as a threat- not enough brains to really be one. But Camejo- well, he probably doesn't really have the support but his ideas just scare the crap out of me (which manifests itself in me as defensiveness and overall irritation- i.e., yelling at the TV LOL). He actually ran as a socialist in one of the presidental elections. Wasn't that not understanding why 'illegals' are 'illegal' a gem? That was one of the points that set me off- when he more or less called people of European descent illegals too. Grrr..... On a better note...I've been trying to think of a name for Jeff, and the best I can come up with is "G Man Gals"- but I'm sure that's been used somewhere (as it sounds familiar) and I wouldn't want someone to think we're talking about Geraldo. Back to the drawing board, LOL! LOL, I couldn't think of anything either that would fit "Jeff" or "Goldblatt". Goldy's Gals? Nah- that sounds too close to "Golden Girls"- we ain't there yet! LOL! This one's a toughie. The bombings at the hotels are scary; hope they stay safe over there. "It would be a "Big Happy" for me if Rick and the rest of the missing hotties would make a return." OK- got my LL Bean catalog out - it's the Christmas 2003 one- double L sweaters are on pg 20 in this one. Yep- I'm in agreement here! :-) *sigh* I'll never look at this catalog the same way again LOL! "Down with the relaxed fit jeans. (I mean that figuratively, not literally.)" Jan- Yay! You're technically the first to post today! I've been working on this one for awhile here & there & thought I'd refresh the posts to see if anyone posted since & you did! :-) LOL about being in a place with no men & mirrors! Like I told Sherry above, I've heard it's a great place. Congrats on getting the pop-up camper! OK- I'm going to wrap up this aforementioned long post. Need to eat still- Kevin got in around 6:45 and then we had to call Niall back (his son- he called while Kevin was up the mast earlier) and we just got off the phone with him. Late dinner tonight- but that also means probably no time for dessert which is good for the diet. :-)

 Hey Gals, Where is everyone? Don't tell me you all have lives!!! I've had a busy day, I got up at 8 (no small feat, believe me), went and joined Curves (Sherry, maybe I'll see you there :-)). I like that place too, like one woman said "I wanted to join a health club with no men or mirrors." Then my cousin called and said her (divorced) parents were giving up their pop-up camper and it was mine if I wanted it, so I hopped in my sister's car (the only one with a hitch) and went to get it. It is a 1985 Palomino Pony pop-up. It needs a lot of cleaning and a bit of TLC, but I think we can make it work. I'm excited about it, I love camping, but getting too old for the ground....It only took me about 4 or 5 times of straightening it up to back it down my very narrow driveway, I was pretty proud of myself...Now it's almost 8 and I've been up for almost 12 hours on a Saturday!!! I hate these "productive" days, it screws up my slothiness......

 Greg K. Alert! Greg just showed up on Studio B, so he's still in Iraq.

 Hello everyone, I really shouldn't be playing on the computer but thought I would get a quick post in before I hit the books again. My exam is at 9 tomorrow morning so I still have a lot to do. Jen - Sorry about your gallbladder. That just sucks. Hope everything goes okay with it. Jayel - Now I must go get my LL Bean catalog out and look at these clothes. LOL!! Good choice for colors for the hotties. Nat - Your work sounds just like mine used to be, I"m sure glad I'm not there anymore. I'm glad I'm not crazy about the commercial I thought there was two. Well this past Monday I woke up feeling disgusted and fat so I joined Weight Watchers (again) on Monday and my week is going pretty good. I'm actually not as hungary as I usually am which is good. I also joined Curves (don't know if anyone has heard of that) but it is an exercise place and I love it. The workout is like 30 minutes and it goes so quick. I have gone like 4 times this week so I'm feeling pretty good about myself right now. Now if I can just keep it up. I swear I hate dieting but I have a closet full of clothes that don't fit and need to get into them because I don't want to buy new ones. Well enough of my depressing story. Okay I'm going through Adam withdrawals. I only saw him on Wednesday for a few minutes and I think that is all I saw him this week. Well hopefully today, I could use a little cheering up during studying. Where is Rick?? I haven't seen him all week. I think someone said he was on but I missed that. Well gotta go talk to you later.

 Hay Nat, let's try for four posts! yaaaaaa! Well, i never got a pic of rick so i decided to e-mail him from my new hot mail account.Let's hope he responds.I want my own picture SOB*GASP*SOB* Jayel-ok, i can't picture rick in a kilt either.Jeans on the other hand....drool...nice tight blue jeans with tares(i cannot spell!) in them. well we went to the orthodontist for a counsalt and decided if my son wants his teeth/mouth done he can do it as an adult! That doctor was a jack-ass with no bedside manner.It's a long story on our ortho experiences (starting in maryland) so i'll save everyone the story. Well, everyone have a good day! Slan leat!

 Evening everyone Well went to horrid (for parking) Arlington er Virginia Hopsital Center - Arlington this morning for my ultrasound - I have a blockage in my gallbladder that they're not quite sure what it is - it's not gallstones though they could form - anyway a nurse said that it's best to get it taken care of ASAP because the blockage could cause a leak or infection :-( so still nearly officially dying - I was dragged to the grocery store and it was such a punishment - though I admit I can eat solid foods I just pay for it as soon as I swollow -- this is just such a shame for the new little domestic queen in me, I love to cook fresh meals now and now I can't even enjoy it -- this whole gallbladder mess puts my "training" for the Phi Alpha Delta Kickball Tourney is *serious* doubt I think.. The only good thing to come out of this was I whined and cried about it enough that today my trainer Frank *didn't* make me do any situps, but we were doing some weird excercises, we were on this big rubber bouncy ball balancing and extending our legs (he's *required* to do all the same things he makes me do - says me) and it totally reminded me of that scene from "Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead" ya'll remember that movie? That scene where Christina Applegate and her date are at Toys R US hopping around the store? - maybe it's just me, I tried to remind Frank of it but he didn't remember it, which doesn't surprise me. Since I seem to talk to Frank about the most mundane things in life I asked Frank about how important a shirt would be to him (being a guy in all) even if it came from a perfect stranger to him and he got it while he was in 'hostile' place and Frank *hand to God* said "It's just a shirt." I almost fell off my tredmil I was like "What?! What do you mean it's just a shirt to you?" to which he says "I'd just think I got a fan." to which I say "You wouldn't like try to be nice and try to thank me?" to which he says "Yeah *I* would but not every guy is as considerate as me." I finally saw that 24/7/365 commerical thing too - *shrugs shoulders* wasn't what I thought it would be. Molly Hennenberg (SP) was in Baghdad tonight for Fox Report - I was a little surprised to see her there. Well I hope all of you guys are getting along okay and have a good weekend if I don't make it back on here until next week - Leslie: See you when the warden releases you from work detail!! ;-) Night everyone.

 I'm delighted to see some of the LevenGals back. Quite literally, the more the merrier! Teri - Rick in a kilt? No! No! Lol! JEANS. The word is JEANS! I saw part of the debate last night. Arianna may be an irritating airhead, but I would call her a genius compared to the man (Camejo?) who couldn't understand why illegal aliens were illegal. Duh! Btw, a columnist wrote a column on Arianna and facetiously suggested that Arianna's cat, Puffington Huffington, would be a better candidate than Arianna. To me, McClintoc made more sense than the rest of the candidates combined, but he doesn't have the kind of colorful, charismatic personality that Arnold has, so I'm not too optimistic about his chances. Jan - Natalie can probably come up with some good names for Jeff Goldblatt's fans. All that I could think of was Goldblatt Girls or Goldblatt Groupies. I couldn't think of anything that went well with Jeff. Ideas, Natalie? Nan - You've inspired me to take another look at the L.L. Bean catalog. (For those of you with no catalog, you can go to llbean.com to check out what we're talking about.) Playing dolls with the hotties: Page 26 - "Double L Cotton Sweaters" - All of the V- Necked sweaters with co-ordinating checked shirts would look great on the guys, I think, but these are my choices for each one: Adam: Eucalyptus or Hunter Rick: Chili, Khaki, Light Gray Heather or Navy Greg: Atlantic Blue or Vintage Red Jeff: Butter, Atlantic Blue, Khaki or Chili Todd: Port, Vintage Red or Black Dan: Khaki or Eucalyptus "Bean's Classic Oxford Cloth Shirts" on Page 28, in solids, checks and stripes, would also look great on the guys. These come with monograms, so I suppose that they could even have "FOX" or "FNC" monogrammed on them. Why don't the people at Fox think of promoting Fox News this way? All jeans must be tight, of course. Down with the relaxed fit jeans. (I mean that figuratively, not literally.) Lol! Putting up the hottie dolls, I suppose that all of you have heard about the Baghdad bombing of the hotel where NBC was headquartered. From what I've read, the hotel had only light security. I think that I remember one of the Fox reporters saying that their hotel had concrete barriers and soldiers in tanks around their hotel, but still, I wonder about their safety. I read an article concerning Torie Clark, the former Pentagon spokesperson, who came up with the idea of embedded reporters. She will now be a public policy analyst for Paula Zahn's show. She stated that the Pentagon is encouraging news organizations to send journalists back to Iraq because so much of the coverage now is negative. This could result in more of our favorites being assigned to Iraq. Politics and Iraq are the only two news stories guaranteed to continue to receive lots of coverage in the months ahead, and there seems to be an adequate number of reporters already assigned to cover both the Ca. election and the '04 election. Steve Harrigan was on Fox&Friends today, and said that he was Fox's tallest correspondent (?) Not sure if he was serious or joking. One of the reports that he did on Iraqi citizens had an Iraqi man saying that it was a "Big Happy" that Saddam wasn't on TV any longer. It would be a "Big Happy" for me if Rick and the rest of the missing hotties would make a return. Has anyone gotten a response from either Todd or Shep? Has anyone sent an e-mail to Dan? Shep probably gets a ton of e-mail, and I doubt that he responds to anyone that he doesn't know, but Todd's lack of response is a little surprising. He isn't on that much, and I would think that those who don't get a lot of exposure would be especially grateful to be noticed. I can't get a handle on Todd's personality. Judging from his clothes and hair, I would take him for a somewhat unconventional personality, but that's about it. I'm not surprised that Rick, Adam and Jeff responded to e-mails. They each seem to be a "people person," but I don't know about the others.

 OK- since the 'others' have decided to take a break, I am too! ;-) EDIT: In my haze of a day today, I just realized how vague this sounded....."the others" meaning the 3 or 4 others (incl. Ms. Negative Vibes) that go down every hour for a smoke break....um I think that means a half hour of breaks in the am & another half hour in the pm.....and then there's an hour lunch. No wonder they're so behind, LOL, and why my desk is starting to look CLEAN....ah, the smell of victory! ;-) Well, so much for that.....I started this post about 4 hours ago.... Went & got my hair 'trimmed'....it came out a bit shorter than I expected. :*/ I suppose it will grow out.... I won't know how 'short' till tomorrow morning when I try to style it. A- Wow, USA Today, huh? That's great! Unfortunately I don't have a copy...Scanner yes, but not the photo. Sorry! :-( Jen- OMG- if someone told me what that surgeon guy told you I'd have the same reaction. I'm wishing you the best of luck to get the best news. Jan- Where've you been? We've missed you too! :-) "Obsession disguised as hitory"- love it, and yes, it definitely works on a lot of different levels! :-) Todd with facial hair- count my "yes" vote in! He just looks so....different without it. Hmmm... a nickname for Jeff G.....I'm going to have to think about this one. It's *MUCH* better now- about 70 ish & foggy- YAY! :-) Wow, I can actually believe your bill- sounds like what I've heard people having out here- that *IS*outrageous. $800????? OUCH. $80 is nothing- that's cheap by comparison (to the $800 bill). Enjoy your Firth Fest! :-) Nan- I'm sure hoping that McClintock's numbers have increased too after last night. He did very good in the debate last night- the best in my opinion! :-) It's finally cooled off- more to my liking. "My kitchen floor needs cleaning are you available this weekend? LOL" Sure! I'll be down with Murphy's Oil Soap in hand LOL! ;-) That's about all I got done last weekend since it was so hot. I'm going to be a cleaning whirling dervish (sp?) this weekend if the weather stays as it is. LOL, I'm so glad that I'm not the only "yelling at the TV" gal here. Steve H. was on Fox & Friends this morning in a suit- so odd to see him in a suit! He does look a lot different, but still doesn't do anything for me looks wise. Isn't that funny how you look at the LL Bean catelog differently? I did the same thing LOL! And the Eddie Bauer, and Lands End....LOL. "But alas, these lost they're effectiveness when they grew taller and bigger than me." Funny how this happens, huh? It must've been a sight to see me 'laying down the law' to my 6'3" stepson (I'm 5'2"). I must've gotten through a little, he later said that he was always wary of making me mad at him LOL! Probably doesn't help that both of us are scorpios. Withholding money works too... :-) Sherry- You know, that page could not be found error was the same I got when it ate my post. They must've been having 'issues'. Good luck studying & taking the Economics test! You're right- I really think McClintock was the most sound and best behaved of them all. I have no idea what planet Ariana was on. You're not crazy- there *are* two versions of the 24/7/365. One has the words & the other is just the music- I've only caught the music-only one a couple of times. I think that's the international reporter one that I *think* Jayel mentioned before. Teri! Wow- you've gotten 3 in this week! YAY!! Hopefully you'll be able to post often (even if that means going to the library for now). :-) I did some yelling at Camejo- he hit a few raw nerves (or as I sometimes call "the electric third rail"- ala the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) system here. They have signs up saying to be careful of the third rail). Boostmyego- ROFLMAO!! I love all the names I keep seeing for him. They get better & better! Hmm... Rick in a kilt- I don't know that I can quite see that. Now Todd, on the other hand....*trying to imagine*..... You know, he hasn't replied to me, but maybe he will when he returns.

 damn! i hit a button and erased my opions!!!!!! so here i go again. nat- i'll have you know i watched the recall debate with a rum and diet pepsi!not only did i LMAO but i cussed and yelled at the tv! what a night and only in california! i espacially laughed at arianna. what a stupid bitch...and which planet did she land on? i was so impressed with mcclintock. his best bet is to pull out, let arnold win and then try at the next election. he'll win then. i'm still with arnold only because of boostmyego! well, i find myself again at the library doing research for my son. peru this time. i learned alot of neat stuff about it anyway...like i ever want to visit there... speaking of which, i read back logs on rick in plaid. yep, he's a blackwatch kinda guy.lol! but i just can't picture him in a plaidie(kilt)...ok, i lied. yes i can... nat-still no pict. i guess he didn't acknowledge the e-mail. oh well, i have the copy you sent to drool over... well, let me close. until next time slan leat

 Good Morning Ladies!! Well I finally got into the blog. I was having trouble all day yesterday, kept getting page could not be found. Don't know what was going on. I only have a minute since I'm supposed to be studying now for a huge Economics test that i have on Saturday morning. UGH!! Nat & Nan - What did you think of the debate? I watched it on and off between watching The Bachelor (yes I watch that crazy show - LOL). Everytime I turned it on they were all talking over each other. They are saying today the McClintok (sp) is about the only one that had answers to the questions. Nan - I love the comercial too, I think there are two differnet versions though or maybe I'm just crazy but I could swear I saw two different ones. Anyone else see two?? I see the one with Rick and Greg at the end the most but I thought there was another one. Jayel - We didn't desert you, we are all still here somewhere. Thanks for the ratings Melissa - Good to see you posting. Jen - Hope all gets better for you. Jan - I haven't seen Rick all week. I think someone said he was on one day but I missed that. There has been news over there today because they were talking about it but the time I saw the report they didn't go live. Don't ask me why. AH - I would love to see the USA Today picture. Well sorry I can't post more but I have to go study. I'll check back in later though.

 Hey Gals! Take two.....this time I'm going to copy before I hit post so that way I don't lose another post.... Hmmm.....don't remember what I said yesterday off hand, so I'll start fresh. Watched the CA debate last night....all I can say is thank God for Merlot & latch hook rug kits. The Merlot toned me down a little and the latch hook kit kept me busy; I think when I'm idly watching anything highly charged politically I'm more quick to fly off the handle. I still muttered, and spouted off a bit during Camejo's diatribe and Ariana's monotonous overtones, but that's nothing new- just toned down a bit. :-) I'm really really rooting for the underdog (aka McClintock) now- everyone is so negative about how he should drop out since his ratings are lower, yada yada yada.....I'm really pulling for him now. Oh yeah- you know, I actually *really* could not remember what day it was today. Weds? Thurs? I seriously honestly didn't know. I have one of those vitamin/pill holders with the "SMTWTHFS" on each compartment that I have my daily vitamins/herbs in and Weds.'s is full still. That REALLY through me off LOL!! I don't remember missing a day, but obviously I did. I really thought it was Weds. for awhile until I opened up my MS Outlook Calendar (since it defaults to the day it currently is). I'm truly losing my mind. ;-p Oh yeah, no reply/photo from Todd-yet- but I'm thinking maybe he doesn't do that sorta thing. Sherry- Okey dokey.....*remembering what I wrote yesterday*...oooh- speaking of Todd, he was on during the morning yesterday (thanks Jayel for the heads up!:-) ) and looking good. I'm finally getting used to him sans goatee...but I still think he looks better with. I know what you mean about the cleaning- I accomplish a lot but since everything isn't clean and organized (only a small part that I got to), I get discouraged. Hope you caught Adam last night before & after the recall debate! He was cute as usual! Melissa!! You're back! :-) Girlie, we've missed you! Thanks for posting all the pics! Nan- I just love the ones you sent to Melissa too! :-) You know what's funny- maybe it's the angle, but Rick's head looks too elongated or something in the ones I took. In Nan's he looks more rounded or normal. I'm going to keep trying- I'm bound to get it right one of these days LOL! Don't be a stranger! :-) Teri- Yay! Two posts in one week! Aren't you glad you have us gals so that you have another reason to have to go to the library! ;-P I like earthquakes too, but I've learned you have to be careful what you wish for- you have to be specific (I wanted bay windows & hardwood floors, but didn't specify that I wanted them in a HOUSE LOL! I have hardwood floors, and literal bay windows- the ports on the boat look out onto SF Bay & the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge). Jen- Sending positive healthy vibes to you, and hope/pray that everything comes out ok for you on those tests they did. That's got to be hard to be knee deep in the semester and have something come up like that. Just take it one day at a time. You're *very* welcome for the e-card! :-) I don't know that I'd worry about what your friend said about the weight- isn't it normal to lose that much when the surgery's done? It seems to me that I've read that someone loses a lot at first, so that would sound normal to me. You take care, and remember just take it one day at a time (and *you* can remind *me* of that too anytime you want, LOL! I'm sure I need the reminder too.) Jayel- Thanks for the heads up that Todd was going to be on! :-) I rewinded my tape to that point last night and watched it. He was definitely looking good- those colors flatter him. He has such a nice smile- he needs to smile more often! I *still* cannot believe that story....my hubby's parents live about 40 miles outside Austin and they've had a few bouts of fire ants. That's crazy that this landlady is *that* adamant about making it a choice for the tenants that it's either the ants have to be moved or they do. HUH??? They're ANTS. *shakes head* This world is going crazy. This sounds like a story that should be happening in CA, not TX- but Kevin always says that Austin has been liberal pocket for years. Thanks for the ratings! :-) Kicking butt as usual- yay!! What you said about Steve H & the Iraqi teen in the hotel is scary- you bring up a good point- just because there's walls, doesn't mean that they're any more protected. OK- I'm going to have to catch up on the rest at lunch. Chat with ya'll later!

 I finally saw the 24/7/365 commercial. Love the music. Nat - That is so frustrating losing a post - I now copy my post over to Open Office before hitting post & publish, that way if it gets eaten, I can just copy and paste. I'm sitting here watching the debate, McClintock is doing great. Hopefully his numbers will increase dramatically and Arnold will be the one who's pressured to withdraw. I can't believe how hot it's been in the Bay Area, must be "indian summer" time. The calendar reads Fall, but it's still summer time here too. My kitchen floor needs cleaning are you available this weekend? LOL Jayel - Sorry I deserted you the last couple of days. Sometimes the best conversations I have are with myself, though the one's I have with the TV (usually yelling) can be rather satisfying. LOL I saw Steve Harrington the other day (can't remember when) in the studio wearing a suit. Almost didn't recognized him. I did catch Todd reporting on the shopping center story. I agree, Brigitte getting, let alone cracking a joke is a long shot. I missed Rick's report about the Palestinian policemen training. Using real bullets????? Hmmm, now if we can only convince Hamas that they need this type of training. You've done it, I've pulled out my L.L. Bean catalog and am perusing it with new eyes. I'm now considering ensembles for our hotties, scanning them and e-mailing them to Fox. LOL That is so great you received a reply from Jeff. Maybe one of these days I'll get the courage to e-mail one of our favorites. Jen - Hope the doctor has good news and you don't need to have your gallblatter removed. Keep me updated and know that you're in my prayers. Teri - Welcome to the crazy left coast Nat and I call home. And just in time for the recall too. My first choice is McClintock, but if Ahnold is leading in the polls I will vote for him. The alternative is too scary to contemplate. I too, love earthquakes. Of course, living in the central valley, I can just enjoy the ride while being safe from any damage when one hits. I remember those days when one of the boys on the way to school would turn and say, "oh mom, I need (fill in the blank) for a project that's due today. Arrghhh! My favorite "verbal behavior modification" for my boys has always been "do you want to live to see your next birthday?" My second, "I brought you into this world, and I can take you out!" But alas, these lost they're effectiveness when they grew taller and bigger than me. Now I'm reduced to the threat of withholding money, but it's not quite as fun as threatening bodily harm. LOL Melissa - Good to see you posting again - I've missed you. Thanks for posting the pictures. Hope your schedule lightens up so you can post more in the future.

 Well guys...I'm just going to come out and say it, well some of you already know that I'm running scared so I'll tell everyone I'm RUNNING SCARED from my ultrasound tomorrow :-( - ran into a surgeon today in class (how ironic was that?) told him my icky symptoms and he's like "yeah, it's more than likely your gallbladder - but don't worry the surgeon will be in and out" Speaking of prayin' and *poof* I went to church tonight for Catholicism class and *the nun* was there - the same nun that said she'd pray to God for a "real man" for me - so I showed her the pic that Nan took of Greg in my shirt and she *still* scoffed at me!! :-( but these two older ladies reconized Greg and was like "Oh he's such a cutiepie!" "Oh yes I see him all the time - ooo he's so handsome *but* don't count on ever knowing him, hearing from him" etc et. al Alright you know what I said I wasn't going to be back for a while but with this gallbladder mess *shrugs shoulders* wasn't quite sure how the next few days would go so I thought I'd stop by while I could - so all you girls take care of yourselves and Natalie, Nan, Melissa, Jayel & A H - sent you guys some mail today. Later everyone.

 Hi guys! As Jayel mentioned, Greg K was on Linda Vester's show talking about Iraq. He had his arms crossed, carefully listening to the question before he answered, meticulous as usual. Oh yeah! I read that Greg K was in Tuesday's USA Today with a photo of him smiling in his red shirt. The article is apparently online but not the photo. If anyone can scan this photo, please do! Welcome back Melissa!

 Hey gals- I'm *very irritated*..... I don't know if you gals ran into problems posting today, but I posted & then it ate it and gave me an internal server error. So....now that I'm out of time to post at work today, I'll have to post tomorrow....won't be as eloquent I'm sure (it was a darn good post! :*( ) but I'll just do it again tomorrow. **Note to self- hit POST first THEN publish....** I *did* read all the posts though.... Have a good one!

 Come back all of you LevenGals! I feel as if I'm talking to myself. Lol! Cable News Ratings for Tuesday, 9/24: O'Reilly: 2.2 Hannity & Colmes: 1.6 Shep: 1.2 Greta: 1.1 Larry King: 0.9 Aaron King: 0.6 Anderson Cooper: 0.4 Paula Zahn: 0.4 Um... That should be Aaron Brown, not Aaron King. Joe Scarborough had MSNBC's highest ratings with a 0.5. Hmmm... Shep has once again drawn slightly higher ratings than Greta despite having a less favorable time slot. It's nice to see that Joe Scarborough, MSNBC's token conservative, got higher ratings than a couple of CNN shows. Excellent ratings for Fox. (I smile, imagining the reaction of all of the Fox News critics.) Since the ratings have just come out, it might not be a bad idea to remind the PTB at Fox that a huge part of the reason that we watch Fox News is because of Rick, Greg, Todd, Jeff, Dan, Adam and Shep. (Hope I didn't inadvertently skip anybody's fave.) Melissa - You've been gone so long that someone (Er, it could've been me.) started a scurrilous rumor that you had kidnapped the missing hotties and were holed up somewhere with them, clutching them tightly to you and murmuring, "Mine. Mine. All mine." Since Rick has been missing for several days, I definitely have some dark suspicions. Lol! Jen - I hope that you had a nice birthday and that you're feeling better. In regard to (presumably) still not having gotten a thank you from Greg for the shirt, I think that it's time for you to start composing an e-mail to Ray Kelly. Greg K., you're in BIG trouble. Although I hardly ever see "Dayside," I did catch Greg (looking pretty again in light blue) and Steve Harrigan on today discussing media coverage of the situation in Iraq. Steve mentioned that while he was in Iraq, that he'd had a run-in with an Iraqi teenager who worked in his hotel. Steve admitted that he'd been rude (no explanation) and the Iraqi had threatened to kill him. Steve said something to the effect that he'd made a mistake by whatever he had said and that he wouldn't make that mistake again. I had assumed that reporters were at least safe in their hotel, but even the hotels aren't necessarily safe. Natalie - I hope that you had a chance to see Todd. If you missed him, he was wearing a white shirt, no tie, and a coat that appeared to be charcoal gray. His hair was rather long in the back and curling. I like the way that he dresses casually as often as possible. The story concerning the PETA activist has some silly elements, and he did smile. I was hoping that he might make a joke about the story, but considering that he was talking to David Asman and Brigitte Quinn, the chances for any witty repartee were close to zero.

 Hottie Alert! Brigitte Quinn just mentioned that they're going to have a report on the story concerning a shopping center owned by a PETA activist. Todd Connor has been covering this story, so he will probably be giving the report.

 Hey guys Melissa: WELCOME BACK MY FRIEND!! Good to see you post today (even better to see that picture of Greg) Thanks for the b-day wishes :) ... oh I *must* talk to you again on the phone - I know you're busy this weekend, I might not be living this weekend but if I make it - next weekend I think I'm going to take advantage of AT&T Free Nights & Weekends and give your celly a ring ;-) Today I spent most of the day writing out my Last Will & Testament after seriously realizing that I just *might* have to have my gallbladder out, it's just too much for me right now. If I have to have the surgery what's going to happen to my semester, the very thought of it just hurts my brain *As the pain of thoughts of surgery and school creep into my head -- glances over at the pic Nan took for me* and the pain is gone...but wait! Oh God what if I *do* have mono that takes so long to get over too... A H, Janice & Sherry: Thank you guys soo much for the birthday wishes via e-mail and the blog, they ment a lot to me. Nan & Nat: Thank you guys *again* soooo ooo much for the very sweet e-cards today! I hope you guys got my replies to them - your cards totally made my day Nat: I am so excited about reading "Le Divorce" Okay tomorrow I will gather all my strength and attempt to crawl out of bed for class so I shall finish my lukewarm tea, take a swig of cough syrup and bid ya'll adieu until...well I will talk to you guys again soon sometime - night everyone and take care.

 Well, since I'm at the library finding info on mount fugi for my soon to die son (report due tomorrow), thought i'd log in and say hi. Nat- earth quake! I can't wait! I'm one of thoes sick people who love them!.I like mcclintock also, but I don't want boostyourtaxes in either. well, i best get home and get forgetful the info i collected. he's now grounded from tv! Slan leat!

 Hello Ladies!! Finally getting around to posting. Things have been crazy the last couple days. Just a lot of stuff to get done. Haven't even had time to watch much Fox News either. Nat - Wow it is hot there. You are having a heat wave. Sound like you have been doing a lot of cleaning. I have been doing a lot of that myself. I swear no matter how much I work around this house there is always something that needs done. It is never ending. I saw Todd on the Fox Report too. I'm getting used to seeing him without the goatee. Glad your vote is till on, though I'm sure going to miss seeing Adam everyday after this is over. LOL!! Teri - Good to see you posting. We missed you. Yes your lucky you got out of Maryland in time. We did pretty good at my house just some down limbs and lost electricty for like 12 hours otherwise we were okay. Baltimore got hit really hard though. I think you said you lived near Baltimore when you were here. Jen - Happy Birthday!!! I missed that emmy thing by Jon Stewart but would have loved to seen that. How funny is that. Jayel - That was great taht Jeff sent you an email back. I was also thinking of sending him one last week when I was watching him. Him and Jonathan did a great job during the storm. I think Dan is probably on a vacation. Molly H. was over there is morning so I'm assuming she replaced him or Greg P. Hell probably pop up back in the states soon. I think he reports out of Seattle. Well I'm getting off here. I'm too tired to do anything right now. Talk to you ladies later.

 Hey Gals! I feel SOOOOOOO terrible about not being around lately. I haven't even had time to come read, let alone post, and I think the last time I got to watch FOX was on 9-11 and only a few minutes here and there then. That was the last time I saw Rick too. Jen told me he was in Jeruselum, and Nann sent me pics of him there. (that I JUST got around to reading today) Also I believe that's probably Greg in **THE** shirt right? And Shep looks adorable as ever! And do my eyes decieve me??? IS that....could that be a clean shaven TODD?? Now that I see him like that I think I much prefer the gotee and long curly hair in the back. Thanks again Nann for the pics! Here they are: Jen HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! I just got your e-mail as soon as I'm done posting here I'll go reply to you. I hope everyone is doing great, I'll try and catch up sometime this weekend, but my plate is pretty full from tomorrow until Saturday. I might be going to the Renisance Festival on Sunday too, but I'll try and get back sometime this weekend. Well here's some pics Nat sent me back in August, so I thought I'd post them now since I never got around to it before. I swear his smile could make me turn to mush....*sigh* -- wish I still had time to daydream LOL! Thanks again Nat for those pics!! Well I gotta go reply to my e-mail then eat dinner and then I gotta run over to school to develop some film and make contact sheets, and then hopefully make it to the bookstore if I have time. *whew* I'm just tired thinking about all of it. =/ As Arnold says -- "I'll Be Back!"

 Dang, where is everyone? Melissa, where have *you* been?? :-) We miss ya around here! It's been so hot here- today is the first decent day since early to mid last week. It's been 90+ where we live the last four days prior to today; got up to 102 on Saturday. It sucks not having AC & having temps of 90 inside. I want my AC, LOL! (For those of you who remember the phrase "I want my MTV" LOL!) Anyway....getting more caught up at work. Today's a *very* peaceful day *so far* (always have to stick that in there). Ms. Negative 'Tude isn't here today, so it's really nice & peaceful... :-) Good news on the CA recall front- sounds like the court gave the go-ahead (gee, how *nice* of them! lol!). Have to say it again....it's *SO* nice having the split screen! :-) Teri! Glad to see you got a chance to post!! :) Got your voicemail message here at work- glad you got the stuff! You know....I've heard it said that when it gets hot like this it's earthquake weather; your kids may not have too long to wait for some "excitement". ;-p Hubby & I have decided to vote McClintock, irregardless. I know Arnold would be the lesser of two evils, but then like my hubby said if we do that all the time that situation comes up, the liberals will slowly get what they want (as Arnold leans more toward moderate conservative than conservative). On the flipside, I'm afraid if we do that (and others do that) that "Bustamove" will get in. Double edged sword either way I guess! Jayel- I agree, Rick needs to be in more of those promos. I really like the 24/7/365 one- it's growing on me; it's catchy. I'll have to watch for the new video where Lauren Green plays the piano and includes "all of the Fox family". I don't remember seeing any of the hotties on Sunday. I was lucky yesterday & they repeated Fox Report after Brit Hume's interview with Bush, so I got to see that without having to watch the tape. Todd *was* looking good as usual! :-) I'm curious now how long he'll be staying in TX- he's been there reporting on various stories. I guess we'll find out soon enough or when Mike Tobin gets back (as it seems to me that he tends to cover the TX stories. LOL about the "Hurricane Cloth Shirts" - there couldn't be a more appropriate name! :-) I haven't had a chance yet to see yesterday's tape; I'll have to see if Rick showed up on there. I know he wasn't on Fox Report. That's great that you got a reply from Jeff Goldblatt! You ought to email one of the others too- it appears that Rick is pretty good about replies, but with him being in Israel right now it could be awhile since I'm sure they're keeping him busy. Give it a try! :-) "....I read that Jon Stewart "proposed" an Emmy for Geraldo "for outstanding achievement in making himself the focal point of every story he reports." LOL- this cracks me up! Jen- HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I hope your doctor finds out what's going on with you, and I hope you don't have to get stuck with more needles. I'm sorry to hear about the liquid diet- yuck. ROFLMAO- Geraldo Rivera lifetime achievement award for being Geraldo Rivera! Glad you're getting to enjoy other reading besides school stuff. ;-) I just got "Le Divorce" the other day....Waldenbooks had a buy four get one free sale. Great news on the weight loss! You've got a point on the wt loss bringing on more ills- 2001 was a 'sick year' for me, and that's when I lost 35 lbs (in about 9 months or so)- it's not much, but that's what people kept telling me, was that I lost it too fast and that's why I had a hard time getting over that flu/mild pneumonia I had. On the contrary, I didn't think that's why it dragged on, and still don't, but who knows. Definitely keep us posted on the tests! Well, need to make another trek to the post office and get back to work. I hope all the MIA ladies are doing well! ;-)

 Jen - Happy Birthday! I didn't see the Emmys, but I read that Jon Stewart "proposed" an Emmy for Geraldo "for outstanding achievement in making himself the focal point of every story he reports." Hee!

 Hottie Alert! Todd Connor was on a few minutes ago reporting on a strange murder case in Texas. He said that the trial may last for a month, so he could be making more reports. Todd is wearing a medium blue shirt and beige shirt. No tie and no facial hair. He looks very good, although I think that his best colors are dark red and medium - dark gray. Opps! That's a blue shirt and beige COAT for Todd. a h - I missed Greg, but will try to catch him later. Rick was on Fox&Friends this morning, wearing a tan shirt. I'm not sure if he was on more than once because my electricity cut off long enough to stop the VCR. Rick showed Palestinian policemen being trained and being shot at by their instructor with real bullets! Hello! Is that a good idea? Lol! Remembering what Rick said about reporters rarely being thanked for their work, I sent Jeff Goldblatt an e-mail several days ago complimenting him on his work. (I restrained myself from mentioning how cute he is or from saying anything about his pants.) He responded, thanking me and saying that he was back from Isabel and was safe and dry. I can't think of anything to say to Rick that wouldn't amount to total gushing, so Jeff is the only Fox reporter that I've had the nerve to e-mail. Where is Dan Springer?

 Hey everyone, Well I'm a day early in the posting department but seriously the way I'm going who's to say I'll even be around for the big 2-1 tomorrow? Went to see my real doctor today, got poked even more - my ever observant doctor can't make his mind up if I've got mono or I need my gallbladder out (which is actually pretty common thing for gastric bypass patients) anyway so he took more blood and on that poking me with needles note I have got 3 of the biggest bruises of my life!One on each side of each wrist and one right in the middle of my forearm :-( and they hurt to touch and Ache!!!! :- Did anyone catch the Primetime Emmy's last night and Jon Stewart poking fun of the news coverage of the war and of course the *paraphrase* "Geraldo Rivera lifetime achievement award for being Geraldo Rivera" clip segment oh it was the funniest thing I've seen but I move on... Jayel: Well it depends on how big the pill is but as a general rule you're not suppose to swollow pills whole because they could stick to your funnel opening or your pouch and that's not a good thing - but after taking 10 children chewables I woke up Sunday with the headache of the lifetime - also I now know why the surgeon was like "no Dayquill, no Nyquill" that stuff *BURNS* my whole insides going down and I would be concered but since I was feeling bad before I took it I don't think it did anything else bad. Thanks for the e-mail :-) A H: Thank you too for the e-mail :-) Sherry: Thank you for the e-mail address :-) Well tomorrow is my birthday and my best friend actually tried to do something sweet for me and she bought me a printer because my had broke last year and I haven't been able to get any $$ to either get it fixed or get a new one (I just usually go to my grandpa's house) so anyway she bought me a nice *color* one but my laptop doesn't have enough RAM to install the printer software :-( so she's going to get my a gift certificate to Old Navy :-) instead (yesss) my grandpa gave me some money for my birthday and I decided to spend it on books - I use to love to read before college and during the blackout when I was reading (and enjoying) my old Miss. Nelson is missing book series I figured it was time to get back to reading so I bought "The No Spin Zone" "Le Divorce" and Madonna's new book "The English Roses" today for myself for my birthday - I'm not a fan of Madonna's acting (aside from Evita), love her music though but I was a bit of a skeptic of her ability to write a children's book but you know what she did a good job and it's long enough for adults to read it and enjoy it. In the past 2 1/2 weeks since my last B12 shot - I've lost another 10 lbs I am now well over 1/2 my goal of weight loss in less than 3 months - on one hand I'm psyched beyond belief but on the other hand I think the rapid weight loss is what is making me so sick... Aside from the blackout making me a fan of reading again it's also made me a fan of Shep's again - I haven't watched a full episode of Studio B or Fox Report since May but for some reason Thursday I did (well 1/2 of Fox Report before the power went bye-bye) and now I have "rediscovered" my fondness for Shep - no worries Shep ladies, I've got no designs on him ;-) I'm a bit fond of some guy reporting out of Baghdad...I think he's name is something Kelly ... I'll keep you guys updated about all the icky test results if you want to know. Take care everyone.

 Greg K was just on a few minutes ago, so he's on in the afternoons again!

 Hi all! Yeah, Greg K is on in the morning since yesterday. Believe he got a nice haircut too. Now for a fashion update, his light blue shirt today is a great color on him. Jen, thanks! Still no AIM, but I'll send you an email!

 Teri - Great to see you back, and I hope that you'll post as often as you can. We've been having lots of fun here, as you can tell if you have a chance to get caught up somewhat on previous postings. Have you tried e-mailing Fox and asking if they can contact your cable company about getting added on? Fox surely wants to reach as many households as possible (CNN has wider exposure), so it's worth a try. Jen - I'm sorry that you had to go to the emergency room and get stuck with needles. How long are you going to have to take chewable pills, instead of the kind that can be swallowed? Greg K. was on this morning with sad news about more soldiers being killed or injured. It's so frustrating that there seems to be no way to stop this from happening. Greg was looking pretty (Really, there's no other way to describe it.) in light blue. That's one of many colors that he looks very good in. I've seen him in at least three different Fox promos -- one of them has him in the red shirt. Fox is coming out with a number of good promos -- good, that is, except that Rick isn't in them enough. Even Greg P. gets more time in the promos than Rick. Recently, on Fox&Friends, they mentioned a new video that had been made in which Lauren Green played the piano and which included "all of the Fox family." I'm waiting for that one to surface. As far as I'm aware, there's been no Rick, Jeff, Todd or Adam today, so it's been a lousy day for the hotties. Perhaps tomorrow will be better. Tony Snow read an e-mail today from someone making fun of his tie. (The tie is kind of ugly.) This should give Fox a clue that we pay attention to what the guys wear and get them to solicit the opinions of female viewers. We LevenGals could have all the guys looking their best! Oh, btw, the L.L. Bean catalog that we've been discussing lists some solid color jacket type shirts with plaid trim that would look good on all of the hotties, but since the shirts are listed as "Hurricane Cloth Shirts," they seem designed for Jeff. L. L. Bean also has pants, but none are guaranteed not to fall down. Lol!

 Hot damn! I'm back!!!!!Well, greetings from Monteray, on the left coast! I finally found a library with a computer so I can have fun! I'll try to post twice a week if I can. Nat! Thanks for the picts! I drooled and had to change my panties! Rick still looks good! To thoes wondering...at Ft. Ord our cabel company only gets CNN. No Fox, no Rick, no nada! I tried to switch but the company has a deal where it's the only company we can get. Oh joy! At least CNN has a hot forein reporter, Nic Robertson...he's British... To the east coast folks, I hope all is well. I guess we dodged that bullet (we left Maryland in May). My kids were upset. They wanted to be in the storm. Whatever! Wait kids, you may get to be in an earth quake!Jezzzzz. How bout that recall! Of course I'm going to do my constitutional duty and vote Dufus and Boostyourtaxes out of office. I'm thinking Terminator myself. I don't agree with alot of his stuff, but the alternative...oay! Well ladies with that ...Slan leat!!!!!!

 Hey gals! I was on my hands & knees today......scrubbing the floor. ;-) Seriously, the floors on here are teak and aren't smooth- there are grooves every 2 inches or so (vertical). Hard to explain, but whenever I finally do post pics, you'll see what I mean. I used an old toothbrush, water & Murphy's Oil Soap. It came out nice- a little dull looking now, but it looks CLEAN and that's really nice. I only got our area in back, the galley (kitchen), walkway & dinette area done. The rest will have to wait till we get it picked up more. Vacuuming works, but I think it needed a good cleaning. I had a lot more I needed to do, but it's hot again this weekend (92 outside, about 85 in) and I was pooped after doing the floor. Tomorrow's another [cleaning] day. :) Todd was on Fox Report just a bit ago (around 4:30 PST)- it may have been the same thing they had on yesterday. D'oh! I just remembered my tapes I need to watch....guess I'll have to do that tomorrow too. His report was about an elderly guy in Galveston, I think, who had dismembered someone. Adam's been on a bit today with the new Peterson case details. I only saw Rick once this morning- I have a feeling that was his last report of the day (on Weekend Live); he may have been on Fox & Friends this morning, but it's Saturday & I'm sleeping in LOL!! If I remember correctly, Rick was wearing the light brown (tan?) polo shirt. Jen- When you see your best friend again, you'll have to slug her in the arm for teasing you about having all her amenities during the hurricane ;-). Yep- thank God for cell phones- when our power was going out last month we had to use our cell phone to call the power company- both of our regular phones are the rechargeable kinds that only work when we have electricity. I'm sorry to hear you had to get IVs. I hope your immune system gets stronger as time goes on! Can you get a flu shot at least this year? Since that's in the form of a shot, maybe that will work. At least that will hopefully keep you from getting the flu. They're giving free flu shots at work next Friday, I'm taking them up on it- since the flu thing I had in summer 2001 I don't take any chances with that. Sherry- Yeah, I definitely tend to get fired up about some of the stories. That thing that Davis signed makes us sometimes thing "why did we even get married?" but of course we *know* why. I don't have any regrets, but I think it sucks that us married folks have to pay so much when 'domestic partners' are getting the same thing we have minus the taxes. We just had to pay *so* much this year; it wiped out a quarter to a third of our savings acct. You know what's funny about that email, is that it was *so* much harder to write to him than it was to Rick. Rick seems very approachable (like Jeff seems to be too, as someone mentioned earlier). Todd seems more um...introverted or withdrawn in a sense. The only Survivor we didn't really watch was the Africa one- I must've had a class on Thursday nights when it was on or something. You know what is really funny?? When I saw Jeff Probst the other night on there, he reminded me a lot of William La Jeunesse. Anyone else think there's a resemblence? Jayel- I'm sorry you missed Rick! I'm almost willing to bet he'll be on Fox & Friends tomorrow morning or on Weekend Live. Todd does seem to show up a lot on Fox Report, which is nice since I usually see him on there after I get home (as opposed to before). I'm the same way with some of the guys- the more I see 'em the more I like 'em. ;-) I've been thinking the same thing- that we may be stuck with "No Gray Area Davis" as Mancow calls him (or Red Davis as Savage calls him I think). He really went all out by passing these two key bills (the CA DLs for illegals & the domestic partner one)- and I have a feeling that this may unfortunately make people temporarily blind to the real issues and vote for him because of his passing of these bills. LOL- "Mr. Charisma"- yeah, really! I remember Jeff Goldblatt's name from before, but didn't pay him much attention. Since his reporting of the hurricane, he's snagged it :-). He *is* a cutie! I can't get over his pants falling down, ROFLMAO!! I *love* plaid- must be the Irish & Scots-Irish in me LOL. I have the most recent LL Bean catalogue, I'm going to have to check out the "chili" sweater! ;-) You're right- I don't recall many of them wearing red with the exception of Greg & Todd. You know.....Rick seems to be wearing the same shirts. I say we nominate someone to send him a shirt! LOL!

 Hello Ladies!! The board has been busy today. Just getting around to posting. Had to do the usual Saturday stuff like grocery shop and run errands. Well I did get to see the hotties today - Rick, Greg and Adam. Saw Todd on The Fox Report last night. I think I saw Jeff G. today also but can't remember if that was today or yesterday. I'm really tired. Thanks everyone for the hurricane well wishes that were sent our way. Jen - Glad you got your electric back. Talk to my step dad this morning in Annandale and they were still out. The streets around them were starting to get theirs back so they were hoping theirs were coming too. I'm sorry your sick and that your surgery has messed with your immune system. I guess it is going to be a long winter for you. Nat - Glad you finally sent that email to Todd. I knew you could do it. You make me laugh because you get all fired up about these crazy news stories just like I do. I just think what is this world coming too. So it sounds like your election may still be on, I guess you will know more on Monday. Jan and Nan - I missed the first hour of Survivor since I forgot it was on but saw the last part. Last season was about the only one I didn't watch. I don't know all the names yet either that will take a couple of weeks. Jan - Yes Jeff Probst is hot - I remember when he used to host Rock and Roll Jeopardy on VH1.

 Hey guys Well went to the dump to throw out all the spoiled food and felt so oddly out of place because everyone else had trees and brush and such - also saw people actually swimming in the streets of Alexandria, Va, I couldn't decide if they were crazy or just trying to get from place to place - the people in boats made more sense to me but hey anyway you get around, get around right? My best friend called me today - she had power the entire time - she "teased" me about how she thought about me while she sat in her A/C room with ice cold coke, computer, lamp and tv...sometimes if she wasn't my only friend I'd kill her... Went to the store to replace all the spoiled food - $117.00 *just* for food we had to replace! nevermind the food we actually needed to get. All of my family came through the storm pretty much okay (my whole family is concentrated in Vienna with a few stragglers out in Arlington and Alexandria) a bit of flooding and brush and no power but all my family has got the power back on now but thank goodness for cell phones! Because I come from a family that loves to fuss and run their mouths - all the time I'm so glad the hurricane is over! My mom didn't take it too well she was kept awake by it most of Thursday night she was afraid trees would fall on her - me, I was so drugged by the no-no Nyquil that I slept through most of Thursday and Friday, so much so that I got *no* sleep last night and idiots were sawing across the street (these weren't liscensed idiots) - I was tempted to go outside and make sure they weren't going to mess with my transformer. Nat, Sherry, Jan, Nan: Thanks for the feel better wishes, but sadly no improvement - in fact today I spent 2 hours in the emergency room getting IV's :-( and the worse part of IV's: It took them 3 tries in 3 different places before they finally found a vain - *PLUS* with this surgery I can't swollow any pills - I can only take chewable ones so I have to take *10* children's chewable pills a day! *misery* AND (there's more) I found out I could get more colds because the surgery has weakened my immune system :( I'm in fear for the winter. Nan: thanks for the link for the pic :-) I'm off tomorrow to look for a frame for the first picture!! Now just gotta find a place on my desk... Leslie: Loved that e-mail about 'Ladies v. Real women' and like Jaylee I too am awful fond of the funnel cake stands, though now - a piece of funnel cake could kill me, hope you're getting everything on that manic to-do list done this week - I'll be looking for the handcuffs on Tuesday LOL A H: I know I am terrible and late with the "no stress" vibes but still "no stress vibes" and thank you for the encouragement about the e-mail and the overall encouragement I've gotten from you about the shirt and other Greg related stuff, ***no stress for AH*** ***no stress for AH*** ... oh also AH - I never got an e-mail or AIM Screen name from you - do you have either? I think aside from you and Janice I have everyone elses e-mail address - if you have one and would like to give it to me you can send me an e-mail: jpearson@gmu.edu, same goes for ya too Janice.... You guys know what? When our power was out all the intersection lights were out too and they expected Fairfax Co. drivers to treat intersections as four way stops...*shakes head* they should have known better - driving around here yesterday was a complete adventure, okay that's all I've got - I'm out until my birthday baring of course: 1) AH finding a reply for me from Greg (LOL) or 2) no number 1 is a good enough reason. P.S. 3 days until Greg Kelly can legally buy me a drink ;-) when he gets back of course..

 Natalie - Drat! I've caught Greg and Adam today, but missed Rick. Thanks for mentioning that Rick has been on. Hope that I can catch him later. I taped Fox Report from yesterday and saw Todd on there. He seems to be on Fox Report quite a bit. The more that I see him, the more I like him. I don't know how you and Nan can stand all of the left-wingers and looney libs in Ca. It must really try your patience. Got a sinking feeling that you will end up getting stuck with Grayout Davis and have to put up with more damage from "Mr. Charisma." I spotted Jeff Goldblatt as a hottie several months ago. (Spotting hotties is a labor of love, I do assure all of you LevenGals.) His personality reminds me a little bit of Rick. Jeff appears to relate very easily to people the same way that Rick does. I expect that Jeff's hurricane coverage and the priceless "falling pants" scene is going to shoot him to more prominence among the Fox reporters. I hope that Jay Leno will give him an invite to the Tonight Show, since he got such a kick out of Jeff nearly losing his pants. I actually thought of Rick in plaid before getting the L.L. Bean catalog. I saw someone on TV in a plaid shirt, and the thought struck me that Rick would look good in plaid. The hotties would look so good in many of the L.L. Bean clothes, it's too bad that we can't suggest this to Fox, but I suppose that the guys all choose (with varying degrees of success) their own clothes. L.L. Bean shows a red-orange sweater (color described as "chili") that I would love to see on Rick. In fact, I would love to see all of the hotties in one shade or anther of red, but I don't think that I've seen any in red, except for Greg and Todd.

 OK- just one more thing........um...trying to keep a "clean" mouth here, but very impossible. "No Gray Area" Davis has signed a bill giving domestic partners nearly equal rights as married people. As my hubby said, "relatively the same but identical rights to married (i.e. DIFFERENT SEX) people". Friggin idiot. First the undocumented immigrants (i.e., ILLEGALS) getting CA DLs and now this....we knew this was coming, but it's something else to hear the idiot say "Now it's law". Gee, so are these domestic partners going to PAY THE SAME TAXES MARRIEDS HAVE TO PAY??? WELL, GRAY, *ARE THEY*???? Argh..... OK- gotta get some sleep.......... EDIT: Thought I'd put a link to the above mention here urlLink Davis Signs Domestic Partner Bill Into Law Another lovely gem to come from CA (Bay Area, no less....) is this about a teenager who was given the RU-486 abortion pill by Planned Parenthood and later died from it. Fox made mention of it a few minutes ago as well. You can see the story here urlLink Did Abortion Pill Kill Pregnant Teen? The way the news played it out last night I was left with the impression that her father was not aware that she had taken it. In the news story I posted the link to above, it sounds like she did tell him prior to it. Either way, it brings to mind what Nan had mentioned about her son needing a parent present to get blood drawn, but if she had a daughter, she could get an abortion without her knowing..... Anyway, on a lighter note, I saw Rick, Greg, & Adam on during the first hour of Fox News Live! :) Hope ya'll caught them too or are taping to view later. I hope all who are cleaning up after the aftermath of Isabel are doing okay despite the mess.

 Hey gals! I'm glad you gals on the East coast are fine- despite the cleaning up and whatnot that has to be done now. The main thing is you're safe & all's (more or less) well. I never got around to posting again during the day; a coworker & I went to Chevy's for lunch and then kept busy the rest of the afternoon with stuff....got my hard lenses (new ones) tonight but will try them tomorrow. I've been lazy tonight- I think it's just normal end of the week burnout- no biggie. Had a margarita, though! (once I got home, that is!) :) I did catch that clip of Jeff Goldblatt nearly losing his pants- now *that's* good. Ooooh- I just remembered. You know what was really a treat tonight was that Mancow was filling in for Michael Savage tonight. It was great to hear him for longer than 2 minutes at 4:45 (PST) AM. Sherry- *Completely* understand what you mean about Geraldo, LOL! I *finally* sent that email to Todd asking for that photo....so far nothing, but we'll see. I think I only sent it on Tues. or Weds. of this week. I saw that bit of Jeff on Fox & Friends Thursday morning- that was great. He is a cutie! I was wondering why Major Garrett turned up in LA too.... As mentioned, glad you're safe and I'm glad that you got power back today instead of having to wait till Monday. Leslie- LMAO at the Ladies vs. Real Women thing! :) Also getting a kick out of all the Jello talk (and this also means all the other gals pitching into this scenario! LOL!) Keep me posted on the "First Annual FNC Hottie Tour"... ;-) Love the images you planted of the jello & jail cell bunk! LOL!! Yeah, I could see that happening! Count me in on that too! :) Jayel- I agree- we need to bolster Jeff G. I think I read on the Fox Fan Central area where they have the "Two Minutes With Shep" thing that he actually has a big interest in weather- he would have been great reporting it too. Their humor (which can be difficult during a crisis like this) was very uplifting and as always, refreshing. You just gotta love Fox's sense of humor! ;-) I haven't seen the promo for the "international" reporters yet, but I'm sure I will eventually. Thanks for the Rick update- almost didn't set the tape, but a sudden intuition this morning changed my mind. "I tried to tell Jeff Goldblatt to wear really tight jeans so that they wouldn't blow off, but you see what trouble he got into by not listening"- not to mention that wet jeans would have weighed him down more! :-) That clip is a classic, I expect that it will show up in Fox's video vault online if it hasn't already. LMAO at what you said Jonathan Serrie said about taking his pants off to Jeff- it's going to be a *long* time before he'll be able to live that down LOL! Nope, you and I were in the same frame of mind about Geraldo's antics of demonstrating the wind tunnel effect. Heaven forgive me, but it just seems typical for him to do that. LOL- I have a *ton* of catalogues here- LL Bean, Eddie Bauer, Lands End....I'm surprised I didn't think of that yet as it sounds like something I would do. Is that how you came up with the Rick in plaid idea? Wow- that's a good correllation (sp?) between dressing dolls as a kid & dressing up hotties now- I can *completely* see and understand that... I'll never look at those catalogues the same way again LOL! :-) Nan- I second that nomination for Jeff G to be elevated to Levengal hottie status (unless someone's already second-ed it, then I third it or whatever). Yep, I too now have "There's Got to Be a Morning After" running through my head LOL! ROFLMAO at the "screaming like a girl" reporter- I know it's not nice to laugh at someone in pain, but the way you described it, I couldn't help it! :-) It wasn't Geraldo, was it? ;-P LOL! I just *know* that there's prolly a lightning bolt out there with my name on it now..... "Fleeing this state is not an easy undertaking"- girl, you've got that right! LOL! OMG- we were laughing so hard last night at Survivor- we like the "pirate" guy too! LOL, the statements having historical value was more tongue in cheek- more like a "hey, check out what happened out there 20 years ago- can you believe some of these people?" Yeah, I'm surprised I've made it here as long as I have. I told Kevin that if I wanted to, I couldn't really go to a psychiatrist for my stress/frustration- I could talk about the work/family stuff maybe, but my frustrations with liberals, socialists, and feeling alone in a sea of them? Don't think so. First I'd have to find a conservative psychiatrist. And in CA, um....I think we'd have better luck panning for gold. Jen- I hope you're feeling better! I'm sorry you're without power at your place, but very glad your grandpa's house is OK. Yay!! Your power's back!! I don't envy you for having to clean out the fridge & freezer. Jan- I know what you mean about the split screen and how exciting it is to have it LOL! Even though I didn't get far with it at work, it sure is nice to see at work what I see at home: the split screen. Yeah, the Roman Empire was never a favorite of mine...I was always more interested in what was going on north of there LOL! I really do love history- I always want to look at it as a whole- like all of of existence at once. Hard to explain, but you may know what I mean. It's like you just want to absorb and experience it all - from beginning to current. That's why I love those "Timetables of History" and "Asimov's Chronology of History" (or something like that- regrettably both are in storage right now so I don't remember the exact names off hand). LMAO at your election statement! :-) Don't feel bad, we are Survivor watchers too LOL! Last night's was so funny. I agree with Nan, this could be a really good and interesting season. a- I saw the segment of Greg with Laurie tonight too- I thought that was a lighthearted moment. Actually I'm on the "left" coast (lol- literally), so I definitely didn't have any hurricane problems but I sympathize you gals there in the east. I hope you didn't run into any problems due to the hurricane that couldn't be easily fixed! Well, I think that brings me up to date. Need to take my "eyes" (contacts) out & get ready to sleep; I'm pooped. Have a good one!

 Hi Gals, I learn so much from you guys, I never realized that Jello is non-denominational, I always assumed it belonged to Lutherans, especially the midwestern ones....:-) I guess this is what happens when you are not afraid to expand your horizons...... Leslie, it would be an honor to share the jello pit with you, tag team idea is great, I'm saving for the bail starting now......Hope the girls have a good time at the fair, I'd have a hard time choosing between the animals or the funnel cake, who am I kidding, the funnel cake everytime..... I'm relieved to hear from the east-coasters, glad you all made it through relatively unscathed..... Nan, you're way ahead of me if you know the names of the 'survivors' already, it usually takes me weeks to figure out who is who, I do know I think that the attorney is very cute....and I think the curly blonde guy has to go asap!!! The pirate guy was hilarious. It was kinda cruel to make them live with just whatever they had on. I like to watch because I like to trick myself into thinking "I could do that".....I also think Jeff Probst is hot..... Natalie, you and I had the same kind of day at work...I was at the hospital with the pharmacist who is "not too thrilled to be a new grandfather because his son was dragged into debt by his wifes student loans, and they really should have paid those off before they thought of having kids" What a cool grandpa---NOT! Then the ICU nurse called down to ask if there was a certain drug in the Pyxis (a sort of drug dispensing machine), and I thought, "Dude, I'm in the basement, and you're standing right next to it...you tell me"---but I didn't say it.....How can smart people be so stupid????? I totally understand your happy dance over the split screen..... Jen, sorry about the power, but glad you and your property are alright. I hope that cold gets better before too long.... Jayel, we are starting to think too much alike....I swear on Greg's green sage shirt that Jen sent that I was looking at LL Bean last night looking at the plaid and thinking I'd like to see Rick in the blue plaid, open about 4 or 5 buttons with a "River Driver" shirt underneath.....scary! I think he seems to look especially good in blue, maybe because of his eyes....I never played with dolls, but I had a dress-up Snoopy that I loved! I actually still have it.....My opinion is that everytime Geraldo is on he is performing, that is why I don't like him... A H, I never even considered the beach house getting blown around, I sure hope it's ok, I'm expecting an invite for next year....:-P

 Hi all! Hope everyone gets their power back! Greg K was on Greta tonight, but Laurie Dhue was filling in for Greta. She said too him that it appeared as if he has been in Iraq "forever," which made Greg smile--a funny moment. Nan, yep, still stressed but Greg K's smiles are like rays of sunshine! Jan, wonder if the beach house got splashed with some high tides? Nat and Sherry, thank you! Hope the hurricane wasn't too bad where you guys were!

 Hey guys (again) Well the power is back *knocks on a lot of wood* It came on just about 40 minutes ago and so far so good I'm just praying it stays on - our neighboors used a generator and they let us put food in their freezer which still is thawed :( and when I went to get it I told one of them "Now I just need to find my priest to bless the transformer" oh well I think I'm going to get off here and conserve some power - I shall talk to everyone later - tomorrow is the real fun :( part - cleaning of the fridge and freezer and having to buy all that food back again :( but I'm happy that I'm living (allbeit with this cold by a thread) and blessed to be in a home w/ no flooding or no trees on it - Took a drive around town today and it is an abs. blessing that I live in a townhouse community as far as clearing goes - we here had two tress fall but they fell into the creek and stream and not on any houses - I saw one house that it was the 2nd time a tree fell on them... Sherry I hope you're still going w/ that power! and any other of my Levengal east coast honey's I hope ya'll are getting a long good too - night guys!

 Here's hoping that any LevenGals without electricity will have it back soon. Seeing the long lines of people in Maryland picking up bags of ice brought back (shudder) memories. They have my sympathy. I thought of several other items to have on hand for any future emergencies: A manual can opener, first aid kit and for those in hot climates, a small battery operated fan. It's always wise to be prepared for life without electricity, regardless of the cause for blackouts. Nan - I tried to tell Jeff Goldblatt to wear really tight jeans so that they wouldn't blow off, but you see what trouble he got into by not listening. On Fox&Friends this morning, the Fox crew was still having fun with Jeff almost losing his britches. They showed a clip from last night's Tonight Show with Jay Leno mentioning Jeff by name and showing the pants falling down sequence. Either Brian or Steve said that now Jeff was famous and said that the clip would be played from now on at the Fox Christmas parties. (Shep also said that the Jeff's clip was played on Nightline last night, and said yesterday that Jeff almost wound up naked. Don't even go there, girls.) Jeff took the teasing in stride, but was at pains to emphasize that he wasn't trying to pull an attention getting stunt. I think that Jeff was afraid that he would be perceived as another Geraldo type reporter. Even without the pants incident, Jeff did great reporting on the hurricane, modestly insisted that he was just doing his job, and showed his film crew, giving them credit for their work in covering the storm. Despite all of the teasing, a number of the Fox reporters and anchors have been generous in commending Jeff for his work, and Neil Cavuto said something about Jeff almost blowing away because he was so skinny. Also on F&F, Jonathan Serrie said, "I take my pants off to Jeff." Hee! Jonathan has a good sense of humor. I can only guess how he felt about having Geraldo horning in on his reporting. This may not strike the rest of you the same way, but when I saw Geraldo demonstrating the wind tunnel effect last night on Hannity&Colmes, my thought was that this was a cheap trick to try to share the spotlight with someone else. I wish that Geraldo would just stick to reporting and stop trying to perform for the audience. Okay, snit over. This has been a fair, although not fabulous, day for the hotties. With Rick being in Israel, and with the time difference, he could show up on F&F over the weekend. It's hard to see enough of the hotties when news is slow most of the time. Greg K. was on today in a shirt that was a dull, grayish looking black. Not his best color. In my two sightings of Rick today, his shirt first appeared to be pale blue, and in the second sighting, looked gray. I dunno if it's the lighting or what. He looked good either way. You know that you're paying too much attention to what the Fox hotties are wearing when .... You get an L. L. Bean catalog in the mail, start flipping through it and looking at the men's clothing, begin thinking about the various hotties and trying to decide how they would look in the shirts, jackets and sweaters, which colors they should wear and whether they should go for solid colors, checks, stripes or plaids. It was similar to the pleasure that I used to get from dressing up my dolls. Does mentally dressing up the hotties turn them into "boy toys?" Lol!

 Hey guys :-( Well I'm over at my grandpa's house because my house is w/o power *sobs* *cries* It went out around 7:30 during the Fox Report and Sherry can I come stay with you then?! LOL, other than no lights I'm okay - my cold is still terrible though but at least I can breathe through my nose, my throat is sore, oh our gate is a little windblown so we had to go Home Depot and find some nails but think we need power tools to get the nails in there really good - when the power went out my friend and I took a walk outside to see what was going on and none of the intersection lights are on so the cops were out directing traffic and now they're making four way stops out of intersections. My theory is if they can fix the intersection at the townhouse then our lights should come back on. I just feel sorry for my friend, so much food gone :( went looking for ice to put in a cooler - abs. no ice anywhere, even got panicky enough and went looking for a generator and they were fresh out at Home Depot. Oh well we'll see what happens - still working at the intersection light last time I called my friend, still crossing everything that if that gets fixed the lights get fixed - feelin' a little sleepy gonna turn in for a nap w/o Nyquill - post more if power comes back on!

 **HAPPY DANCE** I upgraded to Explorer 6 at work and I HAVE THE SPLIT SCREEN!!! I know this sounds incredibly lame, but I'm SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS!! That means I can maybe post more while I'm at work (hopefully). It's just too hard when you have to flip back & forth. This is as refreshing as a nice hot bath. Well, almost. Did ya'll catch Mancow this morning? He was so funny- he was saying he has an idea. You know how there's "Queer Eye For the Straight Guy"? Well, he came up with Conservative Eye for the Liberal Guy and said we can get five conservatives together and fix Alan Colmes- ROFLMAO! Yesterday was heinous....but it was in that odd "whatever" heinous way. Let's just say I was in a "take no prisoners" kind of mood yesterday. This job is making me more blunt, that's for sure. I'm always in fear that I'm going to become a b****, but I've been told that that's impossible (by my supervisor). And I really don't want to be a b****, it's just *not* my nature. I'm usually a positive thinker and after blowing up over something or being moody over something I'm able to see the lighter side of things. I just don't want this job or "that chick" to turn me into something I'm not. So that's what I'm working on/struggling with. Believe me, you gals keep my head in order, LOL!! You gals are therapy for me! :-) OK- never got to finish my post- will catch up later! :)

 Leslie - The thought of Shep in a pool of cherry jello is just too delicious to contemplate here at work. I reserve the right to fully visualize this fun escapade until later and count me in as member of the tag team. LOL Mommy Appreciation Day - that is so great! And I know the tissue paper rose corsage is more precious than gold. Ecks - lighting! I'm with Charlie, when I was little I thought lighting was God's way of letting us know that he was angry and to this day I still don't want any part of it. LOL Glad you're ok. I am most definitely a "Real Woman" and you can count on me to be sitting next to you saying, "Damn...that was fun!" There's Got to Be a Morning After, what a blast from the past. Not only do I remember it, it is now firmly ensconced into my subconscious and I will be singing it for the rest of the day. Did you notice how ornery Shep was yesterday? The idea that his precious Yankees had to play a couple of innings and then Congress shutting down Washington DC because of the hurricane sure had him in a tizzy. Still ROFL at Jeff Goldblatt losing his drawers. The only thing I have seen from someone covering the weather that tickled me as much, was a guy covering a coming thunderstorm and he got zapped by lighting during his on camera report. The screen went black at the precise moment you heard him scream like a girl. They cut back to the studio and the anchors were laughing saying "I think he just got struck by lighting, hope he's ok." Sherry - Glad to hear all is ok with you. An e-mail from Adam. how cool is that? He seems to be such a nice guy - you can just see him smiling while writing the "form letter". I just about have hubby talked into visiting the Carolina's next summer for vacation. We will definitely have to check out Cape Hatteras if we go. I didn't realize you and Jen were so close - and to be only 30 min from different states is a foreign concept for us Californians. For me to drive to Nevada takes about 5 hours, same for Mexico and then to get to Oregon would be about 11 hours. Fleeing this state is not an easy undertaking. LOL Jan - We Nazarene's know our jello too. Can't have a church pot luck without the proverbial jello mold. You have my vote for Governor of CA - wish I was a "disinterested party". LOL No hanging of your head - I too watch (proudly) Survivor. Human behavior in uncomfortable situations fascinates me. Did you see last night - what was Michelle thinking - you never make a deceptive move that early in the game. Loved the guy that took the pirate idea to heart and pilfered the other tribes stuff to barter with. And what was up with the guys getting naked during the first immunity challenge - don't you think it's a little soon to be revealing their, 'um "goodies" or lack thereof? Looks to be an interesting season. a - Hope all is well with you and that the stress from everything is better. I have noticed Greg smiling a lot more. He has a great smile too. Jayel - What great "disaster" preparations. I usually have on hand the "provisions" because of the possibility of an earthquake or some other natural disaster, but hadn't ever thought of filling prescription drugs (usually wait until day I run out) and the blanket on the refrigerator. Jeff did look good in those jeans (should have worn them Thurs, might not have fallen down) and the "Fox News" shirt. When will we get a day with all hotties present and accounted for. LOL Thanks for the prayers for my dad - he's starting chemo soon and then surgery to follow in either 30 or 60 days depending on the success of the chemo shrinking the tumors. Surgery will be followed by more chemo. Feeling better about the whole thing - at least we have a plan now. Thanks for the Rick update! Nat - ROFL laughing at the candidate statements. I haven't read it yet, but I will definitely make time to do it this weekend. Apparently Christopher Sproul didn't get the memo from Cruz about not opposing the recall. Comic value is right, but historical value??? Not sure I want my grandkids to know that I was stupid enough to stay in this state for a long as I have. Jen - Hope the hurricane didn't cause too many disruptions for you and also that your cold is getting better. I'll e-mail you the site I found the second photo. Congrats on the continued weight loss. I'm so proud of you. Liked the e-mail to Greg. Hopefully you have power and we'll get a chance to chat over the weekend.

 Hey Ladies I survived the hurricane. Well actually we got off pretty good. My electricity went out about 11:30 est last night so I just went to bed and I think I slept through most of the hurricane (or tropical storm when it hit here) Woke up this morning and had some limbs down in the driveway but otherwise everything was okay. Electricity was still out this morning and the news was gloomy on the radio that it may be until Monday before it is fixed. Went to my grandmas to take a shower (she lives in town so she has electricity). She took me out to lunch and then I came home and amazing enough my electric was back on. I was very happy. Things were looking up for Jonathan and Jeff today. The wind has died down so they look more relaxed today. They keep showing that one clip of Jeff where he almost lost his pants. Well gotta go get some things done. Talk to you ladies later.

 Rick is back and reporting on the latest developments in Israel. He may be making more appearances today.

 Late night bed check. Is everyone tucked in tight? I'm glad to hear from our east coast sisters. You gals hang in there. Reminds me of the theme song from The Poseidon Adventure (anyone else here old enough to remember that?) There's Got To Be A Morning After. Jan, still giggling. Have visions of you and I covered head to toe in cherry Jello grinning ear to ear and sitting on a jail cell bunk. How about we tag team Shep and Rick? Best two out of three falls, winner gets bail. Both girls went down early and easy tonight. God bless all-day school. Tomorrow is their field trip to the Tri-State Fair, Sarah went to bed with a stuffed cow, horse, sheep and pig. I didn't even know she had a stuffed pig. She's ready for all the animals. Jaylee couldn't care less. Just leave her at the nearest funnel cake booth and she's happy. Ya'll have a good night, and we'll see you in the morning.

 Hi Gals, I got my split screen back!!!! Small victories.... Sherry, that is so cool that he even emailed anything at all since he had so many....I wonder if Fox asks the reporters to answer their email, or we just pick really cool guys to follow? He seems to have a good sense of humor, that seems to be what we like the most here, all 'our' guys share that one trait.... OMG, Shep just showed the clip of Jeff and his almost non-existent trousers....He looked like a very poor version of MC Hammer, the pants plus the dazzling moves to stay upright.... a h, Sorry you're stressed, must be all that pressure to locate a certain beach house??? I agree that Greg K seems to smile more, I think maybe he is becoming more comfortable on camera... Jayel, I hope there won't be a quiz later on all the survival steps....They are all really good ideas, though I'd be lucky to remember any of them....I remember you saying you went through a hurricane...nothing like experiencing something to learn from it..... Natalie, I can understand what you are saying about history, I was 'shocked and awed' by all the old, old buildings and monuments in Italy. I think the Collosseum and Pompeii were the most eye-opening....Pompeii because the streets were paved in cobblestone, and while that is so hard and wooden wheels so soft, there were ruts in the cobblestone from years of 'traffic', the Colosseum because it is so recognizable, that place is huge....They are still using buildings that were built in 1500's, and we think a fifty year old house needs updates....I would like to learn more about the Roman Empire now, I admit it wasn't a favorite before, but seeing those places just puts an itch in your craw to learn more...... "If I am elected governer of California, I promise to move back to Illinois"---Jan Atkinson (disinterested party) Leslie, love the real woman essay, and, in regards to the Shep question, I hope to be the one sitting next to you saying "Damn...that was fun!" Hey, feisty or tired, I'll take him either way, just don't make him lose consciousness.... Nan, I whole-heartedly agree on making Jeff G an honorary LevenGal, anyone that can almost lose their pants on international TV and still smile deserves at least that..... Jen, sorry about the cold, but glad they cancelled classes for you, hope all is still well.... I apologize to those I missed, but Survivor is on now....Yes, (head hanging) I watch that show......

 Well ladies it is 6:44 on the east coast and things are still okay here. Of course the worst is yet to come to my area. We are having heavy winds and rain now but I still have electricty for awhile anyway. Talk to my stepdad who is in Annandale VA and they lost their power a couple ours ago. They live near where Jen lives so I'm sure she might have lost hers too. Kudos to Jeff and Jonathan today for some great storm coverage. I was glued to the set all day. Jeff had me laughing so hard when he was in the wind and losing his pants. He had his water socks on which cracked me up. Nan - I agree that Jeff should definitely elevated to Levengal hottie status. Jen - I see you had electricity a few hours ago but don't know how you are doing now. Hope all is well. I'm hoping I get through The Fox Report before mine goes out. I can get my book light out and try to read ahile. At least it is night so I can sleep through most of it. Jayel - Funny you should mention Rick, I was wondering also. Rick goes there and all is quiet in the region. Which isn't a bad thing but it just seems like we are not meant to see him on tv. No matter where he goes the news turns slow. I wouldn't have minded seeing Jeff lose his pants, how about you?? LOL!!! Okay what is the deal with Major Garrett reporting from LA?? I remember that back in July he was going on vacation to LA and then he never went back to DC. I only hear him reporting during Brit Hume about the California Recall. That is the only time and story I hear him reporting. Maybe he got transfered and there is no room for him right now so he just does that. Well gotta go.

 Well, girls, I think that Jeff Goldblatt may be the first TV news reporter to become a star by nearly losing his pants on camera and endearing himself to the viewers in the process. Hee! The rest of the Fox crew have clearly been getting a charge out of this, and Shep reported that they had been getting lots of e-mails about Jeff losing his pants. I'll bet that most of the Fox guys, including Shep, wish that they had been out there instead of Jeff. It would be nice if Fox would let Shep go out once in a while and report on stories. Jeff appears to have a good sense of humor, so he probably won't mind that he furnished some amusement for his colleagues. On Fox&Friends this morning, they were showing Jeff almost getting blown over by the wind and Steve Doocy cracked, "Good Acting." Also on F&F, Jonathan Serrie pretended to sneak away to take advantage of a pub nearby that had refused to close. I hope that Fox execs realize that no small measure of their success is due to the presence of hotties with humor and personality to go along with their reporting skills. I also saw a new promo today for Fox's "international" reporters. Rick L. and Greg K. are shown, along with Greg P. and Jennifer Griffin. Where, oh where, is Rick L.? (Sadly, more soldiers were killed today in Iraq, so we'll probably see more of Greg K. this evening and tonight.) Natalie - Thanks for the info from the Ca. election guide. The campaign slogan of "I breathe" is hilarious. Leslie - Enjoyed the differences between ladies and real women. Sherry - That was such a nice e-mail from Adam. As busy as he must be, it's understandable that he didn't reply individually. Hmmm... do ya suppose that reporters at CNN and MSNBC are aware of the attention that the Fox hotties get from viewers and are envious?

 Sherry: Yeah they cancelled class today NOVA the community college cancelled class for tomorrow already - I have French tomorrow and even if it's not cancelled I don't think I'll be making it out... Well just sitting up in bed listening to the rain and wind - lights flickered about twice but so far that's been it. Cable went out for 2 seconds but it's back on - got to watch Studio B up until Skinnersvile for the first time in forever, Shep made me laugh. Okay short post because I'm on my death bed (i.e. a cold) the worst thing about being sick after surgery? Not a lot of medicine I can take - the doctor said "No Dayquill" well Doctor be damned, it felt like my pouchy was on fire but you know what? I can breathe and I'm not coughing. Well I'll check back later tonight or tomorrow

 Hi LevenGals! I hereby officially nominate Jeff Goldblatt be elevated to Levengal hottie status. Standing (or leaning into the wind as it were) and reporting on the hurricane while Isabel is relieving him of his pants (or was that Jan, hmm I'll have to check my tape again) to bring us "the story" is most deserving of the highest honor of "LevenGal hottie". LOL Gotta get back to work - I'll catch up on the blog and post more later.

 Hasn't Jeff Goldblatt been doing a great job, and what a terrific personality he has! If you agree, please e-mail Fox and let them know. Greg K. was on a little while ago, wearing a (new?) beige shirt and presumably will be on again today. Back later.

 Good Morning Again Ladies!! I don't know if anyone watch Fox and Friends or taped. but the last hour (8 est) was pretty funny with Jeff G. out in Virginia Beach. He was saying we can have a little fun were on Fox and Friends. As he was talking to people and getting blown away. He seems like he probably has a great personality. I was also glad to see Jonathan out there reporrting in NC. Well 180,000 people have lost electricity in VA so far. The winds are picking up here in Maryland but no rain yet. It is coming. I can here some wind howling outside. Leslie - I like that "Are you a Lady or a Real Woman?" That was pretty funny. I might have to share that with some people. Okay they were just showing some idiots trying to walk down the street and they were blowing away. Where could they possibly be going. They told these people not to go out but they don't listen.

 Good morning, ladies! How are things from the world outside little Panhandle, TX? Got up this morning to wind and rain and thought, "Dang! Isabel is a huge b**ch!" Nat - thank you for the political guide excerpts. Once again, life is weirder than fiction. Jan - Midwestern Lutheran sounds a lot like Southern Church of Christ, only with music. My grandma has a Jello recipe for every occasion, births, deaths, holidays. Scary. Do you want Shep in the Jello first? Or would you rather I tire him out for you so he's easier to take down? I'm flexible. Sherry - hope everything is good with you for the next few days. I echo the others in saying, if there's anything you need, let us know. We're a pretty creative bunch of problem solvers. Congrats on the e-mail! He sounds like such a fun guy, but I think we all had suspected as much. A friend of mine e-mailed this to me this morning and it was too good to keep to myself: Are you a Lady or a Real Woman? Ladies - if you accidentally over-salt a dish while it's still cooking, drop in a peeled potato and it will absorb the excess salt for an instant "fix-me-up". Real Woman - If you over-salt a dish while you are cooking, that's too darn bad. Please recite with me, The Real Woman's motto: "I made it and you will eat it, and I don't care how bad it tastes." Ladies - Cure for headaches - Take a lime, cut it in half and rub it on your forehead. The throbbing will go away. Real Woman - Take a lime, mix it with tequila, chill and drink. You might still have the headache, but who cares? Ladies - Stuff a miniature marshmallow in the bottom of a sugar cone to prevent ice cream drips. Real Woman - Just suck the ice cream out of the bottom of the cone, for Pete's sake. You are probably lying on the couch, with your feet up, eating it anyway. Ladies - To keep potatoes from budding, place an apple in the bag with the potatoes. Real Woman - Buy boxed mashed potato mix and keep it in the pantry for up to a year. Ladies - When a cake recipe calls for flouring the baking pan, use a bit of the dry cake mix instead and there won't be any white mess on the bottom of the cake. Real Woman - Go to the bakery. They'll even decorate it for you. Ladies - Brush some beaten egg white over pie crust before baking to yield a beautiful glossy finish. Real Woman - Sara Lee frozen pie directions do not include brushing egg whites over the crust, so I just don't do it. Ladies - If you have a problem opening jars, try using latex dishwashing gloves. They give a non-slip grip that makes opening jars easy. Real Woman - Go ask the very cute neighbor guy to do it. Ladies - Don throw out all that leftover wine. Freeze into cubes for future use in casseroles and sauces. Real Woman - Leftover wine?! And finally, always remember, a good friend will come and bail you out of jail...but a true friend will be sitting next to you saying, "Damn....that was fun!" Looking forward to the First Annual FNC Hottie Tour.

 Ugh!! So I turn on the tv and who the hell is on but Geraldo. I was like what is he doing there. He is in Indian Beach where Jonathan was early. Hopefully I won't have to see him all day but I will probably watch a lot of local news. I was just disgusted and had to turn. He is just sooooo dramatic. HOTTIE ALERT - Jeff G is on in Virginia Beach and he is about to blow away. Poor guy!! Hope him and Jonathan stay safe (don't care if Geraldo does - I know that is not nice, please forgive me). Jonathan was just on too so he must be doing the day reports. Nat - I know I was so excited to see that email. He did respond to my originial email that was sent on July 31st. My hope is that he printed my email and kept it in a pile for pictures to be sent and he will send later. I"m sure he got lots of requests for picture. Sounds like his popularity has grown a little. He does seem like a nice guy. Yes where I live I can drive into like 3 states within a half hour. We are a tiny state with lots of people, I read somewhere that NC is 5 times as big as us but we have more people. Thanks for sharing the quotes from the canidates. That is too hilariaous. AH - What are they saying about your weather and the hurricane? I think you said you are in New York and they mainly have been telling how it is going to effect. NC, VA and MD. Jen - I'm with you the power is my biggest thing, I hate not having it. My grandma lives in town and they get their electric back before we would so I'll just go there if I need to. As long as I have electricity I'm happy. Is your school closed today?? They have closed almost everything it seems. I need to listen to the radio since I have class tonight and I'm hoping they cancel. Jayel - Thanks for all the tips. They did say that we are only going to get about 50 mph winds now which is down from before, lots of rain though. Jeff was just on in VA and he said he used to live there, maybe that is why he is covering it even though he works out of Chicago. Well gotta go talk to you later.

 Hey girlies!! Hope all are well, 'specially those on the East Coast. I take it that it was a Rick-less day. I scanned through my tape & didn't see anything....I noticed Geraldo's swooped in for the hurricane. Jen- Ah yes....the days of having one piece of paper with LOTS of tiny writing! I never thought I could ever write so small (or pithy for that matter) LOL! That is so cool that you got nominated for all those positions!! :) I know that would look so good on the resume, but I also know you already have your hands pretty full as it is. I hope the Oompas have packed up & moved on! :) You're welcome on the email- I think you did the right thing- I *knew* you had it in you ;-) Leslie- Mmmm....I like jello!! :) (Weird segue here) - I always liked lime jello with pears in it. I just try *NOT* to remember what jello is made of.... ROFLMAO about the hacking up of furballs behind the couch! You brought a tear to my eye with your compliments ***HUG*** Thanks!! Here's my theory- it's 5:00 *somewhere* in the world, so no, 9:30 AM may not be too early for Merlot, LOL!! J/K!! That is so wild about the lightning. I think that would (as Kevin's mom would say) "scare the pooey out of me". That's great that the school had "Mommy Appreciation Day"! Sherry- I'm sorry the hurricane ruined your plans, but you guys are wise to stick around there. I hope you don't have the power outtages, and if you do, I'll be sending positive vibes that they don't last as long as you were saying they could. We'll all be praying for you (& everyone else in Isabel's path)! Ebay works....I did that today, LOL! I don't think Rick's been on since Monday I think, but he may have been on yesterday (I erased the tape from yesterday with today's stuff). THAT IS *SO* AWESOME THAT YOU GOT THAT REPLY FROM ADAM! Even if it was a group reply- I think that's just great! I hope he gets the photo out to you irregardless- there's a silver lining, with him being so busy with the election stuff, he may not have time to mail right away so at least it won't get stuck somewhere due to the hurricane. He sounds as happy/fun loving as he looks. How sweet! Too bad your hubby has to work- it sounds like a lot of businesses are going to be closed; it's too bad he can't stay home too. I'm sorry- I had to laugh a little when you mentioned hurricane Floyd- one of my dad & stepmom's cats is named Floyd- and yes, he can be like a hurricane sometimes. He's a gifted birdcatcher. I have *no* idea where my dad came up with that name....but it fits the cat. I digress....I hope your island's OK! Two weeks to re-enter their homes....sounds like when they have the severe earthquakes out here- crazy, yes. Jeff G. is cute (I just have to get past the "Jeff" part. My first ex's name was Jeff, and it took me years to not severely cringe when I heard that name LOL!!). Wow! I didn't realize you & Jen live that close to each other!! Can you tell I've never been back east and am used to living in large states?? 45 min. in either direction here (well, short of the ocean) and I'd still be in CA. Same goes for if I was in Phoenix, AZ or Austin, TX. LOL- my hubby's laughing at me- he said, "well look at the map-they're close" and I said, "well, I *know* but it's just odd for me to think about". Then he said "we really need to take a driving vacation" LOL. Nan- AMEN! You East Coast LevenGals be safe- we'll all be praying & we're here for ya. EDIT: Hey, did you get your "CA Statewide Special Election" Official Info Guide in the mail? There's some classic statements in there. Here's a few of my personal favorites: Peter Camejo (Green Party): "I stand for...legal marriage and drivers licenses for all....the World Court....I stand against: three strikes, racial profiling, the Patriot Act, wars of conquest...." This is one of the many fools who are threatening our way of life. Cullenbine:(Dem. Party) "I am a longtime opponent of radical right wing attempts to take over this state and counrry." Umm....last time I checked, radical left wingers have had control of this state for some time.... Lorraine (Abner Zurd) Fontanes- Dem Party: "With my skills as a filmmaker and arts administrator, I will work to return common sense to California government." **HUH????** What does common sense have remotely to do with having skills as a filmmaker and arts administrator???? Trek Thunder Kelly (Independent): "....I will legalize drugs, gambling, and prostitution so they may be taxed and regulated, the funds derived would subsidize the deficit, education, and the environment....I don't care who you marry or have sex with." Kevin Richter (Rep. Party): "I breathe" (yes, that's all he says). Christopher Sproul (Dem. Party): "Recall? Vote No!" And if you are *against* the recall, you're running.....why??? Anyway, thought ya'll would get a (sort of) kick out of what some of these people's platforms are. Heaven help us. I think I'll hold onto this- if not for the historical value, the comic value. Jan- I always used to want to visit places in the Middle East, but I think those thoughts have been put way back on the back burner. I always wanted to see the old ruins in that area of the world, but so many things have been destroyed by people who don't care (like the pyramids in Egypt), and they don't like Americans, so..... I just can't imagine what it would feel like to stand in front of something like that that has been around for thousands of years and just *feel* history. I *love* history and reading it is all well & fine, but to *see* the things in person that you read about, would just be incredible. The upside of this, is that I'm really becoming more interested in early American history, and there's loads of places of great historical value here in the US to visit. Hopefully we'll be able to do that one of these days. a- You stay safe too! Jayel- Wow- those are great tips; I never would have known some of those (but then I haven't been in a hurricane before either). I'm sure those will be helpful to our gals on the coast. LOL, I thought the same thing when I saw/heard Geraldo was there in NC. LMAO (no pun intended) about the "if he'd had Fox News on the seat of his jeans, it would have gotten a lot more attention"! LOL, yeah, Geraldo- don't hog up Jeff's time! ;-) I think of the seagulls in "Finding Nemo" (or so I've heard)- "MINE." (As in 'my story- you can go home now') He seems to swoop in *just* as we're getting to see one of the long lost hotties.....dang it. No offense to those who like Geraldo, I just wish the other guys would their due as well; it just seems to happen an awful lot.

 Sherry: Pretty much prepared but we're not sweatin' it too much at the house - we have plenty of other things to be sweating and crying over but that's neither here nor there. Weather.com says Fairfax County's chance of getting subs. rain was 50% at 7:00 p.m. and a quick check says it's still 50%. I hope things go well for you over in Maryland (sorry that you had to cancel your trip) I hope you stay safe Sherry. I'll want outta of this is for the power to stay on but *knocks on wood* we've had pretty good luck as far as power staying on during bad weather.

 Sherry - I tried to think of some hurricane advice to add to all of the usual instructions. I assume that you've already heard the usual instructions to fill up your car with gas, have cash on hand, refill any prescription drugs that are running out, and stock up on bottled water, snack food, flashlights/lanterns and a battery powered radio or TV. As a source for batteries, check out drug stores, supermarkets, variety stores and arts & crafts stores. If the electricity is off for an extended period, ice will be one of the most necessary items, but (judging from my own experience) it may take days to get in trucks loaded with ice. Turn your refrigerator up to the highest setting as soon as possible. To help preserve the coolness, place a heavy blanket or quilt over the refrigerator. (If the electricity is off for as long as seven days, this won't help, but will help for a much shorter period.) To avoid having to keep opening the refrigerator door, put items like water, milk, juice and the like in an ice chest with a bag of ice. If you don't already have these, get a barbecue grill, charcoal and lighter fluid. If you're a coffee drinker, instant coffee and powered creamer will save your sanity. Sheets of plastic will help to minimize water damage if your roof springs a leak. As long as your electricity stays on, feel free to come here for moral support. We're all concerned about you. Nan - I will pray that it's God's will that your father's cancer treatment will be successful. Jen - What you put in your e-mail to Greg sounds fine to me. Damn! (Excuse me, ladies.) There's Geraldo in N.C. covering Hurricane Isabel. I should've known that he'd show up! Jan - Rick hasn't been on for the last couple of days. I'm wondering if he's still in Israel or has now gone from there. I thought about Rick being in Israel for Rosh Hashanah (Jewish New Year). I'm sure that I've read it at one time, but I can't remember how Rosh Hashanah is observed. Public gatherings would be out, I would certainly think. Leslie - It's great to see you back. I saw Jeff Goldblatt today. He was wearing JEANS! I noticed that his shirt had "Fox News" on it. That's the first time that I've noticed any of the guys wearing something that said Fox News. If he'd had Fox News on the seat of his jeans, it would have gotten a lot more attention. Lol! Jeff seems sweet, and he joked a couple of times, once when he mispronounced something. If Geraldo follows the storm and takes Jeff's place in Va., I'm gonna have to repeatedly duck Geraldo in the surf! Greg K. looked excellent today in his red shirt, and he was smiling quite a bit. In addition to no Rick today, there was also no Todd and no Dan. Some of the hotties are always disappearing. I feel like a cowboy on a cattle drive trying to round up all the strays. Sigh!

 Hi guys! I'm so stressed, too many things to do, and this hurricane doesn't help with the stress. Anyway, on Studio B, Greg K did his report, and he smiled in the beginning of his report and in the end of his report. It appears that he's smiling a lot more now. Anyone notice this? Jen, congrats on finishing that letter. Keep us posted!

 Now I can post about other things. Yes I'm prepared for the hurricane. Had to go back to Lowes today to get some things. My gas grill was out of gas and if we are out of electricity for awhile I may have to use that to cook. Hubby and I put all the patio furniture away today. Just got it this spring so don't want it to blow away. They are already closing some schools for Thursday and Friday. They don't want the kids to get stuck at school and the road flood and then not be able to get home. Of course my hubby works tomorrow night/Friday morning when it is coming so I will probably be here alone (just like in the snow storm we had in February). Hubby and I vacation at Cape Hatteras every year and we are supposed to go there on October 17th for a week so we are praying our favority little island is okay but we think the roads will probably get wiped out like they did with Floyd back in 1999. They have to bring bulldozers in and clear the sand and debris and then lay new roads. I don't know if anyone on the blog has been there but in some places the island is probably less than a mile long so with 11 foot wave surges it is going to be crazy. My hubby was on his fishing board talking to some of the residents down there and they said they don't like to evacuate because sometimes it takes up to two weeks before they let you back in your home to assess the damage. Crazy. Jonathan S. was in Atlantic Beach but the hotel closed and he said they had to move to Atlantic Beach and they were in a condo ( I thought I wonder if someone took them in). I would take the Fox reporters into my house if they were here. LOL!! How great does Jeff G. look standing on the beach in Virginia with the wind blowing through his hair. Have we made him an honary hottie, if not I'm making him one now becuase he is just too cute. Jen - Are you ready for the hurricane?? You are my fellow east coast buddy (for those of you that didn't know Jen lives like 45 minutes from me). Well gotta go. Grinning from ear to ear still that I saw Adam's name in my email box (even if it was a group email). LOL!!

 OMG!! So I open my email and see an email with a return address of Adam.Housley@foxnews.com. So of course I freak out since I sent my email like 2 months ago. Well actually the poor guy is very busy so he sent a group response back I guess to all the people that had emailed him but hey it is an email anyway and he apologizies for that. I wonder if I'll get my picture though??? If not I will wait until after all this election stuff and ask again then. Here is the email: Hello everyone- First let me apologize for the form letter, but I have a great and yet valid excuse. I am getting inundated with e-mail from all the campaigns here in California as the recall continues to stir more than an Atlantic Hurricane. So having said that, just trying to read and catch up on e-mail everyday has become quite a job. Anyway, I just wanted to thank everyone for their feedback, birthday wishes and overall support. Hope everything is well with all of you and enjoy the last few days of summer. Adam

 Hi Kids!!! I am still enjoying my self-induced 'FirthFrenzy'. I'm feeling very British lately, being that most of his movies are English (or Scottish). At least I'm learning a little about my ancestral country...it all goes back to "Obsession disguised as history" :-P I'm thinking of making that my personal motto, it fits on so many different levels.... I'm off the split-screen again tonight, but considering how my computer has been acting, it's a small miracle I'm on at all. I'm gathering by lack of posts that Rick is MIA again??? I'm so caught up in my above 'hobby' that I've been neglecting Fox and Shep. I feel so bad...(sorry guys). I did however catch Toddie and his 'nekkid' face...I'm still trying to decide how I like him better, right now I'm leaning toward "with facial hair" Jen, what's the deal girl??? You need to get better so you don't have to have surgery again...I sure hope you get to feeling better and soon! That hospital trip didn't sound like much fun at all.....Happy Belated Birthday, I'm so sorry I didn't post on or before the big day...21 already? Enjoy that age, but in moderation.... Jayel, it is too cool that Jeff G answered your email....we'll have to come up with a name for him now, my brain is all Firthed out right now, but I'd bet that Natalie could come up with a great name.... I saw that PETA story, and while I love animals (I have three who basically run the place), I think that is totally ridiculous about the landlady forcing those people to stop selling animal products. For those of you who missed it, the landlady of a shopping mall in Austin, TX (Leslie??) is a member of PETA and won't let the shoe stores sell leather shoes, or even the restaurant sell steak or any other meat products.... Natalie, I hope your weather is cooling down, we went from a/c to heater in a matter of hours...(almost literally) We actually don't have the heater on yet, but it's that weather where the house gets hot in the afternoon and cold at night, I'm just trying to go with open windows for the moment and give myself a break on the energy bill. This year is supposed to break all records for rates. Two years ago our Jan/Feb 40 day bill was $400, no joke, and we only keep the house at 65. Outrageous! I work with a guy whose bill was $800. I know that sounds ridiculous in CA, I have a friend in Santa Cruz who freaked because her bill one month was $80. Teri, glad to have you back, you may need to teach me some Gaelic if I get into any heavy duty Scottish Firth movies. Am I right in that you moved from Maryland to California? That's one serious move....I hope all the household items made it through alright. The last time we moved, I was still living at home and we went from Iowa to Colorado, and I read the fine print on the mover's estimate (yeah I was that bored) and the insurance didn't cover if the truck was crossing a bridge and that bridge collapsed....who thinks of these things???? Melissa who??? Sorry, just glad to have you back. Thanks for posting those pics, I hadn't seen much of the guys lately. Are you so busy with school? Rick just looks devilish when he grins like that...I just love it! Well, I think it's time to get my obsessed butt to bed...It has been pretty slow at the store lately so I've been just been messing around a lot, it sure is tiring trying to look busy....somebody go break some jewelry and mail it to me....

 Hi Gals, I don't have the split screen this time so I'm just gonna wing it.... East Coasters, batten down the hatches....seriously, keep safe. If anyone needs me to send batteries, just email me the addresses, I get an employee discount at the retail store where I work. I'd send plywood, but it wouldn't get there in time.... I would love to jello wrestle any of the hotties, Rick and Shep would be my first two choices, but any of the guys would do....after all I am Lutheran, and nobody knows jello like a Midwestern Lutheran..... Jen, I am so proud of you, I know that took a lot for you to do! How could he not respond to that??? Continued good luck in school... I see where the Jewish New Year is coming up. I suppose that would be kinda cool to experience it in Israel (minus the violence), I wonder if Rick will still be there (or still is)? I've always thought I'd like to experience Christmas in Bethlehem, but of course, not in the near future. Poor Jeff G, they have him standing on the coast waiting for Isabel. If I were assigned that job, I would wonder if it's because I was a good reporter, or they didn't like me at all... :-)

 LEVENGALS ON THE EAST COAST Isabel is a coming!!! Just wanted to let you know, you're in my prayers. Hope you're prepared as you can be and that you don't experience too many disruptions. If you need anything - send out an SOS and the rest of us LevenGals will do what we can to help.

 All I can say is damn this stupid Hurricane. The eye is going to pass over just to the west of my town when it works its way up to us. They issued a state of emergency for Maryland last night when I went to bed. They say we will get like 10 inches of rain and the winds here will probably be like 60-80 miles an hour. I feel like my house is going to blow away when they are 30 miles an hour. We canceled our trip to Niagara Falls because of this stupid hurricane. We would have had to drive like 6 hours in the hurricane on Friday and then it was headed to where we were going so it probably would have rained all weekend. I was afraid to leave my house because we have a lot of old trees and that is all I need is for one of them to fall and me be out of town. Hubby went to Lowe's this morning to get some things and they were out of just about everything. It was able to get sand bags to put by our basement window that has a small leak. I'm trying to keep my basement from flooding. No batteries to be found. They said that there is a good chance we will lose electricity and that be prepared that it may take up to 7 days to fix it if that happens. You can tell I"m really happy. On to happier things. Leslie - The hairball thing cracks me up. He is hairy. LOL!! Sounds like you had fun at school with your little ones. Jen - Congrats on sending the email. Greg is looking good today in like a reddish/burgandy shirt. I like it Nan - I was laughing like crazy about what you said about Geraldo and my cat. He would be preening in front of the mirror. Yeah Shep made a couple comments about the hurricane being a woman. He was cracking me up. Nat - Yeah the hurriane is a coming as I posted above. I'll keep you all update if I have electricity. I told my hubby this can be a trial run for us since we want to move to NC and we will have to deal with this a lot more. Well I'm feeling kind of blah today so maybe I'll go to ebay and buy something and that will make me feel better. LOL!!! Has Rick been on the last couple days?? I haven't been watching much so I'm not sure if he has been on. I know they said Adam is coming up so that will cheer me up a little. Well gotta go. Talk to you ladies later.

 Hey ladies! Things have been pretty interesting around here, just got to check in for the first time in a few days this morning. I got so tickled at Shep and Sean, yesterday?; Sean's still pushing Shep for some sort of sport charity event, and Shep was declining as usual. Sean asked him if he ever played sports in school, and Shep said no, he stayed in his room and cried all day. Poor baby, we'll teach you some contact sports. ;-) Maybe we could suggest they auction of a chance to Jello wrestle the hotties. Rick, Shep, Greg, Adam, et. al; who would pay money for a one-on-one with Sheppo in a pool full of Cherry Jello? Jan? Nan? Anybody? Sherry - I wouldn't name a pet I hated Geraldo, let alone a cute little kitty. But it does bring to mind the picture of Geraldo behind the couch hacking up a hairball. I swear that man is so hairy... Nat - I heartily agree that your own opinion is worth everyone else's combined, with change back. You are a super person, intelligent, talented, strong and funny. Someone we're all proud to know and call friend. I raise my glass of "delicious" Slim-Fast Chocolate Royale to you. (Is 9:30 am too early for Merlot?) Yesterday was Mommy Appreciation Day at the girls' school. Got to go have lunch with them in the cafeteria and play games. Chicken nuggets, mashed potatoes, green beans, chocolate cake and milk. Got a pink and purple tissue paper rose corsage and we all got to play musical chairs, pin the tail on the donkey, and had a pinata. The kids really enjoyed watching the mommies play games, but I've learned one thing. Never get between a class full of third graders and pinata loot. Charlie and I almost got fried this morning on our walk. Went out, one tiny little gray cloud in an endless blue sky. About halfway through the walk, it had tripled in size and started rumbling. Just before we got to the field at the end of our street, cloud to ground lightning struck the field kicking up dirt. The hair on my arms and neck stood up and the thunder clap felt like someone slammed a truck into me. Charlie had been in the field; she turned and flew past me like she'd been shot out of a cannon. I was not far behind. I have never been that close to lightning and don't want the experience again. Well, better get off here. Cleaning out the fridge this morning and defrosting the deep freeze. Fun, fun, fun. Ya'll have a good morning.

 *Teary eyed* Well that's it, I've done it - my life's work and only at the age of 20. I have just sent an e-mail to Greg and I swear it is the LAST one that will ever leave my e-mail server, why? Not really because I am afraid but because it is the best thing I've ever written. His note with the shirt wasn't as good as this I think. The usual suspects of course Nat, Melissa, Nan, Jan, Hussy Den Mother Leslie - you all had indirect part in it, thank you - if you wanna see it let me know. Basically I started out a little opened ended but I got down to the point - sweet talk. I learned over the summer from Melissa that sweet talk will do it so that's what I did, just indulged his ego a little. Talked about me just enough to peak his intrest but mentioned him enough to keep his intrest. But I'm not a selfish person, no - so here go some "highlites" of the e-mail: "...as soon as I bought it [shirt] I ran over to gift wrap and demanded that they wrap it so I didn't chicken out and return it" "...trust me, I could write you 1,000 times (don't worry I won't) but even if you said I could - I still wouldn't be able to tell you how much that made my day, but if you're curious I'll let you know." "I bet if you could see how flushed my face is right now that would make your day too.." "..I wasn't trying to say you needed a new shirt but, well hmm let's just say I *wanted* you to have a new shirt.." "...your reports are the only thing, aside from class lectures, that I actually take time to sit down and pay attention too. You don't know it but you are the *envy* of my best friend" "..if I say anything else you will be forced to read about life as a Pre-Law student (and you think Baghdad is bad, you don't wanna hear my ramblings on that).." "..it was sweet of you to wear that shirt ... and well basically you're a sweet guy to do it" I'll take your comments and feedback but seriously I mean nothing can bring me down from this e-mail, I mean to me, on my own, that e-mail was as good as it was going to get short of spiling my guts and that *was* not going to happen! Leslie did suggest a more *sassy* and *hussy* e-mail but..no, I'll just save that one for after my year ban on alcohol is up and I can send that one guilt and conscious free... Alright Con. Law and French up later today! Good luck to me :-), nighty guys!

 Natalie: Thanks for the well-wishes!! I'll need them, ugh the only good thing is my Con. Law teacher lets us have one page of notes but with all those cases and exceptions I'm gonna have to bring a magnify lens just to read it but I had to put everything I could - French, ugh I'm not sure about that, that's got a lot of stuff too but I'm not that worried it's this Con. Law ... You know a funny thing about Hurricane Isabel, I've been so caught up in so much stuff - school, my friend that I didn't even *know* about the Hurricane until YESTERDAY! Isn't that sad?! Everyone was talking about the hurricane and I was rewatching Sunday night's ER and suddenly I saw about the hurricane and I was like "hurricane? What hurricane?!" The only good thing about the hurricane is that it's forced these stupid homeowners w/ nothing better to do w/ their money to *not* repave the road this week so no parking in the boonies for me! Yess.. I'll totally e-mail the part of my paper to you tonight Nat :) So I had my first Phi Alpha Delta meetings last night, it was from 7:30 to 9:00!! :-( But it was pretty cool - I got nominated for President, Secretary and Memembership Chairperson but I had to decline all of them :-(, too many personal factors keeping me from doing it and there are *hot* ugh gorgeous men in this thing, some of them so hot I got to study with one of them today too bad none of them are named Greg - LOL, but we're doing a lot of things one of them is a kickball tourney Woo-hoo! We're playing the Pre-Med Honor Frat, Pre-Dental Honor Frat, Pre-Nursing Honor Frat, Jewish Honor Frat, Christian Society etc et. al, it's the middle of October if anyone is intrested on hoping on a plane from anywhere (even Baghdad) to check me er I mean us out... Speaking of Baghdad Greg (sortta) My new quest is to convince my grandpa to get my step-uncle Kenny who works at the Pentagon in the Dept. of the Army to next time Greg's there to give his niece a little notice! But that's a catch-22 I mean I wanna know but then I don't wanna know.. Nan: Have I told you how much I love *that* picture of Greg you took for me? I printed it out on my grandpa's printer today (since it's in color) and am now going to hunt for a frame... ;-) - I couldn't see the last pic you e-mailed me :( though, where on the fox site did you see it at? Maybe I could access it directly. Alright guys I had some tuna salad today for my first meal at 5:30 and ate too fast because I was too starving and Oompa Loompa city :-( I slept for like 1 1/2 hours and now am feeling better - time for Diet Pepsi, I'm thinking later about egg imposters - real eggs and ol' pouchy do *not* get along. Alright the Hurricane is a comin' though the Weather Channel says Fairfax Co. will just get PM Rain & wind on Thursday and light rain and wind on Friday..so if I survive it I'll post back over the weekend but then again I just might sleep right through it, I've been *that* absent minded lately, have a good rest of the week you guys.

 Hey gals! I don't have real long, so I'll have to make this a quick post (yeah, right!). Jayel- Thanks for sharing the high jinx (sp?) of Studio B from yesterday! :) I taped it, but haven't seen it yet. "Why should anyone else's opinion be worth more than your own?"- *very* good point. I need to make this my mantra- seriously! :) I'm hoping that the recall delay vote will be swiftly overturned, but I wouldn't put it past some group or another to try it again. Argh about Christiane Amanpour....O'Reilly mentioned that last night and your post came to mind. They're just jealous! ;-P Male reporter in drag....LMAO! Thanks for the hottie update today too! :) I *always* appreciate when any of you gals out there mention when they're on- makes it a lot easier to find on the tape as well as knowing whether I should just rewind. The only time I can really check the tapes out is on the weekend....so believe me, the updates *really* help!! Sherry- Still, be careful! 3 hours from the coast sounds a ways off, but when the hurricane is 400 miles across, I'm not sure. Then again, I've never been in a hurricane so if I was out there, I'd be hightailing it LOL! Yeah, I was pretty hot under the collar about the recall thing, but it shouldn't have surprised me. We'll see..... I saw a better view of Todd without the goatee- not scruffy like when I saw Sunday's report. I just love the goatee too and I think I have to agree that he looks older without it. How mean of your hubby....I think mine's done that too, but he jokingly calls her furball or something else- can't remember right now. This is usually followed by a jab by me. ;-) Stay safe in that hurricane!! Nan- Oh my.....how could you stop after one roll??? That's my first mistake. Once I have one, then I have to have another.... :) I like Mancow too- he's pretty funny. They didn't have him on this morning though, unless they had him on earlier than usual & I missed it. I remember C.A. from the first Gulf War too; didn't care for her much then either. Of course, part of that could be 'cause I was hoping to see Arthur Kent ;-) LOL, some things never change (except in this case, the newschannel did!)..... I hear ya on the CA thing.... I hereby disassociate myself from this state. We certainly didn't vote for any of 'em either. Yep- a hottie fix would be a (however) temporary fix! ;-P I'm glad to hear that your dad's (and you!) got some positive news!! :-) The whole Geraldo/kitty thing....**shakes head** LOL!! Oh yeah- thanks for the heads up on the Greg & Rick videos! Jen- Yeah! Send the paper to me- I'll bet you kicked butt!! ;-) **GOOD LUCK** to you on the exams! AND PLEASE....please stay safe too if you're in the path of that hurricane! And that goes for any of you other LevenGals out there! Take cover & be safe over the next few days, -K-??? Otherwise the remaining LevenGals will have to divy up the hotties! Keep that in mind! ;-P Seriously, be safe!

 Jan and Natalie : You guys better have Pay Pal or something because I just finished my religion paper for the week and it chocked FULL of Shirt references! I just read it to my grandpa - he has just now stopped laughing and told me "Boy you can certainly BS it with the best of them can't you?!" Well it's not BS I don't think, I have a point. Well wait most of the paper is BS because like I said I don't have religious things happen but I got this in - I'm going to send it to you guys later tonight - don't want to put it *all* out here on the blog - some of it is just not fit for it, anyone else wants to read it just let me know and I'll send ya'll an e-mail - I've been at my granpa's too long!! I've got to get to store well I've got to circle to the lot and fight for a parking space *then* I can get to the store.. I've got French exams and Con. Law exam (18 Supreme Court Cases and 20 exceptions to both warrant req. and exclusionary rule :( - you guys think of me between the hours of 10:30 - 1:30)

 Hottie Alert! Greg K. just gave what I think is his first report of the day. Jeff Goldblatt has also been on as one of the reporters covering Hurricane Isabel. If any of you LevenGals haven't paid much attention to Jeff before, give him a closer look. He gives the impression of being nice, friendly (occasionally touching the people he's talking with) and down-to-earth, as well as being cute and having a great smile. He'll probably be on a good bit during the next couple of days, depending upon whatever happens with Isabel. Adam Housley is on now, as well. Not sure that we'll get a Rick sighting today. News seems to be in a temporary lull in Israel.

 LevenGals! Just thought you might want to know, on foxnews.com, in the Fox Fan Exclusive section is Greg Kelly's interview after returning from Iraq the first time. If you click on Archive, Rick's interview is there also. Happy viewing!!

 Nat - I was so depressed today when I heard about the court decision to postpone the recall. Just when you think there's a sliver of hope for this state, someone comes along and administers a beat down. Hopefully, Sandra Day O'Connor will set aside their decision and allow the recall to proceed. *Sigh* Glad your shoulder/neck is feeling better. And no, I don't think there is such a thing as a "normal" family either. You can choose your friends (like all us LevenGals) but you don't get a choice when it comes to family. Oh yes, the rolls were utterly delicious. Well, I only had one, but it was great. Haven't had a chance to watch my tape of Fox & Friends, but I always make sure to see when Mancow is on. He always makes me laugh. Jayel - Don't even get me started on Christiane Amanpour. My hubby and I couldn't stand her during the first gulf war (back then all there was, was CNN). We would yell at the TV everytime she did a report. She is so anti-American-she blames us for all the ills in the world. See, she can make me crazy. LOL Please accept my sincerest apologies for the problems CA is inflicting on the rest of the country. After all, we did elect (not by my votes) a Democrat majority in the Senate and Assembly, and then also every statewide position is help by a Democrat. In reality, we deserve everything that's happening here, but the rest of the country doesn't. But as the saying goes, "as CA goes, so does the rest of the country". After today's news regarding the recall election, I'm in serious need of a hottie fix. I will be watching my tapes from today shortly and hopefully I wil have sweet dreams instead of depressing nightmares. I missed Bret Hume today, but I love your description, I can just see him discussing the problems this state is causing. LOL I'm going to have to start fast-forwarding using jet speed instead of space shuttle speed to catch some of these commercials. Just talked with my dad tonight, and the doctors at USC are recommending surgery and then intense chemo. The upside is they feel he can live a "good" 4 - 5 years, opposed to 3 - 6 months. He's choosing the surgery and chemo. Thanks for asking. Sherry - Here Geraldo, here Geraldo, thats a good kitty-now Geraldo, that's enough preening in front of the mirror and for goodness sakes would you please stop licking yourself! LOL Hope the hurricane doesn't cause to much havoc for you. As Shep said, "she's wet and she's wild" LOL. Hope it doesn't interfere with your trip.

 Nat - I just saw a picture of Hottie Toddie from yesterday minus the goatee. I think he looks older without it but he is still a hottie. Have a funny story for you all. My hubby said he wanted to change my kitten's name that he really didn't like Riley. I said what do you want to chnage it too. He said I think we should call him Geraldo for your favorite reporter. I said over my dead body. He of course was teasing me since he knows how I feel about that. He still goes around the house every once and awhile calling him that and I tell him to stop it.

 Hello Ladies!! I'm finally getting around to posting for the first time in over two days. I have to catch up on all the posts. I've just had a lot of school work and stuff. I'm so mad right now. I went to put a battery in my camera (the new one I got in July) and the door on the battery compartment is broken. I'm so upset, I know Kodak is going to tell me it is not covered under warranty. I was able to put tape on it to at least transfer my pictures to the computer. I'm gonig to call them as soon as I get off. Well all my days are running together. I know I saw a lot of Adam today with all the stuff going on in California (Nat and Nan - what do you think of that ruling??) I think I saw Rick this morning and just saw Greg. I missed Todd on The Fox Report last night but did see Rick's reporting on the womem's prison. We are are waiting here on the east coast to see what this hurricane is going to do. I'm like 3 hours from the ocean so we will get mostly the winds and rain but won't get the powerful impact like the coast. The rain sucks though because hubby and I are going to Niagara Falls this weekend and it will probably rain the whole time. Jayel - I was cracking up when Shep was talking about that town in OK changing its name to Viagara. Nat - I knew you would be hot about the recall. I was just reading the article you posted. It sounds like the Supreme Court will probably take the case and let the recall go on. Don't know if it would still be the 7th or not. Keep those absentee ballots you may need them. I don't even live there and this stuff drives me crazy. LOL!! No Hottie Toddie shaved. How did it look. I really like the goatee. Nan - I love Red Lobster. I'm with Nat - I love those rolls they give you. Yeah I couldn't sleep and I woke up on Saturday morning and there was Rick. I couldn't believe I was up that early. Well gotta go. Talk to you ladies later.

 Where are the missing Levengals? No new comments on the hotties? For those of you who missed Studio B today, some of the Fox bad boys are at it again. Shep was reporting on a town in Oklahoma named Agra, which has been persuaded to change its name to Viagra. Shep mentioned "erecting" a sign with the new name. Neil Cavuto then chimed in that there was "stiff" competition for the name. Lol! Shep mentioned that there was going to be a report on Studio B from Rick L., but it didn't take place for some reason, so the report may show up on today's Fox Report. Rick was on this morning looking fine in one of his best colors - tan. Greg K. was on Studio B, wearing a dark blue shirt, and gave a little smile at the end of his report. He does smile more often than he used to and strikes me as being much more at ease in talking with the various Fox anchors than he was a couple of months ago. You California girls are going to have to get on blood pressure medication with all of the maddening actions going on regarding the recall election. How outrageous that judges can flout the will of the people to hold an election. What happens in Ca. today will be happening in the rest of the country tomorrow, I fear, and we're in real danger of losing our democratic process. (Bret Hume was on discussing the Ca. situation, with his glasses far down on his nose, as he did his Benjamin Franklin impression.) Lol! Natalie - Glad to read that you're feeling better. Don't let your self-esteem get battered. Why should anyone else's opinion be worth more than your own? Nan - The 24/7 promo flashes by so quickly that you haven't missed much by not having seen it. By contrast, Fox has another promo talking about the '04 election and shows the reporters who will be covering it slowly enough that all of them can be identified. This is a much better promo, IMO, and I'd like to see Fox do something similar with the hotties. I hope that your father is getting along satisfactorily. I came across a couple of articles that mentioned Fox News. One of them concerned quotes from Christiane Amanpour regarding CNN coverage of the Iraq war. (If I didn't know better, I would swear that she was a male reporter in drag.) This is one of her comments: "I think the press was muzzled, and I think the press self-muzzled, I'm sorry to say, but certainly television and, perhaps, to a certain extent, my station was intimidated by the administration and its foot soldiers at Fox News." From another article about CNN: "CNN's general manager, Teya Ryan, was ousted Monday as the network continues to grapple with the fallout of being the No. 2 cable news network behind Fox News Channel. Walton (CNN President Jim Walton) has been trying to nudge CNN in a harder news direction. CNN's ratings are up this year, primarily due to the war in Iraq, but it has not been able to challenge Fox News Channel's dominance in the ratings."

 OK- this just figures. I *hate* (yes, I know that's a strong word, but it fits here) the 9th circuit court of appeals here in (of course) SF. They are friggin delaying the recal! Here's the story: urlLink recall postponed . And wouldn't you just know, that I received our absentee ballots today. Guess I can save those as souvenirs. For those who may have forgotten, it was our (un)lovely 9th circuit court of appeals that said that it was wrong to have "God" in the Pledge of Allegiance. My head is spinning......could be the caffeine overdose too though. :-P

 good evening levengals, i just lost my long post. oh well, i'll learn how to do this right if it takes me all night! as i've said b4, i've been mainly a lurker in this blog. but now that i have a laptop i hope to be more involved. i've been getting the internet and e-mail through webtv. now with this new pc i see what all i've been missing. WOW - i now know what you all meant when you talked about a 'split screen'. happy face. i've got sooo much more to learn and discover, and i'm enjoying every minute of it. my aide, jamie ( i'm a quad with limited hand use - hence the slow typing - and jamie is my personal care aide and a great friend.) is teaching me how to use my computer. she's 19 and a pro, as i am 51 and iy yi yi... i've got lots to learn. jamie is very patient w/me. i've missed seeing greg k back. my 2 fav fox hotties are rick and todd. a friend was visiting one day when shep was on and commented on his lower lip. it's much more puffier than his top lip. i hadn't really noticed it till she pointed it out. now i find myself looking at it all the time. my arm muscle is giving out and i'm making too many mistakes. so i'll try posting again. happy halloween!

 Happy Halloween, LevenGals! From the little that I've seen of Fox today, no hotties have been around other than Greg K. This is definitely a trick -- not a treat! Greg was on the first hour of Fox&Friends this morning with Mike, Juliet and Julian. They were talking about Halloween costumes, and as they started to go to Greg, Juliet said, "If he had a mask, every man would want to look like Greg Kelly." When he heard that, Greg got an incredulous look on his face and laughed. Greg also indicated that he was happy to be in Washington, instead of Baghdad. No news to report about Rick, unfortunately.

 Hey, Nan, just found an old Garfield t-shirt from my childhood. "I'm not overweight, I'm undertall". Children's size M, should fit you fine. ;-) And no, I haven't been kicked off any websites today, but you should have seen what was in my E-mailbox this morning. :-P

 just testing to see if I can blog offline!

 Happy Halloween!!! Did anyone see Studio B and the video of the guy shooting the lawyer??? Some man shot a lawyer point blank at least 8 times, then told him "you took my money so that's what you get". Huh??? Living here in CA, I thought I had seen it all, but that is definitely a new one. Glad the lawyer's injuries aren't life threatening. Even Shep was amazed!!! He mentioned he was at jury duty yesterday, so I guess Jan, you're in the clear. LOL Wore my first sweater of the season yesterday and there is actually clouds in the sky here today. Fall has finally fallen! Leslie - ahh, the girls are sick-hopefully "Charlie Brown and the Great Pumpkin" will make them feel better. btw-been kicked off any websites today? :) Teri - LOL, the "burning state" !!! Send some of that rain inland and a little south. Can't wait to see how those environmental wackos try to blame President Bush or better yet the new Governator for the fires. There is no way they will ever acknowledge that they are partly to blame. Could be interesting to see the squirming and the wild accusations in the coming months. Have a great evening!! I'm pretty sure that it's against the law to diet on Halloween, so indulge in your favorite candy to your heart's content!!

 Happy Halloween to all the LevenGals, KellyGrrls, ShepHerders, Adamaniacs, Hotty Toddy Lovers, and the rest of you assorted FNC nuts. Well, it happened. All week temps in the high 70s low 80s. Woke up this morning to 30 and the first hard freeze. Both girls are home from school with that croupy cough, taking hits of Albuterol and pinging off the walls. I'm almost 37. I can't remember a single Halloween when we didn't have to wear coats, hats and mittens over our costumes to go Trick or Treating. I don't know if people go Trick or Treating anymore. We have a city wide Carnivale with booths, treats, and costume contests. We don't go, all the costumes are a bit too much for my reality-challenged daughters to handle. They just can't deal with all noise, colors, etc. Teri - ROTFLMAO I loved your environmental lesson for the day. Very pertinent to today's conservationist whackos. Boy there's a scary costume for you, Presidential Candidate Hillary. It's almost time for Studio B. If Shep isn't on it today, Nan and I are going to hunt Jan down and demand she return him. Or at least share him. Ya'll have lots of calorie-free Halloween fun.

 Hello everyone! We got rain today! What a thrill. I was wondering if it ever rained in the penisula! Denise- I live on Ft. Ord which is in the Monteray penisula in cental ca.. I'm originally from so. ca. and am presently a traveling military wife. So Geraldo is in CA. Why? we don't want him here!LOL! Take care everyone from "the burning state". And let this be a lession to the enviornmental wackio's...if you don't thin out forests you get out of control,hard to contain,will burn your expensive homes inferno from hell! Slan leat!

 Hi LevenGals!! It sure was great to see Greg K and Jazzy Jeff this morning. Both were looking good and as serious as the stories they were reporting. Didn't notice Greg's small cut though. My observation skills must be slipping. Went to an allegery-asthma specialist yesterday and he gave me a new inhaler to help me breathe. It does help a little, but the even better benefit is that my appetite has completed vanished. So, if I pass out from lack of breath it will be easier for the paramedics to lift me onto the gurney because I won't weigh as much. :) I also found out yesterday that I'm a 1/4" shorter than I thought I was. When you're shorter than 5'4", every 1/4 inch counts. So now I realize that I'm not really overweight, I'm just severly underheight. Nat - Kim is having knee (his right) surgery, so it's not serious. Just a torn MCL and a general cleaning. He'll be up and around in a few days, but won't be back to work for about 8 weeks. He had his left knee done in February, so we know pretty much what to expect. Your ever-so-lame computer system sounds like ours before we got the new servers. Nothing worse than looking a screen with "processing" across it over and over again. Wheat Thins, I always thought the named implied that by eating them you're supposed to get thin. Hmmm, maybe that's my problem, I keep reading package labels wrong. LOL Jayel - Saw Geraldo's report from Julian, CA last night and he went on and on and on and didn't really say much. I think he must have brought his complete unabridged book of adjectives with him to CA. I missed the Rick/Shep segment of Studio B, drat. It must have been at the end after I had left home to return to work. Thanks for the ratings. Shep's must have improved so much, that they wanted to verify them before being released. Thanks also for the excerpts from the Roger Ailes article. Love Ailes' bluntness - "Because they're getting their ass beaten" LOL Don't know that Geraldo can be considered a "rookie" though. That guy has been covering war/conflicts for almost 30 years. His comment on "likeability" resonates with me. Most of the reporters on Fox seem like people I would enjoy sitting (or laying-depending on who) and talking with. Leslie - "SUG (Shep Under Glass)" LOL Unfortunately, he seems to have gone missing during Studio B today. Is there something you're not telling me? I've heard Shep comment about people thinking he and Jane were flirting too. He must get emails saying as much. Some people just need to lighten up. Sherry - I know what you mean about the time change. It must be the southern blood in me because I'm still getting up before the sun regardless what the clock says. By 10pm, put a fork in me, because I'm done. I've never played golf, but that is Kim's new hobby. He just went out and bought 2 sets of golf clubs (1 for him and 1 for Logan). Now he's planning on buying a 3rd so Brendon will be able to join in the fun. Not sure I want to jump into the fray with them. I can just imagine their warm and fuzzy comments as I shank one 2 yards from the tee. A quick trip to the emergency room to remove my club from one their skulls might be required. Haven't heard about William L, though he wasn't reporting from there today so, maybe it's true a boulder did hit his car. Denise - I saw the report on the 4 boys from NJ. Maybe when we find Saddam, we'll let him have a little fun with those parents like he did with those Iraqi's in the video Fox has been showing today. The fires are horrible out here. It just breaks my heart all the destruction. Thanks to all for the prayers. They really do mean so much to me. Gotta get back to work

 Hi all! It was great to have Greg K back on the air! I didn't get to find out, but was he reporting from the Pentagon?

 Hi, ladies! It's great to see Greg K. back, looking so handsome and smiling. Does it look as if Greg has a small cut over his right eyebrow?

 Good Morning Ladies!! Fox Hottie Alert!! Greg is back, he was reporting from Washington this moring on Fox and Friends around 7:30 am est. I don't know if Steve was kidding this morning on F&F but he went to Carol M. in CA for the fires and said that William L. wasn't available because his truck got hit by a boulder. I don't know if he was joking or what. Looks like they are bring more reporters in to help cover. I did get to see Adam for a few minutes last night on The Fox Report. Denise - No golf for me. It rained on Monday so it was too wet on Tuesday and then it rained all day on Wednesday. Hubby goes back to work today so I don't think we will get to play. I know what you mean I need all the help I can get. I took lessons and some days I do okay but others are not good. I do good getting it to the green but then I always mess up with my putting. It is a very frustrating sport but I love to play. Jayel - Figures Greg and Rick weren't mentioned in the book. I can't remember that woman's name either. Jayel - Thanks for sharing the article. That was good. Also thanks for the ratings I like to always see what is going on. I agree that Shep and Sean sometimes rub each other the wrong way. I think it just might be that fair and balanced thing. Where Sean is very conservative Shep has to sometimes give the other side or opinion. Leslie - I have only played gold for about a hear and a half. I got to play last year a lot but not this year because it has be considerbly raining in the east. My hubby didn't play until I started. Don't ask me what made me want to do it I just one day decided to take lesson and I really enjoy it except when I'm playing awful or I'm losing my golf balls all over the place. LOL!! Nat - I hate slow systems. You can't get anything done. Ours was always going down and locking up. Yummy I love Wheat Thins. LOL!! Yeah I don't like the April time change because you lose an hour sleep at least in the fall you gain an hour. Of course I"m like Denise and don't like it getting dark at 5:00 Nan - LMAO - Adam in his Lumberjack casual. I agree that Trace was doing just fine without Geraldo. Do you think the other reporters get frustrated with him always butting in. I haven't se Dana Lewis yet. I'll have to look out. Molly and Simon Marks have been on alot when I have had it on. My prayers are with you and your family and hope all goes well with the surgery. Sending group hugs your way.

 Hi all! Working on my paper, exhausting, so decided to check into the blog. Jayel, thanks for posting that fascinating article about Roger Ailes. It would have been interesting if the interviewer asked him, if he could state one word to describe the Fox News personalities, what would they be? For example, how would he describe Greg K and Rick L? Any thoughts everyone? Halloween!

 Hi ladies, I am taking a break from work for a little bit (I am actually ahead of the game today for once!!) so I thought I would check in. I wasin a yucky mood yesterday, it was rainy and 45 degrees al day, I had brokers yelling at me on the phones, and then I came home to watch Fox Report and got teary eyed watching the CA fires, I can't even imagine the devastation. We received an e mial at work from the director of our department asking for us not to call CA and we are being very lenient on their investments for awhile... Did anyone else see that report about the 4 adopted boys from NJ who were starved??? I could not believe that, the 19 year old boy had never been to a restaurant in his life so his rescuers are going to take him out to Chiles when he feels better, which was so sweet. Nan I hope all is well with your family, my thoughts are with you....Geraldo, how does he do it??? That guys goes everywhere! Jan Thanks for the ratings! I saw Dana Lewis last night and I couldn't help but notice the jaw clenching, I think that is the way his mouth just goes naturally. I could be wrong... Nat I hear ya girlie about your slow systems at work! Yesterday I was on the phone with a broker just waiting for my computer to catch up to 2003!..LMAO about your blog/work story. I have tried to explain to people what a blog is and I give up. Sherry Hope today was a golf day! I know here the sun is out but it is so windy, which may be a good thing. I don't know about you, but I need all the help I can get to get my ball down those long fairways!:) I can't seem to get used to the time change, yet either, I always look at the clock and think it should be an hour later, and driving home from work when it's dark at 5 pm kinda stinks, oh well what can ya do??? Teri I'm a little slow at the wheel here, sorry but what part of the country are you from??? CA? I am glad to hear your controlled fires didn't burn out of contral and you are safe! Ok Our team is starting to decorate our area for Halloween. We have a decorating contest tomorrow. I'm gonna go help out, chat with you later!

 Hello all- ready for this s**t! I saw a book in the bookstore called Embedded and I thought yaaaaa! Maybe Ricks story or even Gregs is in it!!!!Nooooooo....they interviewed one Fox embed and it was that bitch with the name you can't pronounce!I recall seeing her like once in a while. Anyway, I saved my money! Nat- package is on it's way to you (sorry, it was too small to stuff Rick in!LOL!) Spent today running errands. Now I'm going home and putting my feet up. Sure hope the foot oder doesn't kill the cats! Slan leat!!!

 Hi, LevenGals! I came across an article from the publication Broadcasting & Cable concerning Roger Ailes, the head of Fox News. RA was chosen as B & C's first-ever Television Journalist of the year and had a question and answer session with B&C. The article gave insight as to the man who runs Fox News and also what is considered desirable in reporters/anchors. Following are some of the more interesting comments: B&C: What do think Fox News' contributions and innovactions have been? RA: (part of response) We also have a very high morale and a very low turnover here. That is very helpful in running a news organization. When I left NBC, 82 people left the NBC system -- either CNBC, NBC or America's talking. Eighty-two people in something like four months left to come here, and there was no network here. B&C: So if Fox News is fair and balanced, then why do so many other people not believe it? RA: Because they're getting their ass beaten. B&C: What do you look for in your anchors and correspondents? RA: Likeability. Whether I enjoy sitting down and talking to them, having fun, having a beer and just talking about world events. There's also certain cosmetic factor to it. I tell John Gibson he's just so good-looking I couldn't turn him down. (Lol!) There's also a certain feel that I get. They walk in, and, if they're negative, they make you nuts. Negative people make positive people sick. They'll make you physically ill. I tell my people, if you ask somebody how they're doing, and they actuallly tell you, "Oh, I ran over my dog. My car won't work. I don't feel good. I've got a sore throat," get the hell away from them. They'll destroy your career and ruin your life. You must try to get around people who are fairly positive and stay there. I probably look for that in my on-air talent, people who other people are going to like being around. B&C: What else are you looking for? RA: I have 37 things on a list. One is who is their agent? Do I hate their agent? If I hate their agent, they have much less of a chance of getting a job here. And what's their experience level? Can they write? Do they know how to tell a story? Can they communicate in conversational ways? B&C: No one in the TV news business is more controversial than Roger Ailes. Every time he chants his "fair and balanced" mantra, the Fox News chairman sends news executives at both broadcast and cable network executives squiriming or screaming. Squirming because the slogan essentially accuses rivals of slanting their coverage, screaming because many of them believe that Fox News and Ailes are slanted as far to the right as, say, Al Franken is to the left. But Fox News works. The seven-year-old network has displaced CNN as the No. 1 cable news network. On an average, non-crisis night, Fox News attracts more viewers than CNN ever did. Initially driven by the combative stayle of The O'Reilly Factor, Fox News this year started beating CNN in every daypart, be it talk or straight news. And in recent months, Fox News has even started beating CNN's rating for major, breaking news. RA also mentioned that Fox has 25% to 30% of the people that CNN has. Other than John Gibson, RA didn't mention any Fox personalities by name except for brief mentions of Bill O'Reilly and Geraldo in response to questions about O'Reilly and Geraldo. Geraldo's claim of standing on "hallowed ground" in Afghanistan was characterized by RA as a "rookie" mistake. Any comments, ladies? Leslie - I agree that Shep irritates Sean more than the reverse. Shep and Rick as frat boys! Good way of putting it. One of the emails during the Iraq war stated that the emailer thought that Shep and Rick acted like brothers. Shep has said something about flirting with Jane. I think that this was when they were discussing a party and Jane mentioned women flirting with Shep.

 Hey ya'll! The wardens (Sarah and Jaylee) let me out to play a little so thought I'd pop by to check in. Jayel - I've noticed that Shep doesn't let Sean Hannity get too far right before yanking his chain a little. I think Shep irritates Sean more than the other way around. Shep and Rick just seem like overgrown frat boys sometimes the way they kid each other, and if I'm not mistaken Shep has even sheepishly (no pun intended) mentioned that people were going to think he and Jane were flirting. I don't care who the side dish is as long as I have my SUG (Shep Under Glass). Nat - sounds like your system at work is related to my hopelessly outdated computer. Waiting around is how I've gained most of my weight. Have you ever thought that they send Geraldo to all the "hotspots" hoping he'll get too nosy? Does anybody know if they have life insurance on him? Nan - I'm keeping you and your family in my prayers. I hope all goes well with all your menfolk. I understand the reluctance to accept your m-i-l's "help". I feel the same way about my own mom. I kind of like Dana Lewis, but he's going to need to loosen up a bit to fit in at FNC. Sherry - you and my littlest were up early this morning. She came in at 5:30 with a video. I talked her into climbing in with me and then rubbed her tummy until she went back to sleep. It was only an hour or so, but sleep is sleep and I get it whenever I can. What gets me is the early nightfall. By 7 it's dark and I'm ready for bed. How long have you played golf? My dad loves it, but I have no eye/hand coordination. I'd have to be out there swinging at a beach ball with a snow shovel to actually hit anything. I know Jen is super private, but she's really going through some tough times right now. Let's all keep her in our prayers. She's going to need all the help she can get for a while. It's late and I'm old, so I'm checking it in for the night. Everybody have a good one, and take care.

 Happy Tuesday Everyone!! This time change has me all messed up and I'm up at the crack of dawn. I can't seem to get adjusted. Did anyone see The Fox Report last night. Rick was on there doing a report from Yale. He had a black suit on and was looking great. Adam was also on and he was dressed casual in a plaid shirt with a green shirt underneath. We don't get to see him casual too much. On Studio B yesterday Shep was talking to Bill Cowen who just got back from Iraq and he reference Greg K. and said he was Fox's War Correspondent. That must be his new title. I wonder if he will show up in DC or back in Iraq. Nat - I'm glad it is going to cool off for you. It rained here like crazy yesterday. My hubby is off the next two days and we were finally going to play golf since we have only played once this years becasue of all the rain. Well now it looks like it is going to be to wet. Maybe if the sun is out today we can play tomorrow. The weather always ruins my plans. Thanks for the congrats on my weight loss, I need all the encouragment I need. Jen - We don't care what you talk about just come on in and chat. Sorry I didn't IM you back the other day, I was deep into homework and then when we were talking the other night my computer cut my internet off. I was frustrated so I didn't sign back on. Nan - I hope everything is okay with your hubby. At least he is not down there yet. Hopefully he won't have to go and get into the middle of it. It is awful down there. Did you see Adam yesterday?? Send that obsessive compulsive person my way too. I was doing good cleaning over the summer but now I have no desire to do it and I need to. Denise - How awful is that party. What kind of an idiot does something like that. Thank god no one was hurt. I have nothing against people owning guns but with owning them comes a responsibility with being safe. I am still shocked by that story and thank god no one was hurt. Well gotta go get some work done. Talk to you ladies later.

 Cable News Ratings for 10/27: O'Reilly: 1.9 Hannity & Colmes: 1.2 Greta: 0.9 (No ratings available for Shep or Brit) Larry King: 1.6 Aaron Brown: 0.9 Paula Zahn: 0.7 MSNBC's highest rating: 0.3 Nan: Somebody at Fox must be convinced that the viewers really love Geraldo! They could have let Adam have part of the Ca. fire coverage since we're now in an Arnold lull. Dana Lewis used to be at one of the networks -- NBC, I think. He's very experienced, so he should be a good reporter. I hadn't noticed him clenching his teeth, but I can't exactly blame him with all of the explosions going on. Adam's lumberjack look is a winner. My thoughts and prayers are with you in regard to the family health problems. Studio B had another Shep 'n' Rick segment today, although it wasn't a humorous segment. If enough viewers let Fox know that they enjoy the two of them together, perhaps Fox will allow their segments to continue. If you compare the Shep/Rick moments or the Shep/Jane moments to the Shep/Hannity moments, you can see that there is a difference in chemistry. Shep and Sean seem to rub each other the wrong way sometimes, or possibly that's just my faulty perception. P.S. My spies in Baghdad are on their way to the U.S. with strict orders to confiscate all of Rick's purple ties.

 Hey gals! While I'm waiting for our ever-so-slow-lame-a**-system to do it's thing, I thought I'd check in. This project I'm having to do is tedious to the extreme, but much of it is just waiting on the darn system to react to what I'm punching in. We *are* in a new century- the 21st century- right?? It's taking the system 10 to 15 minutes to rate this policy, and it's not even a large policy- I have larger ones to work on too. All I know is that the slowness of the system is causing me to stuff my face with Wheat Thins (reduced fat, but I'm sure at least 3 servings if not 4....) out of boredom of waiting. So.... (OK- I'm a day late & a dollar short- looks like Nan also posted, LOL!) HEY! I was just checking into Fox News online & you can see the story (I'm pretty sure) that was on Fox Report yesterday! It's here: urlLink Rick's story from Fox Report Sherry- The changing of the time always throws me for a loop- I have the most problems in April, though. It's nice that I feel like it's later- much easier to go to sleep that way ;-) The mornings *do* feel odd though. It's strange how we notice the difference in just one hour. I saw Rick's report last night while I was doing the dishes & hubby was taking a nap. I saw it from a distance- I wasn't sure what to make of the tie. Adam looked nice being all casual. The temps are a bit better today- last night it was cool enough for me to feel comfortable to work on my latch hook stuff. I hope you guys get out to golf eventually! You're *very* welcome for the encouragement! :-) Good Lord, I know what you mean about Geraldo this morning. He was on during Fox & Friends (the last ten minutes or so), and those were the very words out of my mouth, LOL! Nan- OK, now I'm laughing ;-) At the very mention of 'lumberjack casual' it made me think of the old Monty Python "I'm a lumberjack and I'm OK.." or however that goes. I haven't seen Dana Lewis yet. I'll have to watch for him. Not sure about the purple tie on Rick yesterday either....jury's still out. That's a scary thing that happened with the dress up cop and having the real cop show up- yep- people just don't think sometimes. I hope that your husband's surgery goes very well (if you don't mind me asking- what kind of surgery is he having?). I also send you the very best most positive outcome vibes your way for your dad; ya'll will be in my prayers. Gotta go get lunch and (maybe) make another trip to the post office.....

 I couldn't believe it when I turned on the tv and there was that damn Geraldo reporting on the fires. Why am I even surprised.

 Hi LevenGals! Ok, who let Geraldo cross the Mississippi and make his way to California? LOL Adam (looking great in his Lumberjack casual) and Trace were doing just fine covering the fires without Geraldo butting his rather large nose into things. Also, what do you think of the new guy in Iraq, Dana Lewis? I'm not quite sure yet, except I think he must be really tense being in a war zone considering the way he clenches his teeth all the time. Sherry - Fastforwarded through Fox Report last night and had to put the skids on when I saw Rick. He looked good in the suit, not sure about the purple tie though. Hope the weather gets better there. Denise - That is so crazy what happened at that party. That guy is devoid of any intelligence or common sense. Glad no one was hurt. A few years ago here in CA and guy went to a Halloween party dressed as a cop, carrying gun props. A neighbor called in to complain about the party and a (real) cop approached the party and saw the costumed cop carrying his prop and shot and killed him, thinking it was a real gun. People need to "think" when carrying real or fake guns. Nat - the obsessive compulsive cleaning impulses are now in remission. Hope they stay there for awhile. Hang in there at work and don't sweat the small stuff. Teri - Glad the "control burn" was actually controlled. Those things have been known to get away from them and then descruction follows. My husband has been to a few fires in your area over the years. Thanks for the translation. Kim was unable to re-schedule his surgery, so it's a go for Monday. He told me that his mom wants to come and stay with us for a few days after his surgery to "help out". Don't get me wrong, I love my mother-in-law. It's just that when the boys were little and she would babysit, I would come home and be able to see exactly what meals and snacks (and in what order) she had made for the boys from the mess left in the kitchen. So, I'm not exactly sure how her coming to stay with us is going to be helping me. The extra stress is something I definitely don't need right now. Dad's chemotherapy is continuing and the next cat scan is in about 10 days. That's when we'll find out if it's having any effect. If it isn't, well, the prognosis isn't very good. I must remain positive, I must remain positive..... Anyway - to all the missing LevenGals over the last week or so - WHERE ARE YOU!!!!! What's up? EDIT - For those of you who missed Rick's report yesterday - the video is on Fox News webiste - Click on "Yale Sues Defense Dept Over Gays" and then at the bottom of that page is a link to the video. Happy viewing!

 Hey gals! Got a moment to post. We're having to do a project with renewals this week- I just got a bunch of stuff done and now they tell us to hold off on changes.....I still have tons of these to do before Thursday. But, I'm not going to sweat it since it's not in my control. I had to try my hardest to not ROFLMAO when, in our employee communications meeting someone asked what a blog is. LOL!! Samantha looked at me and said, "Natalie knows!" (not out loud to everyone- just to me). I said YEP!! I completely knew and I played dumb. Hehehe- I just thought it was the funniest thing. Oh, yeah- our new water pump for the freezer is so loud that you can hear it outside- I had no idea 'till this morning. The quieter one should be here tomorrow at the latest, I hope. Anyway...... Sherry- You & my dad were rooting for the Marlins- I have a similar reasoning as you for not liking the Marlins- they beat out the SF Giants. I know, can you believe the hotties this past weekend??? It was soooo nice to have them on during the weekend for a change. William L is kinda cute- but I dunno. What was the phrase that someone used before? Something hottie- I don't remember. It normally gets this warm/hot here ocasionally during the summer, but the last gasp is usually in Sept. The humidity the last few days has been low- somewhere around 20-30%. Normally our humidity is around 70-90 I believe, but I know what you mean- TX gets that humid hot too- it's the pits. You can't even move. There was barely a breeze the last few days- the marina water has been *very* glassy lately. That should change by Weds. though- it looks like a 20-30 degree drop in temps. WOW!!! You *go* girl on the weight loss!! That's EXCELLENT!! :-D I think the water definitely helps- still trying to boost mine up. AH- I think Rick was wearing the old leather jacket on Sat.- these guys look *great* in those jackets! :-) Nan- Uh oh!! Well, you can send that obsessive compulsive cleaning spirit to me when you're done- I'm in stuck mode again, LOL! I got some stuff done Sat. while watching Fox News, but yesterday..... I was a sloth of the first degree. Well, I *did* get through some catalogues, but that's about it. It was too hot to do much else, LOL. It just looks *terrible* down there. I'm glad your hubby's not down there in that mess- I hope his coworkers stay safe. I haven't seen anything today- has it gotten *any* better at all?? We definitely had the fans going yesterday- not bad then. The worst is late afternoon (or more like early evening). That's when it feels the hottest. And when you're trying to go to sleep- ick. Fortunately, it was a bit better by then. Funny you should mention Shep sneaking in....I emailed Rick & asked him the same thing and said sorry the Yankees didn't win. Jen- *DEFINITELY* keep posting irregardless. Hey, maybe you'll become a "Hot Toddie" fan! ;-) Seriously, keep posting. Teri- Glad your daughter's feeling better & that they got the control burn out. I've smelled the Innisfree cologne before, but it's been so long I forget what it smells like. Connemara is my ultimate favorite and have feared for the last 10 years that they'll stop making it. I *LOVE* that stuff. Sorry it made you sneeze, though! :-/ Denise- OMG! That party definitely sounded scary!! What kind of moron would *do* that?? And what kind of moron would grab it and shoot it off? I have nothing against owning guns, but you just don't bring one to a costume party as a prop. I'm glad you didn't get hurt, as well as anyone else. Don't worry about sharing! That's what we're all here for. I'm sorry to hear about your friend's grandmother- that's always rough. I was 16 and had stayed the night at a friend's house when I found out my grandpa died. My grandma, grandpa, sister & I had just gone to see Gremlins the day before. To this day I really hate that movie because it brings back awful memories. Nope- no reply from Tony, but that's ok. It was on a whim that I emailed at all- the thought struck me and I just decided, "what the heck" and did it. It would've been really funny though if he'd read it! I thought it was odd too- I dunno. A lot of the time I just wish they (actors & performers in general) would stick to what they do best - acting & performing and just stay out of politics. OK- gotta get back to work & need to go make a post office run. Later!

 Good Morning Ladies. Weight Watchers Update - I couldn't believe it but I lost 4.6 pounds this week for a total of 21.2 pounds in 5 weeks. I don't know how it is going so well but I wanted to keep going that way. I have been exercising like 6 times a week and drinking like 10 glasses a water a day so I think that helps. If I keep losing I will stay motivated. I have been watching the fires on TV and they are just awful. Well gotta go for now but will post more later.

 Hello everyone! From the state that's literally "on fire". We on Ft. Ord had a "controlled" fire, which went out of control. Luckily it only burned more of the "to be burned at a later date" land. Then there's so. Calif... Nan- not a stupid Q! Slan leat is Scot's Gaelic for farewell. One of the few words I know. Thanks for the well wishes. My daughter is fine and back in school. She still has a cough and probably will for a couple of weeks. Nat- thanks in advance. I ordered the Inis sea foam(?) cologne. I should get it in a week or so. Hopefully it's not floral...sneeze..... I hope everyone enjoyed the hottie alerts...wish I could...SOB!!!!!!!!!... Take care everyone and Slan leat!

 hi ladies, hope everyone had a good weekend, mine was a bit crazy and dangerous. I kinda wish I could erase it. Friday, my friend's grandmother died, my Buffalo Bills didn't even show up to the game last night and Saturday, I went to my best friend's costume/Halloween party, which I was having a so-so time. I realy didn't know too many people (they were mostly her boyfriend's friends), anyway there was this guy there who everyone knew and he was dressed as a pimp, also wearing a holster with a gun, which I thought was a prop. NOPe. Not only was it a real gun, the jerk actually brought a 7 round clip for it. Now this is aparty with a lot of young people, two kegs of beer, mixed drinks, etc. At 1:30 am some moron thought it would be funny to grab the gun and fire it into the ground, and on the 5th round the gun jammed, he was lucky the shell didn't explode in his face. The party cleared even the band packed up and left. No one was hurt THANK GOD!! but it left a lot of people shaken, and the guy is permanantly banned ffrom my friends house. What could he have been thinking???? either of them!! Sorry to unload that bt I needed to tell someone. Now I can move on and let it go Nan I went throught the cleaning thing a few weeks ago, and ended up throwing away 4 huge trash bags full of stuff and donated 3 bags of clothes, maybe they should call it fall cleaning. When the mood strikes...you just have to do it! I am keeping all those involved in the fires in CA in my prayers It is so sad that nature can be so nasty. Nat Did you get a response from Tony?? God thinkin' for the note to him...You know I didn't even think about all the animals that would be trapped in the fire, because of course everyone's priority is human lives first, it makes me sad to think about that....I caught the story of Jennifer and Brad going to the Mid east, no offense to them, good for them that they care but highlt intelligent world leaders can't get peace, what makes them think that a pretty face would bring peace?? just a thought. ah I'm with you girl. Where is Greg?? I am sure he is getting settled and relaxing. But still...doesn't he know there are people awaiting him?? Geez ok I have to go and get some work done, I'll post a little later. Hope everyone is having a good Monday!

 Hi LevenGals! Send help - an obsessive complusive person has invaded my body and is forcing me to clean out closets, drawers and cabinets!!!!! LOL Can't believe how much I got done this weekend. Haven't seen any Fox News today. Watched a little football and Southern CA burn. It's really bad down there. The CA Forest Service has been worried for months that this was going to happen. Kim is going to postpone the surgery he was supposed to have a week from tomorrow for a couple of weeks. He's not down there, (thank goodness), but he is working 24 hours a day covering his camp while the rest of the guys are in the San Diego area. He was reading an update he had just received and it is getting worse by the hour. In church this morning we prayed (and will continue to do so) for all those involved. Jen - Hope you got all the painting done. That is hard work. Love to read your posts regardless of the subject matter. It's you I care about, so please continue to post. Nat - Way to go emailing Tony Snow. Too bad he didn't read it. It's almost 90 degrees down here too, though with all the windows open and the ceiling fans on it's not too bad inside. Jayel - I like the idea of Brian Wilson replacing Tony Snow too. Wonder if Shep snuck in the game last night and that's the reason the Yankees lost. Sherry - Glad the Marlins won too. If the Red Sox couldn't do it, I wanted anyone but the Yankees. It gets old the same team winning all the time. Have a great evening everyone!!!

 Hey Ladies!! I'm finally getting aruond to posting it has been a crazy weekend. I had to babysit and then run errands. I was one of the ones that was happy to see the Marlins win. We don't like the Yankees here since they are in the same division as out Baltimore Orioles. Wow I'm shocked that we actually had a hottie day on Sunday. Saw Jeff, Todd and Rick. Usually Sundays are pretty dull. The wildfires are just awful out there. I've been watching William L. cover them and one time he looked like he was going to burn up too. I think he is kind of a cutie. Nan - Great name for Jeff. I love it. I definitely enjoyed seeing his face today. LOL!! Yes I was very happy about seeing Adam this week. Nat - I heard it has been hot out there. Welcome to my world in the summer. Do you have humidty out there or is it just hot. The tempeture wouldn't be that bad but we usually have about 100% humidity which makes it even hotter here. Right now I'm enjoying my favorite time of year on the east. All the leaves are changing and the air is nice and crisp and there is a nice breeze. Great job sending that email to Tony. Too bad he didn't read it on air. He usually reads a lot on the air. Jayel - Thanks for the ratings. I vote for Brian Wilson to replace Tony when he leaves. Brian does a great job and he has filled in for him before. I read your dare and I could never do that. I took pictures of his butt and emailed Natalie at work. She enjoyed them. LOL!! Well gotta go. Talk to you ladies later.

 Hi all! Jayel, agree with you that news reported by the Fox favorites makes the news tremendously more interesting! Surprised to view the report by Rick on a Saturday! Didn't expect that! He had on a dark suit and yesterday, was he wearing a leather jacket? Now where's Greg? Sherry, agree with you that Brian would do a good job filling in for Tony Snow on FNS. Wonder what Greg will cover in D.C.?

 Jayel- I *almost* did that- then I thought better of it. I'm sure that would have garnered a mention! I thought of some other snazzy things to say *after* I sent it, naturally. But that's ok. ;-) It's been a very good hottie day. ;-) It's another 90 some odd degree day here- very unseasonably warm. I can't believe those fires down south (CA)- that's just horrible. I couldn't imagine standing there losing everything I own (mainly those things we can't replace) and feeling completely helpless. Just awful. My thoughts & prayers are with the people who lost, lost their lives, the firefighters, and the poor animals that have also suffered in the fires. I'm going to call it a day on the computer and go change the clocks. I'll chat with ya'll later!

 Ladies, this is turning out to be another good hottie day, as Jeff has now shown up in addition to Rick and Todd. I'm tempted to say that it's either feast or famine where the hotties are concerned, but it isn't really a feast unless all of the hotties are present. Natalie - I'm glad that you sent an email to Tony Snow, letting him know that you appreciated him having Rick and Todd on, even if he didn't read it on the air. (Maybe you should have added, "Do you KNOW who I am? I'm a LevenGal, mister." That would've impressed him, no doubt.) Lol! We have to keep letting Fox know that we enjoy our hotties, if we want to see more of them. I recognize that there are other very good reporters -- like Simon Marks and William LaJeanesse, or the various female reporters -- who deserve to be recognized for their work, but hotties make the news so much more interesting. I hope that none of you California girls are close to the wildfires and that you and your families will stay safe.

 Hottie alert!! Rick was just on Weekend Live (around 10:00 pst) reporting about the Series game last night. Todd's been on twice reporting about Jennifer Anniston & Brad Pitt getting involved somehow in the Israeli/Palestinian conflict- I don't remember because....uh...still working on the AM coffee & was fixated on Todd?? Lame excuse, I know. I didn't get to sleep till 2 AM & got up at 8 (which is really 7, since I refuse to change the clocks till later- gotta feel like I'm gaining an hour of extra free time today, LOL!). So, flimsy as it is, that's my excuse. Off to a good start hottie wise today! OK gals, I sent an email to Tony Snow (the weekendlive@foxnews.com email) thanking him for having Todd & Rick on within a half hour of each other.....if he reads it though, I'm going to be LMAO all day! Later!

 Hey everyone Well there was a great yet quiet sob that came from the couch in our bedroom from my boyfriend - his Yankees lost -- I've had to hide my smile b/c even though I usually read catalogs or scrub floors when baseball is on I had to cheer *allbeit silently* for the Marlins and Josh Beckett - Josh Beckett ow! My girlfriend can *HAVE* Carl Pavano ;-) Well spent today repainting me and the honey's townhouse - have to "restore the wall color" before the lease is up - since my boyfriend has a broken foot he just stood and sat around while me and his best friend and my best friend painted the two extra bedrooms, he stood or sat and gave orders like my Uncle Hank would say "just like some damn sidewalk supervisor" but anyway we got the two bedrooms done but I have to climb over furniture in the hallway to get to the hall bathroom if I have to and the windows have to stay open tonight -- tomorrow I'm hoping for some time off but I doubt it - still have the living room, dinning room and downstairs hallway :-(( plus there's the small matter of finding some new place too. I also got my hair cut but not by choice - I took my braids out Got through mid-terms as far as papers went, barely, but I've still got Govt exams this Monday -- all this "no hardly eating" thing is really kicking my not-so-fat-anymore ass when it comes to school, I'm behind a bit, well a lot :-(( Okay I just noticed something -- I never post about "hotties" anymore 1 - No time to watch for hottie's anymore/ 2 - No hotties really "do it" for me anymore and 3 - *shrugs shoulders* I just notice I just come on here and run my mouth about my day or time since last I posted -- is that cool? Can I still post even though I mention no reporters at Fox? You guys let me know Everyone remember to turn your clocks back tonight - night.

 Hey girlies!! Wow, what a hottie day!! :-D I cleaned all day (basically the stuff I missed last weekend; but still have a bit left to do). I got some stuff ready for the trip that's 3 wks away. I know, I start early....but if I don't do some of this stuff, I'm up late the night before. I'm trying to do this little by little so that it's not so bad. I was shocked to see Todd on today- and so many times! :-) Logic should have told me that Rick would be on today as the Series is in NY tonight and tomorrow- I just didn't put two & two together, LOL! This game is a *very* tight one tonght! And then Jeff was on a few times too. I was going to try to get in here yesterday to "blog" but the last couple of days have been crazy at work (LOL, what else is new. OH! I went to the eye Dr. yesterday & she said the contacts are sitting perfectly, so I was able to get checked for glasses & ordered them. I just love the frames- they're a sort of cat-eye tortoiseshell plastic frame. Um....let's see- we had an electrician come & replace our water pump on our freezer- that was pricy. I'm *such* a neatnik (I think I was telling Jen about this the other day)- it was driving me crazy having the stuff under the sink out everywhere & tools & stuff everywhere. But, like Monica on Friends, I have my 'stuff stashes' (anyone remember the closet episode where Chandler was trying to find out what was in the closet?). Got everythng back in its place today, though. :-) Jayel- Thanks for the ratings! Although I'd have to say I don't like Larry King being up there with Shep.... I caught Todd later on that day on the repeat of Cavuto. What is it about leather jackets? They look *so* good in them! ;-P LOL- I loved the butt shot! Nope, that wasn't me- must have been somebody else bribing! ;-P I thought about sending an email but work's been so crazy I couldn't come up with a snazzy enough (at least satisfactory to me, lol) email. ROFLMAO at the image of Todd knocking at my door! Also LMAO at the image of the Fox exec thinking "HUH?" about getting emails about enjoying Todd's butt shot! I'm sooooo rooting for the Yankees (for other reasons than to see Rick tomorrow- but that's a *very* good point!). I like hottie filled weekends- makes cleaning the boat that much more entertaining, LOL! Can you believe the guy who wanted to take home a "toy" dynamite?? There are some nutty people out there for sure. I don't know if I could keep a straight face while saying that. I think that's why I like Tony Snow too- he does seem very easygoing and has a sense of humor. I wonder who will replace him on the Sunday show? I can think of one or two to nominate......you know, I read somewhere that Todd used to anchor the Fox News Live on the weekends. If not Todd, then Brian Wilson would be a good choice. I know what you mean about Rita's voice- I think she has her own show too, though so maybe it won't be her. Uhm.....I don't know about Geraldo being easier to take though. I'd like them to put someone in who isn't 'everywhere all the time'. Leslie- You're back!! :-) I'm sorry to hear you got the flu from hell, but very glad to hear you're better again. LOL, girl, you're so funny! Jeter & Giambi, huh? It's definitely unseasonably warm here- it was around 90 here today- it should be in the 60's. AZ has been hot too- I was always saying "it's Halloween- it shouldn't still be 95 out" when I was still there- now I'm saying it here, LOL! I know it's not quite Halloween yet, but close enough ;-P Teri- Hope your daughter's doing better! I'll try to make up some CDs in the next week or so- need to do those ones for my mom too pretty soon- so I'll do them all at once- should take no time at all with the new laptop. Jen- I'm trying to remember what Pavano looks like- I guess I'll have to look him up since Beckett's pitching now, and the way the Yankees are going, this may be the last game. Thanks for the quote- that's the one! I can see how your favorite one may not have sounded too good at the time- especially depending on the circumstances. Nan- LOL! Jazzy Jeff! That's good!! I *knew* someone could come up with a good name for him! ;-) I was LMAO at Rick's Shep comments. I think he snuck in there tonight. Someone must've not been paying attention to the "do not let this man in" posters. I've made it a weekly habit to watch Weekend Live on Sat. & Sun - I like Tony Snow's humor and delivery of the news. He's probably my favorite anchor because of that. I'm hoping we'll be able to pick up his show when it starts. We'll see....being in the (very) liberal Bay Area, I'm not going to hold my breath. We *do* get O'Reilly, Hannity, Rush, & Savage though, so you never know. I'm glad that at least the glasses headaches have gone away! I'm up to about 12 hours of wear time now for my contacts. I hope your hubby stays safe working in those fires! How awful- they were saying earlier today that it's up to 13,000 acres, and that they suspect arson. I think that anyone that gets off on doing this should REALLY burn somewhere else if ya'll know what I mean....I just don't understand it (which is probably a good thing, actually). I think that catches me up.....I'll chat with ya'll later- it's the top of the 9th, Marlins 2, Yankees zip. #@%#%! I'll bet Shep is lurking around the stadium......need to go send positive winning vibes to the Yankees!

 Nan - I've been running errands and gardening today, but did get Todd, Jeff and Rick on tape. Rick was looking very good, and for those of you who missed it, Rick joked that Shep's picture was posted at all of the stadium entrances to make sure that he didn't get in and cause the Yankees to lose again. Depending upon the outcome of the game, we may get to see Rick again tomorrow. It's great to see the hotties turn up on a weekend. I see no reason why they can't work days, nights and weekends. We must disabuse them of the silly idea that they need time off. Lol! I was almost tempted to send Todd another email and comment on his ability to keep a straight face while telling about the airline passenger caught with a fake bomb in his luggage. The passenger claimed that he "found" the fake bomb and was taking it home to his children as a toy! Poor Jeff! Stuck with the Democrats. Well, maybe one of them will say something funny that will furnish a bit of amusement. Not counting on it, though. I really like Tony Snow. He's very smart and also has a good sense of humor. He seems to be an easygoing, nice person. One of the articles regarding Tony's new radio show stated that he would be leaving his Sunday show (only the Sunday show) "as soon as a replacement can be found," even though Tony won't be starting the radio show until early next year. Any ideas as to who the LevenGals would like to see, other than one of our hotties? If it's someone from inside the company, I would prefer Brian Wilson. If Fox decides to go with a "name" from outside, I would like to see Matt Drudge. I really hope that it isn't Rita Cosby. Regardless of her qualifications, she has a voice that reminds me of a high decibel foghorn. Even Geraldo would be easier to take. Going to get Duane "Dog" Chapman to round up the missing LevenGals and Greg Kelly.

 Hey LevenGals!!! No posts since Thursday! Where is everyone? Hope your weekend is going good. No Shep yesterday, blah!!! Things looking up today, both Hottie Toddie (not butt shot though) and Jazzy Jeff have been reporting throughout the morning. Hottie Toddie on the recent airline security breaches and Jazzy Jeff on the Presidential debate scheduled for tomorrow. Which hopefully will mean more of Jeff tomorrow. Teri - Hope your daughter is feeling better. At the risk of sounding like an idiot, what does "Slan leat" mean? HOTTIE ALERT!!! Rick was just on reporting on the world series game tonight. Looking good in black casual jacket over black shirt. He also commented that Shep has attended 11 consecutive Yankee games of which the Yankees have lost all 11. Shep will not be attending tonight's game. LOL Leslie - Glad you're feeling better and have rejoined the human race. Not sure about getting a flu shot though. The threat of a needle scares me more than the threat of the flu. Silly, I know. Love our giggle filled chats. Denise - I was wondering where you were. Glad to hear everything's ok and to see you posting again. Sherry - Got to see Adam a few times this week, hopefully he'll be covering the Governator's inauguration so we can see more of him. Too bad he's not covering the fires in So CA. Jayel - I heard Tony Snow doing Rush's show. He is sooo good. First I ever heard of Tony Snow (before Fox News) was when he would sub when Rush was on vacation. Don't know if any of our local radio stations will be carrying his new radio show. We just started getting Sean Hannity's (2 hours delayed). Nat - Glad things are going better with your contacts. I still don't like my new glasses, though the headaches have gone away. Gotta go - I'm flying solo this weekend. Logan is spending the weekend with my other son and hubby is working because of all the fires. Think I'll try and tackle the shelves in the garage and a couple of closets. Yeah, right. LOL

 Sherry - I dare you to email Fox about enjoying Todd's butt shot. Can't you just see some clueless male exec scratching his head while reading it and going, "Huh? Women actually notice something like this and want to see more shots of the guys' butts? Lol!

 Just saw Hottie Toddie and got to see the butt shot. Woo Hoo!!

 Finally got off my butt to come here and post! Actually my daughter is sick so I've been doing the mommy thing with my 13 year old!LOL! Nat- I like the sent but could smell flowers...ah choo! But I do like it! Thanks for the Altan. I have a Capercaillie cassette I did for you. I'll try and mail your package on Halloween(providing if I can get that damn broom to work and fly!). well, everyone have a good day! Slan leat!

 Natalie I got your e-mail this morning and sped read and forget to reply to all the important stuff -- my g/f Mo has eyes for Carl Pavano (the Marlins starter from yesterday) she actually got on the internet and looked him up on the Marlins website (up until then the only time I have every seen my best friend on the computer was for school and even that was a chore for her) anyway *thinking if I missed anything else in your e-mail* um oh yeah the quote is "The best laid plans of mice and men often go astray." and believe me I too live that quote -- I have so much planned for myself so many times and it never gets done b/c so often I'm stuck cleaning up other peoples S(ugar) H(oney) I(ce) T(ea) it's insane, though I must say that's not the best quote I've ever heard - the circumstances surrounding the greatest quote ever are too personal to discuss on the blog but basically my honey once told me "Yesterday I was lying, today I'm telling the truth" now when I look back at the quote it's the funniest thing I've ever heard - at the time it was said..no not so funny -- well I just had to correct myself and I figured I'd do it on here instead of lobbing e-mail bombs to you at work -- oh in case you missed that follow-up - a mimosa is a drink (I think), not a dessert -- sorry about that goof I'm tired, so tired I fell asleep in the tub this morning, so sad I know.

 Hottie Alert! Todd Connor was on Fox about 45 minutes ago reporting on the hiring of illegals by Wal-Mart. I didn't catch the beginning of the report, so I don't know where he was reporting from. Todd said that there was more to be told on this story, so he should be back reporting on this, and this could turn out to be a fairly big story for him. Todd was wearing a blue turtleneck and a leather jacket, and one shot of him going up to someone's door was a rear view shot. Natalie, have you been bribing his photographer? Lol! This story could furnish a good excuse to email him with some comments, if you feel so inclined. He also said that someone that he had approached wasn't happy to see him. I trust that wasn't you, Natalie. (Picturing Todd knocking on Natalie's door and a delighted Natalie grabbing him and pulling him inside.) Leslie - Glad to see you back and feeling well enough to post.

 Hey ladies! Back from the Valley of the Damned. I'm begging all of you, if you haven't gotten a flu shot yet, do so now. Don't walk, RUN, to your nearest healthcare provider and beg for the sucker if you have to. I woke up with it last Monday and ate my first real food yesterday. It comes with all the aches and pains of normal flu and tosses in gastrointestinal turmoil just for good measure. Meanwhile, lying on the couch praying for a quick death, I immersed myself in baseball. Drug induced dreams of being the stuffing of a Jeter-Giambi sandwich. Sorry Shep, but I'm a red-blooded American girl. Gotta love those uniform pants. I haven't had the energy to catch up with all the postings, so I hope everyone is well and enjoying the unseasonably warm fall weather. None of our leaves have started changing yet and it's almost November. I'll be better this week and check in more regularly. Ya'll take care.

 Ratings are in! Cable news ratings for 10/21: O'Reilly: 1.4 Hannity & Colmes: 1.2 Shep: 1.1 Brit: 0.9 Greta: 0.8 Larry King: 1.1 Aaron Brown: 0.7 Paula Zahn: 0.5 Joe Scarborough: 0.4 (highest MSNBC rating) Greta may need more visits from the hotties to bolster her ratings. Visits from the hotties won't help, though, unless they become a regular feature that female viewers come to expect. Shep once again drew a higher rating than Greta. Yea for Shep! Those promos may be helping. Joe Scarborough would be a bigger asset to Fox than is Greta, IMO. He's a true conservative and is funny as well.

 Hey girlies!! Been a really productive day- I've gotten through some (more) murky stuff. I just have a little bit to go, but have a really potentially murky something waiting behind the scenes, I think. GOOD news!! I'm keeping the hard lenses in now for at least 10-12 hours, and I can barely tell they're there now. I get to go in Friday to pick out some frames & get my glasses prescription figured out. :-) Jen- YOUCH! Your TMJ sounds a lot worse than mine. I run into problems when I'm having tough foods (like steak, hard bread) or when I chew gum too much. When I have these, my jaw just feels really tight, like a rubber band that's stretched to the limit or like I have something restricting my jaw from moving much more. Oh yeah- and if I yawn too much- then it starts popping. Yep- my dentist told me about that surgery- although with mine, they'd be shaving my jaw, I think. Either way, it'd have to be wired shut for a month. Like you said, I guess that would be one way to lose weight, but obviously not my first choice! I've heard that if you press your tongue to the roof of your mouth/bottom of the upper teeth and move your bottom jaw that it can help get rid of the tension a little bit. Hope you're plowing through the papers! Denise- LOL, I'm with ya! I haven't set my VCR all week- but I may tomorrow. Your story sounds a lot like my mornings, LOL. Also LMAO about "80's strikes back"- funny you should mention that....I decided today that I'd bring in some 80's cds: Nik Kershaw, Howard Jones, Paul Young, Tears for Fears.....yeah, I was one of *those* people (at least from 84 til I came to my senses around 1990 LOL!). Like the aforementioned disco, it's fun to pull out this stuff every so often. Oh yeah! I did get your email- I meant to reply and I noticed it's still in my 'drafts' section of my email. Once I read the Andy Rooney thing, I remembered it. That's a *good* one. ;-) You don't work at Norcal, do you? Our unit is known as the 'food unit' and it seems there's always an ice cream cake for one reason or another or krispy kremes, etc. I've been doing better at resisting (I think). LOL about the Seinfeld episode, I think I remember that one but couldn't relate to it til I started working here! Jayel- Wow, Tony Snow's in for Rush? That's great! :-) LOL! I saw that contest on Fox too! CNN Idol, that was too funny. A F & F Calendar??? Where's the Hotties 2004 calendar?!? I agree- we're going to have to be 'louder' with our opinions of having a Fox (hottie) calendar next year. I think we're on our own to create our own 'special calendar'. Wow, how sad about the soldier who served in Iraq only to be killed after returning to CA. I have no doubt that if the SF Giants had made it into the Series (or even the Oakland A's for that matter), Adam may have covered it. He would have been the logical choice. Wow, you have the same birthday as a friend of mine- a week before mine! So that's two 11-6'rs that I know! ;-) You could have a point about the Rick/birthday thing- I wonder how the 'cat was let out of the bag' for the other Fox personalities that birthdays are known? I would imagine the anchors probably knew and then said something. We need that to happen with Rick- Shep would be a good one to do that, LOL!! Sherry- You know what's funny, is that during the late afternoon yesterday, I actually thought it *was* Weds. until my hubby pointed out that it was Tuesday. Today *IS* Weds, though! :-) You heard right- Shep's supposed to be in Miami tonight. Look out, I think we have another hottie drought coming on......Todd & Greg have been absent as of late. Greg's probably getting resettled, but Todd's AWOL. Jeff G's been on this week here & there I think- Monday, maybe? You know, I'm back to thinking that words like "going out for lunch" are evil 'cause I'm always worried I'm going to blow it. Samantha & I are probably going Friday, hopefully there'll be something healthy (a salad sounds really good....). I really think the motivation for me (and maybe for you?) comes in when my clothes fit oh-so-better. My pants are a little better than last week, but not by much (judging what I've eaten in the last week, I shouldn't be surprised ;-P ) I'm exercising too though, which is a start. LOL, yep....pumpkin pie is a killer, point wise. What I've learned to do is use the 'pourable' eggs- they're egg whites, but it's yellow. That takes some off right there- but there's also a *lot* of sugar that goes into it too- I'm not sure of a good substitute for that. :-( Yeah, the crust is probably deadly- let me know if you find the crustless pumpkin pie. Gotta go, I'll probably chat with ya'll tomorrow. I was going to need to get online tonight to bid on some pants, but the auction disappeared! Have any of you Ebay-ers here ever gotten a notice from whyended@ebay.com that went like this: "The following listing (yada yada yada) was removed by eBay because a member of our Verified Right Owner (VeRO) Program notified eBay that the listing potentially infringes its copyright, trademark or other rights. We strongly urge you not to complete this transaction"? I got that for one item I was going to try tonight again for, and for another that I've already won (but haven't paid on yet). I have one other one pending (ends tomorrow)- these are all sold by the same seller. I'm not sure what to do, going to have to give this some thought. When I asked the seller (before I read my email) what happened to the one ending tonight, they said "Someone bought them already. Sorry"- how could they buy them already when the auction doesn't end till today? Odd, very odd.....let me know what you gals think- I'm interested in your opinions.

 Happy Wednesday Everyone!! Jayel - I saw that segment on F&F this morning. I saw Shep and Rick on Studio B yesterday that was funny. I think Shep said he would be reporting from Miami tonight. He must be going to the game. I also saw his new promos. I agree Adam does have a sunny disposition. I also notice the lack of hotties lately. Denise - You are right we did talk about the PA thing before. I had forgotten. My parents live in Everett which is near Breezewood and Bedford. Very small town with nothing there but WalMart. I could never live there but I like to visit. Had a great time. I was worried because we always eat out and with me being on a diet I was concerned but I was able to get healthy stuff. Nat - I don't know where I"m getting all my motivation from for this diet. I think I'm just fed up and have a closet full of clothes that don't fit me and want to get into them. I just hope I can stay positive and keep it up. Yum I love pumpkin especially pie but then I read that one piece of pie is like 9 points on my diet. I couldn't believe it. I did see a recipe for crustless pumpkin pie that I need to find and try that. I think all the points are in the crust. Well gotta go.

 FOX HOTTIE ALERT!! Adam is on. Wow I got to see him twice this week.

 Hello, ladies! Tony Snow is subbing for Rush today and tomorrow and is well worth a listen for those who have a chance to do so. Tony will also have a new radio show beginning early next year. He will cutting back some on his appearances on Fox. On Fox & Friends this morning, they had a funny segment. It seems that CNN has a talent contest going for their employees. I'm not sure what the purpose of this is, but the winner will receive $12,000. Steve, E.D. and Brian showed off some of the "contestants" and referred to the contest as CNN Idol. (Brian had a slip of the tongue yesterday and referred to E.D. as "Easy.") Lol! "Larry King" showed up in red suspenders doing a ventriloquist act with a dummy who refused to talk, "Warren" Blitzer, who didn't act as if he knew who Wolf Blitzer was, did a juggling act and dropped everything, and "Paula Zahn" played the violin while tapdancing. Trust me, you don't want to see "Paula Zahn" simultaneously playing the violin and tapdancing. F&F also showed off their calendar for 2004. There was no mention of any other Fox calendars. I guess that we haven't been vociferous enough concerning a Fox hotties calendar, but there's a slim possibility that it may not be too late if we email Fox and try to convince them that this is a good idea. (Be sure to specify which hotties to include. I don't trust the execs to figure this out on their own.) Shep now has two promos out. For anyone who hasn't yet seen them, one has a blue background and photos of Shep. I don't think that he speaks in this one. The other promo does have him talking. Both are good. This may be just a temporary blip (hope not), but Shep and Rick have been given time for banter lately on Studio B. Yesterday, they were kidding each other a bit about the man who went over Niagara Falls. If Fox execs can recognize the entertainment value in conversation between Shep and Jane and Shep and Sean Hannity, they surely have to see the value of banter between Shep and Rick. Adam was on (just once, as far as I know) today, reporting on a soldier who served in Iraq and was killed after returning to Ca. There weren't many details on the incident, so I don't know if Adam will be back reporting on this story. Although this wasn't a light-hearted type of story, whenever I see Adam, the term "sunny disposition" always pops in my head. I haven't spotted any other hotties today. Let's hope that tomorrow is an improvement. Natalie - My birthday is 11-6. Perhaps Rick has been reluctant to answer the birthday question because he's afraid it will lead to more questions that will get too personal. Just my theory. Ever notice that when a hottie is missing for several days, it seems as though they've been missing for several weeks?

 Good morning everybody! I forgot to set my VCR today. hope there isn't tooo many sightings today! I was going to set it last night but I got home from the dentist and my face was still numb at 11pm last night and I thought I would get up early to set it..yeah right! After hitting that snooze button one more time, it was a race to get out the door and in my haste forgot the VCR..Dang it! aren't you all glad you heard that story??? Nat I don't have TMJ...yet. My problem is the same as Jen was descibing but the surgery won't be so extensive. They told me that I would be really happy with the results, I'd better be!!!: ) I didn't catch Joe millionaire, this week I have been wraped up in VH1's the 80's strikes back, brings back some good memories of those carefree days of childhood. I am also catching myself saying the "what was I thinking??" phrase. BTW I tried to send you an e-mail awhile back, did you get it? I need to try it from home, work e-mail stinks! Sherry You go girl!!! That weight loss is great, I admire your dedication, I stick to the ole diet and exercise plan for about 2 days before caving in. Of course it doesn't help that we have cake everyday here at work. A lot of b-days and projects, etc and we all get cake. It reminds me of the Sinfeld episode where Elaine gets upset at all the b-day parties at work. Sherry I think we discussed the PA thing before, but I can't remember. What part of PA are your folks from? I grew up in north central PA along NY state border. I love going home to visit, I couldn't live there again, too small of a town...but they do have Fox!...Did you enjoy your weekend? Ok, I must return to work...Later!

 Natalie: Couldn't help but notice you too have TMJ so do I girlie! TMJ is a condition (if I remember this all right) where your jaw doesn't really function very properly like you could have pain or problem chewing, your jaw could pop or click, it makes the sides of your face sore and you can't really open your mouth very wide -- My TMJ is from the fact that my bite is wrong, my lower jaw sticks out more than my upper jaw -- they've been trying to get me to get jaw surgery but it's too extensive for me - they'd have to go in and break both my upper and lower jaw, take pieces of bone away from my lower jaw to correct my bite -- I'd be in braces and wired shut forever :-( I've done the braces from hell bit -- I refuse to do it again, when I was fatter I thought about it b/c all that jaw wiring would help me lose weight but now that I can go to sleep and lose weight I've decided to put it off 'sides I don't smile that often anyway unless of course -- my honey is around ;-). But I *hate* TMJ there were mornings where I'd have to pop my jaw into place :-( one time I was eating out and my jaw just *locked* for 3 days :-(( but *knocks on wood* it's been many moons I think fear made my TMJ go away! -- anyway just thought I'd weigh in on my TMJ troubles --- oh groovy you read my mail - I e-mailed you at work this morning (well I just FWD another e-mail - did you get it?) I had *such* a hard day today my Natalie :-( but I'll write you about that later...gotta go and finish paper no. 2 -- talk to you later my Natalie

 Hello Levengals!! Adam is on right now so I'm a happy girl. And now Rick is on right after him. How about that. I didn't get to post my Weight Watchers update yesterday but I lost another 3.2 pounds for a total of 16.6. I was so excited expecially since Aunt Flo is visting me. LOL!! I measure tomorrow at Curves for my first time since I started so I'm excited to see if I lost any inches. Jayel - Thanks for letting me know Adam was on. I just turned Studio B on and there he was. I promise that I won't kidnap Greg. Jen will actually be closer than me. I wonder if he will be reporting from the Pentagon. They already have so many people that report from The White House. Nat - I also like Compaq, we have had two and are pleased with them. The laptop I have been looking at is also a Compaq. They have the best int he store that have everything that I want. I'll get it someday. I know what you mean about speed. When we got our new desktop in August we went from 64 to 512 and what a difference. Denise - Welcome back. Your parents live in PA too. Mine do too and I went to visit this weekend. Teri - I guess the Rick's birthday will stay a mystery. Well gotta go. Talk to you ladies later.

 Aw, bummer....I didn't set the VCR today. I was going to set it tomorrow "just in case" Rick may be reporting from FL. I'm sure they'll probably have Orlando Salinas reporting since he's down there though.... Sherry- 16.6 lbs!! Way to go, girl!! I'm, uh...cheating right now. Actually I did yesterday too, but I *did* exercise & I'm going to try to today as well. I'm having a liquid lunch- a "Pumpkin Smash" smoothie from Jamba Juice. I'm entering the dangerous months for me- I just absolutely *LOVE* pumpkin stuff- bread, pies, smoothies....It was nice, 'cause I really needed it today (one of those days). I'll work it off. I always found that I knew I was losing by the way my clothes were fitting. I think I need to do better. ;-P Jayel- Thanks for the alert (even though I didn't set the vcr- D'oh!) I'm glad to see Rick's getting more stories, even if it may only be for the time being. I'm also glad that Adam's back (YAY for Sherry! ;-)) Did any of you gals watch Joe Millionaire last night? I loved it last time, so I'm suckered in for round 2. Holy cow.....I now know the difference between American gals & European gals. I've had German exchange students stay with me when I was in high school, but...I don't remember them acting quite that way. Maybe I just didn't know them well enough. ;-P OK- gotta go, chat with ya'll later!

 Hottie Alert! Blogger just ate my post, so I hope this doesn't show up twice. Rick is on this morning in the studio and reporting on a man who plunged over Niagra Falls and survived. Adam is reporting on a strike by grocery store workers in Ca. Both are in suits and ties. Edit: Dan Springer showed up a short while ago reporting on a serial killer in Washington state. This could be a good day for hotties. Calling Greg, Todd and Jeff!

 Hey gals! I never got a chance yesterday to get back in here to finish. Yesterday was a hellish eye day- I've never had so many people ask me if I'm alright- they said my eyes were all red. I was also really photosensitive- I'm not sure what's going on, but I hope it goes away soon. Looking at 'em last night, they seemed swollen or something so I put an ice pack on my eyes and lots of allergy drops. And took another Benadryl. I couldn't see very well last night (at least focusing anyway) and I took my lenses out at 2, so I didn't do much of anything last night except watch tv. Oh! I *did* exercise though! :-) Today I tried putting the soft lenses in & they're blurry, but I put the hard ones in and I can see- I may be adjusting sight-wise to the hard lenses. I need to break down the time I have them in, but I need to be able to see too.....hubby thinks I just left them in too long this weekend and yesterday, or that I got something (soap) in my eyes. I'm going to try these for awhile- I've just got too much to do and *really* need to be able to see.... Jen- I popped into my email last night and read your email, but that's about all I could do- I'll probably reply tomorrow. **Good luck vibes** for those mid-terms! :-) LOL- nice save with saying "Yay Derek Jeter is on TV"! Where *is* Leslie, anyway?? Do we need to send 'Dog' out to find her, too?? AH- Yeah, I saw the bit with Rick & Robin Williams- that was pretty good. I was also laughing about the press badge. You can really tell when he's having fun with one of the (fun) stories. His coverage of the Series was great. Teri- You know what I need is one of those days where I just read all day long....that's soooo nice & comforting to do. Unfortunately I never seem to allow myself to do that (it's hard for me to 'sit still' unless I have the computer up, LOL!). What did you think of the Connemara perfume sample? I *love* that stuff! I'll burn some Altan for ya when I'm working on my mom's stuff. Now that I have a CD-RW built into the laptop, it'll (hopefully) be that much easier. If you like Irish music, you'll like 'em. Rick sure is good at dodging the 'birthday question bullet', isn't he?? Denise- We were about to send 'Dog' after you, too! Now if we can just get Leslie & Melissa....and any others I may have left out! Oh, no- jaw surgery? What for (if you don't mind me asking)? Is it TMJ? They told me before that I have it, but maybe it's not bad enough to warrant surgery. "and then there was the week or so where all I wanted to do was get home from work and lie on the couch to watch tv. anyone else have that exprience??" Jayel- LOL, for some reason I've *really* gotten into baseball in the last two years. I guess it finally grew on me. The spitting is definitely gross- I think it's a 'guy thing'.....unless you're in SF, I've seen women do that too- mainly in Chinatown. Very disgusting. I just barely caught the Rick & Geraldo thing- in fact, I think I turned it on while they were talking. That would be awesome for the prime-timers to have the hotties on- for the exposure & also that I'd get to see them! ;-) You're a Scorpio too? When is your birthday? Mine's 11/13. I think that's what I really liked about Rick's report during the weekend- his personality really came through, I thought. LMAO- I'm sorry, but everytime I hear "David Lee Miller", the serial killer name comment always creeps into my mind and I have to laugh (and then I feel terrible, lol). I think you're right- it seemed like it was a hottiefree day yesterday. Sherry- I think I meant to reply to you before, and since things have been spastic sporatic, I don't think I did..... The laptop is SO nice. It's a Compaq 2568 CL (I believe). I know it's in the 2500 series. It's so much quicker- to give an idea, I started both up at the same time and had gotten into two sites on the new one before the old one was even ready to do *anything* on. I went from 64MB to 512MB. I'm pretty much sold on Compaq. My dad had a rough experience with them, but I've been lucky so far. Yeah....we need more full body shots of the guys! ;-) Nan- Yep- the new software is almost impossible to compare with the old. I couldn't believe how easy it was to save & import my settings using only 3 floppys. I think I do better than some technology wise but will be the first to admit that I would have a *long, long* way to go still. OK- gotta get to work. I *think* that brings me up to date- if I missed anyone, I apologize! Talk to ya'll later!

 Hi, all! Nan - I'm hoping that the World Series will go to seven games if it means that we'll get to see more of Rick. Yes, I'm glad that Rick was wearing casual clothes for this story. I tried to watch one of the games, but couldn't get into it, and why do the players spit so much? It's disgusting. Sherry - So Greg is only going to be about 40 minutes away from you now! No kidnapping, you hear? Lol! Natalie - Aw, I missed seeing Rick with Geraldo, just as I missed seeing Greg with Greta. (Do ya suppose that Greta may have a little bit of a crush on Greg? Who could blame her? Greta's no dummy.) If Geraldo would start putting our favorite guys on with him, I would be happy to join the Geraldo fan club. Lol! I almost started liking him that time that Greg was on with him, and Geraldo was chiding him about not having his flak jacket on. I'm very pleased to see the hotties turn up on prime time and hope that it signals a trend. There have to be a multitude of people who rarely see Fox anytime but at night, and this gives our hotties a chance to be seen and appreciated by more viewers. Maybe the TV critics will take notice of our hotties, too. The critics don't seem to know that Fox News has anyone on except for Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity. Congrats on the new laptop! And BTW, I'm a Scorpio, too. Denise - Welcome back, girl! Now you have to send in lots of posts to make up for the time you missed. It's a LevenGals law! One of the things that I like about Rick's reports is that unless the subject is too serious and dry, he manages to convey his personality. Some of the other reporters do this also, but others either don't know how to get their personalities across, don't have much personality to begin with, or perhaps feel that letting us sense the human being behind their reports will make their reports less professional. David Lee Miller (despite the serial killer like name) strikes me as a possible hottie, but his reports are strictly business and there's no hint of personality. I haven't seen much of Fox today, but this appears to have been a hottiefree day. Bah! The news seems dull today, as well, but did you ever notice how dull the news seems to be when there are no hotties to spice things up?

 Hi girls! Did you think I got lost? I have been so busy, school started, work, I went to PA to visit my parents, been to 5 dentists as I have to get braces and need jaw surgery... and then there was the week or so where all I wanted to do was get home from work and lie on the couch to watch tv. anyone else have that exprience?? I hope you ladies have been well and life is good. I read a few posts here and there but, the one time I had some free time to post, my laptop shut down! I have been seeing Rick's reports and I can't help but smile, he has a way of delivering news unlike anyone else....speaking of reporters, I caught a the interview from Greg posted here, I was a little surprised, hey what can you do right? My computer system is down at work so I thought I would post to say hi to everyone. My boss keeps walking around so I am trying to look busy (not like he really cares anyhow). I must go now. I'll chat with you guys later. Hapy Monday!

 Hello folks! I hope everyone had a decent week-end! I sure did! I relaxed and read!!!!! Nat- I received your envelope on sat. I'm in the process of working on a reply. Scorpio!? Naw, he'd make a better Virgo!LOL! Yes please! I'm interested in Alton. Don't know if I ever heard them... Sherry-I e-mailed Rick twice asking the b-day Q. He dodged that bullet by not repling.I believe two others asked also... well, everyone have a good day! Slan leat!

 Hey Gals! Did everyone have a good or at least decent weekend? I'm still working on getting the new laptop fixed up. One thing that really saved me a lot of time was a wizard thing that helps you save your settings & files. The only thing I wished is that I had a choice (and maybe I did, but just glossed over it) as to what I wanted & what I didn't. I have that "Comet Cursor" and it's more like a "Comet Curse" sometimes- and once you have it, it's difficult to uninstall it. I still have files on the old system that I just need to save to CD as well as programs to save on CD- will probably do that this weekend. I will also need to add some stuff to the new system (wallpapers from the old system & fonts). I may do that tonight. I also need to load my photo software & the scanner. LOL, I found out my old laptop is a 64MB- this new one is a 512MB. No wonder it was so slow! ;-) It's still good, though and we're going to use it for the navigation software. He's been wanting to do that for months, but I was always afraid of how little space would be left when it was loaded. Not anymore! :-) Saw Rick quite a few times this weekend- that was sure nice for a change, as usually he's on during the week when I'm not home. He looked like he was really having a good time covering the Series. I can't remember when I wrote last- the last 3 days have been a blur. Friday afternoon was lovely (sorta sarcastic)- nothing like getting 5 apps in and *of course* they need coverage approved for Saturday. Let's just say I got a bit blunt and said, "um....you know? NO." I've had too much of that as of late, so it's become a sore spot. My motto? "Tough doo-doo". I've always been too much of a "yes" person & not enough of a "no" person...I think they call that a *pushover*. I'm going to start pushing BACK. Anyway.... I just had to email Rick after the Yankees beat the Red Sox. Basically I said, "Well, I should say "congrats" on the Yankees winning the Championship and going to the World Series; I will be rooting for them (*someone* needs to ruthlessly beat the darn Marlins!). It appears that the Curses (Bambino and billygoat) for the Red Sox & the Cubs respectively; but I must say they put up quite a battle. Best of luck to the Yankees- go net those Marlins! Come to think of it, it must have been that 27 cents you added to the Babe's tombstone... ;-)". To which he replied, "what an incredible game 7! and a great series. hope the marlins at least make it interesting... and yes, i take FULL CREDIT. it WAS the 27 cents! unless they lose. then i have nothing to do with it." What a humorous response- I was LMAO. Teri- Did you get the envelope? Hope so! I think we should make Rick an honorary Scorpio! ;-) (of course this has nothing to do with me being one, LOL!). Ellen- LOL at the email! ;-) Yay! I'm glad you're getting back to the computer world again (i.e., away from web tv). What kind did you order? That's great that you'll be able to eventually become more involved in the blog! :-) Jayel- LMAO at the analogy! YEAH! I'm going to definitely try to think of it that way since it *will* make me laugh, or at least smile. These guys definitely look good in leather jackets- Rick wore on on, um....I think Sunday? I'm confused today. LOL, either that or I'm just not used to catching so much of him in one weekend! I know what you mean about Geraldo- there *was* one positive Geraldo thing this weekend and that was at the end of his Saturday show, he had Rick on live at the Series. Geraldo joked around with him and mentioned that covering the Series must be better than getting shot at. It was a nice little conversation- of course nothing like Shep & Rick but then again, what is? Wow, Greg moving to DC, huh? That's a *definite* promotion. Yep- I'd love to see one of the guys fill in on Fox & Friends- that'd be worth getting up at 3:00 or at least 4:00 for. LOL about the O'Reilly comment about jeans & t-shirts! ;-) Well, gotta get to work, will catch up later at lunch. (still have Friday evening's posts & the weekend's to read). Have a good one!

 Hi all. I didn't get to see Greg's appearance on Greta on Friday. What's up with that? No warning. Did everyone watch Rick's appearance last evening about the world series coverage and robin williams? It was hilarious. Rick even showed his press badge into the camera.

 Hey all Well not next week but this upcoming week are those stinky mid-terms and I've got a lot on my plate so I decided to get the post in while I can still retain some sort of normal brain function and slice of sanity. Thankfully that "mysterious traffic" wasn't there on the way back to my boyfriend's house and the only delay we had was his craving for Burger King -- Williamsburg was really fun, our Bed & Breakfast was great, I really needed to get away and we had a very lovely lovey dovey sunset cruise on the York River Friday night -- Saturday we did a lot of sightseeing even though he broke his foot earlier that week and my die hard Yankees fan boyfriend completely ignored game one (which was good) we were watching the highlites at like 2 a.m. and when I saw the Marlins won I was like "Yay" (he looks at me a little cockeyed) so I "recover" "Yay, um Derek Jeter is on tv" Well so sad no Government paper got done -- do any of you guys think that "Spent the weekend w/ my boyfriend" would be a legit excuse for a late paper?? ;-) Okay well I must be off and make one last attempt for today at this thing before I rush to finish it before the 12:15 deadline tomorrow and do other things -- if I survive and trust me that is a HUGE *IF* I'll let you guys know how mid-terms went. Jayel I e-mailed Melissa told her the blog is going through withdrawls w/o her -- I'm sure she misses you guys too, if I get a chance to call her I'll pass along "Blog misses Melissa" wishes to her that way as well. Natalie: Sent *your* Sunday e-mail out to ya :-) Leslie: You missed a gem by Andy Petitte tonight but you know that I know that if you got miss a game better to miss it b/c hubby's home :-)) Everyone have a great week.

 Hello Levengals!!! Well I just got back from my parents house and I missed Rick all weekend. They have Fox but we were running around I didn't get much TV time. I'll have to tune in now and maybe I will catch him on The Fox Report. Nat - Congrats on the new Laptop. I know when we got our new desktop it is so easy and fast. What kind did you get. I"m still looking at them and let me know how you like yours. If Adam is not back this week we will have to send the "Dog" out for him. LOL!! I guess he does deserve a vacation. Jayel - I heard about Greg too. He will only be like 40 minutes from me now. Teri - I don't think anyone knows when Rick's birthday is. He would probably tell us if someone asked. Any volunteers?? Nan - Yes a full body shot would be good. I haven't seen one since he was walking on the beach in MA a couple months ago. He does look great in jeans. Ellen - That is funny about the email. LOL!!! Well gotta go. Hopefully I'll get to see Rick tonight. Talk to you ladies later.

 He's baaack! Rick is reporting again today on the World Series. Today, he's wearing a medium gray rib knit pullover with a light gray tee shirt underneath. No jacket so far. He looks happy.

 Hi LevenGals! With Rick covering the World Series, maybe we'll get to see more of him in the coming week. Loved the leather jacket. Good to see that he wasn't required to wear a suit to cover a baseball game. Hmmm, maybe we should find out who his cameraman is and email him to let him know we would like a full body shot. Don't get me wrong, I like the close ups but hey, we want to make sure he's staying in shape too, don't we? LOL Nat - Congrats on the new laptop. Amazing how easy the new software makes it for us technology-challenged people. Jayel - I also read Greg was moving to Washington DC. Hopefully there we'll get to see more of him. Jen - Glad to hear you're feeling better and getting away for a few days. Good luck on the Government paper. I think I heard on Fox that there was a mysterious traffic jam near Williamsburg that created gridlock for almost 2 hours. LOL Ellen - I bow to your courageousness in emailing Rick about his party. LOL Gotta love his sense of humor in his response. Congrats on your new laptop too. Can't wait until December so you can join in our fun more often. I was watching NBC last night and saw a commercial for a DVD (and book) of their coverage of Iraqi Freedom. If they can do it, Fox most certainly can. It has definitely motivated me to send an email to TPTB at Fox requesting they follow suit and release one too. Hope everyone is having a great weekend!!!

 Rick's on again! : ) Oh, happy day!!! I got to see Rick & I got a new laptop!! I'm so excited!! I saw Jeff on a couple of times earlier too. I missed Rick the first time around (I assume it was about 11:00 my time)- I think that was when we went to the storage unit & to Costco. I'll catch up later- I need to disconnect my DSL so I can configure the new one....wish me luck. The internet thing is the only that makes me nervous with transferring to another laptop. It was hard enough getting it set up on this one. EDIT: OMG! This was SO easy!! When I hooked up to the internet before on the old laptop, I was on the phone for 3 hours! This time it was all of 10 minutes! OMG, I'm soooo relieved. I guess that tells me how old the other laptop is- it is sooo much easier to connect on here than on the other. OK- gotta start bringing stuff over from the other one & install my MS office software. I'll check in later. Oh yeah! Rick was just on again! :-)

 Rick Alert! Rick was just on Fox talking about baseball and said that he would be back tomorrow to report on tonight's game. Since he's been on once today, he could make more appearances today as well as tomorrow. Rick is wearing a black shirt with gray trim and what looks like a dark gray leather jacket. (It's hard for me to tell sometimes the difference between dark gray and black.) Jeff Goldblatt has been on today reporting on the fire in Chicago, and I understand that Greg was on with Greta last night, but I didn't see it. Is Fox going to have more live appearances by the hotties during prime time? Probably not, but it might make the ratings even higher, provided that viewers knew that this was going to be a regular thing. At any rate, I think that we should let Fox know that we appreciate seeing our favorites and beg them (I have no pride.) for more. Jen - You seem to be feeling better. I hope that it continues. Tell Melissa that we miss her. Ellen - LOL at your email to Rick. Good for you for being gutsier than the rest of us. I guess that Rick doesn't realize that all of the LevenGals are as skinny as fashion models and that we would take up hardly any space in his apartment. I can't get over how friendly Rick is and the way that he responds to our emails. He is so nice. It must be a novel thing for reporters to discover that they are actually liked. I saw just a few minutes of Dayside yesterday and Mike Jerrick (not sure about the spelling) mentioned that reporters are often portrayed as bad guys in the movies, harassing people in order to cover a story. Ellen, I'm so hoping that you'll be able to get a new server so that you can post more often.

 Hey everyone Well look at me 2 weekends in a row w/o a hospital trip - a personal best, anyway so sad on vacation for the weekend and had to bring my computer so I could finish this dang Government paper -- this was not the orginial idea but we're making due I suppose. Jayel: Melissa is fine I must have talked to her about a week ago, she's just busy with school and stuff - siked about her KC Chiefs being undefeated. I won't get a chance to call her this weekend being away but if I do I'll tell her the blog is getting ansy w/o her Natalie: Natalie! I FWD my last e-mail to you to your home e-mail, I think I'm going to have to write you another e-mail, something intresting just came up hahahaha A h: I sent you a reply to your e-mail..last night, yes last night before I went to bed Jan: LOL Your poor cubby fan! :-( I feel your pain, though I'm not a cubs fan I am an Oakland A's *fan and sometimes I feel they'll turn out to be the Boston Red Sox/Chicago Cubs of 2000 (* the truth be told - I'm just a fan of their hottie pitchers) now my honey he's a Yankee fan, his best friend is a Red Sox fan but um let's say just say one of my girlfriend's helped his best friend forget the Red Sox's collapse last night ;-) ... See you when I see you on AIM :-) So I'm here at this B&B watching The Original Latin Kings of Comedy (anyone seen it) well my honey is cracking up, he's getting all the "inside" jokes it's times like this when he's laughing so hard w/ near tears in his eyes b/c it's so funny I too wish I was fluent in spanish or 1/2 spanish like him or 1/2 italian like him but I guess I'll just settle for having *all* of him ;-) So you guys wanna know what's really, really sad about our trip? I drove, my honey lives just over and *hour* away from Williamsburg and I managed to turn an estimated 1h 15min drive into a 3hr adventure into the abyss of hopelessly lost..it wasn't my navigator's fault he slept the whole way and if you guys run into him ... the *traffic* was bad okay? Alright I've tried with this paper *frustration* so I think I'm going to catch some zzzz's you guys have a good weekend -- see you guys next week

 Hello, ladies! Natalie - Try thinking of yourself as Fox and your difficult co-workers as CNN. Maybe that will make things more bearable. Lol! Todd did look good in the leather jacket. We have to keep after Fox to give him more assignments. It wouldn't make any kind of business sense for them to ignore viewer interest in one of their reporters. They must be trying to accomodate viewer interest in Dan Springer, too, as they came up with him making reports on the spotted owl. Spotted owl stories are hardly "Stop the press," kind of stories, so I think that they were just coming up with whatever they could find to give him some face time. I'm so sick of Geraldo turning up everywhere on every kind of story. Either Fox is paying him a big salary and intends to get their money's worth out of him or else they think that he's a big draw for the audience. Rick's orange tie really wasn't bad at all, just, um, unexpected, but it does fit in with the season. Shep mentioned the party today on Studio B, but didn't give any worthwhile details. Did Shep say that he would be working this weekend, or did I misunderstand him? I can't think of why Shep would be working on a weekend. I have mentioned the calendar idea to Fox, but it's probably too late for a calendar for '04. The mystery is why they don't have people who think of these things themselves. a h - C-Span may show Greg's conference on a delayed basis. I think that they do this sort of thing, but not being a C-Span watcher, I'm not sure. According to someone who was at the conference, Greg has been moved from Atlanta and is now assigned to Washington, D.C. There's no info yet as to whether he'll be covering the White House or the Pentagon. The Pentagon would seem logical, but Bret Baier does a great job covering the Pentagon, so I can't imagine that Greg would be placed there, unless Kelly Wright is shifted elsewhere. Guess that we'll have to just wait and see. Greg also acknowledged that being an embed swiftly advanced his career. What I most want to see is the hotties guesting on Fox & Friends and just being relaxed and informal, but TPTB never seem to consider such a thing. Sherry - Adam is probably getting some time off after working so much covering Arnold. He should be back soon. Just be glad that he isn't having to talk about graphic evidence in the Kobe Bryant case. That's one story that Geraldo is welcome to as far as I'm concerned. Although it may have been the case for some time, I just noticed today that L.L. Bean is one of the sponsors on Fox's web site. If Fox had any imagination, they would work out a deal with L.L. Bean to furnish casual clothes to the hotties in the field and give L.L. Bean some publicity in return. This reminds me: Last night, Bill O'Reilly was reading emails and someone mentioned O'Reilly's $2000 suits. He responded by saying something like, "Do you want us to wear jeans and tee shirts?" Well, not you, Bill, but there are some guys on Fox who would be a welcome sight in jeans and tee shirts. When O'Reilly was on the Tonight Show, he talked about his book vs. Al Franken's book and also defended Rush Limbaugh. He make a funny remark about Rush and liberals that got a lot of applause, but I can't remember exactly what he said. Duh! Sorry about that. Sending Duane (Dog) Chapman out to find Melissa!

 i took nats dare to ask rick where the levengals invites were for his party. he said, sorry about the invites but his apt isn't THAT big. i just ordered a laptop, so soon i can say good-bye to webtv and hello to the computer world. since i live out in the country i can only get one server and only for 2hrs a day. but that all changes in december as our town is going 'metro' meaning we'll have a wider area to call w/out having to pay long distant, thus more servers to pick from. then i can be more involved with this blog. here's hoping we will be seeing more of rick soon

 Good morning to all! I've been neglectful,sorry! I'm into a new series of books,"Dragonlance" (fantasy). I'm into Raistlin the mage...anyway... Nat- I'll keep my eye out for the package and thank-you!!!! Life is still going. Still have CNN (I hate Ted Turner and it kills me when I support him by watching his stations...yada yada). Greg is 33. I thought he was in his 30's. Sooooooo, does anyone in this whole wide world know when Ricks B-day is? I know, we'll pick a day and send him cards and gifts(ladies! send clean panties please!) and that will bw "Ricky's Day"!LOL! Let me know what ya think on the idea. Gotta go! Have a fun day! From the left coast......

 Well, bummer.....Red Sox lost. So, I guess for those who truly believe in the curses, they're both still active. NYC will be rowdy tonight, I'll bet there's a lot of people calling in sick tomorrow! Hmm... Shep? Rick? Sherry- Congrats on the 90 on your test!! :-) Happy Dance for Sherry! That's gotta be a relief! I was really irritated about the guy who caught the ball, but the more I'm hearing people are really out to get him, I feel more & more sorry for him. I was bummed, but there is no reason for people to do what they're doing to the guy. About the job...yeah, I'm just looking forward to my vacation and also "keeping my eye on the prize"- i.e., only a little more than 5 years to go. I'm really trying to think that it's just one of those weeks, and that next week will be better. It's got to be. I also think that once they get me away from Ms. Negative, it will improve immensely (sp?)- I do believe that has a lot to do with it at times. Some people are just difficult to tune out, I guess, and this chick is one of them. Wow, Hot Toddie was on Greta's show too, huh? That's just so odd for him to be on the later shows, but it's really nice to know that maybe he won't be a stranger to them. Mmmm....love that leather jacket! I *love* the stuff I got- I hope a couple of them aren't too small ;-P I got an XL girly Fox & Friends shirt and it still looks like it might be snug- but you know, I have a lousy sense of knowing how something fits by looking at it- I always have to try it on to know for sure. I'm often surprised (in a good way), which is nice. Geraldo....what is up with that??? Why can't the guys get & keep a story without him horning in? I haven't seen Adam since the recall I think....we'd better send 'Dog' out to find him. Have a great time at your parent's! Jan- LOL at the CUBS WHEN? thing! My mom was a huge Cubs fan, and was watching them play in the playoffs. It's funny, she used to watch baseball all the time but rarely watches baseball now, and it took me 30 years to get into it. The only press I've heard about the guy who caught the ball has been on Fox. Like I said above, I think people are going too far with making him feel bad- I was mad at first, but you know- in the end, it *is* just a game and when people are making threats, that's just going *too* far. To do what they did by printing his name & where he works- that is definitely wrong. I wish I'd caught "Halloween Rick"- bummer! Sounds like you missed him as well. Thanks for the sympathy too about my job from hell. I definitely tend to internalize them and then all of a sudden, I kinda blow up. The underwriter I work with is great- she used to be an associate underwriter like me, but she was offered the underwriter position and took it (I wouldn't take it for *anything*- I'm staying where I am, lol!). She is just always so calm and lets things roll off her like nothing. She's an inspiration to me, and has been for the last year & a half that I've been there (it'll be 3 yrs in January). I'm always thinking, how could I have handled this differently? I'm learning, slowly but surely. That's what I really like about our group here too, is that we can rant and get it off our chests. I love the support we give each other! :-) **HUGS**! I wonder if Shep will be in tomorrow (considering that he mentioned Rick's party, and assuming it was a Yankees party & the Yankees won (finally) after midnight...LOL!) Jayel- Thanks for the descriptions of the stuff I missed- it at least gave me an idea of what they looked like. I agree with Jan- Rick's suit on Weds. sounds very Halloween/Fall like. Why, oh why is that just when one of our guys gets a story that Geraldo swoops in? Oh well! As above, it was refreshing to hear that Todd was on H & C and also on Greta's show. Wish they'd do that more often. Hey, has anyone reminded TPTB at Fox that a calendar would be a smart marketing tool? Could be time to remind them, although time's quickly running out. OK- time for bed, I'll chat with ya'll tomorrow. Will really try to be on AIM tomorrow too. ;-P

 Hi all! Tonight was that conference thing with Greg k. No c-span coverage though. The other night they showed a conference on ethics in journalism, so why not this event? Sherry, congrats on your exam! You must be relieved! Jan, I think Greg K was joking around trying to be cute. Jayel, I agree with your comments about Greg K in cosmo. Think he was joking around, trying to be funny for the cosmo audience, unless cosmo "juiced" up the answers to be more exciting. Nat, think Greg's b-day is in December, so he's still 33.

 Hey Levengals I finally had my last exam today. I have been stressing all week with exams and studying. They are done for now. Yeah. I got my Accounting one back already and got a 90. I was so excited. Now I'm just going to chill for a couple days. I haven't even had much time to watch the news. Jan - Sorry about your Cubs. I feel bad for the guy, everyone around him was also reaching for the ball and I think anyone else would have done the same thing. Nat - Oh poor Nat, I feel so bad for you that you have to work in that awful place. I hope things get better and just keep dreaming of that nice vacation you have coming up. I saw your Hottie Toddie on Greta last night. He was looking cute in his leather jacket. I'm going to put some Fox stuff on my Christmas list. Nan - I think all the Levengals invitations got lost again. Jeez they got lost for the Labor Day party too. Jayel - We should all email Shep during the show about the party. He reads some of the emails on the air. Maybe if we all send one and put Party in the Subject he will wonder what it up and look at some of them. I wonder how many emails he gets a day. Probably 1000's. I saw Rick at the very end of his report this morning but didn't get to see him the rest of the day. Why does Geraldo have to be everywhere. Jeez!! Oh where oh where is my Adam!! Has anyone seen him?? LOL!!! I was so spoiled seeing him everyday and then he is gone. Boo Hoo!!! Sorta of like when Rick was in Iraq and we got used to seeing him everyday and now we are lucky if he is on once a week. Well gotta go get some shut eye. Leaving tomorrow for my parents for the weekend but I'll be on her computer checking in. Happy Friday everyone!!!

 Hey Gals, CUBS WHEN? CUBS WHEN? CUBS WHEN? (sorry if the reference to Harry Caray went over some heads) I am suprised that I'm a bit disappointed they didn't win. I'm not really a Cubs supporter during the regular season, but it would have been cool to see them win, but in the end, they ARE Cubs.....That fan has been getting a ton of press here, is it the same elsewhere? Some are saying he should be killed and others are saying it's just a game, I feel sorry for the guy, he's not the one who gave up 8 runs in one inning. They've printed his name and where he works, that's so wrong...I'm pulling for the Sox tonight (sorry Rick and Shep)....I have been neglecting Fox lately, I'm caught up in baseball.... I saw Todd reporting on the ferry incident, but not Rick, of course I don't get up early enough to watch F&F, sounds like he dressed for Halloween (Wed) Nan, sorry you guys didn't get your invitations, I'll be sure to report back on the finer points of the party..... :-P Teri, when I lived in CA, nobody had cable....Maybe Ahnold will get you some conservative news channels......I remember some helicopters from Ft. Ord searching the beach for some surfers that got caught in a riptide, that was the closest I've ever been to choppers or Ft. Ord...... A H Thanks for posting Greg's comments, I don't get that magazine. It's nice to hear he has a wicked sense of humor too, at least, I'm assuming he was joking on some of that.... Natalie, I wish I could help you out your job troubles....not that I'm great at it, but I tend to ignore things, whereas you seem to internalize them...I remember once I really got in to it with our District Manager, not a good thing, but he got the point....Just rant all you want here, it's good for you to get those things out..... Jayel, I missed Bill on Leno, any high points? With my family, me and my aunt are the two most political, and we always disagree, she can't stand Bill O'Reilly so I just egg her on, it's great! I can't say I always agree with him, but he makes me think..... Shep's on Fox Report tonight, wonder if his vacation time finally ran out???

 Hey gals! Day's looking up- I've gotten a bit out this afternoon. A coworker coaxed me out for lunch & it was nice. It's been awhile. I was telling her about my frustrations with a certain person & she completely understood (I think everyone here does, actually, but she's one of about two people here at work that I really trust). It was nice to get it off my chest. I was going back through the posts again from yesterday & it dawned on me (duh!) that I did see Todd on Fox Report yesterday afternoon- I got home in time to see him, but not Rick. Todd looks good in the leather jacket. :-) I should have watched H & C last night, but I was dead set on watching the game...oh....yeah...now I remember. I sacrificed Fox Report (from about 4:40 on) for the game. Maybe that's why I missed Rick- doh! What's this I hear about an invitation? Dang, why do our invitations always get lost? I triple dog dare someone to email Rick and ask where our invites are. **JUST KIDDING** You know, I'll really LMAO if the Yankees lose. But I *do* have to say that if they do win, I'm rooting for them. At this point I want SOMEONE to beat the Marlins. I feel so bad for all the Cubby fans. I know the guy who reached out for the ball meant no harm, but I think it all went downhill after that, and I really wonder how different it would have been if that hadn't happened. Mancow sure was bummed this morning on F & F. Some good news- I got the stuff I ordered from the FoxShop today! :) I got some mugs, a F & F plaid sleep shirt & some tees. OK- gotta get ready to go home. I'll 'talk' to you gals later.

 Nan - We LevenGals are going to have the sue the Postal Service. Our party invitations always get lost in the mail. And the partygoers have the nerve to carry on without us! Lol! Do you all suppose that it would do any good to email Studio B and request Shep to tell us a little more about the party tomorrow? (That's assuming that Shep will be on tomorrow.) He may honestly think that no one is interested in hearing anything more about the party.

 Shep just mentioned that he's not going to the Yankee/Red Sox game tonight because"Leventhal" is having a party. Where's my invitation????

 Possible Rick Alert! Rick was on Fox & Friends this morning reporting on the ferry crash and could be making more reports today, so keep an eye out. Natalie - I'm sorry that you missed some hottie sightings. (We may have seen the last of Jeff until he gets a new story to report on.) I was surprised to see Todd show up in a live report on H & C. Of course, this had to be followed by an appearance from Geraldo discussing the accident.

 Hey gals.... Aw crap- I didn't check the blog last night and assumed that the hotties (save for Jeff) were absent yesterday so I'm taping over yesterday's stuff.....*sigh* Oh well- it's par for the course for this week and there's nothing I can do about it now. They'll be on again! :-P I sacrifieced H & C for the Cubs/Marlins game. I guess I should have watched H & C knowing the turnout now of the game. You know what's scary about that ferry accident is that I can also choose to take the ferry from San Rafael to SF (esp. now since I've found out this week that the bus I normally take to the City when Kevin's off has more or less been axed). I already know of one thing that can happen as it's happened to us: a mechanic working on it before we brought it up from San Diego accidentally dropped a bolt in the engine area. Well, that little bolt caused the shifter (I think) to jam and Kevin couldn't stop the boat & the bowsprit ended up on the dock (in San Diego). It was deemed safe so they started out. Had to pull into Santa Barbara because the bowsprit was busted- they could have lost a lot of rigging, not to mention their lives (as the weather was being difficult on top of all that). I went to work tallying up all the reasons to back up a $35,000 insurance claim (which was settled) to pay us back for the docking fees in Santa Barbara, the empty dock fees we were paying in San Rafael, the rent of our house that we wouldn't of had to keep renting, and the repairing of the bowsprit. So, who knows what the Ferry accident was due to- could be sleep deprivation, alcohol, drugs, or a mechanical error. I saw that and the first thing I thought of was what happened to Kevin. AAAAARRRRRRRGGGHHHH I'm so frustrated this week with people at work. I'm seriously holding myself back from throttling someone. People who think they are God's gift to *whatever* drive me crazy. Oh yes, and she never admits she's wrong- when she is quite often. Thank God Friday is tomorrow. Anyway, a particular someone is already climbing down my throat so I need to get to work. I'll check in at lunch, if I get one.

 Todd Connor Alert! Todd is on Hannity & Colmes right now reporting on the Staten Island ferry accident.

 Rick was on today's Fox Report doing a story on a weird art project in NYC. If any of you have it on tape, notice Rick's hair in the front. It's sort of falling down over his forehead a bit. I like it. For those who missed Rick, he's wearing a brown suit (coat unbuttoned) and an orange tie. (Yes, orange!) It looks good with the suit, though, and I'm noticing once again how broad his shoulders are. I thought that he would be covering the Staten Island Ferry crash today, but he must have been unavailable. Todd Connor was also on Studio B, reporting on a newspaper that's being given away in NYC. Todd was wearing a brown sweater and a leather jacket. His hair was too slicked back for my taste. Someone will have to volunteer to go run her fingers through his hair before his next appearance. Lol! Jeff was also on Studio B and has been on quite a bit today. Natalie - I'm sorry that things have been so stressful at work, and I certainly hope that conditions will improve. The Cosmo comments: If Greg K. really did make those comments, his "bad boy" side doesn't make me like him any the less. It's reasonable to assume that plenty of women (some of questionable virtue, no doubt. Hee!)come on to him, so what does anyone expect a young, single, red-blooded male to do? Lest we forget, he's also a Marine. Program Reminder: Bill O'Reilly will be on the Tonight Show tonight.

 Hey gals! I finally have a few minutes to post! I think I've given all I can give in the last few days. I think I lost myself along the line somewhere, so if anyone finds me, PLEASE let me know. ;-P I thought I really had a chance of seriously maiming people yesterday- thisclose. I think I'm past 'tying my shoes'- I've moved to the next step. Blunt & sarcastic, taking no prisoners. I'm at that point that I know I'm going to PO someone, so it doesn't matter whose apps, changes, etc sit- I can't do them all at once. But, I'm also at that point where I'm really frustrated because all I've heard is you aren't doing this, this isn't right, this shouldn't have been held so long, etc. I *know* that probably 70% is out of my control, so I try to let it roll off. It just makes one feel so downgraded and insulted, I guess. Well, if they don't like it they can take a hike; I'm out of answers- deal with it. ;-) Geez, has it really been since *Sunday* that I've posted??? That's a record for me. Even though I subscribe to Cosmo, I broke down & bought the newsstand copy 'cause I was so curious (and heaven forbid if the USPS loses the Nov. issue....). It was....interesting. Not what I would've expected Greg to say. AH- Isn't his birthday in December?? I can't remember- I thought I saw that somewhere, but forget where now. I thought he was a year younger than me (I'll be 35 in November). Jayel- LOL- you said it well about Greg's comments in the article! It's good to know he has a fun side. Figured it had to be in him somewhere. Other than Jeff G., it's been a slow hottie week. I saw the repeat of the Cavuto show with the psychiatrist- what a lame brain & YAY for Neil for standing up to her. The woman was a true idiot. I like that idea of a Shep & Rick spot (ala Dennis Miller) once a week. Nan- I second you on Sherry's success- she's a great inspiration! :-) LOL- guys and their movies! We have our "chick flicks" guys have their "guy flicks" I guess, huh! Don't feel guilty about my organizing- I still have five-fold the amount that I actually got done this weekend, LOL! I have more in store this weekend...and next....and next. ;-P Sherry- CONGRATS ON THE WT. LOSS!! :-) Excellent! You ARE an inspiration. I think I'm stuck on a plateau or not paying enough attn to what I'm eating. I am journaling again though, and that always helps me stay more on track. Doesn't it always seem to be the case when they let you take one page of notes that you end up feeling like it didn't help at all? I don't think that ever worked too well- I think it's a professor conspiracy ;-P Good Luck on your exam tomorrow! Yep- alcohol is a perfect example of empty calories. I make myself choose between the wine & dessert (at least with ice cream I get the calcium benefit, lol!). Keep motivated and if you ever need that boost, email away! Teri- Hey girlie! I sent you a large envelope today with some pix & a 'pithy' *not* letter! ;-P Gotta go- running late as usual. I'll check in later- have a good one!

 Hottie Alert! Jeff Goldblatt was on Fox a few minutes ago reporting on the Cubs. He was wearing a light blue shirt and a leather jacket and looking yummy! It sounds as though he may be making more reports today.

 Hello everyone! I hope you all had a fun Columbus day week end! Jan- I live on Ft. Ord. Next to Montery.Ca. You would think that CA would have better cable! I agree with the other comment that, Fox is no 1 and brings in more money than CNN. So get Fox! Whatever. Thank the good lord for radio and Sean! Took my daughter to the dentist. Good check-up! I'm the only problem child...2 cavaties after 30 years!Alas... Take care and slan leat!

 Fox Hottie Alert!! Jeff G was just on Fox News Live (11:53 est for those who tape) and he is covering the Cubs. And he looks hot if I must say so.

 Good Morning Ladies!! I forgot to post my Weight Watchers update yesterday but I lost another 2.6 pounds for a total of 13.4 my first 3 weeks. I was pretty excited. I'm hoping to hit 15 pounds next week. Took my Accounting exam this morning and it wasn't that bad but not really sure how I did. He did let us take one page of notes to the class so that helped but of course there seemed to be more questions that I didn't have notes on. Ugh!! I have another exam on Thursday and then I'm done mid-terms. Yeah. Which means I should be studying and not spending time on the internet but right now I'm too tired to study. Where are all the hotties?? I'm going through major withdrawal here. Of course I haven't had much time to watch so they may have been on and I missed it. I at least try to catch Studio B and The Fox Report. Nat - Yes beer is only 2 points and I'm not sure about wine because I'm allergic so I don't drink it. I try not to drink too much because it is just empty calories and I would rather spend them on food but once in awhile it is nice to have a beer. I can't belive my willpower. I usually would have quit by now but I'm feeling really motivated. Hopefully I can stay that way. Nan - I don't know where this discipline is coming from. Normally I don't have any but I'm hoping it lasts. Jan - Your girls weekend sounds fun. AH - Thanks for posting the article. Saved me from having to type it. Jayel - I agree that I think Rush will come back as strong as ever if he can beat his addiction. Well gotta go, talk to you later.

 Sherry - I just caught Jeff. He's wearing a jacket and looking really cute. For those of you who didn't see it, Jeff was standing outside and was under a roof of some kind, but it was raining in the background. It's not quite the same as a wet Jeff, but as close as it gets. Lol!

 Hi LevenGals! Jan - A girls weekend!! Sounds like you had a great time. I don't have any sisters or daughters so I'm holding out hope for a 'LevenGal Weekend". Give me a holler next time you're on AIM. Been a little busy at work the last few days but it should settle down later in the week. Sherry - You're diet disciple is inspiring me. Keep it up!!! Leslie - No, it's not you - Shep does seem to have a hard time reporting the more delicate details in the Kobe case. As for hubby's "rest of his life" if the Red Sox win - not sure - there's something almost noble in his suffering all these years. LOL After watching "The Ring", are you ready to return to the safe world of Pooh Bear? Hubby and son went to watch "Kill Bill" (for the second time) tonight - not me, too bloody and gory. Holding out for "Runaway Jury". Jayel - That is too funny about the billboard. Gotta love FNC's sense of humor. Nat - You're making me feel guilty with all the organizing. LOL A H - Thanks for posting the article about Greg. Surprised by some of his comments. Jen - Hope that doctor of you figures out what's wrong and soon!!!

 a h - Thanks for posting the Greg article. I think that we should email Fox and ask them why they've said nothing about this article on Fox & Friends, Studio B or Fox Report. It's favorable publicity for one of their reporters, even though I'm not sure that Greg made all of the comments attributed to him. Although the comments about women seem at odds with his general demeanor, if he did make them, it at least shows that he's a normal, red-blooded male who enjoys women. We certainly wouldn't want the alternative! I don't think a single hottie has been on today (not including Shep since he's on every day), but I am relieved that none of our favorite guys are covering the Kobe Bryant trial. Some of the stuff being discussed is embarrassingly graphic and not meant for our guys' delicate ears. (Rushing around and clapping my hands over the ears of Rick, Jeff, Greg, Adam, Todd and Dan) Lol! I'm hoping that Shep and "Tricky" will be back for more baseball conversations. It's such fun to hear them discussing a non-serious topic like baseball, even though I'm not a baseball fan. I'm SURE that you all have been anxious to hear more about the new Al Gore TV liberal news channel that's being developed to combat Fox News. Bad news for battery operated Al! He's been advised that viewers won't go for a liberal news channel, so now the idea is to develop a hip, youth oriented news channel that will be a cross between CNN and MTV. Well, we'll see how it goes. Natalie - I don't usually see Neal Cavuto's show, but he was discussing Rush today with a woman psychiatrist, who was obviously biased against Rush. He kept saying, "You don't like Rush, do you," and did a great job of bringing out her bias. Yea for Neal! If Rush can beat his drug dependency, I think that he'll come back as strong as ever. Wouldn't it be great if we could have a live Shep and Rick segment every week the way that Hannity & Colmes has a taped segment with Dennis Miller each week? I'll bet that this idea has never even crossed the minds of Fox execs. Sigh! With such a total lack of hotties today, let's hope that means that they will show up later this week.

 Hi all! Sherry already talked about this, but I thought I would post this amusing article on the blog. Think he's kidding about some of the answers and trying to be cheeky! They got his age wrong though--he won't be 34 until a few more months right? Anyway, enjoy! I can't post the pic that came with the article for some reason. Jen, did you get my email? Cosmo men Hunks across America Southeast Bachelors Photo: Eric McNatt Georgia Greg Kelly Atlanta, reporter for Fox News Channel Email Greg Age: 34 Why he loves his work: "I've always been interested in current events. Journalism appealed to me because I like seeing the action firsthand." Ideal date: "Curled up on the couch, watching a Simpsons DVD marathon." Perplexing femme fetish: "I'll never understand why women are so into shoes." Hottest way he's been hit on: "A woman came up behind me at a party and said, 'You're under arrest.' We left and had our own private party." Wow him by wearing: "I'm a huge soccer fan, so cleats and nothing else."

 Hey gals! I'm finally getting around to posting this weekend- this is actually the first time I've turned on the computer this weekend. I went through and boxed up some books for storage and reorganized some stuff. I feel like I only got 1/4 of the way done; I have so much left to do but I got 4 boxes of books (these are like paper boxes) and two boxes of latch hook and other needlework crafts that I will work on later. He's lucky enough to get the day off tomorrow (Columbus Day) so he's going to take them over to the storage unit tomorrow. I watched 2 out of 3 of my tapes from the week; Rick & Shep were so funny on Studio B on Friday! The Cubs lost today :-( Better luck Tuesday, I guess. It's official: I'm super sick & tired of hearing about the Kobe case. Teri- Actually you could only see the upper pocket area of Rick's jeans- not a full shot. They've had other segments though where he's wearing jeans though.....I'm tellin' ya, satellite's the way to go! ;-) Jayel- You're welcome for the Rick alert! ;-) It looks like he made a few appearances that day- now watch it'll probably be another week before we see him again. LOL, I saw that billboard segment on Fox & Friends- that was just too funny. I hope Rush is able to break his dependency too. Like my hubby said, the libs will probably make a big deal out of it just because he's a conservative. Like *they've* never had people with dependencies....it's really a shame that they just can't leave him alone. Now that you mention it, I was wondering about the whole "boss" comment too. When I heard it, I thought he was just joking around, maybe some inside joke between them. That was such a good segment- had to rewind and rewatch a couple of times. I agree with what you said about Jeff Goldblatt. Maybe they'll give more to him to cover as well. Nan- I *love* having cereal for dinner- even if my hubby thinks I'm crazy for it. I think I ate half a box of Lucky Charms once as a sort of 'comfort food'. My all time favorite comfort cereal though is cream of wheat with brown sugar. I'd love to have the Cubs & the Red Sox in there, but I'm not sure how likely that is. Wow, sounds like Amber & I were there at SFSU about the same time- I started in Spring 1996, but didn't change my major to English/Creative Writing until Fall 1997. She probably has Pete Wilson's stamped signature on her diploma; I'm pretty sure Davis came to office in 1998. That's cool that your son will have Ahnold's on his! ;-) I agree- Rush will be in our prayers too. Sherry- Congrats on sticking to your diet & Curves! :-) LOL- girl, you read my mind on that jeans camera shot....I was like, "keep going! what's wrong with you?!? Keep going!!" LOL! I kept rewinding to see if I missed something....I didn't but the camera man did, LOL! Good luck on the midterms- I'm sure you'll do great! OMG- Greg's in the Nov. Cosmo?? I haven't rec'd my issue in the mail yet- should be anytime soon. I just went through October's I think....when I saw your post I had a slightly anxious thought that I went through November's and completely missed it. **whew** Glad that wasn't the case. That's so cool that he got picked! Good for you that you didn't eat anything! If I remember correctly, lite beer is less points than red wine. Unfortunately I just don't like beer- I've tried it time and again, but it doesn't take. You *should* feel good about being 'good' at the party! That's willpower! Jan- The "Girls Weekend" sounded fun- that's a great idea and tradition. Glad you had a great time! I think most of my blood related family members are girls too, now that I think about it. The pocket thing was on Fox Report on Thursday- he was talking about the "curse of the Bambino" & reached into his pocket for 27 cents to put on Babe's grave. I'm pulling for the Cubbies too- I take it you saw that game yesterday (Saturday)? Wow, what a game. I was so disappointed with how they did today, but will keep my fingers crossed for Tuesday. You know, I was thinking the other day how approachable Rick has been, and as you said "so eager to please us LevenGals"- that's so true! Sometimes I think he's surprised that he has fans, LOL. Leslie- I survived, but wow.....Friday was great (even if I just saw the coverage today). Where *is* Melissa??? I hope things get better with Roy's job; that's scary when it gets to that point. I always find that somehow we land on our feet too. Hang in there, we're all thinking & praying for you. That was so funny when Shep was talking about what Red Sox fans would be miserable about for the rest of their lives if they won. I'm pulling for them though- even though our Fox guys are rooting for the Yankees. Dry cereal could be good to snack on.....but it's not the same without milk. ;-) LOL, LevenHussy! Where do I sign up?? Any room for ToddHussies too? Or would that be ConnorHussies? Swooning definately sounds better than hyperventilating. Good analogy. Jen- I hope your inept MD figures out what's going on & soon! Is it too late to get a 2nd opinion? Do you have to stay with this same MD? They should be able to tell you or help you as to why you can't eat w/o becoming ill afterwards. I wish there was something we could do to make you better! You've been in my prayers, and prayer is powerful stuff. I haven't checked my email yet (since Friday), so maybe you've explained the dream more- but girlie you have my curiosity up now! LOL! Was Todd or Rick the Fox reporter? ;-P Don't worry about leaving an away message on Friday! I wish I wasn't "away" on Friday- it wasn't planned that way. Friday was more like a Monday to me- rushing around & stuff. I kept thinking, "aren't Fridays supposed to be more calm than this?" My manager *did* buy an ice cream cake for us (just for fun) though- and despite the temporary insanity (throwing the diet out the window), it hit the spot. Well, I gotta check email yet & also the status on the mis-zipcoded order. I guess I'm going to have to try to beg & plead with UPS to deliver to the 94111 zip code instead. :-/ Ya'll have a good one!

 Hi Gals, I spent the weekend in Wisconsin Dells with the other female members of my family. For the last 8 or 9 years we have had a 'Girls Weekend'. Most of my blood-related family members are girls so it works out great. We rent a cabin and celebrate milestones (this year my aunt turned 50, and my grandma turned 80), eat, sleep, play with my 8 year old cousin and just generally gel out. We had wonderful weather this year, and the leaves were just about at their peak. It was a great weekend! I see I missed a crucial 'talking point' as I left on Friday at noon. Did it look like Rick was reaching for something.......or just casually putting his hand in his pocket???? I would have 'swooned' too, but I missed it :-( We actually watched a lot of sports for a 'girls' weekend, but we have to keep an eye on the Cubs, this could signal something more sinister if they actually win.....I agree on the Sox-Cubs series, I'm sorry Shep, but you gotta share the wealth..... Jen, good to see you posting again, I haven't been on AIM yet, I just get too lazy, I will get my butt on there soon, I promise. You take care of yourself...... Nat, I know how low those Blue Angels fly, they were here a few years ago and they are amazing to watch..... Sherry, what does the article on Greg say? It's amazing he made that list, not because he made it, but because they recognize that he is such a popular guy.....You should send Rick another email, he is so eager to please us LevenGals....:-) Teri, what backwoods hole do you live in that doesn't get Fox??? Even my parent's backwoods hole of a town gets it, and they don't allow parking on the street overnight so the whole town parks their cars in the front yards....no joke. At least Rick emailed you, that's cool! Leslie, I'd like to order a loaf of that pumpkin bread, do you take debit cards??? Or, I'll just send an R movie your way, any preferences? Nan, don't even mention Jesse Jackson in the same paragraph with "Tricky", Rick soo deserves better...

 Hello Levengals!! Hope every is having a great weekend. Thought I would take a break from studying to do a quick post. Got my Cosmo magazine and it is their Hot Guys Issue (Nov) and they have a section where they pick a hot bachelor from every state. Well Greg Kelly got picked for Georgia. If anyone wants me to share what the little piece says let me know and I will post. Well my best friends little boy that I babysit for turned a year yesterday and I went to his birthday party. It was fun and I didn't eat anything at the party (I did have one Lite beer though - but counted the points). I had lunch before I went so I wouldn't be hungary when I got there. They had chips, cake, cheese and all that other good stuff but I resisted. I felt pretty good about myself. Well I gotta get back to the books. I'll post more tommorow. Oh and by the way I'm going through Adam withdrawals already - haven't seen him since Thursday but at least we got to see Rick a couple times. That was nice for a change.

 Hey everyone Well I think this is the first weekend in about 3-4 weekends that I *haven't* been in a doctor's office/ER/Hospital so I figured I'd sortta celebrate and post. So the ineptitude (SP?) of my own doctor continues to wonder and frustrate me -- I could go on forever about him but I won't because I'm trying to have a somewhat good day after a pretty sucky night :-( well I had an endoscopy last weekend - nothing, Thursday I had a nuclear study that knocked me out for the rest of the day - results still pending. No one says I can't eat and even I don't say I can't eat - I can eat, but I just become violently ill afterwards, I am really afraid it's some sort of undiscovered cancer that will be found in me because everyone *everyone* in my family dies from some sort of cancer -- the last person to die of just good ol' natural ol' age in my family occured back in 1982 - everyone else since then has died of some sort of cancer, my doctor told me I'm too young for it to be stomach cancer but then again it is *my* doctor who said it and I have no faith in him. So much blood work, I've gotten blood drawn just about 2 times per week this last month and if it's not blood it's IV's and my hands are bruised and sore :-( did I mention mid-terms are next week yet? Leslie: I thought about you most of the night, I hope that Roy feels a little better by the call-in tonight or at least can hold out a little while longer -- you know, I had no batting practice dreams like you did but it was weird, I had some sort of funky cross-over dream with you, a Fox reporter, me, my trainer and Natalie.. Melissa: Yay yay so good to talk to you yesterday :-)) you *must* come to the blog more often but I can't exactly tell you what to do w/ the blog I mean look at how I am sometimes ;-p I never got to ask you but were you intrested in joining me and Natalie's fact finding quest?! Natalie: My fellow plane chicken no. 1 girl ;-) I saw your away message yesterday but didn't get a chance to leave you a sassy lil' away message or e-mail :-( I shall make it up to you though this weekend :-) Alright that's it for me again for a while - everyone take care until I get back.

